article: Budget carrier Tigerair is offering dirt cheap $13 airfares for flights around Australia in a four-hour Halloween sale on Friday night. But the airline is gambling its servers won't be spooked by an expected stampede of bargain-hunters when the sale goes live at 8pm tonight. The low-cost tickets will be offered on nine routes, including Sydney to the Whitsundays, Brisbane to Darwin, Adelaide to Sydney and Gold Coast to Sydney. Scroll down for video . The airline is offering $13 fares to locations around Australia between 8pm and midnight AEDT on Friday evening . Tigerair says consumers should 'pounce' on the fare deal . 'We're certainly prepared for a surge in demand this evening,' Tigerair spokeswoman Vanessa Regan told Daily Mail Australia, adding the company was 'very hopeful' their systems would cope. The sale comes less than a week after angry travellers took to social media to criticise Jetstar's website and phone lines crashing in the midst of a one day sale frenzy. The special airfares only apply to 'thousands of seats' between June 2 and June 24, 2015: . Adelaide – Melbourne . Hobart – Melbourne . Melbourne – Mackay . Gold Coast – Sydney . Adelaide – Brisbane . Adelaide – Sydney . Sydney – Whitsunday Coast . Brisbane – Cairns . Brisbane – Darwin . Thousands tried to snap up cheap $88 flights from Australia to Bali when seats went on sale, but Jetstar's systems crashed shortly after it began. As angry travellers vented on Twitter using the hashtag #JetstarFail, the airline apologised to its customers. While Tigerair is confident it will avoid a system meltdown, they could face customer backlash over the hidden credit card charge attached to the $13 fares and limited availability. The fares are only on offer for flights between June 2 and June 24 next year. That is the period before school holidays in Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland. The bargain fare does not include that $8.50 'booking and service fee' for credit card users, although Australian Mastercard debit card holders can escape being slugged the extra fare. The airfares include 10kg of carry-on baggage. Ms Regan said the sale is likely to 'surprise, shock and sweeten your senses' and urged customers to 'pounce' on the deal as soon as possible.
highlights: Budget carrier Tigerair will offer $13 fares on nine domestic routes . Airline is 'very hopeful' its website will cope with expected surge in traffic . Jetstar website crashed last week during flash sale of flights to Bali for $88 . $13 fares will only be available on flights between June 2 - June 24, 2015 . Price does not include $8.50 'booking and service fee' for credit card users .
id: ca4a0e3554ce744c17be873cc1d760529bd30cfc
chatgpt: Tigerair, the budget airline, has announced that it will offer $13 fares on nine of its domestic routes, between June 2 and June 24 this year. The announcement has already generated excitement amongst travelers eager to take advantage of the rock-bottom prices. The move comes on the back of a similar flash sale by Jetstar, which offered flights to Bali for just $88. Despite being an enormously attractive offer, Jetstar's website was simply unable to cope with the volume of traffic it received and crashed during the sale. This prompted fears amongst some potential Tigerair customers that frustration and disappointment awaited them when they tried to book their discounted flights. However, a spokesman for the airline has stated that Tigerair is 'very hopeful' that its website will be able to handle the expected surge in traffic. The company has apparently invested heavily in its website infrastructure to ensure that such problems do not occur. It remains to be seen, however, whether Tigerair's website will be up to the task. The $13 fares will be available on nine domestic routes within Australia. These include Sydney to the Gold Coast, Melbourne to Adelaide, and Brisbane to Cairns. Although the fares are incredibly cheap, it should be noted that they do not include the $8.50 booking and service fee charged to credit card users. Despite this extra charge, the fares are still expected to be snapped up quickly. Many bargain-hunting travelers have already expressed their excitement at the prospect of paying so little for flights. Some have even claimed that they will book several flights, taking advantage of the low prices whilst they can. As ever, however, there are those who are less enamored with the hype surrounding such sales. Some have pointed out that there are a limited number of seats available at these prices and that competition for them could lead to disappointment for some. Others have also noted that traveling during the dates on offer may not be possible for everyone, especially those with work or other commitments. Nevertheless, for those who can snag a seat on a discounted flight, it promises to be a great opportunity to save some money and explore the country. Tigerair is hoping that its sale will be a hit with the Australian public and looks set to cement its position as one of the country's leading budget carriers. Whether the airline's ambition is matched by reality, however, remains to be seen.