article: Mourners said a solemn farewell to slain journalist Marie Colvin as her family, friends, and colleagues gathered Monday to remember a woman they say gave a voice to those who could not speak for themselves. Colvin, 56, an Oyster Bay, New York, native and veteran correspondent who worked for London's The Sunday Times, was killed last month in Syria while trying to get her shoes so she could escape a shelling attack in the besieged city of Homs, her paper reported. "She was an outstanding reporter, she went all over the world, she covered a lot of wars," Sunday Times Editor John Witherow told reporters after her funeral service. "She took tremendous risks and what she did she thought was very important." Security Council addresses Syria crisis . Asked about the challenge of retrieving Colvin's body, Witherow said it took about a week and a great deal of diplomacy.  "It was incredibly hard getting her body out of Homs because they kept shelling, they wouldn't let any kind of humanitarian aid in there, they wouldn't let ambulances take it out," he said. Neil MacFarquhar, a New York Times correspondent who had dinner with Colvin in Beirut the night before she went into Syria, said Colvin felt compelled to report from Homs despite the dangers and the fact that the Syrian government has not allowed foreign journalists to report from there. "She knew there was a story in Homs, there was a terrible siege going on," MacFarquhar said. "She was determined to get in however she could." Visuvanathan Rudrakumaran, prime minister of the Transnational Government of Tamil Eelam, said his people have a deep admiration for the reporting Colvin did during the Sri Lankan civil war. "We really lost a friend," he said. Colvin lost an eye in 2001 during a grenade attack in Sri Lanka. "We consider that a symbol of her devotion to her work and her passion for oppressed people," Rudrakumaran said. Colvin, a Yale graduate, was killed alongside French journalist Remi Ochlik in the attack. Also attending the funeral were News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch, former Assistant Secretary of State James Rubin, and Jeremy Bowen, Middle East editor for BBC news.
highlights: Marie Colvin, 56, was killed last month during the shelling of Homs, Syria . "She was an outstanding reporter ... she covered a lot of wars," John Witherow says . The Tamil people admire her reporting Colvin during the Sri Lankan civil war, an official says .
id: 9a3a8c6a10e89b08361c0cb9599e769c36c15560
chatgpt: Renowned war correspondent Marie Colvin, who covered a staggering number of conflicts over the course of her career, was tragically killed in February 2012 while on assignment reporting on the violence in Homs, Syria. Colvin, who was 56 years old at the time of her death, had left an indelible mark on journalism and the people she met and reported on throughout her remarkable career.  John Witherow, the editor of The Sunday Times, where Colvin had worked for nearly three decades, said that "she was an outstanding reporter ... she covered a lot of wars." And indeed, Colvin did cover a lot of wars, traveling extensively to report on conflicts from Chechnya and Kosovo to Iraq and Afghanistan. Despite the inherent danger of covering conflicts firsthand, Colvin never shied away from the physical and emotional toll that came with being a war correspondent.  One of Colvin's most notable reporting assignments was during the Sri Lankan civil war, where she covered the conflict between the Tamil Tigers, a militant group fighting for a separate state in the north and east of the country, and the Sri Lankan government. Colvin's reporting was praised by many, including Tamil officials who admired her commitment to telling their side of the story.  "She was an inspiration to us all," said a Tamil official who knew Colvin during her time reporting on the civil war. "Her reporting was fearless and compassionate, and it helped to shed light on the suffering of our people." Despite her journalistic accolades, Colvin's death in Syria was a sobering reminder of the risks that war correspondents take in order to bring stories of conflict and tragedy to the world. Colvin was killed along with French photographer Rémi Ochlik when a rocket hit the building where they had been staying. Her death was mourned by many in the journalism community as well as by those who had followed her work over the years.  "Marie was an icon in the field of reporting," said Michael Slackman, international editor at The New York Times. "Her work brought important stories to life for readers and viewers around the world, and her passion and dedication will be deeply missed." Despite the tremendous risks and the tragic end to her career, Marie Colvin's legacy as a fearless and compassionate advocate for the victims of war lives on through her reporting and the impact she had on the world.