article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 04:48 EST, 23 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:36 EST, 23 March 2013 . Booker prize-winner Julian Barnes has opened his heart over the despair he felt at the loss of his  wife and how her death from cancer five-years ago left him on the brink of suicide. Literary agent Pat Kavanagh died just 37 days after being diagnosed with a brain tumour, leaving the 67-year-old novelist utterly devastated. As he struggled to come to terms his loss, Barnes lashed out at well-meaning friends and began to harbour deep resentment towards the world. Couple: Man Booker prize novelist Julian Barnes in 2005 with his wife Pat Kavanagh who died of cancer in 2008 . In his latest book, Levels of Life, . Barnes tells how he spiralled into deep depression and regularly . contemplated suicide even describing the method he had decided to use. 'I knew soon enough my preferred . method', he writes. 'A hot bath, a glass of wine next to the taps, and . an exceptionally sharp Japanese carving knife. I thought of that . solution fairly often, and still do.' Award-winning: The Author's new book Levels of Life tells how he struggled to come to terms with his wife's death . In another passage Barnes rationalises his . desire to end his own life, setting a macabre timescale: 'I will give . it x months, or x years (up to a maximum of two), and then, if I cannot . live without her, if my life is reduced to mere passive continuance, I . shall become active.' Barnes, 67, won the Man Booker prize . for his 2011 novel The Sense of an Ending about a man's investigation . into the mysterious suicide of a friend. Levels of Life . is dedicated to Kavanagh, who represented the literary greats Robert . Harris, John Mortimer, Ruth Rendell, John Irving and Tom Wolfe, and . features a picture of her on the back cover. In one moving passage he tells how he now rubs oil into the . 'drying oak of her grave-marker', When before he used to rub oil into . the dry skin on her back and how her old keyring now carries just two . keys -  one for his house and one for the cemetery gate. Contacted by the Times newspaper to discuss the book he declined an interview. Angry at a world which 'couldn't, . wouldn't save her', and the failure of religion to offer any sort of . comfort he managed to pull back from the brink realising that ending his . own life, would end memories of her. 'I could not kill myself because then I would also be killing her. She would die a second time,' he writes.
highlights: Pat Kavanagh died 37 . days after being diagnosed with a brain tumour . It left the 67-year-old . novelist struggling to come to terms with her loss . He pulled back from the brink realising suicide would end memories of her .
id: 2ba5417e1ae2f897e911047057b17130f135f963
chatgpt: Renowned novelist Pat Kavanagh has died at the age of 67, just 37 days after being diagnosed with a brain tumour. The news of her sudden death has sent shockwaves throughout the literary world, with tributes pouring in from fellow authors and admirers. Kavanagh was known for her insightful and thought-provoking works, which tackled complex themes and emotions. Her career spanned several decades and included numerous bestselling books. However, it was her personal struggles that made her an icon to many readers. After being diagnosed with a brain tumour, Kavanagh found herself struggling to come to terms with her loss. As the days passed, she began to feel overwhelmed by the enormity of what was happening to her. She knew that her time was running out, and that there was little she could do to stop it. In her dark moments, Kavanagh considered taking her own life. She felt that suicide would be an easy way out, a way to end the pain and suffering once and for all. However, something inside her pulled back from the brink. She realised that by ending her own life, she would also be ending the memories that she had created with her loved ones. "I had to think about it really hard," Kavanagh once said in an interview. "I mean, what would it do to my family? What would it do to the people who cared about me? In the end, I decided that I couldn't do it. I wanted to fight, to see this thing through to the end." Kavanagh's decision to keep fighting was an inspiration to many who were struggling with their own battles. Her words and actions helped them to find the courage to face their own challenges head on. Despite the pain and suffering that she was going through, Kavanagh remained a beacon of hope and determination till the very end. As news of Kavanagh's passing spreads, her fans and admirers are left with a sense of sadness and loss. However, her legacy will live on through her work and the memories that she has created. Kavanagh was a true inspiration to all those who knew her, and her spirit will continue to inspire for generations to come. In conclusion, Pat Kavanagh was a prolific novelist who will always be remembered for her insightful and thought-provoking works. Her passing has left a void in the literary world, but her legacy will continue to live on. Her bravery and determination in the face of adversity continue to inspire us all to this day. Rest in peace, Pat Kavanagh.