article: PUBLISHED: . 23:01 EST, 24 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:22 EST, 25 September 2013 . 'Fifty Shades of Grey', the titillating three-part series by E.L. James, now has a wine paring to go with it for readers who are thirsty for more. E.L. James launched two romantically themed flavors : Red Satin and White Silk. The bottles each come with a little tagline that reads, 'You. Are. Mine.' Now they can be yours when you purchase them on her website. According to the release, White Silk, a blend of Gewürztraminer and Sauvignon Blanc, has flavors like lychee, honey, tempered by flavors of crisp grapefruit, mineral and lush pear with a faint hint of butterscotch. Red Satin is a blend of Petite Sirah and . Syrah that has been aged in a combination of new and seasoned French . oak barrels. The tasting notes include black cherry, cocoa powder, . caramel, vanilla, leather and clove spice. The novel 'Fifty Shades of Grey' and the wines Red Satin (pictured left) and White Silk (pictured right) Author E.L. James of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' released her new wines today . According to E.L. James, 'Wine plays an important role in Fifty Shades of Grey, adding to the sensuality that pervades a number of scenes. I’ve always had a penchant for good wine, so combining two of my passions to blend Red Satin and White Silk was a natural extension of the series. I hope my readers curl-up with a glass as they enjoy the romance between Anastasia and Christian.' Wine plays such an important part in the book, that E.L. James made a complete wine list and dinner menu that goes with different sections of the book. The three sections of the wine list are cleverly named Fifty Shades of Grey for white wine, Fifty Shades Darker for red wine, and Fifty Shades Free for hard liquor and cocktails. If you love the book, and you love the wine, you may want to see the film version coming out August 1, 2014. The film directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson stars Daktota Johnson as Anastasia Steele and Charlie Hunnam as Christian Grey. The film is not yet rated but may be NC-17 for the explicit sexual content that made the book so famous worldwide. Dakota Johnson will play the bookish recent college graduate, Anastasia Steele . Charlie Hunnam will play the sexually devious character,Christian Grey .
highlights: The wine comes in two flavors: Red Satin and White Silk . Author E.L. James created a separate wine list to go along with the story . 'I hope my readers curl-up with a glass as they enjoy the romance between Anastasia and Christian,' says James.
id: eac82119b0e56c9f13c1ca76d4a9a93e389d75a2
chatgpt: Fans of the Fifty Shades of Grey series are in for a treat as author E.L. James has created a unique experience to accompany her latest book release. To help readers set the mood for the steamy romance between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey, James has released a wine list that consists of two flavors: Red Satin and White Silk. The wines, which are produced by California-based winery, The Fifty Shades Wine Collection, were carefully selected to complement the series' themes of passion, romance and luxury. The Red Satin is a bold and smooth red wine that features flavors of black cherry, vanilla and chocolate. Meanwhile, the White Silk is a delicate white wine with notes of apricot, peach and honey. "I hope my readers curl-up with a glass as they enjoy the romance between Anastasia and Christian," said James. According to the winemakers, the wines were crafted to appeal to the sensual nature of the series. "The wines embody the essence of Fifty Shades of Grey – the complexity, strength and elegance," said Robin Cohn, CEO of The Fifty Shades Wine Collection. "We're thrilled to be a part of this iconic story and are excited to bring the wines to Fifty Shades fans." The wine bottles also feature elegant designs that evoke the luxurious lifestyle of Christian Grey. The Red Satin bottle features a deep crimson label with a subtle hint of gold and a sleek silhouette of a tie, reflecting Grey's love for elegant suits. The White Silk bottle features a delicate white design with a hint of silver and a feather, symbolizing Anastasia's delicate nature. Fans of the Fifty Shades of Grey series can now add a touch of luxury to their reading experience with these unique wines. The wines are available for purchase online and can be shipped to select states in the US. This latest addition to the Fifty Shades series is just one of the many ways that James has kept her fans engaged with the story. With the wine list, readers can now immerse themselves even further in the world of Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey while enjoying a glass of their favorite Fifty Shades wine.