article: (CNN) -- With four home-based major champions in the Irish Open field, Indian golfer Jeev Milkha Singh stole the show in Thursday's opening round with a dazzling round of 63. The 39-year-old's eight-under-par effort was six shots better than British Open winner Darren Clarke, seven ahead of U.S. Open victor Rory McIlroy and nine clear of the young Northern Irishman's 2010 predecessor Graeme McDowell. Dubliner Padraig Harrington, who kickstarted Ireland's golfing success with three major victories in 2007-08, was 10 shots behind Singh at Killarney. Singh, a three-time winner on the European Tour, carded six birdies and an eagle as he equaled the best score of his career to end the day two shots clear of France's world No. 546 Alexandre Kaleka -- who birdied five holes in a row from the 12th. Clarke dreaming of Open double . "I don't know whether it was a good thing or a bad thing, but 59 did cross my mind," said Singh, whose sixth place at last weekend's Scandinavian Masters was his best after two years of injuries sent him tumbling outside the top-200. Former U.S. Open champion Michael Campbell was a surprise sight near the top of the leaderboard, with the New Zealander -- now ranked 701st -- tied for third with Germany's Marcel Siem and Sweden's Christian Nilsson on 66. The 42-year-old Clarke is under the weather after admittedly over-celebrating his first major title at Royal St. George's on July 17. "I didn't come here to make up the numbers. I hit a lot of good shots and had lots of chances, but didn't quite have the speed of the greens," he said after his four-birdie 69. McIlroy led by two shots early in the day but closed with a double-bogey after hitting the water at 18 to sign for a 70, while McDowell and last year's runner-up Harrington both struggled after missing the cut in Sandwich. Defending champion Ross Fisher was in a big group tied for sixth on 67. Meanwhile, South Korea's Meena Lee claimed the first-round lead at the Women's British Open after carding a seven-under 65 in wet conditions in Scotland on Thursday. The 29-year-old fired seven birdies at Carnoustie to be two shots clear of American Brittany Lincicome and three ahead of her compatriot Amy Yang, Germany's Caroline Masson, Sweden's former champion Sophie Gustafson and U.S. player Angela Stanford. In a tie for seventh place on 69 were Caroline Hedwall, Momoko Ueda, Na Yeong Choi, Amy Hung, Song-Hee Kim, Lorie Kane, Paula Creamer and Mika Miyazato.
highlights: Jeev Milkha Singh leads Irish Open after shooting eight-under-par 63 in first round . Indian ahead by two shots from unfancied Frenchman Alexandre Kaleka . Ireland's recent major champions Darren Clarke and Rory McIlroy off the pace . South Korea's Meena Lee claims the first-round lead at the Women's British Open .
id: 89221e5fa22491e5c5a61fbb845c71f604d18ed9
chatgpt: Jeev Milkha Singh made an impressive start to his campaign at the Irish Open as he took an early lead following the first-round play. The Indian golfer showcased his skills on the course and shot a stunning eight-under-par 63 which put him ahead by two shots from his closest challenger, Alexandre Kaleka of France. Singh, who has not tasted victory on the European Tour since 2012, was in scintillating form as he nailed six birdies and an eagle to lay down a marker for the rest of the field. He made relatively quick work of the Kilkenny course, finishing his round with a bogey-free record. It was a great start for Singh who has missed the cut in six of his last nine European Tour events. He now faces the challenge of maintaining his form over the next three rounds as he looks to clinch his first win in almost a decade. While Singh may have stolen the show on the opening day, Ireland's most recent major champions, Darren Clarke and Rory McIlroy will be left ruing their mixed fortunes. Both players struggled to keep pace with the leaders, finishing their rounds with two-over-par and even-par respectively. For Clarke, it was a frustrating day as he was forced to withdraw due to a hand injury. But the Northern Irishman remains hopeful of making a quick recovery in time for next week's PGA Championship at Kiawah Island. McIlroy remained upbeat despite a somewhat underwhelming performance, and he believes he still has a good chance of making his mark on this year's event. Meanwhile, over at the Women's British Open, it was South Korean golfer Meena Lee who claimed the first-round lead after shooting a five-under-par 67. Lee, who has two LPGA Tour victories to her name, finished her round strongly and holds a one-stroke lead over a group of four players, including Welsh player Lydia Hall. The event is being hosted at the Carnoustie Golf Links, a course known for its challenging layout and is set to provide an intriguing test for the world's best women golfers. It remains to be seen whether Singh can maintain his early form at the Irish Open, but the Indian golfer will undoubtedly be feeling confident heading into the second round. With a strong field chasing him down, it promises to be an enthralling few days of golf at the picturesque Kilkenny course.