article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 14:29 EST, 24 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:55 EST, 25 June 2013 . Former First Lady of France, Carla Bruni, was caught in the wind as she arrived at JFK airport in New York earlier today. Casually dressed in a black blazer jacket, jeans and black knee-high boots, the 45-year-old Italian-French beauty covered her face in a pair of huge sunglasses as her hair whipped about her face. Mrs Bruni-Sarkozy tweeted earlier today that she was ‘Editor for one day’ of women’s lifestyle website AuFeminin.com, the French equivalent of SoFeminine.co.uk. Causing a storm: Carla Bruni was given a flee blow-dry outside JFK airport, in New York, flanked by two people carrying guitars . Formerly first: Mrs Bruni-Sarkozy was caught in the wind at JFK airport today . In an interview with the women’s . lifestyle website the former model spoke of body image, addressing the . drastic move by Angelina Jolie to undergo a double mastectomy after . finding out she has an 87 per cent risk of developing breast cancer as a . carrier of the BRCA1 gene. Mrs Bruni-Sarkozy said although she . ‘understands’ why Ms Jolie chose to speak openly about her operation, . she added that it was ‘very American’ of her. ‘The message from Angelina Jolie is . also: take charge of your destiny,’ the mother-of-two told AuFeminine.com, adding that . it had not lessened Angelina’s femininity. ‘I really believe that femininity is something more than breasts, buttocks, hair ... femininity is a power. The fact that we work, and take our place in society gives us a charm, and impacts our generation,’ she said. Working hard: Carla Bruni appeared to be in good spirits as she arrived at the airport in New York on the same day she appeared as a guest-editor on a French lifestyle website . Carla also spoke of the changes in fashion and on the catwalk, lamenting the large number of teenage models. 'These girls have a prepubescent shape . and they are in danger as they grow up, as they are being judged [on . the catwalk] on a body that is not final.' 'As they grow up, they submit to the . constrains of the system, only to find that their body will not,' she . said, adding that 17 should be the minimum age for a model. The model-turned-singer released her fourth album Little French Songs in April, which reached number two in France. She attracted controversy when one . song - Le Pinguoin - appeared to be mocking her husband's political . rival Francois Hollande, who unseated him as president. The lyrics 'neither ugly nor . beautiful, neither tall nor short, neither hot nor cold, the penguin, . neither yes or no,' were taken to be a dig at Hollande's nickname Mr . Neither-Yes-Or-No. Au naturel: Carla Bruni, who is currently promoting her fourth album, called Little French Songs, removed her sunglasses and her hat once she was inside the airport .
highlights: Former first lady of France caught in a flurry at JFK airport . Carla Bruni is busy promoting her fourth album, Little French Songs .
id: 9e904f178dc94390decdf70e17d9d7062b573f8f
chatgpt: Carla Bruni, the former first lady of France, was caught in a flurry at JFK airport in New York City. The French singer was busy promoting her fourth album, "Little French Songs," which was released earlier this year. Bruni, who is married to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, arrived at the airport with a small entourage. She was dressed casually in jeans and a white T-shirt, with a brown leather jacket draped over her shoulders. As she made her way through the terminal, Bruni was surrounded by fans and paparazzi. Despite the chaos, she remained calm and collected, smiling and waving to her fans as she made her way to her waiting car. The former first lady is no stranger to the limelight, having been a successful model and actress before marrying Sarkozy in 2008. She has since carved out a successful career in music, with her debut album, "Quelqu'un m'a dit," becoming a hit in France and around the world. "Little French Songs," her latest offering, has been hailed by critics as a return to form for the singer. Featuring a mix of original material and covers of classic French songs, the album has been praised for its nostalgic sound and Bruni's evocative vocals. Bruni has been busy promoting the album across Europe and North America, making appearances on television shows and performing at music festivals. Her tour has been a success so far, with fans flocking to see the former first lady in action. Despite the attention that Bruni's music has been receiving, however, she remains a controversial figure in France. Her marriage to Sarkozy was marred by scandal, with rumors of infidelity and financial impropriety dogging the couple throughout their time in office. Bruni herself has been accused of arrogance and opportunism, with many French citizens resenting her for what they see as her attempts to profit from her time as first lady. Her music career, in particular, has been a source of controversy, with some critics calling it a vanity project. Despite the criticism, however, Bruni seems determined to continue pursuing her passion for music. With "Little French Songs," she has created an album that stands on its own merits, regardless of her celebrity status. As she continues her tour, Bruni is sure to encounter more fans and critics alike. But with her talent and musical prowess, it seems likely that she will continue to win over audiences around the world.