article: Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Revenge attacks targeting a village in southeast Kenya killed 10 people Thursday, including women and children, the nation's Red Cross said. The deaths occurred in Tana River district , the latest in a series of attacks in the area. Read more: Dozens of Kenyans killed in dawn raid . A day earlier, nine others died in an attack that left homes torched in a nearby village, according to the Kenyan Red Cross. Attacks and revenge raids have soared in the region in recent months. Read more: Second blast in 3 days hits Somali neighborhood in Kenya . Late last month, rival tribesmen armed with arrows and machetes clashed at dawn, leaving 32 dead, the Red Cross said. In the December attack, at least 30 more were injured in the clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes in the district, the Kenya Red Cross said in a statement. Both sides have engaged in retaliatory clashes in recent months. Read more: Police: 38 Kenyan officers killed in ambush involving cattle . It's unclear what triggered the latest clashes, but the two groups have fought for years over grazing rights, land and water sources. Pokomos are largely farmers while the semi-nomadic Orma tribesmen mostly tend to livestock. The former have accused the latter of grazing cattle on land that does not belong to them. Violence between the two escalated after an August confrontation killed more than 50 people in the same region. Kenya has dispatched hundreds of officers to the area in recent months, but authorities in the east African nation have been criticized for failing to stop the carnage. Read related: Election rekindles memory of Kenyan village's love affair with President Obama .
highlights: At least 19 people killed in two days of violence . The area has seen recent clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes . Both sides have fought for years over grazing rights and water .
id: 55110beb07cfe0d821e08117a1198b3087e05580
chatgpt: At least 19 people have been reported dead in the last two days of violence in Kenya's Tana River region. The area has seen recent clashes between the Pokomo and Orma tribes, both of whom have been fighting for years over grazing rights and water. The conflict has forced hundreds of people to flee their homes, with many seeking refuge in local relief camps. The situation in Tana River has been tense for a while, with sporadic clashes often reported between the two tribes. However, the recent outbreak of violence has been particularly brutal, with both sides using machetes, guns and other weapons to attack each other. The Kenyan government has condemned the violence and dispatched security forces to the area to restore calm. According to local authorities, most of the deaths have occurred in the village of Kibusu, where clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribesmen have been the most intense. Witnesses have described scenes of chaos and bloodshed, with many saying that they are living in fear of further violence. At the center of the conflict is a dispute over grazing rights and water resources. Both the Pokomo and Orma tribes are predominately pastoralist and rely on livestock for their livelihoods. However, as the region's population has grown, competition for resources has become increasingly fierce. Tensions have boiled over in the past, leading to violent clashes that have left dozens dead. The current outbreak of violence is a worrying sign for Kenya, which is already grappling with insecurity in some parts of the country. The government has promised to take decisive action to end the conflict and prevent further loss of life. However, many are skeptical that the authorities will be able to resolve the underlying issues that have led to the conflict, particularly given the complex nature of the dispute over grazing rights and water resources. For now, the people of Tana River can only hope that calm is restored soon and that they can begin to rebuild their lives.