article: The formation that Louis van Gaal started with against Swansea — three central defenders and two wing backs — is a hard enough system for seasoned professionals to get right, let alone a group of youngsters, including a few making their debuts at Old Trafford. I’ve always felt it demands too much of the wing backs, who have to cover so much ground. If their positioning is not spot on, then the central defenders have to react and cover the danger, but this can result in your team shape being dragged from side to side. And that’s exactly what happened to United on Saturday. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Louis van Gaal: Our confidence will be smashed . Shock? Ki (left) celebrates as Swansea go 1-0 up against Manchester United at Old Trafford . Mishaps: The build-up to Swansea's opener highlighted how United were dragged from side to side . There were 29 passes in the Swansea move for the first goal, but it should have been stopped sooner. Ashley Young, playing as a wing back, dropped to full back, which meant he was marking Nathan Dyer (1). Tyler Blackett should have moved across to act as the full back, leaving Young to deal with Swansea right back Angel Rangel. Instead, Darren Fletcher and Ander Herrera were forced to press Rangel (2). Blackett got too tight to Gylfi Sigurdsson but Chris Smalling and Phil Jones needed to move across to cover. They didn’t and they left Swansea acres of room to run into (3). Jubilation: Swansea players celebrate going ahead in the second-half in front of their travelling fans . Down: How United conceded their first goal against Swansea on Saturday at Old Trafford . By the time the ball reached Sigurdsson, the United midfield, who should have been protecting the defence, were nowhere to be seen. With the defenders also out of position, Ki Sung-yueng was left free to fire home from the edge of the area. Three points: Gylfi Sigurdsson wheels away in celebration after scoring the match-winner . Out of position: Manchester United were all over the place for Swansea's second goal on Saturday . Give Van Gaal credit: he saw there were problems and changed to four at the back at half-time. But they were still all over the place for the second goal. Blackett was naive in the extreme to give the ball away with his team-mates out of position. Montero sprang down the left and Smalling went to cover, with Jones moving inside. The United pair should be adept at switching positions but they made a mess of it. Smalling did not do enough to stop the cross (1) while Jones over-covered and got too close to him (2). He should be worrying about what’s coming into the box. When the cross beat Young at the back post (3), and was passed to Sigurdsson, he was free to score with Jones out of position.
highlights: Louis van Gaal started with three centre backs and two wing backs . The system is hard for seasoned professionals, let alone youngsters . United lost their opening Premier League game 2-1 against Swansea .
id: 57300c072b1730bf5c457fbd83077998504679c5
chatgpt: Louis van Gaal’s much-anticipated debut in the Premier League started off with defeat, as his Manchester United side were beaten 2-1 by Swansea on Saturday. Van Gaal gave an immediate insight into his tactics, starting with three centre backs and two wing backs, a system that proved to be a challenge even for seasoned professionals, let alone United’s young and inexperienced players. Van Gaal’s decision to line up with three centre backs meant that Chris Smalling, Phil Jones and debutant Tyler Blackett formed a back three, with Ashley Young and Antonio Valencia operating as wing backs. The new system was designed to allow United to dominate possession and attack their opponents, yet it was not easy to implement, as Swansea gave them a stern test throughout. United were the better side in the opening stages, with Juan Mata going close with an early effort, but Swansea gradually gained control and took the lead through Ki Sung-yueng’s deflected effort. The South Korean midfielder had the simplest of finishes after Wayne Routledge’s initial shot was parried by David de Gea. United’s defense looked fragile and shaky against Swansea’s swift counter-attacks, with the midfield failing to provide any protection. Van Gaal responded by introducing Darren Fletcher for the ineffective Jones, but it was not enough, as Swansea continued to pose a threat on the break. Gylfi Sigurdsson doubled their lead with a spectacular strike from distance, leaving de Gea with no chance in the United goal. United finally found a way back into the game, when new signing Ander Herrera scored with a deflected shot, but it proved to be a mere consolation. United’s fans will be concerned by their team’s performance, as they were outplayed and outmaneuvered by a side that finished only two places above the relegation zone last season. Van Gaal’s new system may take time to bed in, especially with a number of his players away at the World Cup, but there are clearly issues that need to be addressed if they are to challenge for honours this season. The Dutch coach will have to cope without the services of at least two of his first-choice centre backs, with Smalling and Jones both picking up injuries during the game. Van Gaal, however, remained bullish after the match, insisting that his players would get better with time. “There’s a lot of work to do, but I’m very happy with their attitude,” he said. “We played a new system, and it’s difficult, but I’m sure we can improve. The players are willing to work, and that’s a good sign.” It remains to be seen whether United’s fans will be equally as patient, as they watch their team slip further behind their rivals at the start of the season. Van Gaal faces a tough task to rebuild the team, but one thing is certain – there will be more twists and turns to come as the season unfolds.