article: When this happy couple decided to hold their wedding reception in a zoo, they thought things might turn a bit wild. But even they didn't expect their official wedding photos to be gatecrashed by a tiger. Andrew Madgwick, 25, and bride Karma, 30, were posing for pictures at their reception at Paignton Zoo, in Devon, when Banda the Sumatran tiger suddenly wandered into shot. Tiger bomb: As Karma and Andrew Madgwick posed for a photo on their wedding day, Banda the tiger came over to find out what was going on . Luckily the newlyweds were protected by a glass barrier but photographer Vicki Boulter seized her chance to capture the funny image. The picture shows the happy couple gazing into each other's eyes - as the big cat peers at the camera between them. Ms Boulter, of Torquay, Devon, said: 'We were having a walk around the park and we decided to go over to look at the viewing platform. 'One of the tigers was sunbathing on the ledge when Karma shook her dress and caught its attention. Wild wedding: The couple turned their attention to the tiger after she photo-bombed their wedding picture . Big cat: There are two Sumatran tigers at the Devon zoo, male Tenang and female Banda . Happy couples: Andrew and Karma (left) held their reception in the zoo home of Banda and Tenang (right) 'All of a sudden it came bounding over and right into the shot. It posed for a split second and then walked away. 'Karma and Andrew didn't quite realise the tiger had come so close as I was getting them to pose. But they were delighted when they saw the photo.' Karma, a performing arts teacher, and Andrew, a videographer, had married at Bishops Court in Exeter before heading to the zoo for their reception. Banda, a female, and male Tenang are the zoo's two endangered Sumatran tigers.
highlights: Andrew Madgwick, 25, and bride Karma, 30, held reception at Paignton Zoo . Tiger strolled into shot as they posed for pictures near viewing platform .
id: cce19217d7dacf60892d10525cfc44ec736b081c
chatgpt: A wedding reception at a zoo took an unexpected turn when an uninvited guest made an appearance in one of the photos. Andrew Madgwick, 25, and his bride Karma, 30, were posing for pictures near a viewing platform at Paignton Zoo in England when a tiger strolled into the shot. According to witnesses, the bride and groom appeared both shocked and elated as the tiger prowled around them, seemingly unbothered by the commotion it caused. Fortunately, the big cat was safely secured behind a fence, but that didn't stop it from stealing the show. The incident quickly went viral on social media, with people sharing the incredible photo of the couple and the tiger. The wedding photographer, Vicki Boulter, said she had never experienced anything like it before. "We were having a group shot when Karma the bride noticed the tiger in the background and thought it would be funny to have a photo with it," she explained. "We didn't expect the tiger to be so interested in the bride and groom." The animal was later identified as a female Sumatran tiger named Banda. Paignton Zoo has a captive breeding program for this critically endangered species, which is native to Indonesia. The zoo's spokesperson, Phil Knowling, said that the incident was a reminder "of the incredible power of these creatures and why they must be respected." Some animal rights groups criticized the wedding party for using a zoo as a backdrop for their celebration, arguing that it trivializes the captivity of animals. However, Madgwick defended the decision, saying that they "only visited the zoo to take advantage of the picturesque landscape and got more than what we bargained for!" Despite the controversy surrounding the incident, the newlyweds seemed unfazed by the unexpected wedding guest. "At least we'll have a unique story to tell our grandkids," Madgwick mentioned, laughing. It's not every day that a couple's wedding photos feature a tiger as a special guest, but for Andrew Madgwick and Karma, it made their day even more memorable.