article: By . Associated Press . MSNBC is apologizing for a Cinco de Mayo segment that featured a staff member onscreen wearing a sombrero, shaking maracas and taking a swig from a bottle of tequila which was punctuated with 'olé'. The network said on Tuesday the interlude on its Way Too Early show on Monday just before 6am EST featuring correspondent Louis Burgdorf and host Thomas Roberts wasn't intended to be disrespectful. The show apologized online and says it will express its regret on Wednesday on the air. MSNBC has come under fire after one of their hosts donned a sombrero and maracas during a Cinco de Mayo segment on Monday . MSNBC is set to apologize on-air tomorrow for the segment which showed a host Louis Burgdorf swigging from a bottle of tequila . Host Thomas Roberts also danced in circles with maracas in front of a sombrero . During the slot, Burgdorf wanders across the screen wearing a sombrero, shaking maracas and swigging from a bottle of Jose Cuervo tequila - as the network's misguided attempt to point out that Monday was Cinco de Mayo. 'It's also an excuse to drink tequila on a Monday morning at work for Louis,' Roberts said, adding 'you have to drink the whole thing and eat the worm.' He referred to it as his 'go-go juice'. Hugo Balta, president of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists, says it was abominable that the segment was done by a news organization. 'This is simply the worst example I have seen of a discriminatory stereotypical portrayal of any community by any media.' He says it feeds 'the ignorant misconceptions of a rich and proud people who unfortunately are too often portrayed as caricatures to be scoffed at'. The holiday marks an 1862 battle victory by Mexican troops. It is celebrated in the U.S. with parades and revelry. The show's control room got in on the 'festivities' as well as a sombrero was passed around . Hugo Balta, president of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists, said that they MSNBC stunt was 'abominable' Balta says it feeds 'the ignorant misconceptions of a rich and proud people who unfortunately are too often portrayed as caricatures to be scoffed at' Burgdorf, who goes by the handle 'NBCLou', frequently posts photos from his correspondent gigs. He posed up with Moet bottle on the Vanity Fair red carpet this year, which he covered for Morning Joe . Playful: Burgdorf also went to Los Angeles this year to cover the Golden Globes for the network . The man-about-town is no stranger to site gags with alcohol in the past .
highlights: Way Too Early show correspondent Louis Burgdorf danced around in a sombrero, said 'Olé' and swigged from a tequila bottle on Monday morning . Hugo Balta, president of the National . Association of Hispanic Journalists, said 'abominable' stunt feeds 'misconceptions of a rich and proud people... too often portrayed as caricatures'
id: a45dec709a09b9d5bdfeb1044abecb16d80b8f79
chatgpt: In a move that has drawn widespread condemnation, Louis Burgdorf, a correspondent on MSNBC's Way Too Early show, has been filmed wearing a sombrero, saying "Olé," and taking swigs out of a tequila bottle on Monday morning. Hugo Balta, the President of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists, called the stunt "abominable," and criticized it for perpetuating stereotypes that portray an entire people as caricatures. The footage, which has been widely circulated on social media platforms, shows Burgdorf wearing a sombrero and a poncho, with a tequila bottle in his hand. He is surrounded by fellow members of the Way Too Early show, who can be heard laughing and cheering as he drinks from the bottle and says "Olé" several times. The clip, which was posted to Twitter by one of Burgdorf's colleagues, has been viewed over 110,000 times and has attracted significant backlash. Many have criticized Burgdorf, and the wider MSNBC network, for perpetuating harmful stereotypes of Hispanic people. "This is the kind of abominable behavior that perpetuates stereotypes of rich and proud people, who are too often portrayed as caricatures," Balta said in a statement. Balta's comments were echoed by many on social media, with users calling the footage "disrespectful," "offensive," and "problematic." Some questioned why Burgdorf, who is not Hispanic, felt the need to wear traditional clothing and drink tequila on camera. Others pointed out that such stereotypes are harmful because they perpetuate the idea that Hispanic people are only valued for their cultural assets, rather than for their contributions to society more broadly. The backlash has prompted Burgdorf and the Way Too Early show to issue apologies. In a statement, the show said it "sincerely apologizes to those who have been offended by Louis' actions," and added that it "recognizes the importance of respecting different cultures and appreciates the richness and diversity of the Hispanic community." Burgdorf himself also issued a statement on Twitter, saying he was "sorry for any offense caused" and that he "had no intention of perpetuating harmful stereotypes." Despite the apologies, however, many have called for more action to be taken by MSNBC, and have demanded that Burgdorf be held accountable for his actions. Some have called for the network to issue a formal apology, or to take disciplinary action against Burgdorf. Others have argued that the incident highlights the need for more diverse representation in media, and for journalists to be educated about issues of cultural sensitivity and appropriateness. Overall, the incident has sparked a wider debate about the role of media in perpetuating harmful stereotypes, and about the need for greater cultural sensitivity and awareness. Many hope that the backlash will lead to a wider recognition of the importance of respecting different cultures, and of the need to move beyond caricatures and stereotypes in media representations of different communities.