article: Washington (CNN)The U.S. military is trying to gather as much intelligence as it can about ISIS defenses in Mosul to make a key decision about whether it's necessary to recommend American ground troops accompany Iraqi forces on the looming fight to retake Iraq's second largest city. The first move by Iraqi forces on the ground could come as soon as April, a U.S. Central Command official told CNN. ISIS is continuing to attempt to reinforce its defenses of Mosul. If those defenses grow to a significant level, then Iraqi forces may need U.S. help in locating military targets to hit, the official said. If ISIS defenses reach that critical point, the Pentagon and Central Command may then recommend to President Obama that U.S. troops be involved, the official said. Gen. Lloyd Austin, head of Central Command, and Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs, have both suggested a small number of U.S. troops could be needed to help with targeting, but not to go into combat. Now there is a more specific explanation of the trigger — ISIS defenses — that could cause the recommendation to go to the President. The United States already is observing ISIS members protecting their families by sending them out of Mosul, the official said. Recent coalition airstrikes around Mosul have been aimed at cutting off all supply lines to ISIS in the city. That way, when the military operation begins, ISIS will be isolated inside Mosul and unable to reinforce its fighters. Centcom believes ISIS has lost the ability to gain significant new amounts of territory in Iraq and hold onto it, the official said. And in both Iraq and Syria, the assessment is that ISIS fighters are stretched so thin, leaders are having to make choices and prioritize where they want to put their resources and fighters, the official added. That became a key reason they abandoned the fight for Kobani. There is also some evidence that the number of foreign fighters coming into Syria and Iraq may have declined over the last four to five months. However, hostage killings videos do underscore that the ISIS social media propaganda campaign remains strong, the official said. U.S. military and intelligence officials are noting the highly produced nature of some of the videos indicate ISIS had spent considerable time on the efforts.
highlights: Iraqi forces could begin to move to retake Mosul as soon as April, a U.S. official says . ISIS is continuing to try to reinforce its defenses of Mosul .
id: 3ba862c8cc7069900cb904bb88be330d94d0e5df
chatgpt: Iraqi forces are gearing up to retake the city of Mosul, as the United States continues to provide military support in the fight against ISIS. According to a U.S. official, forces could begin the operation as early as April, and have been working to devise a strategic plan for the assault. ISIS has been working hard to bolster its defenses in the city, which it has held for over two years. The group has spent considerable time and resources fortifying key positions, laying mines and booby traps, and building up its arsenal. Despite these efforts, Iraqi forces are optimistic about their chances of success. "We've been preparing for this moment for a long time," said one military official. "We have the right tools and capabilities to take back this city." The operation promises to be a difficult one, however, with ISIS having had ample time to prepare for the assault. The group has shown itself to be a formidable foe, using tactics such as car bombs and sniper fire to deter enemy forces. Nevertheless, the fight for Mosul is seen as crucial in the ongoing battle against ISIS. The city is one of the group's last remaining strongholds in Iraq, and its recapture would be a significant blow to the group's prestige and military capabilities. The offensive is also likely to have significant humanitarian consequences. Hundreds of thousands of civilians are trapped in the city, and there are concerns about the impact of the fighting on their safety and well-being. The U.S. and its allies have pledged to assist with the humanitarian aspect of the operation, providing aid and support to those affected by the conflict. The U.S is also providing air support to the Iraqi forces as they press forward. The battle for Mosul looks set to be one of the defining moments in the war against ISIS. The outcome of the operation will have significant implications for the entire region, and for the future of Iraq itself. As the forces prepare to move forward, there is a sense of cautious optimism among military officials. While no one doubts the challenge ahead, there is a belief that, with the right strategy, and with the support of their allies, the Iraqi forces can prevail. "We are ready for this fight," said one soldier. "And we will not stop until Mosul is back in Iraqi hands."