article: A U.S. soldier charged with plotting to blow up troops from the nation's largest Army post has been found guilty of a battery of federal charges, prosecutors announced Thursday. Naser Jason Abdo was found guilty of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, attempted murder of federal employees, and weapons charges, the U.S. attorney's office in Waco, Texas, said. Prosecutors said the 22-year-old private first class wanted to bomb a restaurant frequented by soldiers from Fort Hood, in Killeen, Texas. Special coverage: The Fort Hood shootings . Abdo was absent without leave from Fort Campbell, Kentucky, when he was arrested in Texas in July 2011. Prosecutors said he was in the process of building a bomb when he was caught. The Muslim-American paratrooper had been granted conscientious objector status after refusing to deploy to Afghanistan. In May 2011, he was charged with possession of child pornography, and went AWOL the following month. Judge wants to see tapes of alleged Gitmo abuse . In a November interview with CNN affiliate WSMV in Nashville, Tennessee, Abdo said he originally planned to attack his own post, hoping to kill "a high-ranking member of my chain of command" who had served in Afghanistan. But he said he went AWOL after military police learned he had visited gun stores and bought a variety of tools he planned to use in that attack, including a cattle prod, handcuffs and shovels. Instead, he turned his attention to Fort Hood, where another Muslim-American soldier, Army Maj. Nidal Hasan, is accused of gunning down 13 comrades and wounding more than 30 others. "I felt like the only way to freedom or justice was martyrdom," Abdo told WSMV.
highlights: Naser Jason Abdo was arrested in Texas in July . Prosecutors said he planned to bomb a restaurant near Fort Hood . Abdo faces a possible life sentence with his conviction .
id: 42392071b50bfae1abf72fff28fa4efa0145224a
chatgpt: Naser Jason Abdo, a 22-year-old soldier, was arrested in Killeen, Texas, on July 27, 2011. According to prosecutors, Abdo was planning to bomb a restaurant near Fort Hood, the same military base where 13 people were killed by a fellow soldier in a 2009 shooting rampage. Abdo had been declared a conscientious objector and had refused to deploy to Afghanistan with his unit. He had also been put under investigation after child pornography was found on his government computer. He had gone AWOL from Fort Campbell, Kentucky, and had been living in a hotel near Fort Hood when he was arrested. When police searched Abdo's hotel room, they found bomb-making materials, including gunpowder, shotgun shells, and pressure cookers, which he planned to use to make explosives. He had also bought a uniform and a wig to disguise himself as a restaurant employee, and had studied the layout of the restaurant where he planned to carry out the attack. On May 24, 2012, Abdo was convicted of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction, attempted murder of U.S. soldiers, and other charges. He faced a possible life sentence for his crimes. During the trial, Abdo represented himself and argued that his actions were motivated by his opposition to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. However, the jury rejected his defense and found him guilty on all counts. On August 10, 2012, Abdo was sentenced to life in prison without parole. The judge called Abdo a "clear and present danger" to the United States and said he had shown no remorse for his actions. The attempted bombing by Naser Jason Abdo near Fort Hood was a reminder of the ongoing threat of terrorism in the United States. The swift action by law enforcement officials prevented a potential tragedy and ensured that Abdo was brought to justice for his actions.