article: By . Simon Tomlinson . PUBLISHED: . 11:21 EST, 25 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:23 EST, 25 January 2013 . A Somali terror group today said its Christian enemies had closed its Twitter account which it used to parade hostages, mock rivals and claim responsibility for bombings and assassinations. Al Shabaab's social networking account, which has thousands of followers, was offline today with a message saying: 'The profile you are trying to view has been suspended'. It was not immediately clear why the account, which was created in 2011 under the HSM PRESS Twitter handle, was suspended. The account was still unavailable as of 1233 GMT. Tool for terror: Somali militants have accused their Christian enemies of closing its Twitter account which it used last week to announce the execution of captive French agent Denis Allex (pictured) Gruesome: Al-Shabaab tweeted this and two more pictures of what they say is a soldier killed in attempt to free a French intelligence officer held hostage by the islamist group . On Wednesday, the al Qaeda-aligned rebels used the social media site to threaten to kill several Kenyan hostages and on January 17 announced the execution of a captive French agent after a French commando mission to rescue him failed. 'The enemies have shut down our Twitter account,' al Shabaab's most senior media officer, who refused to be named, told Reuters. 'They shut it down because our account overpowered all the Christians' mass media and they could not tolerate the grief and the failure of the Christians we always displayed (online).' Al Shabaab wants to impose their strict version of sharia, or Islamic law, across Somalia. However, it has lost significant territory in the southern and central parts of the country in the face of an offensive by African Union troops. Down and out: Al Shabaab's account, which has thousands of followers, was offline today with a message saying: 'The profile you are trying to view has been suspended' Taunting: A member of militant islamist group Al Shabab, which controls much of southern Somalia (file photo) Twitter said it does not comment on individual accounts and the Kenyan government denied it had filed any request for the account to be taken down. 'It's an emphatic no. We would not try to negotiate or have anything to do with the Al Shabaab. We didn't even know the account was suspended,' said government spokesman Muthui Kariuki. Al Shabaab posted on the account on Wednesday a link to a video of two Kenyan civil servants held hostage in Somalia, telling the Kenyan government their lives were in danger unless it released all Muslims held on 'so-called terrorism charges' in the country. 'Kenyan government has three weeks, starting midnight 24/01/2013 to respond to the demands of HSM if the prisoners are to remain alive,' the group said. Despite the closure of the Twitter account, al Shabaab said it would continue to 'display the loss and grief of Christians no matter what means we use,' al Shabaab's spokesman said.
highlights: Account offline today with message saying: 'The profile has been suspended' Al Qaeda-aligned rebels used site on Wednesday to threaten to kill hostages . Also announced murder of French agent and posted images of dead soldiers .
id: 17e4884f1c6eb5cdae8bca6b30f163ca873be5b4
chatgpt: A major online account that had been used by Al Qaeda-aligned rebels to spread messages of violence and fear was taken offline on Thursday. The page, believed to be run by a group calling itself the Jund al-Khilafah, had been used to announce the murder of a French agent and to post images purportedly showing dead soldiers. The account was suspended just one day after it was used to threaten the lives of hostages being held by the group. The suspension, which was announced to the group's more than 1,000 followers, came with a message reading "The profile has been suspended." It is unclear whether the action was taken by the group's hosting service or by law enforcement authorities, but experts believe that it is a significant blow to the group's propaganda effort. Jund al-Khilafah is believed to be an offshoot of Al Qaeda that emerged in Algeria several years ago. Since then, it has been involved in a number of violent attacks in the region, including the killing of a French hiker earlier this year. The group is also known to have links to other Al Qaeda-affiliated groups in the region, including those in Mali and Libya. The group's use of social media to spread its message has been particularly effective, with the Jund al-Khilafah Twitter account amassing over 1,300 followers in a matter of weeks. However, this success has also made it more vulnerable to detection and disruption by law enforcement authorities. The group's most recent tweets, issued on Wednesday, contained graphic images of dead soldiers and a statement announcing the murder of a French agent. The tweets also contained threats to kill hostages being held by the group. The hostages, reportedly a Romanian and a Swiss national, had been abducted in Algeria earlier this year. The suspension of the group's account is likely to be welcomed by authorities in Algeria and France, both of whom have been working to prevent the spread of Al Qaeda-linked violence in the region. However, experts warn that other extremist groups may seek to use social media to spread their message, making it difficult for authorities to prevent the spread of violent ideas online. The Jund al-Khilafah case also raises broader questions about the role of social media in modern conflict. While platforms like Twitter and Facebook have been hailed as tools for social change and political activism, they have also been used by extremist groups to spread fear and violence. As the world becomes more interconnected and more dependent on social media for communication, authorities will need to find new ways to monitor and regulate online activity in order to prevent the spread of extremist ideas. In the meantime, the suspension of Jund al-Khilafah's Twitter account is likely to be seen as a small but important victory in the fight against Al Qaeda and its affiliates. While the group may continue to operate in other ways and via other platforms, the disruption of its social media presence will make it more difficult for it to spread its message of violence and fear.