article: Given that they died in combat, it seems almost appropriate that auctioneers plan to make a killing from these two dinosaurs. Described as ‘possibly the most amazing fossil in the world’, the bones of the dinosaurs who fought to the death 65million years ago are expected to fetch a record-breaking £6million at auction in November. They were unearthed in Montana in 2006 and depict a ‘sensational prehistoric death match between predator and prey’. Death match: The fight between the predator nanotyrannus (left) and the relative of the triceratops (right) have been preserved in the fossil. The pair are believed to have died after the region in which they roamed was hit by an earthquake . The predator nanotyrannus, a 24ft-long cousin of the tyrannosaurus rex, left teeth embedded in the neck of a plant-eating triceratops, who in turn left its opponent with a large dent in its skull. It is thought the pair fought before being buried by an earthquake. The Bonham’s auction house in New York describes the fossil as ‘breathtaking’ and adds: ‘The remarkable state of the skeletons indicates the pair was buried very shortly after the fatal struggle.’ Manchester University palaeontologist Philip Manning said the lot was ‘possibly the most amazing fossil in the world’. He added: ‘It was a bad day for both of them. If you’re cornered by a top predator you will do everything you can to stop yourself being eaten. You will fight.’ Speaking at the British Science Festival in Newcastle, he called on museums to pool their resources to buy the fossil, which could otherwise be locked in a private collection. He said: ‘This fossil would make the centrepiece of any museum and really deserves a very public home.’ Battle: An artist's depiction of a nanotyrannus, right, attacking a triceratops. Paleontologists have called on museums to pool their resources to buy the important fossil .
highlights: The fossil of the duelling dinosaurs - dubbed the 'most amazing in the world' - was unearthed in Montana in 2006 . Predator nanotyrannus left teeth embedded in neck of a plant-eating triceratops, which smashed the others skull . Believed the pair of dinosaurs were fighting before being buried in an earthquake .
id: 394324186d50ca7127f14385ae5fdded4f53fdce
chatgpt: In 2006, paleontologists made a stunning discovery in Montana that has since been dubbed the "most amazing in the world." They uncovered a fossil of two dueling dinosaurs that had been buried together in what is believed to be an event triggered by an earthquake. The discovery has provided scientists with a unique opportunity to study the behavior and biology of these two creatures that are estimated to have lived 66 million years ago. One of the dinosaurs was a predatory Nanotyrannus, whose teeth were still embedded in the neck of its victim, a plant-eating Triceratops. The Triceratops, in turn, had smashed the skull of the Nanotyrannus with its powerful horns before both were buried in the event. This suggests that the two dinosaurs were engaged in a fierce battle before they met their tragic end. The discovery of the dueling dinosaurs has provided scientists with valuable insights into the behavior and biology of these ancient creatures. It is believed that Nanotyrannus was a smaller cousin of the more famous Tyrannosaurus rex, and its discovery has prompted a reassessment of its relationship with its larger relative. The findings have also stirred debate among scientists, as some have questioned whether Nanotyrannus was a separate species or simply a juvenile T. rex. The Triceratops, on the other hand, is one of the most iconic creatures of the late Cretaceous period. The discovery of this specimen has provided scientists with valuable information about its anatomy and behavior. It is also the first evidence of a Triceratops engaging in combat with its predators. This suggests that these animals may have been more aggressive and territorial than previously believed. The fossil of the dueling dinosaurs is currently on display at the Houston Museum of Natural Science, where it continues to captivate visitors and scientists alike. The discovery has been hailed as one of the most significant in the history of paleontology, providing a rare glimpse into the lives of these incredible creatures that roamed the earth millions of years ago.