article: A 35-year-old firefighter has suffered severe burns fighting an out-of-control bushfire in South Australia. The man is believed to have fallen from the back of a ute and suffered burns to 70 per cent of his body. He has been airlifted by helicopter to Adelaide for treatment, while the blaze continues to rage in South Australia's mid-north. Scroll down for video . Smoke bellows from an uncontrollable bushfire in Nantawarra, 20 kilometres north of Port Wakefield . Country Fire Service announced to police on Friday that a serious bushfire was burning out of control at Nantawarra, and travelling in a southeasterly direction . CFS has advised the fire poses a grave threat to lives and homes in the surrounding areas . Country Fire Service announced to police on Friday that a serious bushfire was burning out of control at Nantawarra north of Port Wakefield Township near Pipeline Road. They have deployed 55 firefighters to combat the blaze on the ground, which is travelling in a southeasterly direction toward the towns of Whitwarta, Bowmans and Balaklava, and has already burned through more than 1400 hectares of stubble. There are reports of several other injuries in resulting from the fire, Nine News reports. There is a serious risk to lives and homes, and residents should only leave now if there is a clear path to safety, the CFS says. Country Fire Service spokesman Brenton Eden says the man has been airlifted by helicopter to Adelaide for treatment. 'We believe (he) is a farmer operating on a private farm fire unit,' he told ABC radio. 'Two other firefighters are believed to have been burnt in this incident and we're just finding out details of those.' There is a risk to lives and homes, and residents should only leave now if there is a clear path to safety, the CFS says. They have deployed 55 firefighters to combat the blaze on the ground, which is travelling in a southeasterly direction toward the towns of Whitwarta, Bowmans and Balaklava . A 35-year-old firefighter, believed to have fallen off teh back of a ute, has been airlifted by helicopter to Adelaide for treatment . Country Fire Service have said there is a serious risk to lives and homes, and they have advised people in the surrounding areas to seek shelter . There are significant road closures  on Beaufort Road, Dixon Road and the Augusta Highway . Homes that are actively defended are advised to offer safety to those in need. Police have advised people in the threatened areas to take shelter and protect themselves when the fire arrives. The blaze is believed to have started at about midday on Friday, though a cause has not yet been determined. A cool change is expected to bring rain at 6pm.
highlights: A 35-year-old firefighter has been airlifted by helicopter to Adelaide for treatment . The bush fires is burning out of control at Nantawarra, South Australia, in the state's mid-north . The fire is burning quickly in a south-easterly direction . Authorities say there is a 'a grave risk to lives and homes' There are reports of other injuries resulting from the fire . Police have advised people to take shelter as conditions worsen .
id: 2d9489f269106d9e3356ef2a4cf38881b96d5b82
chatgpt: A 35-year-old firefighter has been airlifted to Adelaide for urgent medical treatment after sustaining injuries while battling a bushfire in Nantawarra, South Australia.  The fire is currently burning out of control and authorities have issued warnings of a "grave risk to lives and homes". The blaze is moving rapidly in a south-easterly direction, making it difficult for firefighters to contain.  There have been reports of other injuries resulting from the fire, however, details of the injuries remain unknown. Police have advised residents to take shelter as conditions worsen. Emergency services have been working around the clock to contain the blaze, but strong winds and high temperatures have made the firefighting efforts incredibly challenging.  South Australia's Country Fire Service (CFS) have issued a warning to residents, urging them to stay alert and listen for updates from emergency services. "Anyone in the vicinity of the fire should remain vigilant and stay informed about the situation," they said in a statement.  The CFS has also advised residents to avoid the area if possible and to have an emergency survival kit ready at hand. "You should be ready to put your Bushfire Survival Plan into action," the statement said. The Australian Defence Force has also been called in to assist with the firefighting efforts. A spokesperson for the ADF said that personnel and equipment had been mobilized to provide support to the CFS in their efforts to contain the blaze. News of the bushfire has sparked concern among residents and authorities alike, as Australia continues to grapple with devastating wildfires that have caused significant damage to the country's flora and fauna.  Environmentalists have criticized the government's handling of the bushfire crisis, claiming that the government has been slow in addressing climate change, which many believe to be a contributing factor to the bushfire crisis.  Government officials have defended their actions, insisting that they are doing everything in their power to tackle the crisis. Prime Minister Scott Morrison has pledged to provide additional funding to assist with the firefighting efforts and to provide support to those affected by the bushfires. In the meantime, emergency services continue to work tirelessly to contain the blaze and ensure the safety of residents in the affected areas. Authorities have advised residents to remain vigilant and to take all necessary precautions to ensure their safety.