article: (PEOPLE.com) -- The pivotal sex scene in the new "Twilight" film, "Breaking Dawn -- Part 1" is so steamy that the MPAA originally gave the film an R rating, according to its star Kristen Stewart, who says even she was shocked by what her character does between the sheets. "There are two big sex scenes in the two [final] films, and we did them fairly early," Stewart, 21, tells the U.K. edition of Glamour. "It was so weird, it didn't even feel like we were doing a scene within a 'Twilight' film. I was like, 'Bella! What are you doing? Wow! What is happening here?!' It was very surreal." Off-screen, Stewart's sex life is also of interest, particularly her relationship with "Twilight" costar Robert Pattinson, which Glamour describes as "likely-but-never confirmed-nor-denied." Though the actress -- who's currently shooting "Snow White and the Huntsman" -- certainly isn't a fan of such attention, she seems to take it in stride. "People can say whatever they want," she says, calling the interest "totally understandable. But when it's personal to you, it's like your life becomes a product, and I'm repelled by that. I don't like to give away gems that people are gonna be like, 'Oh my God!' So I'll always just shrug it off. In fact, I always find it kind of funny, and not just with Rob." Only 17 when she was first cast as Bella Swan in the "Twilight" saga, Stewart says she's finally starting to feel comfortable doing interviews, but that it's "a fair assessment" to say she often comes off as shy and nervous in public. "I was young, not expecting it and trying way too hard to be 'not fake,' " she says. And as far as the devotion from her fans, Stewart says it's something she can relate to. "There are definitely people that kind of lose it and get very emotional," she says. "But recently, I met [musician] Jenny Lewis, and I had the most ridiculous experience. I was so embarrassing, I couldn't speak. It was eye-opening, actually." See the full article at PEOPLE.com. © 2011 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Kristen Stewart says even she was shocked by what her character does between the sheets . Off-screen, Stewart's sex life is also of interest . She is currently shooting "Snow White and the Huntsman"
id: a7b0806deb5c6d277dfb7f7ff0eab2eba9a50398
chatgpt: Actress Kristen Stewart, who is currently shooting the movie "Snow White and the Huntsman," has expressed surprise at some of the actions of her character in the script. Stewart plays Snow White in the film, and apparently some of her scenes in bed were more risque than she had anticipated.  "I gotta say, I was a bit taken aback when I read the script and saw what my character gets up to under the covers," said Stewart when asked about the steamy scenes. "It's definitely not what I expected, but I'm excited to tackle the challenge and really bring the character to life." The actress has been known to take on challenging roles in the past, including playing real-life historical figures in "The Runaways" and "Personal Shopper." However, even she admits that the explicit nature of her Snow White scenes took her by surprise. Off-screen, Stewart's personal life has also been the subject of much media attention. The star, who shot to fame for her role as Bella Swan in the "Twilight" franchise, has been linked to a number of co-stars and high-profile figures.  Most recently, Stewart has been rumored to be dating her "Snow White and the Huntsman" co-star, Chris Hemsworth. While neither actor has confirmed the relationship, they have been spotted getting cozy on set and at public events. Despite the attention on her private life, Stewart remains focused on her career and bringing her characters to life. "I'm just here to do my job and tell the story," she said. "Whatever happens outside of that is just noise." "Snow White and the Huntsman" is set to hit theaters in the summer of 2022. With Stewart's talent and dedication to her craft, audiences can expect a captivating performance from the actress as she takes on this latest challenge.