article: By . Sami Mokbel . Follow @@SamiMokbel81_DM . Tottenham are closing in on a £35million double swoop for Morgan Schneiderlin and Jay Rodriguez as Southampton’s exodus continues. The White Hart Lane club are in advanced talks over moves for the duo and are hopeful of completing a deal by the end of the week. Should Spurs’ attempt to sign the pair prove successful, Rodriguez and Schneiderlin would take the total of high-profile exits from St Mary’s to seven. VIDEO Scroll down for Southampton fan begs Arsene Wenger not to sign Schneiderlin . Unhappy Saint: Schneiderlin is ready to follow Pochettino out of St Mary's to join Spurs . Out the door: Rodriguez is also on the verge of a move to Tottenham as the Saints exodus continues . Dejan Lovren, Adam Lallana and Rickie Lambert have joined Liverpool, Luke Shaw has moved to Manchester United and Calum Chambers completed his switch to Arsenal on Monday. So far, new Saints boss Ronald Koeman has signed just two players Dusan Tadic from FC Twente and Feyenood’s Graziano Pelle. However, Saints executive director Les Reed moved reassure fans, saying: 'It is important in the transfer window to remain calm, resilient and above all patient. We have targets and we are working hard to get them across the line. ‘Our position remains unchanged in that we are determined to keep our best young players at the club. 'We have an abundance of talent in the . academy coming through, and everybody at the club is continuing to work . hard on bringing in quality new players as we build a team capable of . taking us further forward in the coming seasons.' International honours: The Southampton midfielder was in the France squad for the World Cup . Schneiderlin, 24, represented France at this summer's World Cup and has attracted interest from Arsenal, although he is understood to favour a move to Spurs so he can work with Mauricio Pochettino again. The former Argentina international is also in for Rodriguez, despite the England forward currently being sidelined by an anterior cruciate ligament injury. The 24-year-old has been at St Mary's since joining from hometown club Burnley two years ago and made his Three Lions debut in November's friendly against Chile. Their exits would be another hammer blow to recently-appointed manager Ronald Koeman, who is also expected to sell disruptive club-record signing Dani Osvaldo in the coming weeks. Gaffer: The pair could be reunited with former boss Mauricio Pochettino, who is now Spurs boss . VIDEO After Chambers leaves the Saints, see how Southampton's 2013/14 line-up has been affected . Big fan: Schneiderlin (right) has praised his former manager and looks set to join him at Tottenham .
highlights: Schneiderlin and Rodriguez could follow Adam Lallana, Dejan Lovren, Calum Chambers and Rickie Lambert out the door . Pair could link up with former boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham . Saints are thought to be asking for £27million for Schneiderlin . New boss Ronald Koeman has signed Dusan Tadic joining from FC Twente before Graziano Pelle arrived from his former club Feyenoord .
id: 172b6dd7cd16bca1ebcc657985da7edb14682a11
chatgpt: Southampton is facing the possibility of losing two more key players as Morgan Schneiderlin and Jay Rodriguez are being linked with a move to Tottenham. This is comes on the heels of the departure of four players, namely Adam Lallana, Dejan Lovren, Calum Chambers and Rickie Lambert, over the summer. Schneiderlin, the sought-after midfielder, has also reportedly attracted interest from Arsenal, Manchester United and Liverpool, but it is believed that Tottenham are the front-runners to land the player. The Saints are said to be demanding £27million for the French international, who was one of the standout performers last season. Rodriguez, who missed much of last season with an injury, is also thought to be on Tottenham's radar. The striker, who scored 17 goals in all competitions in the 2013/14 season, has been linked with moves to Liverpool and Manchester City in recent months. The duo could be reunited with their former boss Mauricio Pochettino if they decide to move to Tottenham. Pochettino, who was appointed as Tottenham's new manager earlier this summer, left Southampton after a successful two-year spell in charge. He has already made a big impact at Tottenham, signing a number of new players, including Ben Davies, Eric Dier and Federico Fazio. Southampton's new boss Ronald Koeman has been active in the transfer market as well, bringing in Dusan Tadic from FC Twente and Graziano Pelle from Feyenoord. Tadic is considered a direct replacement for Lallana, while Pelle will provide competition for Rodriguez and new signing Shane Long up front. Despite losing a number of key players, Southampton are still determined to compete in the Premier League this season. The Saints finished in eighth position last season, their highest finish in the Premier League, and will want to build on that success. Southampton, who have a reputation for producing talented young players, are also keen to promote from within. Koeman has already given opportunities to some of the club's youngsters, including James Ward-Prowse, Matt Targett and Harrison Reed, who have all featured in the first team this season. Southampton face tough fixtures in the coming weeks, with games against Arsenal, Manchester United and Tottenham coming up. The Saints will be hoping to continue their unbeaten start to the season and show that they are still a force to be reckoned with in the Premier League.