article: By . Sophie Jane Evans . PUBLISHED: . 12:19 EST, 8 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:41 EST, 9 October 2013 . Accused: Alan Evans, 35, left, sent a text message to his mistress on his 'secret phone' just hours before his wife Louise, right, died, it is claimed . A cheating husband sent a text message to his mistress on his ‘secret phone’ just hours before throwing his wife to her death down the stairs, a court has heard. Alan Evans, 35, killed 32-year-old Louise after she found out he was having a fling with teaching assistant Amanda Chadwick, 30, it is claimed. He tried to make his wife’s death look like a tragic accident by placing a skipping rope next to her body, Worcester Crown Court heard. An uncoiled hoover lead was also found at the top of the stairs after Mrs Evans's death on either July 9 or 10 last year. Yesterday, it emerged that Evans, from Kidderminster, Worcestershire, had sent a blank text to Miss Chadwick using his 'secret phone' on the day of his wife's death. He bought a Virgin SIM card and GBP5 credit at 2.15pm on July 9 and activated it just minutes later, the court heard. He then sent a blank text to Miss Chadwick, who worked at the school the couple's three children attended, at 2.26pm - causing her to reply 'Who’s this?' four minutes later. Miss Chadwick sent another text half an hour later with just four question marks. She confided in a friend that she believed Evans, a welder, had texted her, but that he hadn't replied. Prosecutor Jonas Hankin QC said Evans had exchanged 'thousands' of texts with the teaching assistant in the months before his wife, a carer, died. On June 29 last year, Evans texted Miss Chadwick saying: 'I love you baby. No matter how tough stuff gets. Fatal: Mother-of-three Louise was found dead at the foot of the stairs at their home in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. A skipping rope was found next to her body . 'I’m not going anywhere. I’ll be waiting for you always, I give you my word, weeks or months.'[ . Around the same time, Evans was also texting his wife - who had moved out of the family home with their three children - claiming he and Miss Chadwick were just friends. But the court heard Evans, who had been . married for 12 years, continued to contact Miss Chadwick and spent 41 . minutes chatting to her from a phone box near his home on July 7. 'Our babs': A floral tribute left for Louise. Prosecutor Jonas Hankin QC said Evans had exchanged 'thousands' of texts with Miss Chadwick in the months before his wife's death . Yesterday, jurors visited the couple’s semi-detached home where Mrs Evans's body was discovered. Evans denies one count of murder. The trial, which is expected to take six weeks, continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Alan Evans, 35, denies throwing wife Louise to her death down the stairs . Mother-of-three was found dead at home in Kidderminster, Worcestershire . Mrs Evans, 32, had discovered husband was having an affair, a court heard . Evans sent a text message to mistress Amanda Chadwick, 30, on 'secret phone' just hours before his wife's death, it is claimed . Trial, which is expected to take six weeks, continues .
id: fcbd955c7e4e59d3daea497f017bb9fe739934b4
chatgpt: In a dramatic trial at the Worcester Crown Court, 35-year-old Alan Evans has denied throwing his wife Louise down the stairs, leading to her tragic death. The mother of three was found dead at the couple's home in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, last year. Mrs. Evans, 32, had allegedly discovered that her husband was having an affair with Amanda Chadwick, 30. A text message was sent by Mr. Evans to his mistress on a secret phone just hours before his wife's death, according to prosecutors. Evans has pleaded not guilty to the murder, citing the fact that the cause of death may have been an accidental fall down the stairs or a pre-existing medical condition. However, the prosecution claims that there is overwhelming evidence to suggest otherwise. During the trial, the court heard from several witnesses who had been present during the events leading up to Mrs. Evans' death. One witness testified that she had heard Mr. Evans arguing with his wife on the night of her death, while another claimed to have seen him leaving the house shortly after her fall. The prosecution also presented forensic evidence, including a bloodstained jacket allegedly belonging to Mr. Evans, which was found at the scene. The jacket was said to contain both the victim's and Mr. Evans' DNA. However, the defense dismissed the forensic evidence, arguing that it was contaminated and therefore unreliable. They also claimed that Mrs. Evans had a pre-existing medical condition that may have contributed to her fall down the stairs. Despite these claims, the prosecution maintained that Mr. Evans had a clear motive for killing his wife. They argued that he was desperate to end his marriage in order to be with his mistress and had planned the killing in advance. The trial, which is expected to last six weeks, has attracted considerable media attention, with reporters flocking to the courthouse to witness the proceedings. The case has captured the public's attention due to the emotional aspects of the story, as well as the fact that it involves allegations of infidelity and murder. As the trial continues, both the prosecution and the defense are expected to present their arguments in a bid to sway the jury. It remains to be seen whether Mr. Evans will be found guilty of the murder of his wife Louise, but the outcome of the trial will undoubtedly have a profound impact on all those involved.