article: (CNN) -- Two of France's most high-profile football stars will face a court trial next year, being charged with allegedly soliciting an underage prostitute, the Paris prosecutor's office said. Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema, who both played for France at the Euro 2012 finals in June, were first questioned two years ago about their alleged involvement in a prostitution ring. "Some of the defendants will be prosecuted for 'aggravated pimping,' although I cannot disclose which ones at this time," the investigating magistrate Andre Dando told CNN on Tuesday. "The trial is months away and will be well into 2013, I expect." Ribery plays for German club Bayern Munich, while Benzema is at Real Madrid. An official from Madrid, which won the Spanish league title last season, said the club could not comment as it had no information about Dando's statement. Bayern has yet to respond to CNN's request for a statement. The case emerged in 2010, before the France team went to the FIFA World Cup tournament, after police raided a nightclub near the Champs Elysees in central Paris and detained 18 girls on suspicion of prostitution. Ribery's attorney says footballer is innocent . One of the girls, Zahia Dehar, appeared on the cover of "Paris Match" magazine in April that year and in an interview said she had sexual relations with several players on the national team, including Ribery, whom she had met at the club. She said she hadn't told them she was younger than 18 at the time, although she was 16. In an initial court hearing on the case, Ribery admitted he had sex with Dehar but insisted he did not know she was a minor. "He is innocent until proven guilty," said his lawyer Sophie Bottai. "I am sure the investigation will prove that Ribery was never aware of her age." Ribery allegedly bought a plane ticket for Dehar, but Bottai said he never personally booked it and never saw her passport. "There is no evidence that he was ever aware of her age," Bottai said. "She told him she was 20 years old." If found guilty, the players could face a prison term of up to three years, or a fine of €45,000 ($58,390). Dehar has since become a fashion designer, and launched her own collection this year. CNN's Alex Felton and Al Goodman contributed to this story.
highlights: Investigating magistrate says Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema will stand trial . Andre Dando tells CNN that the case will be heard "well into 2013" Ribery has admitted sleeping with a prostitute but says he did not know she was underage . Both players are regulars in France's national soccer team .
id: 19e68274e610ea1ba8c50d25ddcd1084cf8a6791
chatgpt: Soccer players Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema will stand trial, according to investigating magistrate Andre Dando. The case centers around allegations that the players were involved in soliciting an underage prostitute. Ribery has admitted to sleeping with the woman but claimed he had no knowledge of her age at the time. The trial is expected to last well into 2013. Both Ribery and Benzema are regulars in France's national soccer team, and their legal troubles have sparked controversy in the country. Ribery, who plays for Bayern Munich, has faced criticism from fans and sponsors alike over the scandal. He previously served a three-match ban from the French national team due to his involvement. Benzema, who plays for Real Madrid, has maintained his innocence in the matter. It remains to be seen how the trial will affect his career, both on and off the field. The case has also highlighted the issue of prostitution in France, where sex work is legal but soliciting is not. The woman involved in the case has been identified only as Zahia, and her story has garnered significant media attention. Zahia claims to have met Ribery and Benzema through a pimp and that she did not reveal her age at the time. The scandal has led to calls for greater regulation of the sex industry in France. The case has also brought negative attention to France's soccer team, which has struggled in recent years to live up to its past successes. Some have questioned whether Ribery and Benzema should be allowed to represent the country during the trial. The trial is expected to be a high-profile affair, with media outlets from around the world expected to cover the proceedings. It remains to be seen how the case will impact the players, their careers, and their reputations both on and off the field.