article: Baghdad (CNN) -- The Islamic State of Iraq has claimed responsibility for Thursday's attacks in that country that killed dozens of people and wounded hundreds more. The umbrella group, which includes al Qaeda in Iraq, issued an audio message that was posted on an al Qaeda-linked website. "Shiite forces have been conducting campaigns, targeting Sunni people inside their homes day and night," the group's spokesman, Abu Mohammed al-Adnani, said in the message. "I am calling on Sunni people in Iraq to wake up before it's too late and put their hands with the jihadis' hands and stand against the Shiite campaign," he said. Al-Adnani added a warning that "the gates of hell have opened" and that the Islamic State of Iraq "will carry out more attacks in the near future by suicide bombers, car bombs and roadside bombs." He specifically threatened that the group will track down Shiite judges and investigators. The series of explosions and shootings Thursday killed at least 44 people and wounded more than 200 in Baghdad and elsewhere, police said. While most of the Baghdad attacks targeted majority Shiite neighborhoods, explosions also took place in the majority Sunni provinces of Salaheddin, Diyala, and Mosul. The country has seen more coordinated attacks since U.S. troops withdrew from Iraq at the end of 2011, the official said. An Iraqi government spokesman declined comment Thursday. The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said it "strongly condemns" the terrorist attacks. "These heinous acts targeted people going to work and shopping, children going to school and security forces working to protect the citizenry," the embassy said, adding the attacks were "targeted at all the people of Iraq in a desperate effort to undermine Iraqi society and its institutions." The United Nations' Assistance Mission in Iraq also condemned the violence "in the strongest possible terms." "The continuing violent attacks on Iraqis are totally unacceptable and have to stop," said Martin Kobler, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general, in a statement. The attacks "are meant to hinder the achievement of national unity and stability," he said. Iraq's Sunni, Shiite and Kurdish leaders have squared off in recent months after an arrest warrant was issued for Tariq al-Hashimi, the country's Sunni vice president. Al-Hashimi is accused of organizing his security detail into a death squad that targeted government and military officials. The warrant was issued shortly after the vice president's Sunni-backed Iraqiya party said it would boycott Parliament, saying Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process. Al-Hashimi last week denied the charges in a televised speech, saying the Iraqi judicial council is under the control and influence of the central government and that the charges are "politically motivated." Iraqi officials expressed concern Thursday that the violence could cast a shadow over Iraq's hosting the next Arab summit on March 29. The government said earlier this month that logistical and security arrangements had been agreed upon for the event.
highlights: The Islamic State of Iraq claims responsibility for Thursday's attacks . The group includes al Qaeda in Iraq . The group threatens to track down and target Shiite officials .
id: 94f0984eed25b199e560b73182fb36703f71f874
chatgpt: The Islamic State of Iraq has claimed responsibility for the multiple attacks that occurred on Thursday. The extremist group, which includes al Qaeda in Iraq, has vowed to continue attacking Shiite officials in an effort to make their presence known and instill fear. The attacks were carried out in several cities throughout Iraq and targeted government and security officials. Witnesses reported a series of explosions that rocked the capital city of Baghdad, including one at a popular marketplace that killed dozens of people. Other incidents included a car bombing in the city of Kirkuk, and an attack on a police station in the city of Samarra. Following the attacks, the Islamic State of Iraq released a statement in which they claimed responsibility and warned that they will continue to target Shiite officials. The group also stated that they have sleeper cells operating throughout Iraq, and will not hesitate to use them to carry out attacks. This latest wave of violence comes at a time when Iraq is grappling with political instability and sectarian tensions. The country has been beset by violence since the US-led invasion in 2003, with much of the violence resulting from the ongoing conflict between Sunni and Shiite factions. Iraqi officials have condemned the attacks and vowed to bring those responsible to justice. However, many Iraqis are skeptical of these promises, as recent attacks have gone unsolved and many people believe that the government is unable to protect its citizens. The United Nations has also condemned the attacks, with Secretary-General António Guterres stating that the targeting of civilians is unacceptable and a violation of international law. He also expressed his condolences to the families of the victims and called for the perpetrators to be brought to justice. The Islamic State of Iraq has been responsible for a number of deadly attacks in recent years, many of which have targeted Shiite Muslims. The group has also carried out attacks against Western targets, including the 2015 Paris attacks that left 130 people dead. The group's activities have been curtailed in recent years due to military interventions by Iraqi and coalition forces. However, the group still poses a significant threat to stability in the region and has shown that it is willing to use violence to achieve its goals. As Iraq struggles to cope with the aftermath of these attacks, many are calling for greater political stability and a coordinated effort to combat extremism. However, with tensions between different factions still running high, it remains to be seen whether such efforts can be successful in the long term.