article: (CNN) -- Novelist Michael Peterson walked out of a North Carolina jail Thursday, eight years after he was convicted of murdering his wife. A jury convicted Peterson in October 2003 of murder, siding with prosecutors who argued he had bludgeoned Kathleen Peterson to death in the stairwell of their Durham home. But on Wednesday, Judge Orlando Hudson ruled that Peterson deserved a new trial and finding that North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation agent Duane Deaver had misled jurors about bloodstain evidence. Deaver was fired by the agency last January. Peterson addressed the press after being released Thursday on bond. "I have waited over eight years -- 2,988 days as a matter of fact ... for an opportunity to have a retrial," Peterson said, while surrounded by family. "I want to thank Judge Hudson for giving me that opportunity so that I can vindicate myself and prove my innocence, in a fair trial this time." His son, Clayton Peterson, told CNN affiliate WRAL that he was happy to hear Thursday that his father could get out of jail -- in contrast to his feelings after the verdict came down. "I sort of went numb, just like I did when I heard guilty," he said. "I love Kathleen more than anything, but he didn't do it. He told me, and I know it and I believe it with my heart." But Caitlin Atwater, Peterson's stepdaughter, was far less enthusiastic in her remarks. "My thoughts, as always, are focused on the loss of my Mom -- a wonderful, beautiful and vibrant person," Atwater said. "She meant much to Durham and everything to me. Michael Peterson is still charged with her murder, and this is still in the hands of the justice system." Peterson, now 68, had made a frantic 911 call on December 9, 2001, about his wife of five years. Police initially believed Kathleen Peterson died as a result of an accidental fall down a flight of stairs, but the sheer volume of blood at the scene and a coroner's report that she had several head lacerations changed their minds. Sixty-five witnesses testified, and more than 800 pieces of evidence were presented, over the course of Peterson's three-month trial in 2003. The jury of five men and seven women deliberated 15 hours over five days before reaching their decision. According to the North Carolina Department of Correction's website, Peterson has had eight infractions since being incarcerated -- including four last year alone, with two for disobeying an order and one each for creating an "offensive condition" and theft of property. His books include "The Immortal Dragon," "Charlie Two Shoes and the Marines of Love Company" and "A Time of War." Peterson's attorney, David Rudolf, predicted that the next trial will be "very very different" than the first one. "Some of the evidence that was introduced at the first trial simply will be inadmissible," Rudolf told HLN's Vinne Politan on Thursday. "Second of all, Duane Deaver was all over that scene for days and days."
highlights: NEW: Peterson's attorney says "Duane Deaver was all over that scene for days" NEW: Peterson's son lauds the judge's decision, yet his stepsister is more guarded . In 2003, a grand jury convicted Michael Peterson of murdering his wife . A judge has granted him a new trial, saying an agent had misled jurors in his testimony .
id: e0ca32b67619064dd1e76b218d36d692051ea052
chatgpt: After serving more than 15 years in prison for the murder of his wife, Michael Peterson was granted a new trial by a judge in Durham, North Carolina. The decision came after the defense team presented evidence showing that an agent had misled jurors during the original trial. Peterson's attorney, David Rudolf, made a statement outside the courthouse following the ruling, pointing out that it was the actions of State Bureau of Investigation (SBI) Agent Duane Deaver that led to the conviction. "We are very pleased that the court agreed with us that Mr. Deaver misled the jury," Rudolf said. "Duane Deaver was all over that scene for days." During the trial, Deaver testified that a particular pattern of blood spatter found at the scene could only have been produced if Peterson had beaten his wife to death. However, it was later discovered that Deaver had falsified his qualifications and misrepresented the science behind his testimony. While Peterson's son, Clayton Peterson, has expressed joy at the news of his father's new trial, his stepsister, Caitlin Atwater, has been more reserved in her reaction. Atwater has said that she hopes that justice will finally be served, but that she wants to avoid getting ahead of herself. "I just want to take things one step at a time," she said. The case against Peterson began in 2001 when his wife, Kathleen Peterson, was found dead at the bottom of the staircase in their Durham home. At the time, Peterson claimed that she had fallen down the stairs, but investigators soon became suspicious and eventually charged him with murder. The first trial ended in a mistrial in 2003 when the jury could not reach a verdict. However, a grand jury later indicted Peterson on charges of first-degree murder, and he was ultimately convicted and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Now, with a new trial looming, both sides are preparing for what promises to be a contentious and closely-watched legal battle. Rudolf has promised to present new evidence and witnesses that he says will prove Peterson's innocence, while prosecutors are likely to continue to focus on the evidence from the original case. For Peterson, the possibility of a new trial brings both hope and uncertainty. "Obviously, we're happy with the decision," he said in a statement released by his legal team. "But this is just the first step. We know that we still have a long road ahead of us." As for the Peterson family, they are simply relieved that the case is not over yet. "I've always believed in my dad's innocence," Clayton Peterson said. "Now, finally, we have a chance to prove it." Whether or not justice will be served in this high-profile case remains to be seen, but one thing is certain: the eyes of the world will be watching as the proceedings unfold.