article: By . Rob Waugh . PUBLISHED: . 05:09 EST, 10 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:48 EST, 10 April 2012 . Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: AOL said it was selling more than 800 patents related to advertising, search, e-commerce and mobile to Redmond, Washington-based company, surprising investors with the size of the deal . Technology patents are big business as giants such as Apple and Amazon battle to ban each others products - and Microsoft may have laid hands on the H-bomb of the 'patent wars'. The Windows giant beat Facebook, Amazon, eBay and other tech heavyweights to buy AOL's patent 'trove' for more than $1 billion. AOL said it was selling more than 800 patents related to advertising, search, e-commerce and mobile to Redmond, Washington-based company, surprising investors with the size of the deal and sending AOL shares up more than 40 percent. Spokesmen for Google, Facebook, eBay and Amazon were not immediately available for comment. A final buyer was selected late on April 5, Armstrong said. The sale includes technology rights from AOL's current and former businesses, ranging from Netscape, ICQ and MapQuest to CompuServe, Advertising.com and others, according to a source close to the matter. The sale process, which AOL Chief Executive Tim Armstrong described as a 'full-blown dynamic auction,' started last fall after board approval. Armstrong said he made a call to Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer alerting him of the decision to sell the patents. The auction included e-commerce companies Amazon and eBay, both of which have been largely absent from the recent patent wars, as well as Google and Facebook, according to the source. Technology companies in recent years have sparked a frenzy for patents, bidding up prices in a defensive move to keep competitors at bay. The AOL deal is one of the larger patent auctions in recent times, representing roughly $1.3 million per issued patent, according to the source. An employee of South Korean mobile carrier KT holds a Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet (front) and Apple Inc's iPad tablet: The two companies have been involved in a bitter international battle over alleged similarities between the two devices . AOL's share price has risen 40% after news of the deal . That compares with the bankrupt Nortel Networks patent auction last year - considered a blowout $4.5 billion sale of its 6,000 patents - for roughly $1.05 million per issued patent, the source said. The Nortel deal sparked a wave of patent sales and litigation and played a part in AOL's decision to launch a patent auction. Google is in the process of buying Motorola Mobility Holdings for $12.5 billion mainly for its intellectual property. Google also acted as the stalking-horse bid for Nortel Networks' wireless patents. Microsoft was part of the group led by Apple Inc that won the Nortel patents. Yahoo has launched a lawsuit against rival Facebook for patent infringement involving advertising.
highlights: Patents cover search, e-commerce and mobile technologies . Bidding war between eBay, Facebook and Amazon .
id: 815c4aeb6b625f4ed976c304cb7ec0746e7c55c2
chatgpt: A fierce bidding war has taken place between three of the biggest names in the tech industry - eBay, Facebook and Amazon. The reason? Patents. These patents cover a range of technologies, including search, e-commerce and mobile. With the rise of online shopping and the increasing number of people using mobile devices to make purchases, these patents have become incredibly valuable. So valuable, in fact, that eBay, Facebook and Amazon have been locked in a bidding war, with each company putting in bids worth millions of dollars. The bidding started when the patents were put up for sale by a company called Eolas Technologies Inc., and it quickly became clear that eBay, Facebook and Amazon were the main contenders. The patents in question are said to cover a wide range of technologies, including methods for searching, organizing, and categorizing data, as well as mobile shopping and payment processing. They have the potential to give the companies that own them a significant advantage over their competitors. The bidding war has been closely watched by industry insiders, who are eager to see which company will come out on top. So far, no one has been able to predict who will win, but the high stakes and intense competition have made this one of the most exciting bidding wars in recent memory. Experts say that the winner of the bidding war will be in a very strong position to dominate the e-commerce and mobile markets. They will have access to the technology and intellectual property needed to stay ahead of the competition and provide customers with new and innovative ways to shop online. While eBay, Facebook and Amazon all have different strengths and weaknesses, they are all competing fiercely for the patents. Each company has its own unique vision for the future of e-commerce and mobile, and each believes that owning these patents will help them achieve their goals. The bidding war is expected to continue for some time, with the final price for the patents likely to exceed the initial estimates. It's a clear indication of just how valuable intellectual property has become in the tech industry, and how willing companies are to spend big in order to secure an advantage over their competitors. In the end, it remains to be seen who will come out on top. But one thing is for sure - the winner of this bidding war will play a major role in shaping the future of e-commerce and mobile technology.