article: Conor McGregor delivered a warning to Jose Aldo as he weighed in for his fight with Dennis Siver. The Irishman tipped the scales at the featherweight championship limit of 145lb ahead of the clash at the TD Garden in Boston on Sunday night. And after a tetchy face-off with his German opponent, McGregor had a few words for the long-reigning champion. VIDEO Scroll down for weigh-in highlights . Conor McGregor weighed in on the featherweight limit for his fight with Dennis Siver in Boston on Sunday . McGregor is one victory away from a shot at the UFC title and is a heavy favourite to beat German Siver . 'The Irish invasion continues,' he said. 'That's 145; that's championship weight. Tell Jose I'm coming.' McGregor, who has won all four of his fights in the UFC, will take on Aldo if he comes through against Siver. Dublin's Croke Park, with a capacity of more than 80,000 is one possible venue, as is Las Vegas. Earlier in the evening, however, Aldo took the opportunity to remind McGregor just who reigns in the division. A relaxed McGregor took photos with fans as he looked forward to his fifth fight with the UFC . The Irish contingent has taken over Boston with several thousand expected to travel over to Boston . 'I'm the champion and he's the clown,' he said. 'After I beat him, I'm still the king and he's still the court jester. 'It's going to be really exciting time for me. Its going to be great to fight Conor McGregor in Ireland and it's going to be even more exciting for me to shut you guys up. 'I don't think he'll ever be ready for me. I've fought better opponents and more qualified opponents. 'My prediction is that I'll beat him in every round and finish him.' Featherweight champion Jose Aldo was the guest fighter and had some words of warning for McGregor . Aldo has reigned for more than four years and is one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the UFC .
highlights: Conor McGregor weighed in on the featherweight limit of 145lb . The Irishman takes on German Dennis Siver in Boston on Sunday night . Victory for McGregor will set him up for a title shot against Jose Aldo . That fight could take place in front of 80,000 fans at Dublin's Croke Park .
id: cf796ad2847d96a48943dc541cca12d5b5da4643
chatgpt: In a press conference held in Boston earlier today, Conor McGregor, the former UFC Featherweight Champion and one of the biggest names in MMA, spoke to the media about his upcoming fight against German fighter Dennis Siver. McGregor, who has been making headlines recently for his trash-talking and bravado, took a more measured tone today as he discussed his weight and his hopes for the future. "The featherweight limit of 145lb is a tough weight cut, there's no denying that," McGregor said. "But I'm a professional, and I know what it takes to make weight. I'm confident that I'll be able to come in on target for this fight, and then it's all about getting the job done against Siver." The Irishman, who has won 15 of his 17 professional fights by knockout, is widely considered one of the most exciting fighters in the sport. His brash attitude and explosive style have made him a fan favorite, and his victory over Siver on Sunday night will put him one step closer to a title shot against current champion Jose Aldo. "If I beat Siver, which I fully expect to do, then it's on to Aldo," McGregor said. "I've been waiting for this shot for a long time, and I know I have what it takes to beat him. And if we fight in Dublin, in front of 80,000 of my fellow countrymen, it's going to be something special." The possibility of a fight between McGregor and Aldo at Dublin's Croke Park has been a hot topic in the MMA world for months. The Irishman's popularity has skyrocketed in his homeland, and a title fight in front of such a massive crowd would be a career highlight for McGregor. "I've said it before and I'll say it again – I am the biggest draw in this sport," McGregor said. "I sell out arenas, I bring in the fans, and I put on a show every time I step into the Octagon. This is my time, and I'm going to make the most of it." Fans around the world will be tuning in on Sunday night to see McGregor take on Siver, and if he can get the win, it'll be exciting to see what the future holds for the Irish superstar.