article: Manuel Pellegrini will decide who he will axe from Manchester City's Champions League squad to make way for new man Wilfried Bony on Tuesday. Up until recently it was assumed that stand in right back Bacary Sagna would be the automatic choice to drop out as the club submit their 21-man squad to Uefa. But a sterling performance in the 1-1 draw at Chelsea has improved the Frenchman's chances of dodging a bullet. Manuel Pellegrini must decide who will drop out of his Manchester City squad to accommodate Wilfried Bony . Man City right back Bacary Sagna is among the possible candidates who could lose his European spot . Manchester City have had their 2014-15 Champions League squad cut from 25 players to 21 after breaching financial Fair Play rules . Attention has now shifted to fringe strike pair Stevan Jovetic and Edin Dzeko. In recent times Montengro international Jovetic has had more game time than the big Bosnian, who was linked with a £12million deadline day switch to Fenerbahce which failed to materialise. None of City's four 'homegrown' players, Joe Hart, James Milner, Frank Lampard or Gael Clichy will be considered along with 'club-trained' Belgian defender Dedryck Boyata as the Etihad side have to meet their quota. Dzeko has struggled this season and is unlikely to be amused with a lack of playing time. Other options for Pellegrini include dropping stand-in goalkeeper Willy Caballero although that is unlikely. If Sagna was to miss out, Milner could fill in as a back-up to Pablo Zabaleta. Outsiders for the chop include Jesus Navas and Aleksandar Kolarov but both are considered unlikely options along with the prospect of leaving Bony out himself as he finds his feet following his move from Swansea City. Stevan Jovetic or Edin Dzeko are now the front-runners to lose their spot to new City team-mate Bony .
highlights: Manuel Pellegrini is to make decision on final Champions League squad . Bacary Sagna was thought to be the leading contender to lose spot . However attention has now shifted to Stevan Jovetic and Edin Dzeko . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
id: 9f4b8a7db23b72b819ee5ba9d9cc29db8c2c53aa
chatgpt: Manchester City manager, Manuel Pellegrini, is facing a difficult decision regarding his final squad for the upcoming Champions League campaign. With the transfer window now closed, Pellegrini must select just 25 players, with several high-profile names expected to miss out. Initially, right-back Bacary Sagna was believed to be the most likely player to lose his spot, given the competition from Pablo Zabaleta and the emergence of Kyle Walker-Peters. However, recent rumors suggest that attention has shifted to Stevan Jovetic and Edin Dzeko. Jovetic, a 27-year-old striker, has struggled to make an impact since his move to City in 2013. Despite showing flashes of brilliance, injuries and competition from Sergio Aguero, Wilfried Bony, and Kelechi Iheanacho have limited his game time. With the recent arrival of Gabriel Jesus, Jovetic's future at the club looks uncertain. Similarly, Dzeko has found himself down the pecking order at City. The Bosnian striker, who scored 72 goals in 189 appearances for the club, is now 31 and has struggled for form since returning from a loan spell at Roma. City's record signing, Aguero, remains the first-choice striker, with Jesus and Bony also vying for game time. Pellegrini will be hoping that his selection for the Champions League squad will galvanize the team, as they look to win the competition for the first time in their history. With a squad full of world-class talent, City will be favorites to progress from their group, which includes Borussia Monchengladbach, Celtic, and Barcelona. Fans can keep up to date with all the latest Manchester City news by clicking the link above. With the transfer window closed, Pellegrini's squad is now set, and it remains to be seen who will make the final cut for the Champions League campaign. Whatever happens, City fans will be hoping that the team can perform to their best in Europe's premier club competition.