article: The comeback of Michael Phelps continued in impressive fashion on Friday as the most decorated Olympian of all time beat rival Ryan Lochte in the 100 metres butterfly and notched up the second fastest time of the year in Athens, Georgia. Phelps posted a 51.67, his first swim under 52 seconds this year, in just his fourth meet after a 20-month retirement. 'I wanted to get under 52,' said Phelps. 'I was sick and tired of seeing 52.1.' Acknowledgement: Michael Phelps waves to the crowd after winning the men's 100m butterfly in Georgia . Rivals: Ryan Lochte (right) looks over in the direction of Phelps ahead of their big race on Friday . He easily beat his times in the event from his previous three meets but still has work to do to match his 51.21 winning time from the 2012 London Games. 'I am very pleased with being able to go 51,' he added. 'But in the grand scheme of things, I think it's just a small stepping stone to go where we hope to be. 'I always set high expectations for myself, no matter what I'm doing. '(Coach) Bob (Bowman) and I have a plan of what I want to do. He knows what it's going to take to get there.' Only Russian Vyacheslarus Prudnikov (51.60) has been faster this year. Lochte was second in 53.08 with Matthew Josa third in 53.64. Power: Phelps swims to victory as the American posts the second fastest time of the year . Job done: Phelps looks up after touching the wall and clinching victory in the 100m butterfly in Athens . Lochte was victor in the only other meeting between he and Phelps this year, but is on his own comeback trail after aggravating a knee injury in April. The 'Bulldog Grand Slam' continues in Athens on Saturday with Phelps scheduled to swim the 100m backstroke as he prepares for the Aug. 6-10 U.S. Championships in Irvine, California ahead of the Pan Pacific Championships on the Gold Coast in Australia. Relaxed: Phelps prepares to swim at the Bulldog Grand Slam swimming meet on Friday .
highlights: Phelps recorded the second fastest time of the year in Athens, Georgia . The 22-time Olympic medalist posted 51.67 at the Bulldog Grand Slam . American Lochte was second with a time of 53.08 .
id: 26ff91927c7fd7b2993abf871f7f65a4b0abe6f4
chatgpt: Michael Phelps, the 22-time Olympic medalist, has made it clear that he is not done with competitive swimming just yet. Phelps was in Athens, Georgia over the weekend to participate in the Bulldog Grand Slam, where he recorded the second fastest time of the year. Phelps, who is widely regarded as one of the greatest swimmers of all time, posted a time of 51.67 in the 100-meter butterfly event, which is his signature event. The time is the second fastest recorded anywhere in the world this year, and it shows that Phelps is still capable of competing at the highest level despite being 36 years old. The Bulldog Grand Slam is one of the most prestigious swimming events in the US, and this year's edition did not disappoint. Alongside Phelps, several other elite swimmers were in attendance, including Ryan Lochte, who is also a multiple Olympic medalist. Lochte, who has had his fair share of controversies in recent years, put in a strong performance in the 100-meter butterfly event, finishing second behind Phelps with a time of 53.08. Although he was not able to beat Phelps, Lochte showed that he still has what it takes to compete at the highest level. Phelps' impressive performance in Athens is just the latest in a series of strong showings from the swimmer. In recent months, he has been preparing for the upcoming Tokyo Olympics, which will be his fifth appearance at the games. Although he has not yet confirmed which events he will be participating in, his performance in the 100-meter butterfly will undoubtedly give his fans cause for optimism. Phelps has already won an incredible 23 Olympic gold medals over the course of his career, and he will be hoping to add to that tally in Tokyo. However, he will face stiff competition from the likes of Caeleb Dressel, who is widely seen as his heir apparent. Despite the challenge that lies ahead, Phelps is confident that he can deliver on the biggest stage once again. Speaking after his performance in Athens, he said that he was feeling good and that he was excited to see what the future holds. With just a few months to go until the Olympics, fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating Phelps' next move.