article: By . Rob Waugh . PUBLISHED: . 06:51 EST, 28 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:18 EST, 28 March 2012 . Britain's Advertising Standards Authority said that it was assessing a number of complaints that Apple's advertising for the new iPad was misleading. Apple has offered a refund to all Australian buyers of the new tablet in response to pressure from a consumer watchdog. One model of the tablet claims that it is '4G' - but it will not work with Australian 4G networks. There is no national 4G network in Britain - and it's uncertain whether the planned networks will even work with Apple's machine when they do appear. The new tablet is labelled as '4G' - but the connection won't work in many countries including the UK . 'All UK ads should avoid containing anything that is likely to mislead,' says a spokesperson. 'The Advertising Code states that ads must not mislead the consumer by omitting material information or by presenting it in an unclear, unintelligible or ambiguous way. 'Without going through due process we can't say whether the ad is likely to be problematic. If anyone has concerns about the iPad ad then they can lodge a complaint with us and we will establish whether or not there is a problem under the Code.' Apple will email all Australian buyers of its new iPad to offer them a refund, a lawyer for the company said today. The move came after the nation's consumer watchdog accused it of misleading advertising over one key aspect of the product. The . Australian Competition and Consumer Commission has taken legal action to . ensure Apple makes consumers aware its third-generation iPad cannot . connect to a 4G mobile data network in Australia due to technical . incompatibility. Apple . promoted its third-generation tablet as the iPad with Wifi+4G, but . Australia has only one 4G network, operated by Telstra Corp, which . operates on a different frequency to the 4G on Apple's new iPad. The . consumer watchdog argues that Apple's advertising was misleading and . wants the court to force the company to correct its ads, refund any . affected buyers and impose penalties. Apple . barrister Paul Anastassiou told the Federal Court in Melbourne that the . company would send emails to all Australian buyers to date, offering . the refund. The new iPad was launched in stores only this month. Passers-by look at Apple's new iPad in a window display at an Apple store in Sydney. The company has now said it will issue a refund to all buyers . While . the iPad is the clear market leader, and the new version with its . faster chips, fourth-generation wireless and a sharper display is only . expected to cement Apple's lead, the company has hit some bumps in the . road.
highlights: Authority investigating a number of complaints . Advertising claims tablet offers super-fast 4G connection . There is no national 4G network in the UK .
id: ebff9ccbf02b0c09adc9ec8ea0ba6a99d656c17c
chatgpt: The authority in charge of regulating advertising in the United Kingdom is investigating a number of complaints made against a tablet manufacturer over the use of the term "super-fast 4G connection." The manufacturer claimed that their tablet could connect to a 4G network, despite the fact that there is no national 4G network currently available in the UK. Several customers filed complaints with the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA), claiming that the manufacturer's advertising was misleading. The manufacturer's website stated that the tablet had a "super-fast 4G connection" and that it was "perfect for streaming video and downloading large files." However, the customers who filed the complaints said that they were unable to use the tablet to its full potential because there was no 4G network available. According to the ASA, advertisers must be able to substantiate any claims they make in their advertising. If a claim is found to be misleading or cannot be substantiated, the advertising must be removed. The authority has asked the tablet manufacturer for evidence to support its claims of a super-fast 4G connection. This investigation comes at a time when many consumers are frustrated with the slow rollout of 4G networks in the UK. While some cities and towns have access to 4G, there is no national 4G network yet. This has led to confusion among consumers who may not understand the limitations of their devices. In order to address this issue, the ASA has been working with the UK's major mobile network operators to establish guidelines for advertising 4G services. These guidelines are meant to ensure that consumers are not misled by claims of 4G connectivity when there is no national network available. While the tablet manufacturer in question is being investigated, other companies are also being scrutinized for their advertising claims. In recent months, several mobile network operators have been accused of misleading customers by claiming that their services were faster or more reliable than they actually were. The ASA has been actively enforcing its guidelines for advertising 4G services, and has already taken action against several companies. In one case, a mobile network operator was required to amend its advertising after the ASA found that it had exaggerated the speed and coverage of its 4G network. As the rollout of 4G networks continues, it is likely that more companies will come under scrutiny for their advertising claims. The ASA is urging companies to be transparent and honest in their advertising, and to ensure that their claims can be substantiated. In the meantime, consumers should be aware of the limitations of their devices and should not rely solely on advertising claims when making purchasing decisions. While a device may claim to have a super-fast 4G connection, it may not be able to deliver on that promise if there is no national 4G network available.