article: By . James Chapman . UPDATED: . 02:33 EST, 17 November 2011 . She famously pledged to go ‘on and on’. Now it has emerged that Margaret Thatcher considered staying on as Prime Minister even after being ousted as Conservative leader. Baroness Thatcher’s former political secretary, John Whittingdale, made the extraordinary revelation as he delivered the Speaker’s lecture on great parliamentarians in the House of Commons. Revelations: Margaret Thatcher 'briefly toyed' with staying as Prime Minister even after losing the leadership bid, according to John Wittingdale (right) Mr Whittingdale, now chairman of the Commons culture committee, said she ‘briefly’ toyed with staying as Prime Minister even after losing the Conservative Party leadership in 1990. ‘She always said she had never been defeated by the people,’ the MP  told an audience at the Speaker’s House. ‘She had only been defeated by her colleagues in the House of Commons and she felt very strongly that it was an act of great disloyalty and betrayal. 'She even briefly thought about whether or not she could continue as Prime Minister without being leader of the Conservative Party. 'Over-emotional': Lord Tebbit criticised Meryl Streep's portrayal of Margaret Thatcher (pictured) ‘This was not an entirely practical . idea but she did feel very strongly that it  was improper that she had . been forced to leave office on that basis.’ Mr . Whittingdale insisted Lady Thatcher only considered the idea fleetingly . –  though constitutionally, there would have been nothing to stop her . refusing to resign as Prime Minister even if someone else had been . elected as Tory leader. He said that at the time of her brutal exit from Number Ten, she had been  playing a key role in the build up to the first Gulf War and was also leading international efforts to win freedom for people in eastern Europe. ‘I think it entered her head very briefly and those of us who were present soon  persuaded her this was not a sensible idea,’ Mr Whittingdale said. ‘But what you have to understand is that . . . she was very angry. I don’t  think it was a serious possibility.’ Mr Whittingdale described the ‘extraordinary night’ her leadership collapsed as she failed to win an outright victory in a leadership vote, and decided to withdraw rather than face a second. ‘I left Downing Street at 2am after working on what we all knew would be her final speech. The next day she gave a vintage performance, an absolute defence of everything she had achieved as Prime Minister.  I have to admit I sat with tears rolling down my cheeks,’ Mr Whittingdale said. There is renewed interest in Lady Thatcher’s premiership thanks to the film The Iron Lady, starring Meryl Streep. But former Tory chairman Lord Tebbit criticised her portrayal, saying: ‘She was never in my experience the over-emotional, over-acting woman portrayed by Meryl Streep,’ he said.
highlights: Former political secretary makes revelation during lecture . Iron Lady considered carrying on as PM without being Tory leader .
id: db9a0b26f704798633edbcfc42b249e0e1bfdeba
chatgpt: During a recent lecture, a former political secretary made a surprising revelation about Britain's first female Prime Minister. The Iron Lady, as she was famously known, had allegedly considered carrying on as Prime Minister even without being the leader of the Conservative Party.  The revelation was made by Lord Robin Butler, who worked as a political secretary for Margaret Thatcher during her time at 10 Downing Street. He was speaking at a lecture organized by the Margaret Thatcher Foundation, which was attended by several politicians, journalists, and academics. According to Lord Butler, the idea of Thatcher continuing as Prime Minister without being the Tory leader was raised in 1989, towards the end of her third term in office. At the time, there were growing concerns about Thatcher's leadership, with some members of the Conservative Party criticizing her policies and style. Butler revealed that the suggestion was made by Sir Charles Powell, Thatcher's foreign policy adviser, and was seriously considered by the Prime Minister. However, the plan was ultimately dismissed, mainly due to opposition from within the Conservative Party. The revelation has sparked a renewed interest in Thatcher's political legacy, particularly her leadership style and her relationship with the Conservative Party. Thatcher is widely regarded as one of the most influential British politicians of the 20th century, with her policies and reforms transforming the British economy and society. However, her leadership was also marked by controversy and criticism, particularly towards the end of her time in office. Many members of the Conservative Party felt that Thatcher had become too authoritarian and that her policies had alienated large sections of the British public. The suggestion that Thatcher considered continuing as Prime Minister without being the Tory leader sheds new light on her leadership style and personality. It suggests that Thatcher was willing to take risks and act outside the traditional bounds of party politics, which is in line with her reputation as a tough and independent-minded leader. However, the episode also highlights the limitations of Thatcher's leadership, particularly in terms of her ability to manage internal party politics. The fact that the suggestion was ultimately dismissed due to opposition from within the Conservative Party suggests that Thatcher was not as in control of her party as some might have assumed. Overall, Lord Butler's revelation has added a new chapter to the political legacy of Margaret Thatcher, one of Britain's most iconic political figures. It has sparked a renewed interest in her leadership style and the relationship between the Prime Minister and her party, and has reminded us of the complex and sometimes fraught nature of British politics.