article: (CNN) -- A Catholic hospital in hot water for claiming in a Colorado court that a fetus is not a person backtracked on Monday, saying it was "morally wrong" to make the argument while defending itself in a wrongful death lawsuit. The flip-flop concerns the case of Lori Stodghill. She was 28 weeks pregnant with twins when she went to the emergency room of St. Thomas More Hospital in Canon City, Colorado, vomiting and short of breath. She went into cardiac arrest in the lobby and died. That was New Year's Day 2006. Her husband, Jeremy Stodghill, sued the hospital and its owner, Catholic Health Initiatives, for the wrongful deaths of his wife and their unborn sons. Given the Catholic Church's belief that life begins at conception, defense attorneys for the hospital and doctors then entered an unusual argument. Proposal would give way out of birth-control coverage . They said that under state law, an embryo is not person until it is born alive. The claim attracted widespread attention and criticism, which apparently forced the about-face. "In the discussion with the Church leaders, CHI representatives acknowledged that it was morally wrong for attorneys representing St. Thomas More Hospital to cite the state's Wrongful Death Act in defense of this lawsuit. That law does not consider fetuses to be persons, which directly contradicts the moral teachings of the Church," Catholic Health Initiatives said in a statement. It promised that attorneys for the hospital would not cite the Wrongful Death Act in any future hearings. Stodghill has petitioned the Colorado Supreme Court to hear his case. The state's bishops similarly released a statement, expressing support for CHI and for the Stodghill family. "We join CHI in affirming the fundamental truth that human life, human dignity and human rights begin at conception. No law can ever mitigate God-given human rights," they said. "Each human life is a sacred gift, created as a unique and unrepeatable expression of God's love. Life is given by God, and the right to life is a fundamental good, without which no other rights can be enjoyed." Before and after Roe v. Wade . CNN's Dana Ford, Ben Brumfield and Kyung Lah contributed to this report.
highlights: Catholic hospital reverses stance in case of Lori Stodghill, who died there . Her husband sued the hospital on behalf of his wife and their unborn twins . Attorneys for the hospital argued in court that a fetus is not a person .
id: 677a5487af2bfa9b38b4a8d4d62082488960dbb0
chatgpt: In a stunning reversal, the Catholic hospital that declined to save the life of Lori Stodghill and her unborn twins has now settled a lawsuit brought by Stodghill's husband, Jeremy, for an undisclosed sum. The hospital, St. Thomas More Hospital in Canon City, Colorado, had originally argued in court that a fetus is not a person, and thus had no obligation to save the lives of the twins, who died in utero, along with their mother. The case began in 2006, when Lori Stodghill was 31 years old and 28 weeks pregnant with her twins. She went to the emergency room at St. Thomas More Hospital complaining of shortness of breath and vomiting. She suffered a cardiac arrest in the ER and died, along with her unborn children. Jeremy Stodghill filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the hospital, arguing that his wife and their twins would be alive today if the hospital had provided appropriate medical care. The hospital's attorneys argued that Colorado law does not recognize fetuses as persons, and thus the hospital had no duty to provide medical care to the unborn twins. The trial court agreed with the hospital's attorneys, and dismissed the lawsuit. But the Colorado Court of Appeals overturned that decision, ruling that the hospital may have had a duty to provide medical care to the twins if they had been viable outside the womb. The hospital then appealed to the Colorado Supreme Court, which declined to hear the case. That left the hospital with one option: settle with Jeremy Stodghill. In a written statement, St. Thomas More Hospital said it regretted its original position in the case. "We acknowledge that the arguments we made in this case were mistaken and we apologize for the distress and confusion we have caused to Mr. Stodghill and others," the statement read. Jeremy Stodghill said he was pleased with the settlement, but added that he wished the hospital had acknowledged its mistake earlier. "It shouldn't have taken nine years to come to this conclusion," he said. The case has raised questions about the obligations of Catholic hospitals, which are bound by Catholic doctrine that forbids abortion and other forms of medical care that could harm a fetus. Critics say that Catholic hospitals put their religious beliefs ahead of their patients' medical needs, and that patients may not be fully informed of their limited medical options when seeking care at such facilities. The Stodghill case is just one example of the conflict between Catholic hospitals and patients' rights. As more and more hospitals are affiliated with religious organizations, these conflicts are likely to become increasingly common.