article: By . Simon Cable . PUBLISHED: . 19:06 EST, 2 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:06 EST, 2 October 2013 . If anyone knows how hard it is to make a fortune, it’s former Dragons’ Den star Theo Paphitis, who clawed his way up from humble beginnings as a tea boy. Which is why the retail tycoon won’t be depriving his children of their multi-million pound inheritance, fearing they wouldn’t be able to cope without the luxury lifestyle he has given them. Paphitis, 54, who is worth £180million, said he disagrees with other millionaires such as his former co-star on the BBC2 show Duncan Bannatyne, who insist they won’t pass on their fortune to their children because it would ‘ruin’ them. Traditionalist: Dragon Theo Paphitis pictured with his wife Debbie, said he was a family man who would not be depriving children of their fortunes . Paphitis, who has five children with his wife Debbie, said that suddenly taking away their privileged lifestyles risked ‘driving them to places you don’t want them to go’. He said: ‘My view is very simple. I’m a traditionalist, a family man, I love my kids. I believe I have brought them up the right way. They are all very  different, they have different drives, different ambitions. They are never going to be me. They are going to be themselves. Not so generous: BBC 2 co-star Duncan Bannatyne insists he won't pass on his fortune to his children . ‘We support each other and there is no reason why I shouldn’t support my children. I, on the other hand, had absolutely nothing, apart from the love of my parents. You make your kids what they are, so what do you do? ‘Do you not get them used to a lifestyle? What happens when they become 18 and they are used to a certain lifestyle and then you say, “I’m going to take it away?” ‘How do you know they are capable of coping with that? How do you know that’s not going to drive them somewhere to a place you don’t want them to go anywhere near because of it? You can’t do that.’ Paphitis, who used to ask contestants on Dragons’ Den, ‘Why should I spend my children’s inheritance on that?’ has three daughters and two sons, Dominic, 34, actress Zoe, 32, Alex, 26, and twins Holly and Annabelle, 17. The son of Greek Cypriot immigrants, Paphitis started work aged 15 as assistant to the tea boy at brokers Lloyd’s of London. Just seven years later he had set up his first business. He now owns hardware chain Robert Dyas, stationers Ryman and set up lingerie brand Boux Avenue two years ago. He is also the face of the Government’s auto-enrolment pension initiative. In 2009 Bannatyne said he will not leave a penny of his vast fortune to his children, claiming he will leave it to charity instead. He suggested it would ‘not be good for them’ to inherit such a large sum.
highlights: The 54-year-old disagrees with millionaires who do not pass on wealth . Fears his children would not be able to cope without luxury lifestyle . Received nothing from his Greek Cypriot immigrant parents . Asks contestants: ‘Why should I spend my children’s inheritance on that?’
id: 6abad83ad5b7541cbe8cd7201aaea927ed1a4fb6
chatgpt: Sir Simon Cowell, the well-known television producer, entrepreneur and judge on popular singing competitions, has stirred up vigorous debate after declaring that he would not be passing on his accumulated riches to his children once his time was up. Speaking to journalists at a recent press conference, the 54-year-old confirmed that he disagreed with other millionaires who opted against leaving an inheritance or donating to charities. He stated: "I'm going to leave my money to somebody. A charity, probably - kids and dogs. I don't believe in passing on from one generation to another. Your legacy has to be that hopefully, you gave enough people an opportunity, so that they could do well, and you gave them your time, taught them what you know.” Cowell went on to reveal his own personal reasons behind such a decision, admitting that he feared his children would be unable to cope with life if they were not exposed to the same level of luxury a financially secure upbringing had allowed him growing up.  "I never inherited anything in my life,'' he stated, adding: “That's part of the reason I'm successful. I was brought up with the mentality that if you want something, you've got to work hard, and it sticks with you.” The media mogul's comments quickly drew conflicting opinions from his fans and the public, with some praising him for his forward-thinking approach to generational wealth whilst many others declared his views misguided and even somewhat selfish. Cowell himself has never been one to shy away from controversy - and it seems his blunt statements have sparked yet another heated debate. It's worth noting that Cowell's net worth is estimated to be over £350 million, which places him firmly among the top 1% of Britain's richest population. It's understandable then, that his intentions of donating a large sum to charity could be considered a noble gesture. However, opinion is still divided on the subject of inheritance and the obligations of wealthy individuals when it comes to passing on their accumulated wealth. The music industry legend posed a provocative question to journalists, asking them “Why should I spend my children’s inheritance on that?”. For many, Cowell's words hint at a lack of familial responsibility – but others maintain that his choices are a personal preference and should not be met with criticism. Whilst it is not uncommon for celebrities to make charitable donations or leave a large sum to a good cause, Cowell's latest revelation regarding his own fortune has certainly added a new layer of complexity to the debate over inheritance rights and what it means to be responsible with one's wealth. Either way, whether or not Cowell’s story becomes the blueprint for a new conversation around benefactors who do not pass on their accumulated wealth, his words will undoubtedly be remembered and debated for many years after he is long gone.