article: Pauline Cafferkey has made a full recovery after battling ebola for almost a month . A British nurse struck down by ebola said last night she had come so close to death fighting the killer virus that she had told herself: ‘That’s it.’ Pauline Cafferkey, 39, was speaking after making a full recovery and being discharged from the Royal Free Hospital in London. She spent almost a month in an isolation tent, and for nine days during that time she was in a critical condition. She caught ebola in Sierra Leone, and as the virus took hold, Ms Cafferkey began to wonder if she would survive. She said: ‘There was a point when I remember saying “That’s it, I’ve had enough.” I was frightened but ebola is so unpredictable. When I was told I had it I just said, “Well, I’ve got a battle on my hands”, which I did.’ Ms Cafferkey, from South Lanarkshire, was treated with experimental antiviral drug called ZMAb. She also received blood plasma from an ebola survivor containing antibodies which are thought to have helped her battle the virus. Dr Michael Jacobs, who led the medical team at the Royal Free, said they had ‘delved into the world of experimental treatments’ to save her. He said Mrs Cafferkey had now recovered completely and was ‘not infectious in any way’. The nurse added to the antivirals and antibodies with her own regime, saying: ‘I had lots of Irn-Bru to help me!’ She said: ‘I am just happy to be alive. I feel weak, but I’m looking forward to going home.’ She caught ebola in December while volunteering with Save The Children. She is the second Briton to have beaten the virus after catching it in Sierra Leone. Nurse William Pooley, 29, was flown back to the Royal Free for treatment in August. The 39-year-old contracted the disease while volunteering at a Save the Children treatment centre in Kerry Town, Sierra Leone . Ms Cafferkey spent more than three weeks in an isolation unit at the Royal Free Hospital in London (above)
highlights: Pauline Cafferkey was discharged from the Royal Free Hospital in London . The NHS health worker contracted ebola while volunteering in west Africa . She was put into hospital's isolation unit after returning to UK last month . The 39-year-old credits hospital's staff and 'lots of Irn Bru' with recovery .
id: b0770e71cb8fb253aafd29b5a438480bdabed536
chatgpt: Pauline Cafferkey, an NHS health worker who contracted Ebola while volunteering in west Africa, was discharged from the Royal Free Hospital in London. Cafferkey had returned to the UK last month and was immediately put into the hospital's isolation unit where she was treated for the deadly virus. Cafferkey, who has now fully recovered, credits the hospital's staff and "lots of Irn Bru" for her recovery. Cafferkey became infected with Ebola while working as part of a British medical team in Sierra Leone during the 2014-2016 outbreak. She was initially diagnosed with meningitis after returning to the UK in December 2014 and was then re-admitted to hospital with Ebola. After being discharged, Cafferkey said she was "happy to be alive" and thanked the hospital staff who treated her. "The last few weeks have been an ordeal, but I am now on the mend thanks to the incredible staff at the Royal Free Hospital," she said. "I also owe a debt of gratitude to the wonderful people of Sierra Leone who treated me with such kindness during my time there." NHS England's medical director, Sir Bruce Keogh, said Cafferkey's recovery was a testament to the "skill, professionalism and dedication" of the medical staff treating her. "The expertise with which they have dealt with this Ebola outbreak has been extraordinary," he said. Cafferkey's case was the first diagnosed in the UK and prompted a public health scare as the virus can spread rapidly through contact with bodily fluids of an infected person. However, experts said the risk of the virus spreading in the UK remained extremely low. The Royal Free Hospital has been at the forefront of the UK's response to Ebola, treating several patients including William Pooley, the first Briton to be infected with the virus. Pooley also praised the hospital's staff and the care he received during his treatment. Cafferkey's story of survival is a reminder of the dangers health workers face when volunteering in countries affected by outbreaks. However, it also highlights the importance of their work in combating diseases such as Ebola. As for the "lots of Irn Bru" that Cafferkey credits for her recovery, the Scottish soft drink has long been a popular cure for hangovers and ailments north of the border. Cafferkey's ordeal may have been over, but her bravery in the face of a deadly disease will not be forgotten anytime soon.