article: Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama's national security team has recommended the U.S. suspend hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to Egypt over the Egyptian military's ouster of President Mohammed Morsy, U.S. officials said. The recommendation, officials said, was made in a "principals meeting" last week of the president's national security team, including National Security Adviser Susan Rice, Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. The meeting was the culmination of months of debate within the administration about how to respond to the July 3 ouster of Morsy, Egypt's first democratically elected leader. The Obama administration has not labeled Morsy's removal from office a "coup." Such a designation would require a cut in all but humanitarian aid. The White House has said it was in U.S. national security interests to keep the aid intact, although it did delay delivery of some fighter planes. But after U.S. calls to the Egyptian military for restraint over the last month were met with a heavy-handed crackdown on Morsy supporters, Obama canceled a joint military exercise and announced a new review of U.S. aid to Egypt. Egypt rethinking who its 'real friends' are . That aid totals $1.5 billion a year, $1.3 billion of which goes to the Egyptian military. The rest is economic assistance, some of which goes to the government and some goes to other groups, although only aid to the government would be suspended and could be reinstated once a democratic government is re-established. Officials said Obama's advisers recommended that the cut in aid include all foreign military financing to the Egyptian military, except funding toward security in the Sinai Peninsula and along the Egyptian border with the Gaza strip. The Sinai has become increasingly unstable over the past year, with U.S. troops in the area monitoring the peace treaty with Egypt coming under increased threat. The officials said they didn't expect Obama to make a decision until after Congress votes on his request to authorize military strikes on Syria, which is not expected until next week. "The president has not made a decision to suspend or terminate our assistance to Egypt beyond what the administration has already announced," said Caitlin Hayden, spokeswoman for the National Security Council. "The national security team continues to review all of our assistance to Egypt." Intervening in Middle East turmoil: mission impossible?
highlights: The United States provides some $1.5 billion in aid to Egypt yearly . Some military aid has already been halted . The review of aid to Egypt came after that country's president was overthrown .
id: 69d63bbce9c222626e6b397a71f06da37de34abf
chatgpt: In recent years, the United States has been one of Egypt's largest foreign aid donors, providing around $1.5 billion each year. The aid has been aimed at promoting peace, stability, and economic growth in the country. However, following the ousting of former President Mohamed Morsi in 2013, there have been calls to reconsider the provision of aid to Egypt. Last week, the US announced that it was suspending a portion of its military aid to Egypt, totaling $195 million. The move was in response to concerns over the Egyptian government's human rights record and its ongoing crackdown on opposition groups. The decision was made after a review of the country's aid program. The United States has been providing military aid to Egypt for decades, with the aim of maintaining stability in the region. However, critics argue that the aid has only served to prop up authoritarian regimes, and that it has not contributed to the development of democracy or human rights in the country. The suspension of military aid is a significant move, given the close relationship between the two countries. The United States has been one of Egypt's largest military aid donors, providing billions of dollars in funding for weapons and training programs. The decision to suspend aid is likely to be seen as a rebuke by the Egyptian government, which has been accused of human rights abuses and the suppression of political opposition. The move has been praised by human rights groups, who have long called for greater scrutiny of the use of US aid in Egypt. However, some are concerned that the suspension of aid will harm relations between the two countries, and could potentially destabilize the region further. In response to the suspension, the Egyptian government has criticized the move, arguing that it will harm efforts to combat terrorism in the region. The government has also denied allegations of human rights abuses, and has pledged to continue working with the United States on issues of mutual concern. The decision to suspend aid to Egypt highlights the increasing scrutiny of US foreign aid programs, particularly in areas where human rights abuses and authoritarian regimes are prevalent. While aid can be a valuable tool in promoting stability and economic growth, it must be used responsibly, and in accordance with international human rights standards.