article: By . Alexandra Klausner . A Seattle family enjoying a Friday morning beach day were surprised to see a pig swimming in the ocean a few feet away from them. Erin Schwartz and her family were enjoying their last day of vacation on Sullivan's Island in South Carolina when they spotted something swimming they thought might be a dog. However, when Erin Schwartz's husband Eric saw a snout coming from the water he realized it wasn't a dog but a hog. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Getting some sun: This little piggy mysteriously ended up on a beach in South Carolina . You lost?: Police officers corralled the squealing swine on Friday in response to a call from a vacationing Seattle family . 'My husband spotted it first and at first thought it was a dog,' said Schwartz . 'It wasn't until we saw the snout and tail that my husband said, ‘Is that a pig?' Erin and Eric Schwartz were out that day with their two children Luca and Ruby who were also impressed to see a pig splashing around in the ocean. The pig was about 20 to 30 feet away from the Schwartz family when they first saw it. The Schwartz's only spent 13 days in South Carolina but the highlight of their whole entire trip was seeing the pig swim. 'Just for an hour, all of the sudden we see this pig...It was a crazy last hour,' Schwartz said. 'It was the highlight.' When the pig neared the beach, a family was able to safely bring the pig back to the shore. 'It looked like it had been swimming for some time,' Schwartz said. 'It looked tired and disoriented,' he continued. Police responded to a call about the 25-pound pig and were able to catch it. Witnesses recall seeing a second pig but only one was captured. 'It is likely that the hog(s) were caught in the current in the upper reaches of the Wando and/or Cooper Rivers and came ashore at the first available location. This often occurs with wild animals but is more common with deer and alligators,' said the town administrator Andy Benke. Where are you going?: This pig somehow ended up on a beach in South Carolina .
highlights: Erin Schwartz and her family were enjoying a South Carolina beach day when they saw a pig swimming in the ocean near by . Another person reported seeing a second pig . It's likely that the hogs got caught in a river which leads to an ocean . When the pig neared the beach, a family was able to safely bring the pig back to the shore .
id: dea2dbbefec60c97c642aa17b6584eb1fce0bf74
chatgpt: A group of beach-goers in South Carolina were left surprised when they noticed a pig swimming near their ocean-side location. The beach day was quickly interrupted when Erin Schwartz and her family spotted the unusual sight. They watched as the pig made its way closer to shore. What made this situation even more surprising was that another person reportedly saw a second pig in the same area. While it may seem unusual for pigs to swim in the ocean, it is possible that the pigs got caught in a river that leads to the ocean. This could explain how they ended up so far out into the water. While it is unclear how the pigs ended up in the ocean, it is believed that they were attempting to swim to safety. As the pig neared the beach, the Schwartz family took action. Working together, they were able to safely bring the pig back to shore. It was clear that the pig was distressed, but the family was able to calm the animal down until it was safe to move it to a nearby animal shelter. The fact that two pigs were found swimming in the ocean has left many people wondering how this could have happened. It is possible that these pigs were escaping from a nearby farm or were abandoned by their owners. Whatever the situation may be, it is clear that the pigs are in need of a safe home. The animal shelter that took in the rescued pig will be working with local authorities to investigate how the pigs ended up in the ocean. They will also be taking steps to find a safe and permanent home for the pig. In the meantime, the rescued pig is receiving the care and attention it needs to recover from its ordeal. While it may seem unusual for pigs to be found swimming in the ocean, this is not the first time that this has happened. In fact, there have been many cases of pigs being found in bodies of water around the world. This highlights the importance of animal welfare and the need for responsible pet ownership. The story of the two pigs found swimming in the ocean has captivated the attention of people from around the world. While it may be an unusual sight, it is also a reminder of the need to protect and care for all animals. It is also a tribute to the kindness and compassion of people like the Schwartz family, who are willing to help those in need.