article: (CNN) -- The judge in James Holmes' murder trial on Tuesday accepted his plea of not guilty by reason of insanity. The suspect in last summer's shooting spree that killed 12 people and wounded dozens at an Aurora, Colorado, movie theater will be taken to the Colorado Mental Health Institute at Pueblo for evaluation. He's expected to be returned to the Arapahoe County Jail on August 2. Judge Carlos Samour Jr. has told attorneys he expects the trial to take place in 2014. The burden is on the prosecution to prove that Holmes was sane at the time of the shootings. Attorneys will use the results of the mental evaluation as evidence at the trial. Samour's ruling Tuesday came about a month after Holmes' attorneys asked to change his plea from a standard not guilty. The original not-guilty plea was entered by a judge on Holmes' behalf in March, over his objection, his defense team said. The defendant offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life behind bars if authorities would spare his life, but prosecutors in Arapahoe County announced in April they would seek the death penalty. The defense then decided to make an insanity plea. Asked by the judge Tuesday whether he had any questions about the plea, Holmes replied in a clear voice, "No." Samour also ruled Tuesday that a package Holmes mailed to his psychiatrist before the shooting can be processed as evidence. He sent Dr. Lynne Fenton $400 in burned $20 bills, a sticky note with an infinity sign, and a spiral notebook containing a placard. Written on it: "James Holmes, Of Life," according to court documents. The defense had previously argued that the contents of the package is covered by doctor-patient confidentiality. But with an insanity plea, that confidentiality no longer applies. Before the shooting, Fenton, who works at the University of Colorado's medical campus, warned campus police that Holmes was dangerous. Holmes faces murder and other charges in the July 20 shooting spree at the premiere of the Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises."
highlights: A package Holmes sent to his psychiatrist will be processed as evidence . James Holmes will be taken to a mental health center for evaluation . He faces murder and other charges in a July shooting at an Aurora, Colorado, movie theater . Trial is set for 2014 .
id: c39f149741ddd90e35116fcf1db272c6345f4acf
chatgpt: James Holmes, the suspect in the July 2012 movie theater shooting in Aurora, Colorado, has been ordered to be taken to a mental health center for evaluation. This comes after a package that Holmes sent to his psychiatrist was processed as evidence. Holmes has been facing murder and other charges in connection with the shooting that left 12 people dead and dozens injured. His trial is set for 2014, but this recent development may delay the proceedings. The package in question was sent by Holmes to his psychiatrist shortly before the shooting. It reportedly contained a notebook with descriptions of a planned attack, as well as drawings of violent scenes. The notebook had been deemed privileged information by the defense team, but a judge ruled that it could be used as evidence. The decision to send Holmes to a mental health center was made after the prosecution argued that the notebook, along with Holmes' behavior since being incarcerated, indicated that he may be mentally ill. The evaluation will determine whether or not Holmes is fit to stand trial. The mental health evaluation is just one of the many twists and turns in this high-profile case. In the months since the shooting, both the prosecution and defense teams have been battling over various pieces of evidence. Holmes' defense team has suggested that he may have been suffering from some sort of mental illness at the time of the shooting. They have also argued that the death penalty would be an inappropriate punishment given that Holmes was reportedly in a state of mental distress when he committed the crime. The prosecution has countered these arguments by pointing to the planning that went into the shooting, as well as the fact that Holmes allegedly mailed the notebook to his psychiatrist before the attack. Regardless of the outcome of the mental health evaluation, it seems clear that this case will continue to be closely watched by the public. The shooting in Aurora was a tragedy that left a lasting impact on the community, and the trial of James Holmes will undoubtedly bring up difficult and emotional memories for many.