article: Israeli troops have shot dead a 17-year-old Palestinian boy who was throwing stones at drivers in the occupied West Bank. The army said soldiers had fired warning shots before opening fire on a group when they persisted hurling the stones at Israeli civilians near the Tapuah settlement, south of Nablus. Palestinian security officials said the stones had been thrown at military vehicles. They said that a 19-year-old had also been wounded in the same incident. WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . The brother of a teenager shot dead in West Bank weeps over the body  Rafidya Hospital in  the city of Nablus . A Palestinian security official told AP that he believed a second boy was hurt. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not allowed to discuss the incident with the media. The military said it was investigating the incident. Israel and Palestine have suffered generations of fighting and tensions, which spilled over last summer in a 50-day war. More than 2,100 Palestinians and 72 Israelis were killed in the fighting, which disrupted the lives of millions of people. Palestinians mourn over the body of a 17-year-old Palestinian who was shot dead by Israeli troops during a stone-throwing incident near the Tapuah settlement . A boy weeps as he awaits to see the body of his brother shot dead in West Bank in a stone throwing incident . Violence began to spiral with the kidnapping and deaths of three Israeli teenagers, allegedly by Hamas. This was followed by a suspected revenge killing of 16-year-old Palestinian youth by Israeli extremists. Israel and Hamas agreed to an open-ended cease-fire largely brokered by Egypt later in August - but tensions between Israel and Palestinians remained high, and spiked last month. Israeli soldiers evacuate the body of the 17-year-old Palestinian who was shot dead by Israeli troops . Violent demonstrations led Israel in November to restrict Muslim access to a holy site in Jerusalem that includes the al-Aqsa mosque - the third most sacred place in Islam, . It is also home to the ancient Hebrew Temple Mount - the holiest place in Judaism. With the crackdown came a fresh round of deadly Palestinian attacks. According to AFP statistics, around 20 Palestinians have been killed by the army in the West Bank since June. Israeli soldiers carry the teenager's body to a Palestinian Ambulance near  the West Bank city of Nablus . The Israeli army said soldiers had fired warning shots before opening fire on a group throwing stones at Israeli civilians. Palestinian security officials said the stones had been thrown at military vehicles . According to AFP statistics, around 20 Palestinians have been killed by the army in the West Bank since June .
highlights: Army said soldiers fired warning shots before opening fire on the group . Palestinian security officials said stones were thrown at military vehicles . They said that a 19-year-old had also been wounded in the same incident .
id: ecc85ac2eb2f9e874990eb2ccb5dcc7e90d8e4cf
chatgpt: Israeli soldiers opened fire on a group of Palestinian protesters in the Occupied West Bank on Tuesday, after they say they fired warning shots. The incident reportedly took place near the city of Jenin, and according to Palestinian sources, a 19-year-old man was injured in the incident that saw stones thrown at military vehicles. The Israeli military claims that the troops were confronted by Palestinians throwing rocks and setting fire to tires during the dawn raid, and that the soldiers had only fired warning shots in an attempt to disperse the group. However, Palestinian security officials disputed this version of events, saying that the soldiers had opened fire on the protesters. The Palestinian Authority has condemned the incident, with officials saying it is a clear example of Israeli aggression towards the Palestinian people. They have also called for an investigation into the incident to determine what happened. In recent years, there has been an increase in violent clashes between Israelis and Palestinians in the West Bank. This has led to a rise in tensions as both sides continue to blame each other for the violence. The Israeli military says it is committed to protecting the safety of Israeli citizens in the West Bank, and that it will continue to take whatever measures necessary to maintain order in the region. However, Palestinian officials say that the Israeli military's actions are a violation of international law and that they will not allow the occupation to continue. The Israeli government has not responded to the allegations made by the Palestinian officials, and it is unclear what, if any, action will be taken in response to the incident. The incident comes just days after another violent confrontation between Israeli forces and Palestinian protesters in the West Bank. In that incident, Palestinian demonstrators clashed with Israeli soldiers near the village of Beit Dajan, east of Nablus. According to Palestinian sources, the protesters had gathered to protest against the expansion of Israeli settlements in the area. They say that Israeli forces used excessive force to disperse the crowd, firing tear gas, rubber bullets and live ammunition. The Israeli military says that the soldiers were forced to respond to a violent attack by the protesters, who they claim had thrown rocks and Molotov cocktails at them. The escalation of violence in the West Bank has raised concerns about the possibility of a wider conflict breaking out between Israel and the Palestinians. The international community has called for calm and for a resumption of peace talks to resolve the long-standing conflict. For now, the situation in the West Bank remains tense, with both sides continuing to blame each other for the ongoing violence. The Palestinian Authority has called on the international community to take action to end the occupation and to protect the rights of the Palestinian people. The Israeli government, however, shows no sign of relinquishing its control over the West Bank.