article: (CNN) -- Are Taylor Swift and country music never, ever, ever getting back together? Swift released a video Monday for her new single, "Shake It Off," and the song is decidedly more pop than fans are used to from the country singer. It's all in keeping with her fifth studio album, "1989," which Swift announced during a Yahoo livestream. The new album's title is a nod to the year Swift was born and is being hyped as the star's "first documented official pop album." Swift sports multiple personas in the music video, including one that is reminiscent of Lady Gaga. The song is an ode to the "haters" that Swift is shaking off -- and, of course, there is the dancing. "All I think about are metaphors and cats," Swift said in the livestream. "Life itself and who people actually are can be greatly reflected in how people dance. ... I don't mean how good you are but your willingness to dance." Writing for USA Today, Brian Mansfield said Swift's message seems to be "Hate me all you want ... but you're missing all the fun." "Lyrically, 'Shake It Off' is 'Mean 2.0,' with the 24-year-old singer/songwriter taking all the criticisms leveled at her and dismissing them flippantly," Mansfield writes. "It's a total swerve musically, however, with horn-blast grooves grounded in early '60s proto-soul and girl-group pop, plus a spoken-word breakdown that would come off as awkward if it weren't so knowingly funny." Twitter immediately embraced the tune, including some high-profile fans. Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted, "Don't mess with @TaylorSwift13, or she will write an incredibly catchy song about you." Singer Kelly Clarkson wrote, "Okay Taylor Swift's new song/video "Shake it off" is pretty much my favorite thing right now! She's hilarious! Nicely done #thissickbeat :)" But not everyone loved the video. It inspired some accusations of racism on Twitter. "A number of Twitter users, including rapper Earl Sweatshirt, have accused Swift of perpetuating black stereotypes," Cleveland.com writer Troy L. Smith reported. "Many have pointed out that while all of the graceful ballerinas in the video appear to be white, most of the twerking close-ups feature black dancers (there are white women twerking as well)." Swift's album will be released October 27. The single is currently available on iTunes.
highlights: Swift dropped "Shake It Off" on Monday . She announced her first "official pop album" There were accusations of racism .
id: 65dbe2249c5369f2bdf37992886a7ba418fc7fb7
chatgpt: Taylor Swift has released her latest single, "Shake It Off", on Monday amid buzz about her first "official pop album". The song is an upbeat, catchy tune with a strong message to ignore negative comments and just keep dancing. Swift’s announcement of the new album has caused quite a stir among her fans, with many anticipating her shift away from her country roots and towards pop music. However, the excitement surrounding the release of "Shake It Off" was quickly overshadowed by accusations of racism in the music video. The video, which shows Swift dancing alongside various backup dancers, has been criticized for its depiction of black women in stereotypical ways. Some viewers have noted that the black women in the video are portrayed as twerking dancers while Swift is shown as the more sophisticated and refined lead. The costumes and hairstyles of the backup dancers have also come under scrutiny, with accusations that they perpetuate racial stereotypes. Swift has since responded to the accusations, dismissing them as "oversensitivity" and insisting that the video was meant to be a celebration of different dance styles and cultures. "I think you're missing the larger point," she wrote on Twitter. "If you look at the video as a whole, it’s about embracing different styles and ways of dancing, and that’s the message I wanted to send." However, the controversy surrounding the "Shake It Off" video has rekindled larger discussions about race and diversity in the entertainment industry. Some have pointed to the lack of representation of people of color in music videos and the media in general, while others have called for a greater understanding of the impact of harmful stereotypes. Regardless of the controversy, Swift’s latest single and upcoming album have been highly anticipated by fans and critics alike. The release of "Shake It Off" marks a new era for the artist, who has been steadily moving towards a pop sound over the past few years. Swift’s transition to a full-fledged pop artist has been met with mixed reviews, with some fans lamenting the loss of her country sound but others excited to see her explore new musical territory. Overall, the release of "Shake It Off" and the announcement of Swift’s pop album have set the stage for an exciting new chapter in the artist’s career, one that is sure to generate plenty of buzz and controversy along the way.