article: By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 07:19 EST, 7 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:31 EST, 7 November 2012 . A bar owner who raped three girls after serving them alcohol until they passed out has been sentenced to 100 years in prison. Werner Fajardo, 35, assaulted the three girls, two 14-year-olds and a 12-year-old, after he poured them drinks at his closed tavern El Cuervo, in Huron, South Dakota last year. Third Circuit Judge Jon Erickson said it was one of the worst rape cases he had seen in 35 years behind the bench when he sentenced Fajardo on Tuesday. 100 years in prison: Werner Fajardo, pictured being led from jail in November last year, has been jailed for raping three girls after serving them alcohol . The three friends were meant to be babysitting when they met up with Fajardo, who drove them to his bar and began pouring the girls drinks including vodka shots and mixed vodka drinks, police said. After drinking several drinks, the girls passed out or become so woozy they could not move, according to court documents. Fajardo, of Sioux Falls, South Dakota allegedly touched one of the girl’s genitals and another woke to find her pants and underwear down, and a condom wrapper on a table nearby, authorities said. Until they passed out: Fajardo took the three girls, two 14-year-olds and a 12-year-old, to his closed tavern El Cuervo (pictured) pouring the girls drinks including vodka shots and mixed vodka drinks . The 12-year-old girl told police she woke up to find Fajardo having sex with her on October 30, last year. Michael R. Moore, Beadle County's state attorney, said last year: ‘They all told a similar story of what happened that night, that they drank this alcohol and then passed out. ‘They all had similar memories of what happened, but none of them were able to say what happened to the other person.’ Police said in an affidavit: ‘The bar was closed but the defendant started mixing drinks for the girls.’ Memories of that night: Michael R. Moore, Beadle County's state attorney spearheaded the charges against Fajardo last year and said that the girls 'all told a similar story of what happened that night, that they drank this alcohol and then passed out' One of the 14-year-old girls told her parents about the assault on November 11 and police began investigating Fajardo and uncovered allegations of underage drinking at the bar in Huron, a town with a population of about 13,000 people. The Huron Police Department found 11 minors at the bar when they conducted their first ever alcohol licence compliance check at El Cuervo. State regulators revoked Fajardo's liquor license in January and the bar was closed. Defense attorney Carmen Means says Fajardo continues to maintain his innocence.
highlights: Werner Fajardo assaulted two 14-year-olds and a 12-year-old girl . The Judge said it was one of the worst rape cases he had ever seen . His defence lawyer said Fajardo maintains his innocence .
id: 2dba5305c7eeef6e60681be1dbe3563b54cac641
chatgpt: Werner Fajardo, a 32-year-old man from downtown Miami, was found guilty of assaulting three young girls on Friday after nearly three weeks of testimony. The judge presiding over the case, Joseph Singleton, called it one of the worst rape cases he had ever seen. According to the testimony, Fajardo assaulted two 14-year-olds and a 12-year-old girl over the span of several months. The girls, who were friends with one another, testified that Fajardo had approached them on several occasions, offering them money and gifts in exchange for sex. The prosecution argued that Fajardo had groomed the girls, convincing them that the sex acts were normal and even pleasurable. The defence, however, maintained that Fajardo was innocent and that the girls had either fabricated or exaggerated their allegations. The case was ultimately decided by Judge Singleton, who rejected the defence's arguments and found Fajardo guilty on all counts. In his statement, the judge criticized Fajardo's actions and expressed his dismay at the girls' experiences. "This was one of the worst rape cases I have ever seen," Singleton said. "Mr. Fajardo has caused irreparable harm to these young girls, who will carry the scars of his actions for the rest of their lives." Fajardo's sentencing has yet to be determined, but he faces a maximum of life in prison. His defence team plans to appeal the verdict. The case has sparked outrage in the Miami community, with many calling for harsher penalties for sexual assault offenders. Several advocates for sexual assault survivors have also called for increased education and awareness surrounding issues of consent and sexual exploitation. "It's crucial that we continue to educate young people about their rights and boundaries," said Rita Chavez, a local advocate for victims of sexual assault. "We need to create a culture that prioritizes consent and respects survivors." The case serves as a stark reminder of the prevalence of sexual assault, particularly against young and vulnerable populations. As the trial comes to a close, many are left grappling with the aftermath of Fajardo's crimes and the difficult road to recovery for his victims. "We need to do more to support survivors and hold perpetrators accountable," said Chavez. "No one should have to endure the trauma and pain caused by sexual violence."