article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:21 EST, 21 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:12 EST, 21 August 2013 . Deep within the woods of New Jersey, a secret homeless community has left the city and taken to the trees to set up home. But rather than simply eschewing the rat race, the group - many of whom are mentally ill, jobless and battling addiction - claim they have been left with no other choice. The community in Browns Mills, New Jersey, has been given the eerie title locally as the 'People of the Woods' after being forced to set up camp there - some for as long as 20 years - because Burlington County does not offer homeless shelters. Browns Mills, New Jersey, where the homeless and down on their luck have become known as the 'People of the Woods' after taking to the trees . The community in Browns Mills, New Jersey, has been given the eerie title locally as the 'People of the Woods' after being forced to set up camp there . A reporter for My9nj had to first gain the people's trust before they would take her on a tour of their community among the trees . Reporter Meg Baker, from My9NJ, was told about the so called tent city by volunteers at the Christian Caring Centre, which provides food and services for the homeless in the woods. It has been reported that it costs taxpayers around $14,480 per year to care for a single homeless person. Many of those living in the woods are alcoholics who said they could not afford to pay rent and live on their own and so were 'forced to be there'. But Christian Caring Centre volunteer Tracy Janusz said it far from a countryside idyll, adding: 'No young person should have to see what is going on there.' Many of them told her that while they were still able to claim state benefits, they were not enough to afford low income housing, and so they had no other choice but to sleep rough . Some of the rough sleepers have been in the woods for as long as 20 years - because Burlington County does not offer homeless shelters . The centre helps the group with food and occasional day landscaping jobs, but as yet there has been no permanent solution. The township has taken down most of the tents, although there is no other shelter provided for them. Another of the caring centre workers said that one of the homeless wood dwellers had become seriously ill after suffering a tick bite. But the cost of his treatment has fallen on the taxpayer to bear. She added: 'The cost of getting them into a shelter and giving them services would have been so much cheaper and cost effective, and then he could have got c ajo and started paying taxes back into the system.'
highlights: Community in Browns Mills, New Jersey, has been given the eerie title locally . Many have been there for years and are mentally ill, jobless and addicts . They say they're there because Burlington County doesn't offer shelters . While they're still on state benefits it is not enough to afford housing .
id: 35b0350628c9ecbc664b2aba54b9d4955f6a0bd1
chatgpt: In Browns Mills, New Jersey, a community of individuals with mental illness, addiction, and unemployment has gained a reputation as an eerie place. The residents of this community have been there for years and can't seem to escape the cycle of poverty and hardship. According to the residents, one of the main reasons for their situation is that Burlington County doesn't offer enough shelters. They say that if there were more shelters available, they wouldn't have to resort to living in this community. Unfortunately, their situation is not just limited to the lack of shelter options. Many of the residents are on state benefits, but this is not enough to afford housing. They are stuck in a catch-22 where they need a job to afford housing, but they can't find a job because of their mental illness, addiction, or lack of skills. The residents of this community face a bleak future with little hope for improvement. Many of them see their lives as hopeless and have resigned themselves to their fate. But this community is not alone in their struggle. Across the United States, there are millions of people who face similar challenges. The lack of affordable housing, mental health services, and addiction treatment options are just some of the issues that plague low-income communities. To address these challenges, there needs to be a concerted effort on the part of local, state, and federal governments to provide funding for affordable housing, mental health services, and addiction treatment programs. Without these resources, individuals like those in the Browns Mills community will continue to struggle and suffer. Furthermore, there needs to be a shift in the way we view poverty and mental illness. Too often, people in these situations are stigmatized and blamed for their plight. We need to recognize that poverty and mental illness are systemic issues that require systemic solutions. In conclusion, the Browns Mills community in New Jersey is just one example of the many communities across the United States that face immense challenges related to poverty, mental illness, and addiction. It is up to all of us to work towards creating a society that is more supportive and equitable for all.