article: Sophie Wessex was at London College of Fashion to try her hand at working a sewing machine this afternoon - for the second time in seven days. Last week saw the Countess put the finishing touches to a charity quilt during a reception for a group of Girl Guides at Buckingham Palace. And the royal put her new found skills to good use as she tried out various techniques on an industrial machine during a sewing session. Sophie Wessex was at London College of Fashion trying her dab hand at sewing today . She was joined by fashion students at the Lime Grove Campus as she helped make an eclectic structured top form a patchwork of fabrics. The Countess, 49, was appointed the first ever patron of the world famous fashion school 19 months ago. Her role was announced on 18th March 2013 and she has since been lending her support to the College's Better Lives campaign. It aims to use fashion to change the world, reduce the industry's environmental footprint and help those in need. The London College of Fashion has produced of a roll call of famous alumni, including footwear designers Jimmy Choo and Beatrix Ong, rising star William Tempest, and Harold Tillman chairman of the British Fashion Council. The Countess' three-year stint as patron involves finding time to visit Better Lives projects, such as one that works with prisons to help rehabilitate female offenders and get them into work on their release. The Countess, 49, was appointed first ever patron of the world famous fashion school . She was joined by students at the Lime Grove Campus as she helped make an eclectic structured top . Speaking at the time of Sophie's appointment, Professor Frances Corner, head of the London College of Fashion, said that the college was 'proud' to have her as patron. 'We are very proud to have The Countess of Wessex's support and look forward to working with her,' she said. 'This is a very exciting time for the college and HRH's Patronage strengthens the innovative work that we do and the contribution we will continue to make to the future of the fashion industry.' Although the Countess hasn't always been known for her fashion sense, the last few years have seen a sea-change in the first lady of Wessex' personal style. Gone are the frumpy jackets and oversized hats that characterised the first few years of her married life, while in their place are chic shift dresses, nude courts and flattering hats. Her role was announced 19 months ago and she's since been lending her support to the College's campaigns . The Better Lives initiative aims to use fashion to change the world and help those in need .
highlights: Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 49, visited London College of Fashion today . Joined students in helping make structured patchwork top on the machine . Fashion school's first ever patron has spend last 19 months in role . Has been lending her support to the College's Better Lives campaign . It aims to use fashion to help the environment and help those in need .
id: e69335f7601c990ee1a0cd046a86981c12f03317
chatgpt: Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, visited the London College of Fashion today to lend her support to the Better Lives campaign. As the fashion school's first-ever patron, the Countess has spent the last 19 months using her influential position to promote the use of fashion to bring about positive change in society. During her visit to the London College of Fashion, the Countess joined students in helping to create a structured patchwork top on a sewing machine. The students were thrilled to have the opportunity to work with the Countess on the project, and she was equally delighted to be able to connect with the future designers of the industry. The Better Lives campaign, which the Countess has supported, is an ambitious project that seeks to harness the power of fashion to make a positive impact on society. The campaign aims to create a more sustainable and ethical fashion industry, while also helping those in need. One of the key focuses of the Better Lives campaign is the environment. The fashion industry is one of the most polluting industries in the world, with significant environmental impacts resulting from the production of clothing. The campaign seeks to promote more sustainable and environmentally friendly practices within the industry, including reducing waste, using recycled materials, and promoting ethical and fair trade practices. Another focus of the campaign is on using fashion to help those in need. This includes working with vulnerable and marginalized groups to provide them with the skills and resources they need to participate in the fashion industry. By doing so, the campaign hopes to create new opportunities for growth and development, while also helping to empower individuals and build stronger communities. The Countess has played a key role in promoting the Better Lives campaign. As the fashion school's first-ever patron, she has used her position to raise awareness about the campaign's goals and objectives, and to encourage students and industry leaders alike to get involved and support the initiative. Speaking about her visit to the London College of Fashion, the Countess expressed her admiration for the students and their commitment to the Better Lives campaign. "It's inspiring to see how passionate the students are about creating positive change in the fashion industry," she said. "Their creativity and dedication to sustainability and ethical fashion is truly impressive." The Countess added that she was excited to be able to work alongside the students on the patchwork top project, and to see firsthand the talent and potential of the next generation of fashion leaders. "I look forward to continuing to support the Better Lives campaign and to working with the London College of Fashion to create a more sustainable and ethical fashion industry," she said. In conclusion, the Countess of Wessex's visit to the London College of Fashion was a great success, and a testament to the power of fashion to create positive change in society. The Better Lives campaign, which she has been supporting, is an important initiative that seeks to promote a more sustainable, ethical, and inclusive fashion industry. With the support of industry leaders like the Countess of Wessex, the campaign has the potential to make a real difference in the lives of millions of people around the world.