article: Wanted terrorist Mohamed Elomar could have appeared in an Islamic State propaganda video alongside a Sydney teenager. On Tuesday, video surfaced of Abdullah Elmir, 17, who fled Australia back in June to join the terror group in Syria, telling his mother he was going fishing. In the video posted on YouTube, Elmir - going by the name of Abu Khaled – makes threats to Australia and the rest of the Western world and also takes aim at Prime Minister Tony Abbott. Wanted terrorist Mohamed Elomar could have appeared in an Islamic State propaganda video alongside a Sydney teenager . But a day later, speculation about the identity of a man who appeared alongside the teenager mounted and The Sydney Morning Herald reported intelligence officers were now looking closely at the video to determine if the man seen standing to the right of Elmir is the notorious extremist. When asked by Daily Mail Australia if he thought the man in question was Elomar, Dr Jamal Rifi - a friend of the former boxer's family - said: 'I believe he is.' Dr Rifi also added he had not spoken with the Elomars. 'They are overseas and I have no way in contacting them,' he said. Intelligence agencies are looking to confirm if Elomar (pictured) appears in the 1.43 minute video . Fairfax Media has been told intelligence agencies were inspecting the video and chief among their concerns was the man standing closest to Elmir is the wanted terrorist who has close ties with another extremist, Khaled Sharrouf. Earlier this year, Sharrouf caused a worldwide stir when he posted photos on Twitter of his son proudly holding up a severed head in Syria. Warrants for the arrest of Elomar and Sharrouf were issued by the Australian Federal Police in July. In the recently emerged footage, Elmir is flanked by his Islamic State comrades with the well-known black and white flag and brandishing a weapon. Elomar is one of two notorious extremists the Australian Federal Police have put arrest warrants out for in July . The jihadist claimed IS were going to put a 'black flag on top of Buckingham Palace' and the White House. 'We will keep on fighting and we will fight you and defeat you,' he stated. As his hate-filled diatribe finishes he begins chanting in Arabic and the fighters around him join in. Throughout, the man believed to Elomar alternates his gaze from Elmir and in front of him. His face remains expressionless and the only time he shows any emotion is when he joins in chanting with his brothers-in-arms at the conclusion of the video. The man holds a rifle in front of his body with both hands.
highlights: A video surfaced of Sydney teenager Abdullah Elmir, 17, on Tuesday . Intelligence personnel are trying to confirm if Mohamed Elomar is in it . Elomar is one of two extremists the AFP issued a warrant for in July . Dr Jamal Rifi - a friend of the suspect terrorist's family - believes it is him .
id: 4adfa29c3f8b4651b5ca8aa2922fceffc85e8b77
chatgpt: A video of a Sydney teenager, Abdullah Elmir, 17, has surfaced on Tuesday which has now stirred up controversy. The Australian intelligence personnel are trying to confirm if the video also features Mohamed Elomar, one of the two extremists that the Australian Federal Police (AFP) issued a warrant for in July.  Dr. Jamal Rifi, a friend of the suspect terrorist's family, believes that it is indeed Elomar in the controversial video. Dr. Rifi is a prominent Sydney GP who works closely with the Muslim community, including many families who have relatives fighting in Syria and Iraq.  The video in question shows a group of militants riding through the streets in Iraq followed by a speech from a militant addressing the Australian Government and Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, in particular. The video has been titled "Message of the Mujahidin to Australia." The fifteen-minute video claims to be recorded in the city of Al-Raqqah, the de facto capital of the ISIS 'caliphate' that straddles parts of Iraq and Syria.  Abdullah Elmir, dubbed as the “Ginger Jihadi,” also appears in the video. The teenager, originally from Bankstown in Sydney, surfaced in Syria earlier this year, gaining international notoriety after appearing in an ISIS propaganda video threatening to raise the terrorist flag over the White House. It was believed that he had been killed in action; however, his appearance in the latest video begs to differ.  Dr. Rifi understands the concerns and fears surrounding the video as he sympathizes with the families of those in Syria and Iraq. He condemns the video, labeling it "troubling" and "disappointing" as it appeared to be an attempt by ISIS to lure more Australian militants to fight in Iraq and Syria.  The authenticity of the video is yet to be verified by authorities; however, the AFP has issued a statement stating that it is aware of the video and is currently investigating the matter. The government has ensured that it is committed to taking all necessary measures to stop Australian citizens from traveling to the Middle East to join extremist groups, and to mitigate any threat posed to national security.  The video comes in the midst of Australia's heightened threat level, which was raised to "high" in September. The Deputy Commissioner of the AFP urges members of the public to remain vigilant of any suspicious activities and to report any such activities to the authorities immediately.  In conclusion, the video that surfaced on Tuesday has sparked outrage and concerns across the country as authorities try to confirm if it indeed features one of the two extremists that the AFP issued a warrant for in July. A prominent Sydney GP and a friend of the suspect terrorist's family, Dr. Jamal Rifi, believes that it is him. The video comes in the midst of heightened risk levels in Australia, and the government has ensured that it is committed to taking all necessary measures to stop Australian citizens from traveling to the Middle East to join extremist groups.