article: By . Jenny Hope . Cyber bullying of children via social media sites is now a bigger problem than face-to-face harassment, say psychologists. Many youngsters are scared to reject the approach of strangers on social media because they fear they will become a target for abuse, a study suggests. It has led to calls for a new criminal offence of cyber bullying as concerns grow that the most vulnerable could be at risk of self-harm or suicide. Many youngsters are scared to reject the approach of strangers on social media because they fear they will become a target for abuse, a study suggests (file picture, posed by model) The death of 14-year-old Hannah Smith last year after apparently being the victim of online bullying resulted in her father David calling for action against internet trolls, though an inquest this week was told by police there was no evidence the girl from Lutterworth, Leicestershire, had been targeted. Previous studies have shown cyber-bullying is on the increase, with girls most likely to suffer. The research from Nottingham Trent University found texting and email harassment is now less common than bullying on social media. Dr Lucy Betts, senior lecturer in psychology, and researcher Karin Spenser studied 29 children aged 11 to 15 years as part of a bigger project  on cyber bullying. Children in their mid teens report being regularly approached by strangers who want to be their ‘friends’ on Facebook and other social media, said Mrs Spenser. ‘They think it’s safer to accept a stranger than reject them, even though they recognise the dangers,’ she said. The father of Hannah Smith, 14, pictured, called for action against internet trolls after his daughter was apparently bullied online. However, an inquest this week heard there was no evidence she was targeted . ‘Partly this is peer pressure to have as many friends as possible – saying you have 1,000 friends gives you a lot of kudos. ‘But they feel powerless to say no even when they’re horrified that someone has got hold of their details and come into their life. ‘They don’t recognise the public nature of social media and they don’t realise how many people can get access to them outside their core group of friends.’ Mrs Spenser said cyber abuse was different to face-to-face bullying, which normally took the form of repeated harassment through insults or physical aggression. She said a ‘one-off’ incident online could have much bigger repercussions. ‘A nasty remark that gains  100 “likes” from friends or others is devastating, the sheer volume of response can be amazing. ‘What’s worse is that children feel a compulsion to keep looking online 24/7,’ she added. Mrs Spenser, who is a magistrate, said she would like to see cyber bullying become a criminal offence. ‘We are seeing far more examples now in the criminal justice system and we don’t have the tools to deal with it.’ The study findings were presented yesterday at the British Psychological Society conference in Birmingham.
highlights: Nottingham Trent University research found growing rate of online bullying . Youngsters scared to reject online approaches for fear of becoming target . Calls for criminal offence of cyber bullying to be brought into UK law .
id: 44fb58be8aabc58d3b848253995e7b393a0c19f6
chatgpt: A new study by researchers at Nottingham Trent University has found that the rate of online bullying is growing rapidly. The study reveals that young people in particular are scared to reject online approaches for fear of becoming a target themselves. According to the study, the rise in online bullying is causing considerable concern among parents and educators. The researchers found that many young people are afraid to stand up for themselves online, and often do not know what to do if they are targeted by bullies. In response to the study's findings, there have been calls for the UK government to introduce a criminal offence of cyber bullying. Supporters argue that such legislation would help to protect vulnerable young people by providing them with legal recourse against online bullies. Currently, cyber bullying is not a criminal offence in the UK. However, the government has introduced measures to tackle the issue through other means, such as the creation of a national internet safety strategy and the introduction of new guidance for schools on how to deal with incidents of cyber bullying. Despite these measures, the problem of online bullying persists. The researchers argue that further action is needed in order to protect young people from the harmful effects of cyber bullying. In addition to the calls for new legislation, the study's authors also suggest that parents and educators need to be better informed about the risks of online bullying. They argue that more needs to be done to educate young people about the dangers of social media and other online platforms. The authors of the report also call on social media companies to do more to tackle online bullying. They suggest that companies could introduce features that make it easier for users to report incidents of online bullying, and to monitor and remove content that is offensive or threatening. The study has been welcomed by campaigners for internet safety, who argue that online bullying is a growing problem that needs to be addressed urgently. They say that the evidence presented in the study shows that cyber bullying can have a devastating impact on young people, and that action needs to be taken to protect them from harm. Overall, the study provides important insights into the nature and extent of online bullying in the UK. While the problem is undoubtedly complex, the researchers suggest that there are solutions available that could help to alleviate the problem and protect young people from harm. As the debate around cyber bullying continues, it is important that all stakeholders work together to find practical and effective ways to tackle this persistent and harmful issue. Only by working together can we hope to create a safer and more positive online environment for young people.