article: (CNN) -- For over half a century, Formula One has been a man's game. But maybe no more as the sport's glass ceiling suffered a further fracture on Wednesday. Monisha Kaltenborn became the sport's first female team principal when she was handed the reins at Sauber in October and now Williams has followed suit after appointing Claire Williams to a similar key role. The daughter of team founder Frank Williams, the 36-year-old will work alongside her father as deputy team principal. The British team is the only constructor which currently employs a female driver with Susie Wolff testing for the marque. "I'm truly honored to be taking on the role of deputy team principal and look forward to working alongside Frank to help run the team this season and beyond," Claire told Williams' official website. "I have grown up in the sport and have learned the ropes from one of Formula One's legendary team principals and as a result I feel well equipped for this new challenge. "I understand the commitment that every person within the team gives each day to see our car out on the track and I am determined to see us back at the top." Williams are one of the most successful teams in F1 history, winning nine constructors' championships and seven drivers' titles since making their debut at the 1978 Argentine Grand Prix. But in recent times the team has floundered, although Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado did pick up Williams' first race win since 2004 at last year's Spanish Grand Prix. Frank Williams, who is tetraplegic and has been confined to a wheelchair since a car accident in 1986, is confident the future of the team is in safe hands. "Over the past decade Claire has worked tirelessly for Williams," said the 70-year-old. "Her knowledge of the sport and passion for the team is unquestionable and I'm proud to say that during her time here she has proven herself to be one of our most valuable assets. "With Claire being appointed Deputy Team Principal, I know the future of Williams is in extremely safe hands. "This appointment also had Ginny's blessing who I know would have been incredibly proud to have seen Claire taking on this position by my side," added Williams, referring to his wife Virginia, who died earlier this month of cancer. Williams' driver pairing of Maldonado and rookie Valtteri Bottas will both be on the grid for the Chinese Grand Prix on April 14.
highlights: Claire Williams appointed deputy team principal at William F1 team . Claire will be working beneath her father and team principal Frank Williams . Monisha Kaltenborn became the sport's first female team principal at Sauber last year . Williams' test driver Suzie Wolff is the only female driver currently employed in the sport .
id: 05604447e7aa49dcfbb4afc4da451e58c8268577
chatgpt: Claire Williams has been named as the deputy team principal at Williams F1 team. Her appointment comes as a proud moment for her family as well as for the sport, as she will be the first female deputy team principal in Formula One. Claire will be working alongside her father, Frank Williams, who is the team principal of the Williams F1 team. This appointment marks a new chapter in the Williams F1 team, as the team is going through a period of restructuring in order to regain its glory days. Claire has been with the team for the past nine years, and has been instrumental in the team's recent success. Her appointment comes as a natural progression, and it is expected that she will use her experience and expertise to lead the team to further success. Though Claire's appointment as the deputy team principal is a significant milestone, it is not the first time that a woman has been involved in a leadership position in Formula One. Last year, Monisha Kaltenborn became the sport's first female team principal at Sauber. Monisha's appointment was a significant moment for the sport, as it marked a step towards increasing diversity and promoting gender equality in motorsport. Currently, Williams' test driver Suzie Wolff is the only female driver currently employed in the sport. Suzie has been with the team since 2012, and has been a passionate advocate for women in motorsport. She has been breaking barriers and encouraging more women to get involved in the sport, and her hard work and dedication have paid off. Claire's appointment as the deputy team principal and Suzie Wolff's involvement in the Williams F1 team show that the sport is making progress towards promoting diversity and gender equality. F1 has been traditionally dominated by men, but there are women who are breaking barriers and making strides in the sport. With more women getting involved and more opportunities opening up, it is clear that the future of F1 is bright. Frank Williams, the team principal of the Williams F1 team, expressed his delight at his daughter's appointment, saying that Claire has worked incredibly hard and has earned this opportunity. He added that he is looking forward to working alongside her and leading the team to success. With Frank and Claire working together, and Suzie breaking barriers on the track, the Williams F1 team is sure to make more headlines in the coming years.