article: Gary Neville has urged Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal to stick with playing four at the back for the rest of the season. The Red Devils started with three central defenders for Saturday's Barclays Premier League win at QPR, but it was only once they switch to a flat back-four that Marouane Fellaini and James Wilson struck to seal the points. Fans are desperate for the Dutchman to ditch his more favoured 3-5-2 formation, and former United full-back agrees with the Old Trafford faithful. Gary Neville has urged Manchester United to stick with playing four at the back for the rest of the season . The Reds switched to a back-four before Marouane Fellaini and James Wilson struck to seal the points . United supporters are desperate for their manager to ditch his more favoured 3-5-2 formation . Louis van Gaal switched to a 4-4-2 formation during Saturday's 2-0 win at QPR . He told Monday Night Football: 'Louis van Gaal wants them to recycle the ball and switch the play. I'm not a fan of 3-5-2 because the centre-backs are the free men and they become the safe option. 'They play out from the back but the tempo is too slow. Far too often they are keeping possession and passing it backwards. 'They've become quite predictable in the past few weeks. Manchester United looked far more dangerous on Saturday when they changed the system. 'Fans want them to go 2-0 up and then keep possession rather than fight for goals near the end.' Van Gaal has been keen to strengthen his options at back by looking at Borussia Dortmund's Mats Hummels during the January transfer window. Frustrated fans, pictured celebrating, were screaming ‘4-4-2’ during their side's initial struggles at Loftus Road . Gary Neville has called for Van Gaal to ditch his favoured 3-5-2 formation . Yet the 26-year-old German international could be prepared to stay in the Bundesliga, even if Dortmund fail to qualify for the Champions League. Qualification to be among Europe's elite looks extremely unlikely given they are 12 points behind fourth place, but Hummels appears prepared to wait it out. Speaking to Die Welt, Hummels said: 'We have worked to the maximum in every game but a few times but opponents were better than us. We have to get up and move up the ranks as soon as possible. 'Would I play in Dortmund without the Champions League? I do not think qualification for the Champions League will be the only requirement to be happy.' Mats Hummels has revealed that Champions League football is not the 'only requirement to be happy' Hummels (right) signs autographs after a training session in La Manga, Spain, last week .
highlights: Gary Neville wants Louis van Gaal to move away from three at the back . Former Red reckons United are more dangerous when playing 4-4-2 . Stats show Manchester United are more productive with four defenders . Neville was analysing Van Gaal's team on Monday Night Football . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
id: 1e2364bd6f8c737c23d41792c675a15812ab19c6
chatgpt: Gary Neville, a former Manchester United defender turned football pundit, has urged current Red Devils' boss Louis van Gaal to abandon his favored three-at-the-back formation in favor of a more classic 4-4-2 setup. Neville's call came during his analysis of Manchester United's gameplay on Monday Night Football, in which they struggled to convert their chances against a stubborn Aston Villa side. According to Neville, United have been more productive when playing with four defenders, citing statistics that show the team tends to score more goals and create more chances when playing in a 4-4-2 formation. With the likes of Wayne Rooney and Anthony Martial in attack, Neville believes United would be more dangerous with a partner for Rooney up front, allowing the England captain to play in his preferred role as a No. 10. "I think they'd be more dangerous with two up front, I really do," Neville said on MNF. "I think Rooney would benefit if there was someone playing at the side of him. The two [central midfielders] can protect [them]," he added. Neville's opinion is shared by some United fans and analysts, who have been frustrated with their team's lack of attacking fluidity this season. While Van Gaal has achieved resolute defensive stability with his three center-backs, critics have argued that this setup restricts offensive creativity and limits the team's ability to control games. Despite the criticisms, Van Gaal has shown little sign of changing his tactics, instead preferring to stick to his tried-and-tested methodology. However, with United currently sitting outside the top four in the Premier League and facing a tough Europa League tie against archrivals Liverpool, the Dutchman may need to consider alternatives if he is to salvage anything from this tumultuous season. In recent weeks, United have been linked with a host of attacking players, including Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann, Borussia Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, and Real Madrid's James Rodriguez. With Juan Mata and Memphis Depay both struggling to find form this season, the addition of a new attacking threat could provide United with the creative spark they need to unlock stubborn defenses. Regardless of any transfer activity, it seems that United will have to rely on their current squad to see them through this campaign. With fixtures against Tottenham, West Ham, and Leicester looming large, Van Gaal will have to decide whether to stick with his current tactics or make a decisive change to unleash the full potential of his team. Whether he listens to Neville's advice or not, one thing is for sure – the pressure is on the Dutchman to deliver results and restore Manchester United to their former glory.