article: More than 200 letters written by mass murderer Anders Breivik have been seized to stop him setting up a far-right  organisation from within his prison cell. Prison authorities have revealed they seized 220 of his letters because the correspondence showed he was attempting to establish himself as the 'frontman' of an organization prepared to use extreme violence. Breivik was responsible for the massacre of 77 people in 2011 after detonating a bomb in downtown Oslo and carrying out a mass shooting on Utoya Island. In 2011, Anders Breivik (pictured) carried out one of the worst atrocities ever seen in Norway when he massacred 77 people, many of whom were teenagers . Breivik makes a fascist salute during a court appearance in Norway. The far-right extremist has been attempting to build a political party from his prison cell . A written ruling stated: 'Breivik's intention is to consolidate his position as front man and leader figure for a movement that involves using extreme violence and terror as an instrument,' The Local reported. Yling Faeste, a spokesman for Norway's prison system, added: 'We have refused to send some letters from Breivik for reasons of security. We're talking about roughly 220 letters.' The right-wing, anti-muslim extremist was sentenced to 21 years' imprisonment with preventive detention in 2012. It the harshest possible prison sentence available under the Norwegian justice system and it is likely he will remain in prison for the rest of his life. Since his incarceration, Breivik has made increasingly desperate attempts to receive publicity, as well as issuing a number of bizarre demands. In February, he threatened to go on hunger strike unless prison authorities cave in to a list of demands for better conditions - including giving him a PlayStation 3. Emergency services work at the scene of the mass shooting on the island of Utoya, Norway . Breivik detonated a car bomb in downtown Oslo before shooting dozens on the island of Utoya. Pictured is the damage caused by the explosion . It emerged that he had issued a typed list of 12 demands to authorities at the high-security unit in Skien in southeast Norway where he is serving out his sentence. The demands - outlined in a letter sent to the the French national newsagency AFP  - included better conditions for his daily walk and the right to communicate more freely with the outside world, which he argues are in line with European rights legislation. He also demanded that his PlayStation 2 games console be upgraded to a Playstation 3 'with access to more adult games that I get to choose myself'. Held apart from other prisoners since 2011 for security reasons, Breivik argued in the letter sent in November, last year, that he has the right to a wider 'selection of activities' than other inmates to compensate for his strict isolation.
highlights: Mass murderer is trying to establish extremist uprising from his prison cell . Anders Breivik killed 77 people in 2011 after he went on a shooting spree . Authorities have revealed they have seized more than 200 of his letters . They claim he is trying to establish himself as a 'frontman' for violence .
id: b522ffb83d2e7a3c79d56401acb1ccf4c2c9ece5
chatgpt: Norwegian mass murderer Anders Breivik is reportedly attempting to establish an extremist uprising from his prison cell. Breivik, who notoriously killed 77 people in a shooting rampage in 2011, has allegedly been attempting to communicate with like-minded individuals from behind bars. Authorities have revealed that they have seized over 200 letters written by Breivik in recent months. The letters are said to contain calls to arms and an attempt to establish himself as a "frontman" for extremist violence. Breivik's actions have raised concerns that he is attempting to build a network of followers, who may be inspired to carry out similar acts of terror. Although the seized letters do not indicate that Breivik is directly planning any violent acts himself, experts have warned that his influence over vulnerable individuals must be closely monitored. "It is worrying to see the extent to which Breivik is still trying to propagate his twisted ideology, even from his prison cell," said Harald Stanghelle, an analyst and columnist for Norway's Aftenposten newspaper. "We must do everything in our power to prevent him from becoming a martyr figure or inspiration for others who may be susceptible to his message." Breivik's crimes, which were motivated by extreme right-wing and anti-Muslim views, shocked the world in 2011. He detonated a bomb in central Oslo, killing eight people and injuring over 200, before carrying out a shooting rampage on the island of Utøya, where he killed 69 people attending a summer camp. Breivik was initially sentenced to 21 years in prison, the maximum sentence in Norway, but this can be extended if he is deemed to still be a threat to society. Authorities have previously expressed concern that Breivik may attempt to use his time in prison to further his extremist views. In response to Breivik's recent actions, prison officials have reportedly tightened security around his cell and restricted his access to mail. However, experts warn that this may not be enough to prevent him from communicating with like-minded individuals or inspiring others to carry out acts of violence. "It is important that we remain vigilant and take all necessary steps to prevent Breivik from spreading his dangerous message," said Stanghelle. "We cannot allow him to become a symbol of hate, division, and violence."