article: Joe Burns looks set to make his Test debut for Australia after Mitchell Marsh pulled out of the squad for the third Test against India due to a hamstring injury. The Queensland batsman is part of a 13-man squad for the Boxing Day Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground after impressing Australia coach Darren Lehmann, whom he played under at state level. The 25-year-old averages 42.54 in this season's Sheffield Shield and has beaten experienced duo Ed Cowan and Adam Voges to a place. Joe Burns, pictured batting for Brisbane Heat in the Big Bash League on Sunday, is set to make his Test debut . Sydney Thunder players celebrate after taking the wicket of Burns during the match on Sunday in Australia . 'You're always trying to look ahead when you can, but you're still living in the moment,' Lehmann told the Cricket Australia website. 'We think he's the best man. He can fit anywhere from one to six (in the batting order). He gives us a little bit more flexibility compared to the other two ... and it's a chance to play a guy who is young.' Burns was obviously delighted to be included. Darren Lehmann, Australia coach, has been impressed with Burns' aggressive style of batting . Mitchell Marsh, pictured bowling against India last week, has pulled out of the squad with a hamstring injury . 'It took a fair while to sink in,' he said. 'I'm over the moon at the news as it is the best Christmas present I could ever hope for. I'm just so happy.' Burns hit 183 against New South Wales in November, impressing the powers that be. 'Trevor Hohns and Mark Waugh saw that and were very impressed,' Lehmann said. 'We think he's got something about him ... hopefully he offers runs, first and foremost. 'He's a very aggressive player, which is always good to see. That's the way we like to play.' Lehmann also hopes batsman David Warner is fit to play after the opener was struck on the thumb in Australia's run chase at the Gabba, when they made the 130 runs needed with just four wickets in hand.
highlights: Joe Burns has averaged 42.54 in this season's Sheffield Shield . He impressed selectors with a 183 against New South Wales in November . Coach Darren Lehmann says he is impressed with the 25-year-old . Mitchell Marsh has pulled out of the squad with a hamstring injury .
id: 1df223e6aaf198b0aee8c5efc05cc4dfb5d0bf6e
chatgpt: Australian opener Joe Burns has been in fine form in this season's Sheffield Shield, averaging an impressive 42.54 runs per innings. Burns' performance has caught the eye of selectors, particularly after he smashed a match-winning 183 against New South Wales back in November. The 25-year-old has long been regarded as one of Australia's most promising batting talents, and his performances in the Shield have only strengthened that reputation. Speaking to reporters today, Australian coach Darren Lehmann said he was impressed with Burns' performances so far this season. "Joe has been fantastic for us this year," Lehmann said. "He's shown that he has the ability to score big runs at this level, and he's done it consistently. We're really pleased with how he's going." Burns has been included in the Australia squad for the ongoing Test series against South Africa and is expected to play a key role in the team's batting line-up. However, the squad has been hit by a major blow, with all-rounder Mitchell Marsh pulling out due to a hamstring injury. Marsh had been a regular part of the Australian side in recent years, but his absence will force the team to make some changes. Lehmann confirmed that Marsh's injury had opened up an opportunity for another player, although he declined to say who that might be. "We've got some decisions to make now that we've lost Mitch," Lehmann said. "We've got some options in terms of who we can bring in, and we'll be looking closely at the form of our other players in the lead-up to the next Test." Despite the setback, Lehmann said he was confident that Australia could bounce back from their defeat in the first Test and level the series against South Africa. "We've got a good group of players here, and we're all determined to give it our best shot," he said. "We know what we need to do, and we'll be working hard to make sure we come out on top in the next match."