article: (CNN) -- An alleged terrorist leader suspected of plotting the bombing of a Philippine superferry more than four years ago, killing at least 116 people, has arrived in Manila after his arrest in Bahrain, a Philippine justice official said Saturday. Authorities suspect Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. was behind the 2004 superferry bombing. Authorities in Bahrain arrested Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. last month, said Ricardo Blancaflor, undersecretary at the Department of Justice. Lavilla was deported Saturday to Manila, where police arrested him and briefly paraded him in front of local media crews before locking him inside police headquarters, Blancaflor said. Lavilla is one of the top ideologues in the Rajah Solaiman Movement, a group of former Christians who converted to Islam and claim affiliation with the al Qaeda-linked regional terrorist groups Jemaah Islamiyah and Abu Sayyaf, Blancaflor said. Blancaflor said authorities suspect Lavilla helped plot the bombing of a superferry near Manila on February 27, 2004, in which at least 116 people died. They believe Lavilla also helped plan the bombing of a bus behind the Intercontinental Hotel in Manila on February 14, 2005, an attack that killed at least four people and came to be known as the Valentine's Day Bombing. The bus bombing was part of a trio of attacks that happened that day. The two other blasts, both fatal, happened in the southern cities of General Santos and Davao. Blancaflor said he suspects Lavilla was also involved in the planning of several bomb attacks on the U.S. Embassy in Manila, all of which were thwarted by Philippine police. In describing Lavilla's arrest in Bahrain, Blancaflor said only that police there arrested him as they were enforcing U.N. Security Council resolution 1276, which imposed air travel and financial sanctions on the Taliban. Jemaah Islamiyah aims to create a Muslim "superstate" across much of Southeast Asia. Authorities blame the group for the Bali, Indonesia nightclub bombings of 2002, which killed more than 200 mostly Western tourists. The group is also suspected of subsequent attacks on the Australian Embassy and J.W. Marriott hotel, both in the Indonesian capital, Jakarta. The Abu Sayyaf group is one of several Islamic militant groups fighting the government in and around the southern Philippine island of Mindanao. CNN's Rory Suchet contributed to this report.
highlights: Alleged terrorist leader accused of plotting superferry bombing held in Manila . Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr., arrested in Bahrain, arrived in Philippines Saturday . Lavilla allegedly belongs to group claiming affiliation to al Qaeda-linked network . Authorities believe Lavilla plotted 2004 superferry bombing in which 116 died .
id: c39cdd0d716f9590df6d83218f83559cafd16273
chatgpt: An individual accused of being a terrorist leader, who is alleged to have masterminded the 2004 bombing of a Philippine ferry, has been taken into custody in Manila. Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr., who was arrested in Bahrain, arrived in the Philippine capital on Saturday after being extradited to the country. Lavilla is believed to have links to a group with ties to an al Qaeda-affiliated network. According to authorities, Lavilla is connected to the bombing of the passenger ferry, which occurred in February 2004. The attack targeted the Superferry 14 vessel along Manila Bay, and resulted in the deaths of 116 people. The bombing was considered to be one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in Philippine history, and sparked a massive investigation by the country's security forces. Lavilla has been on the run since the bombing, and was apprehended in Bahrain in September of this year. Philippine officials worked to secure his extradition, and he was flown back to Manila on Saturday to face charges related to the terrorist attack. Authorities in the Philippines have identified Lavilla as a high-ranking leader of a terror group known as the Rajah Solaiman Movement (RSM). The RSM is said to be aligned with the Jemaah Islamiyah, an organization that is closely associated with al Qaeda. In a statement released following Lavilla's arrival in Manila, authorities said that the suspect had "plotted and carried out" the Superferry 14 bombing. They noted that Lavilla had long been considered a "key operational figure" within the RSM, and was believed to have been involved in other terrorist activities in the region. The Philippine government has been working to combat terrorism in the country for many years. The Philippines has been a major target of terrorist groups since the 1990s, with numerous bombings and attacks carried out in the country over the past few decades. While significant progress has been made in recent years, authorities continue to keep a close eye on the activities of known terrorist groups and their affiliates. As Lavilla awaits trial on terrorism charges related to the Superferry 14 bombing, authorities are working to verify his alleged ties to the RSM and other known terrorist organizations. The case has once again brought attention to the ongoing threat of terrorism in the Philippines, and the ongoing efforts by authorities to keep the country safe from attacks.