article: (CNN) -- A dramatic fightback from Ryan Lochte secured a thrilling victory over Olympic champion Michael Phelps in the men's 200m freestyle at the World Championships in Shanghai. Lochte trailed fellow American Phelps at the halfway stage but battled back to win in a time of one minute, 44.44 seconds compared to his rival's 1:44.79. Defending champion Paul Biedermann, from Germany, claimed the bronze medal in a strong field. It was Lochte's eighth gold at the World Championships but his first at the 200m distance, and handed him a major boost with only a year to go until the 2012 Olympics in London. "Michael and I have been battling head to head for about eight years," Lochte told FINA's official web site after his victory. "We definitely build a good rivalry; he's a great competitor and I am just privileged to swim on the same team, even in the same event as him. "Today, at this level we're at, we both want to win, we don't like to lose and no matter what the outcome is, we're still going to be friends and we're definitely going to be pushing each other for 2012." Phelps emphasized the quality of the competition and said he is starting to recapture the form that has seen him bag 16 Olympic gold medals to date. "That was probably one of the best 200 freestyle fields and that was a close field; five guys in the 1.45, that's pretty good," he told FINA's web site. "I would have wanted to win but this is something that is going to help me a lot for the next year." He also said a lack of training has contributed to a dip in his performances. "The reason why I haven't been able to swim as fast as I wanted to in the last couple of years, it's all my fault. "If I would have trained like I was supposed to for as long as I am supposed to, on a consistent level, I would be swimming where I want to swim. But now, I am sort of coming back to my old self." There was an even closer finish in the men's 100m backstroke, when French pair Camille Lacourt and Jeremy Stravius shared the gold medal after both recorded a time of 52.76. It is the first time ever two swimmers from the same country have tied in a dead heat for first place. It was also France's first ever male title in the championships. Elsewhere, China's Zhao Jing won a gripping women's 100m backstroke final, beating Russia's Anastasia Zueva by just one one-hundredth of a second. American Natalie Coughlin took the bronze medal. Rebecca Soni, from the United States, successfully defended her women's 100m breaststroke title, beating Australian Olympic champion Leisel Jones and China's Ji Liping who took silver and bronze. A dominant performance from Denmark's Lotte Friis secured the women's 1,500 freestyle final. American Kate Ziegler took silver and China's Xuanxu Li the bronze.
highlights: Ryan Lochte beats Michael Phelps to claim men's 200m freestyle title . American Lochte beats Olympic champion Phelps by three hundredths of a second . French pair Camille Lacourt and Jeremy Stravius share the men's 100m backstroke gold . China's Zhao Jing wins the women's 100m backstroke final .
id: 2c181075d33c759a354a80180214b21914b07fb4
chatgpt: Ryan Lochte Beats Michael Phelps by a Hair to Claim Gold in Men's 200m Freestyle Final It was another thrilling showdown between the two American swimmers, Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps, as they faced off in the men's 200m freestyle final at the world championships in Shanghai. In the end, it was Lochte who emerged victorious, beating Phelps by a mere three hundredths of a second. Lochte led the race from start to finish, but Phelps, who won this event at the 2008 Olympics, made a late surge in the final meters. However, Lochte somehow managed to hold on and touch the wall first, claiming his second gold medal of the championship. "I knew Michael was going to be there at the end," Lochte said after the race. "I was just trying to hold on and finish as strong as I could, and I did it. It feels amazing to win, especially against Michael." Phelps, who has won a record 23 Olympic gold medals, was gracious in defeat. "Ryan swam a great race," he said. "He deserved to win." The French pair of Camille Lacourt and Jeremy Stravius shared the men's 100m backstroke gold medal after they tied with identical times of 52.76 seconds. The duo fought tooth and nail throughout the race, with Lacourt initially holding the lead, but Stravius edging him out in the final stretch. This was the first time in history that two swimmers have tied for gold at the world championships. It's always special to share a gold medal with someone else," Lacourt said. "It's a great feeling." In the women's 100m backstroke final, China's Zhao Jing claimed the gold medal with a time of 59.05 seconds. Jing, who was the Olympic silver medalist in this event, swam a near-perfect race, fending off the challenge of Australia's Emily Seebom and Russia's Anastasia Zueva, who won silver and bronze respectively. Jing was ecstatic with her victory, pumping her fists in the air as she climbed out of the pool. "I'm so happy to win for China," she said. "It's a great feeling to represent my country on the world stage." The men's 200m freestyle final was undoubtedly the highlight of the day, as Lochte and Phelps once again showcased their incredible talent and fierce rivalry. This was the second time at the world championships that Lochte has beaten Phelps in a head-to-head race, the first coming in the 200m individual medley. This victory puts Lochte one step closer to becoming the new face of American swimming, with many pundits suggesting that he has now surpassed Phelps as the country's top swimmer. However, both athletes will have a chance to add to their medal hauls over the next few days, with several more events on the schedule. For now, the spotlight is on Lochte, who has shown that he has what it takes to beat the best in the world. It remains to be seen whether he can maintain his dominance over Phelps and continue to make waves in the swimming world.