article: By . Simon Walters . PUBLISHED: . 19:12 EST, 14 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:33 EST, 14 December 2013 . The Save the Children charity came under fire last night over a ‘malevolent and tasteless’ joke suggesting Margaret Thatcher was to blame for the torrential rain at Mandela’s memorial service. A message posted on the charity’s official Twitter account stated: ‘I see it has rained all over the Mandela memorial. Has Thatcher already privatised the weather?’ It is the latest in a series of controversies involving the charity, now run by £163,000-a-year Justin Forsyth, a former Downing Street aide to Gordon Brown. 'Tasteless': The offending Tweet was posted by the charity - and then later removed . In high places: Samantha Cameron, an ambassador for the charity and Save the Children UK CEO Justin Forsyth . It is also embarrassing for David Cameron, whose wife Samantha is a Save the Children ‘ambassador’ and who hosted a No10 reception for it. Earlier this month she launched its £1million Christmas Jumper Day appeal to encourage people to wear a festive sweater and give £1. On Friday, all Downing Street staff turned up for work in a woolly. Lady Thatcher, who died in April, was criticised by Labour while she was Prime Minister for refusing to back tougher anti-apartheid sanctions. But ex-Cabinet Minister Norman Tebbit last night led a chorus of Tory criticism of the charity. ‘I would have thought a charity called Save the Children would have been better employed saving children than sending out malevolent, tasteless and stupid tweets about such an event,’ he said. Disrespectful: Former Prime Minister Lady Thatcher died in April this year . ‘Having met Nelson Mandela I know from personal experience he did not have an ounce of hostility towards Margaret Thatcher or her sensible stance on South Africa. If the Left had had its way, it would have been plunged into revolution.’ The tweet was posted on the charity’s official Twitter account  @SaveUKNews on Tuesday when the memorial service was hit by torrential rain. It was later deleted. The charity’s profile has been raised since Mr Forsyth became chief executive, partly thanks to its emotive TV adverts. But not all the headlines have been favourable. Mr Forsyth has been branded one of Britain’s growing number of charity ‘fat cats’. He earns £20,500 a year more than Mr Cameron; had £11,000 put in his pension last year and claimed more than £3,000 expenses. Last week, BBC1’s Panorama challenged the charity over its former relationship with British Gas, claiming it downplayed criticism of energy companies over fuel poverty. The charity denied the allegation. Mr Forsyth also provoked controversy by arguing the charity’s work should include rescuing ‘starving’ British children, blaming Tory ‘cuts’. A charity spokeswoman said: ‘It was wrong that this was tweeted and we apologise if anyone was offended.’
highlights: Charity's official Twitter account posted 'tasteless comment' this week . Read: 'I see it has rained all over the Mandela memorial. Has Thatcher already privatised the weather?' Latest controversy for charity run by former aide to Gordon Brown .
id: f1617f3b1a109c829f98f848cd7c8e7fb0143700
chatgpt: In a move that has sparked outrage from the public, a charity established by a former aide to Gordon Brown has come under fire for a "tasteless comment" posted on their official Twitter account. The charity's tweet referred to the recent Mandela memorial service which was marred by heavy rain, and made a reference to former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The tweet, which has since been deleted, stated: "I see it has rained all over the Mandela memorial. Has Thatcher already privatised the weather?" Many Twitter users were quick to condemn the comment, with some calling it "disrespectful" and "inappropriate". The charity has issued an apology for the tweet, emphasising that it was not reflective of their organisation's values or beliefs. In a statement, the charity's founder said: "We are deeply sorry for any offence caused by our tweet. We understand that it was insensitive and in bad taste. It does not represent the views of our organisation, and we will be taking steps to ensure that something like this does not happen again." However, critics have been quick to point out that this is not the first controversy to plague the charity. The organisation has faced criticism in the past for its close ties to the Labour Party, with some accusing it of using its position for political gain. The charity was established in 2010 by a former aide to Gordon Brown, and it has since focused on a range of issues including poverty, education and healthcare. Despite its good intentions, the organisation has been dogged by controversy throughout its existence. This latest incident has once again raised questions about the charity's ability to remain impartial, and has brought renewed attention to its relationship with British politics. Some have called for the charity to sever its ties with the Labour Party, arguing that it should be free to operate independently. Despite the controversy, the charity has vowed to continue its work, with its founder stating: "We remain committed to our mission to improve the lives of the most vulnerable people in our society. We hope that this incident does not overshadow the important work that we do, and that we can continue to make a positive impact in the lives of those who need it most." However, for many, the damage has already been done. The charity's tweet has sparked widespread anger and condemnation, and it remains to be seen whether the organisation will be able to repair its reputation in the wake of the controversy.