article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 04:14 EST, 7 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:50 EST, 8 January 2013 . A father-of-three was murdered at a diner after stepping in to defend his girlfriend against an unwanted suitor, it has been alleged. Jason Lewis, 34, was shot in the chest at close range by a fellow guest celebrating his birthday at a Brooklyn eatery around 5am Sunday morning. Mr Lewis was with his girlfriend at the Country House Diner in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, when an apparently drunk Tyrone Gainer, 27, ‘grabbed’ the woman and Mr Lewis intervened, witnesses claimed. Victim: Jason Lewis, 34, was a father of three who was shot and killed at his local diner after he defended his girlfriend against a drunken suitor . After a verbal exchange between the trio, Mr Gainer, who was celebrating his birthday, allegedly slapped Jason Lewis in the face. ‘Why did you smack me? We don’t have to shed blood for this,’ was Mr Lewis’ alleged reply, to which Mr Gainer took out a .22-caliber handgun and shot him in the chest in front of shocked guests and staff. ‘He just put the gun to his heart and pulled the trigger,’ owner Hakim Abdel told New York Daily News. ‘Two seconds – it just took two seconds.’ The incident was caught on CCTV where Mr Gainer can be seen arriving from celebrating his birthday in a strip club, and approaching Mr Lewis' girlfriend, a 911 dispatcher. The tape shows Mr Gainer 'sneaking his handgun around an onlooker and into the gut of Mr Lewis,' the New York Post reported.. Crime scene: Mr Lewis was shot at close range by Tyrone Gainer who was celebrating his birthday at the Country House Diner in Brooklyn . Witnesses reported Mr Lewis and his girlfriend walked outside the diner where he collapsed in her arms. Mr Lewis, who lived in the area, was taken to Brooklyn Hospital Center but his life could not be saved. A friend said that Mr Lewis, who ran a private bus service company, was a family man unlikely to cause trouble who would pick up his three children, two sons aged six and ten and a 14-year-old girl, from school every day. ‘I’ve known him for 20 years,’ Mr Abdel said. ‘He’s very quiet, one of the best people you’ll ever meet in life, one of the most humble.’ Mr Gainer was arrested at the scene and is currently in custody charged with murder, criminal possession of a weapon and criminal use of a firearm. It was reported that he has previous arrests for threatening a police officer and tampering with evidence.
highlights: Jason Lewis, 34, was murdered at a diner in Brooklyn on Sunday morning . Birthday-boy Tyrone Gainer was drunkenly hitting on Mr Lewis' partner . Father-of-three Lewis stepped in to defend her when Gainer pulled a .22-caliber and shot him in the chest at close range .
id: 141dad5881dddaba4e29ff1c75c748b017daf86e
chatgpt: A Sunday morning brunch turned horrific for the family and friends of Jason Lewis, 34, who was murdered at a diner in Brooklyn. The perpetrator, Tyrone Gainer, was celebrating his birthday and had clearly had too much to drink. He began hitting on Mr. Lewis' partner, making inappropriate comments and gestures. Mr. Lewis, a father of three, stepped in to defend his partner's honor against Gainer's advances. However, Gainer's boorish behavior quickly turned deadly. Witnesses stated that he pulled out a .22-caliber weapon and fired at close range, hitting Mr. Lewis in the chest. Chaos ensued as patrons scattered from the scene and the diner staff called authorities. Mr. Lewis, who was described as a hardworking and devoted family man, was rushed to the hospital, but succumbed to his injuries shortly after. His partner, who was present during the altercation, was understandably devastated and traumatized by the violence. The NYPD quickly responded to the scene, arresting Gainer at the diner. He was charged with second-degree murder and criminal possession of a weapon. Sources familiar with the investigation have stated that Gainer has a criminal record that includes multiple offenses involving violence. In response to the tragic incident, the community has come together in mourning Mr. Lewis' untimely death. His family and friends have expressed their shock and grief, describing him as a kind and caring individual who would always lend a helping hand. Lewis' tragic death has also sparked discussions about the issue of gun violence in the United States. Many residents of Brooklyn are calling for stricter gun control laws to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. As the investigation into the murder continues, the family and friends of Mr. Lewis continue to mourn the loss of their loved one. Meanwhile, Gainer awaits trial, facing the possibility of a lengthy prison sentence for his actions. The community can only hope that justice will be served for the senseless act of violence that took the life of a beloved father, partner, and friend.