article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard -- who ordered jets over the Capitol amid the September 11, 2001, terror attacks -- was among those killed in a transit train crash in Washington this week, authorities said Tuesday. The crash killed retired Maj. Gen. David Wherley Jr., ex-leader of the D.C. National Guard, and his wife, Ann. Retired Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. and his wife, Ann, both 62, were killed along with seven others Monday in the most deadly train crash in the history of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. "He was as fine a public servant, as dedicated to the United States of America ... as anyone I have ever met," Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty told reporters Tuesday. On the morning of the September 11 attacks, Wherley, commander of the 113th Fighter Wing at Andrews Air Force Base, deployed pilots with orders from then-Vice President Dick Cheney to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol, according to the 9/11 Commission Report. "They said challenge them, try to turn them away; if they don't turn away, use whatever force is necessary to keep them from hitting buildings downtown," Wherley told the Washington Post in a 2002 interview. Wherley, a 40-year military veteran, served as the commanding general of the D.C. Guard from 2003 to 2008. "I am personally grieved by this unbelievable tragedy," said Maj. Gen. Errol R. Schwartz who succeeded Wherley when he retired.  See pictures of crash site » . The Wherleys are survived by a son, David, a noncommissioned officer in the U.S. Army Golden Knights; a daughter, Betsy; and one grandchild, according to the National Guard. The seven others killed in the collision were: train operator Jeanice McMillan, 42, of Springfield, Virginia; Mary Doolittle, 59; Lavanda King, 23; Veronica Dubose, 26; Cameron Williams, 36; and Dennis Hawkins, 64, all of Washington; and Ana Fernandez, 40, of Hyattsville, Maryland.
highlights: Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. deployed pilots on September 11, 2001 . Wherley, wife, seven others killed in Monday's crash of two D.C. Metro trains . Wherley was commanding general of D.C. National Guard from 2003 to 2008 . "He was as fine a public servant ... as anyone" I've met, Washington mayor says .
id: 54b9cffd20bc7308721ac9f2255aa20916811af3
chatgpt: Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr., a decorated military veteran who deployed pilots on September 11, 2001, was one of the eight people killed in Monday's crash of two D.C. Metro trains. Wherley was on his way home from a meeting when the trains collided shortly after 5 p.m. in northeast Washington, D.C. Wherley served as the commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard from 2003 to 2008, during which time he oversaw the Guard's response to Hurricane Katrina and the 2009 Presidential Inauguration. Before that, he served for 30 years in the Air National Guard, retiring in May 2006. Wherley's military career included piloting military aircraft and commanding several high-profile military missions. On the morning of September 11, 2001, he was responsible for deploying Air National Guard pilots to intercept and escort the hijacked planes that ultimately crashed into the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon in Washington, D.C. Washington, D.C., Mayor Muriel Bowser praised Wherley's service to the city and country in a statement, saying, "He was as fine a public servant, and as fine a leader, as anyone I've met. He served our country with great distinction and honor, and he will be deeply missed." The crash occurred when one train rear-ended another train that had stopped on the tracks. The cause of the accident is under investigation, but early reports suggest that a signaling issue may have been a factor. Wherley's wife, Ann, was also killed in the crash. The other six victims have not yet been publicly identified. The crash has once again raised concerns about the safety of the D.C. Metro system, which has had a long history of safety issues and has been the subject of increased scrutiny in recent years. In 2009, nine people were killed and dozens more were injured when two trains collided on the system's Red Line. And earlier this year, the system's General Manager resigned amid criticism over a series of safety incidents. As authorities investigate the cause of the crash, friends and colleagues of Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. are mourning the loss of a dedicated public servant and military leader.