article: (CNN) -- More than 50 vehicles -- including a bus carrying Boy Scouts -- collided in a massive pileup on a snow-swept New Hampshire interstate Sunday, closing the highway in one direction for five hours, authorities and witnesses said. Cars and buses are crunched together after a major pileup on Interstate 93 on Sunday. There were no fatalities and no apparent life-threatening injuries, although rescue personnel were working to extricate people from crushed vehicles on Interstate 93 near Derry, according to Lt. Chris Aucoin of the New Hampshire State Police. Stephanie Hasenauer was traveling with her son on a bus taking about 30 Boy Scouts on a ski trip. She said the bus came upon an auto accident at about 9 a.m. and stopped. Then, she said, "at least 30 or 40 cars all piled up behind us."  Watch the aftermath of the massive pileup » . "It was unbelievable. There were cars, buses, 18-wheelers, plow trucks," Hasenauer told CNN. "Most people [in wrecked vehicles] couldn't get out of their doors -- they were climbing out the windows," she said. "One guy who was further back, his car went under [an] 18-wheeler and couldn't get out. The first thing the firefighters did when they got there was try to save him." Hasenauer said the bus was bumped by at least two cars but there were no injuries on the bus. People in other vehicles were not so lucky. "The worst thing I saw was this one family -- there was a man in his 40s, he had a lot of cuts, he had blood on his face and head," Hasenauer said. "We saw a lot of blood on the road and snow. One girl -- part of the same family -- had a big gash on her head." Hasenauer said light snow was falling at the time of the pileup, and Aucoin of the state police said there was about 10 inches of snow already on the ground in the area. At least 10 people were taken to area hospitals, Aucoin said, and traffic on northbound lanes of the interstate was blocked for nearly five hours until the highway was cleared. iReport.com: Did you see the pileup? Share photos, video . Hasenauer said the Boy Scout bus was stuck at the scene for about an hour but then turned around and headed home, and the Scouts would have to miss their ski trip because of the accident. "It was just a huge huge mess," she said. "One kid got a little queasy when he saw the blood, but that's it. We'll see if the shock sets in tonight when they go to bed."
highlights: NEW: I-93 reopens five hours after crash involving cars, buses, 18-wheelers . Bus taking Boy Scouts on ski trip was near front of pileup, witness says . No fatalities or major injuries reported; at least 10 taken to hospitals, police say . Police say there was 10 inches of snow on the ground where wreck occurred .
id: 99f7d3c18f819fca24c00f5f4cdf635d13c979f9
chatgpt: The morning commute in New Hampshire was disrupted due to a major crash involving cars, buses, and 18-wheelers on the I-93. The highway was closed for five hours but has since reopened. Fortunately, no fatalities or major injuries were reported, according to police, but at least ten people were taken to hospitals. A witness reported that a bus carrying Boy Scouts on a ski trip was near the front of the pileup. It is not clear if anyone on the bus was injured in the crash. The cause of the accident is still under investigation. Police reported that there was 10 inches of snow on the ground where the wreck occurred. Road conditions were likely a factor in the crash. It is important for drivers to be cautious during winter weather conditions and to slow down when driving on slick and icy roads. The crash caused major traffic delays in the area for several hours, leading to frustrated drivers and passengers. Emergency vehicles were on the scene, along with tow trucks, as the wreckage was cleared from the road. The I-93 is a major transportation route in New Hampshire, connecting the southern part of the state with the northern reaches of the White Mountains. Thousands of commuters, tourists, and truck drivers use this road every day. Incidents like this are a reminder of the importance of safe driving practices, especially in challenging weather conditions. It is critical for all drivers to be vigilant and to follow traffic laws, including maintaining a safe distance between vehicles and obeying posted speed limits. As the winter season continues, it is essential for drivers to take extra precautions when driving in snow and ice. This includes checking weather and road conditions before heading out, preparing their vehicles for winter driving, and being aware of changing weather conditions while on the road. The I-93 crash is a reminder that winter weather conditions can be hazardous, but with proper preparation and caution, we can all stay safe while on the roads. The New Hampshire State Police are continuing their investigation into the cause of the accident, and we will update this story as more information becomes available.