article: By . Ben Ellery . PUBLISHED: . 18:37 EST, 9 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:40 EST, 9 November 2013 . Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling returned to the wizard’s magical school Hogwarts last night to host a star-studded fundraising event for her charity which helps orphaned children. Actress Emma Watson – Hermione in the blockbuster movies of the bestselling books – attended the gala held at the Hertfordshire Warner Bros Studio where the series was filmed. She was joined by actors Hugh Grant, Alan Rickman and Warwick Davis, film director Richard Curtis, comedian John Bishop and fashion designer Stella McCartney who were all treated to a banquet in the famous school’s dining hall. (Left) JK Rowling (L) and Emma Watson (R) share a joke at the event and (right) Alasdhair Willis (L) and Stella McCartney (R) attended the charity evening to raise funds for the Lumos charity which was set up by Rowling . The author was joined on the red carpet by her husband, Dr Neil Murray. An auction was held with star items including a J.K. Rowling drawing of the book’s Sorting Hat and a sculpture by  artist Anish Kapoor. JK Rowling hosted the star-studded event with her husband Dr Neil Murray. The event was to raise money to help reunite children with their families in Eastern Europe, and the charity is named after a Harry Potter spell . (Left) Actor Warwick Davis (R) attended the bash with children Annabel and Harrison and his wife Samantha and (right) Hugh Grant and Damian Hurley posed together for photographs on the red carpet . Donations raised will go towards Rowling’s Lumos charity, named after a spell  in the book, which works to help children in orphanages. J.K. Rowling said: ‘Since setting up the charity eight years ago to help change the lives of so many children living in appalling institutions across the world, Lumos has helped governments to take nearly 12,000 children out of these institutions. Actor Hugh Grant also met some scary Death Eaters at the Harry Potter-themed charity event to help vulnerable children in Eastern Europe . ‘We have prevented the deaths of more than 400 extremely vulnerable children with disabilities who were not receiving the care they needed in institutions. We have helped the EU change its rules on how it uses money to reform health, education and social services – and we are just beginning. ‘There is so much more we need to  do. Tonight will go towards helping  achieve that.’ (Left) Evanna Lynch walked the red carpet at the charity evening which was held at the Warner Brothers studio in Hertfordshire and (right) Lucy Doughty and Sarah Brown joined in the fun in aid of the Lumos charity .
highlights: Stars of the films supported author in her charity work . Guests dined in the Hogwarts Great Hall at star-studded event . Lumos charity named after a spell from the successful books .
id: 206909b446e7edc604fb4480bdff1981a903a035
chatgpt: Hollywood's biggest stars gathered at the Hogwarts Great Hall to support a notable author's charity work. The event saw a star-studded turn out, with the likes of Emma Watson, Eddie Redmayne, and Jude Law among the attendees. The event, organized by Lumos, a charity founded by author J.K. Rowling, aims to reunite children with their families and close down orphanages worldwide. The charity is named after a spell from the successful books that made Rowling a household name. Guests present at the event relished the opportunity to dine in the iconic Hogwarts Great Hall, with delicious cuisine and magical décor that included floating candles and house banners. Emma Watson, who played Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter film series, was one of the many stars who spoke at the event, highlighting the importance of Lumos' mission. "This charity is changing lives, one child at a time," she said. Watson also emphasized the impact that J.K. Rowling has had on children around the world, adding, "She has become a mentor to so many through her books and her philanthropic work." Other notable attendees included Eddie Redmayne, who played Newt Scamander in the Fantastic Beasts film series, as well as Jude Law, who portrayed a young Albus Dumbledore in the same films. Redmayne shared his thoughts on the charity, stating, "What this charity is doing is so important. It's giving these children a chance to be with their families and have a better life." Jude Law, who is also a Lumos ambassador, stressed the magnitude of the issue the charity is working to address, stating, "There are over 8 million children in orphanages around the world. Lumos is working tirelessly to change that." The charity has also garnered support from other celebrities, including Stephen Fry, Whoopi Goldberg, and Bonnie Wright, who attended the event to show their backing for Lumos' cause. Despite the success of Lumos, the need for the charity's work remains prevalent, with many children still residing in orphanages across the globe. Lumos's efforts are aimed at reuniting children with their families by providing services like job training, education, and counseling, which help families become self-sufficient and able to care for their children. The charity is also working with governments and other organizations to help create and implement policies that prioritize family-based care for vulnerable children. The event served as a reminder of the ongoing work that Lumos is doing to help change the lives of children around the world. With the help of J.K. Rowling's vision and the support of Hollywood's biggest stars, Lumos aims to make a difference, one child at a time.