article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The State Department will renew its contract with Blackwater to provide security in Iraq, Greg Starr, acting assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security, said Friday. An woman passes a burnt car in a Baghdad neighborhood where Blackwater guards killed 17 in September. No provisions have been added to the contract, Starr said, but Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ordered several changes to procedure after a September incident in which Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 people, including women and children. The incident placed the operations of Blackwater and other security firms under scrutiny in Iraq, where an estimated 25,000 private contractors protect diplomats, reconstruction workers and government officials. Under a provision instituted in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq, security contractors have immunity from Iraqi law. The five-year State Department contract, which began in 2006, must be renewed every year and is up for renewal next month. Starr said, in effect, Blackwater's contract will roll over for another year. Blackwater is one of three contractors working under a "task order" to provide security services in Iraq. The other two are Triple Canopy and DynCorp. An agreement, or memorandum of understanding, between the State Department and U.S. military calls for a higher level of coordination and supervision of contractors, Starr said. Blackwater still has to work under the rules of the Iraqi government, he said. The FBI is in charge of the U.S. investigation of the September incident, in which survivors and victims' family members said Blackwater guards started shooting unprovoked. Blackwater said its employees were returning fire after coming under attack from armed insurgents, but an Iraqi investigation called the killings "premeditated murder." Starr said the U.S. government, in particular U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker, will take a close look at the FBI's investigation report and then "decide whether it is consistent with U.S. goals and policies to continue the contract." He said it will be important to see whether the FBI finds Blackwater itself criminally responsible, or merely a few of its employees. "We can terminate contracts for the convenience of the government if we have to," he said. "I am not going to prejudge what the FBI is going to find in its investigation. It's complex. I think the U.S. government needs protective services." Starr said he did have some concern about the reaction of the Iraqi government and people. But he noted that there have been only three additional "escalation of forces" incidents since the new rules of engagement. "I am up to this point very satisfied with the changes we have seen," he said. "Essentially I think they do a very good job. The September 16 incident was a tragedy, it needs to be investigated carefully. The results of that will come out of that eventually and we will decide how we will proceed." Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell declined to comment, referring all questions to the State Department. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 people in disputed incident . FBI investigating Blackwater; contract will be reviewed afterward . Contractors protect diplomats, reconstruction workers, government officials . Security contractors have immunity from Iraqi law .
id: d10d857a200b2659cb809b8e14d5858dc5156dc6
chatgpt: The private security company Blackwater is under FBI investigation after a disputed incident in which Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 people in Baghdad. The contract between Blackwater and the US government will also be reviewed following the incident. The contractors’ job is to protect diplomats, reconstruction workers, and government officials, but they are shielded from Iraqi law. The incident occurred on September 16th, 2007, in Nisour Square, a busy intersection in Baghdad. Blackwater guards were escorting a convoy of US State Department vehicles when they opened fire on Iraqi civilians, claiming that they were under attack. However, witnesses and evidence suggest that the shooting was unprovoked and indiscriminate. The victims included women, children, and elderly men, and many were shot in the back as they tried to flee the scene. The incident sparked outrage in Iraq and around the world, with many calling for the prosecution of the Blackwater employees responsible. However, the security contractors employed by Blackwater have immunity from Iraqi law, thanks to an agreement between the US government and the Iraqi authorities. This has led to criticism of the use of private security companies in Iraq, with some arguing that they are above the law and can act with impunity. The incident has also raised questions about the oversight and regulation of private security companies. Despite their important role in protecting diplomats and vital infrastructure in Iraq, these companies operate without much public scrutiny or accountability. Blackwater, in particular, has faced numerous allegations of misconduct and has been involved in several controversial incidents, including a shooting in Afghanistan in 2009 that led to the deaths of two civilians. The FBI investigation into the Nisour Square incident has been ongoing for over a decade, with a number of Blackwater employees charged with various offenses, including murder, manslaughter, and weapons violations. The case has been complicated by the legal immunity afforded to the contractors, as well as by the difficulty of gathering evidence and testimony in a war zone. Many are hoping that the review of the Blackwater contract will result in greater oversight and accountability for private security companies operating in Iraq and elsewhere. However, others argue that such companies are necessary to protect US interests in regions of instability and conflict. As the investigation continues, the families of the victims continue to seek justice and hold those responsible for the Nisour Square incident accountable. It remains to be seen whether the review of the Blackwater contract will lead to meaningful change in the regulation and oversight of private security companies, or if incidents like Nisour Square will continue to occur with impunity.