article: WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The United States ambassador to Afghanistan, William Wood, said Friday that changes in communications with Afghan military forces have been made in the aftermath of a disputed U.S. air raid on an Afghan village. Civilians are overcome with emotion outside a home destroyed by a U.S. airstrike in Afghanistan. And despite Afghanistan's outrage over the loss of life, he said, the incident has not undermined the nations' relationship. The Afghanistan government has said that as many as 90 civilians -- including many children -- were killed in the August 22 air attack on a village in the Shindand district of Western Afghanistan. The United States had said that only seven civilians died, along with dozens of insurgents. A number of investigations into the incident are under way, including a "senior level" review by the United States. "People who are reviewing our findings have been in Afghanistan for a while, and I don't know when they will complete their review," Wood said at the State Department late Friday. "There is no American involved who doesn't feel a personal sense of pain and regret any time any civilian casualty occurs," he said. "Speaking as an official of the American government, I can say there is no one who works harder than the United States does to minimize such casualties. "I know as a matter of absolute certainty of operations that have been canceled precisely because there was a risk of civilian casualties," he added. "I think there is no question there has been what one Afghan official referred to as 'sort of a bumpy time' over this issue in the last few weeks. I think that it has never threatened the underlying relationship of confidence between our two countries and between our peoples or between our military and the people of Afghanistan. "That said, we are certainly committed to taking the steps necessary to ensure that such casualties are reduced to the absolute minimum and to working closely, even more closely, with the Afghan government to successfully carry out the military mission." The ambassador said the United States has made changes in communication between the U.S. and Afghan forces. "Steps are already not simply under way but have been taken to improve coordination," he said. U.S. and Afghanistan officials have just completed a new round in what is called the United States-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership. A joint U.S.-Afghanistan statement released Thursday referred to the attack. "The United States delegation expressed regret over the loss of any innocent civilian lives incurred during security operations," the statement said. "In response to concerns expressed by the government of Afghanistan, the United States is conducting a senior level review and assessment of the August 22 Shindand operation. In addition, both sides recognize the need for establishing a mutually agreed-upon framework and mechanism to minimize civilian casualties and to maintain the strong support of the Afghan people in fighting terrorism."
highlights: U.S. ambassador says bombing led to "bumpy time" Afghan government says August airstrike killed 90 civilians . U.S. says attack killed seven civilians and many insurgents . Incident hasn't threatened nations' relationship, ambassador says .
id: 0f6e7c544db5d38bd510f30a8eeebadf5a5aa980
chatgpt: The United States ambassador to Afghanistan, John Bass, has acknowledged that the August bombing responsible for the death of at least 90 civilians within an Afghan village created a "bumpy time" between the two nations. In a statement, Bass claimed that the incident has not threatened the diplomatic relationship shared between the United States and Afghanistan. The airstrike, carried out in the northern Kunduz province, has been a source of great tension in the region since it occurred. The Afghan government accused the United States of targeting civilians and accused the Taliban of using human shields during the attack. Speaking to reporters on Monday, Bass suggested that the death toll had been inflated and that the airstrikes only killed seven civilians, while also killing "many insurgents."  Bass went on to express regret for the loss of innocent life and emphasized that the incident was a mistake that will be looked into by both governments. Afghan officials have denied the claim and have urged the United Nations to investigate the attack. The Afghan government has also launched its investigation, which they state is ongoing. This bombing is not the first time that the United States has caused civilian deaths in Afghanistan. The conflict in Afghanistan has resulted in the deaths of thousands of civilians, and tensions between the two nations have been high for years. The latest event adds insult to injury, and it remains to be seen what actions the Afghan government will take to address the issue. In response, the United States has promised to launch an internal investigation into the matter. It is important to note that this airstrike was not the only one carried out in the region. In fact, the United States has been ramping up its military presence in the area, and these bombings have resulted in the deaths of many civilians. Despite the casualties, Bass remains optimistic that the relationship between the United States and Afghanistan remains strong. The ambassador acknowledged that the airstrike has caused a "bumpy time" between the two nations but emphasized that the incident has not affected their overall strategic partnership. The statement suggests that Bass has attempted to downplay the significance of the event and quell the growing anger within Afghanistan. The situation in Afghanistan remains tense, with the Taliban increasing its activity in the country. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has also hit the country severely, leading to a humanitarian crisis. The situation is dire, and the latest event has only made matters worse. It is yet to be seen what consequences the United States will face, if any, as a result of the Kunduz airstrike.  In conclusion, the August bombing in the Kunduz province, Afghanistan, led to the death of at least 90 civilians. The United States has claimed that only seven civilians were killed and that the airstrike mainly targeted insurgents. The incident has created tension between the two nations, but the U.S. ambassador has downplayed the significance of the event, claiming that it did not threaten the overall strategic partnership between the two nations. The bombing has only made the situation in Afghanistan worse and, coupled with the COVID-19 pandemic, has resulted in a humanitarian crisis in the region.