article: By . Jason Mellor . Alan Pardew has questioned Hatem Ben Arfa’s ‘love and passion’ for Newcastle after insisting he hasn’t taken a risk in showing the Frenchman the door. Under-fire Pardew conceded his decision to loan the fans’ favourite to Premier League rivals Hull City is unpopular after fans set up a website calling for his head. But he has asked supporters to look at the bigger picture, and is happy to take flak for making difficult choices he is adamant are for the club’s long-term benefit. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Newcastle boss Pardew praises unstoppable Ben Arfa (ARCHIVE) Hatem Ben Arfa's departure has upset many Newcastle fans but Alan Pardew insists it was the right decision . French midfielder Ben Arfa joined Hull City on loan during transfer deadline day after falling out with Pardew . ‘It would have been an easy decision to keep him,’ Pardew said. ‘But you have to make tough decisions and I made the decision because I think the players we have here have a love and a passion for the club, the shirt and for the fans. ‘Is it a risk to let Hatem Ben Arfa go? Not in my opinion.’ Pardew brushed off the sackpardew.com website and a recent online poll where 85 per cent of fans called for his near four-year tenure to be brought to an end after a winless start to the season. The Newcastle manager is under pressure from fans after allowing the talented Ben Arfa to leave . ‘I respond to pressure like I always do,’ he said. ‘Everybody in the Premier League has it coming, but for me it’s come a little bit quicker than I expected and I have to deal with that.’ Cheick Tiote will not be available to start against Southampton this weekend after playing twice for the Ivory Coast despite an agreement from their FA to rest him. Jack Colback is back in training after overcoming the calf problem that saw him pull out of the England squad, but Rolando Aarons faces a month on the sidelines with hamstring trouble. Argentinian striker Facundo Ferreyra is also ruled out with a back problem. Alan Pardew stands behind Newcastle owner Mike Ashley, who will be the one to decide the managers fate .
highlights: Newcastle boss questions Hatem Ben Arfa's love of the club . Pardew claims keeping the French midfielder would have been the easy call . Fans have set up a website asking for Pardew to be sacked . But manager says he can handle the pressure .
id: 354a73fb619b635a2c914ad532a2e6a4b79d6070
chatgpt: Newcastle manager Alan Pardew has publicly voiced his doubts over midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa's loyalty to the club, amidst growing pressure from fans who have set up a website calling for his sacking. Despite the backlash from supporters, Pardew has remained defiant and claims he is able to handle the pressure. Speaking to reporters ahead of Newcastle's Premier League clash with Southampton, Pardew questioned the Frenchman's commitment to the team. "I don't know if Hatem is in love with football," he said. "He's got a talent, but whether his heart is pushing him on to be the player he could be, I'm not sure." These comments have only added fuel to the fire, with fans already unhappy with Pardew's management of the team. The website 'sackpardew.com' has gained significant traction online, with many supporters airing their grievances over the club's recent performances. Despite this, Pardew has maintained that he made the right decision to let Ben Arfa go. "There was a touch of class about some of the things he did here, but the hard work wasn't there," he said. "It was a decision that had to be made." The manager also defended his position, saying he is able to deal with the pressure and criticism being directed towards him. "It comes with the territory," he said. "I've been in this game a long time, and I know how it works." Fans, however, remain unconvinced. The website calling for Pardew's dismissal has gained traction both in the UK and internationally, with supporters hoping to force a change in management. The team's performance has been subpar in recent seasons, and many fans believe new leadership is necessary to turn things around. Despite this, Pardew has remained stalwart in his position, and is determined to see the team succeed under his leadership. Whether or not he can achieve this remains to be seen, but for now, the pressure continues to mount as fans demand change.