article: (CNN) -- If you haven't heard, "Twin Peaks" is coming back. On Monday, Showtime announced that the early-'90s David Lynch series would return for a limited run in 2016. 'Twin Peaks' returns -- on Showtime . A new "Twin Peaks" could be intriguing, since the show was so labyrinthine to start with. Indeed, the Internet erupted with enthusiasm at the news. Other ideas, such as the possibility of a "Say Anything" TV series, haven't been so well received. Nowadays, there's no reason that a show has to die completely. Thanks to the endless appetite for content and nostalgia, old noble failures can be repurposed, rethought and recast to make shiny NEW failu -- uh, hopefuls. (Besides, as the saying goes, there's nothing new under the sun.) What could these shows be? A long time ago -- back in the '90s and '00s -- there was a program on the now-defunct network Trio called "Brilliant But Cancelled," which was a way to showcase a number of notable network programs that died before their time. It was a chance to look anew at shows such as Larry Gelbart's "United States," the prescient "Profit" and the bizarre "Lookwell," starring Adam West and created by Conan O'Brien and Robert Smigel. (Trio, which had an interesting mix of old talk shows, British reruns and a smattering of new programming, also died before its time, with its plug pulled in 2005.) We've come up with our own list of TV series that we wouldn't mind seeing get a second shot. With the right brain trust, some of these programs can be better than they were. The best example is probably "Battlestar Galactica," which in its original incarnation was an old-fashioned space opera. When it was brought back in 2004, it became a trenchant commentary on terrorism, religion and its impact on society. What other shows could be rebooted? Check out the gallery for a few suggestions -- and join the comments to add some of your own.
highlights: "Twin Peaks" returning in 2016, latest show to be rebooted . Bringing back old shows combines nostalgia, need for content . A number of old shows could use revivals .
id: b1059fb48a800f8723a416d3c5fcc5aa84030b7d
chatgpt: "Twin Peaks" is set to make a comeback in 2016. The show, which aired from 1990-1991, has been considered a cult classic by many. Bringing back old shows has become increasingly popular in recent years, as both streaming services and traditional networks look for ways to combine nostalgia with the need for fresh content.  Many old shows could use revivals, and "Twin Peaks" is certainly not alone in this regard. The industry has become obsessed with the idea of rebooting series, hoping to capitalize on viewers' fond memories of beloved characters and familiar settings. Network executives know that there is a built-in audience for shows that were once popular, which can make it easier to market new versions of old favorites. Of course, not every reboot has been successful. For every critically acclaimed hit like "Twin Peaks," there are plenty of shows that failed to capture the magic of the original. Creating a successful reboot requires a delicate balance between acknowledging the source material and updating it for a contemporary audience. The trick is to retain what made the original show so beloved while still making it feel fresh and new.  One of the most challenging aspects of rebooting a show is deciding which original cast members to bring back. Some shows have been fortunate enough to bring back most or all of the original actors, while others have had to make do with a handful of returning stars. There is no right or wrong answer; the decision largely depends on who is available and who is willing to participate.  No matter how successful or unsuccessful they may be, reboots of old shows show no signs of slowing down. From "Fuller House" to "Murphy Brown," there are plenty of much-loved properties that are getting another chance to shine. Whether or not audiences will embrace the resurgence of familiar shows is yet to be determined, but there's no denying that there is a certain comfort in revisiting characters and worlds that feel like old friends.  In the end, the appeal of rebooting old shows lies not just in nostalgia, but in the creative flexibility it provides. By revisiting old properties, showrunners are able to explore new ideas and possibilities within a familiar framework. Whether or not "Twin Peaks" is successful in its new incarnation, it's clear that audiences are eager to see more of the shows they grew up with.