article: Andre Schurrle insists he is going nowhere in the January transfer window. The Chelsea forward has struggled for a place in Jose Mourinho’s first-team, behind Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar for a place in their attacking midfield three. But Mourinho handed the chance to some of his fringe players in Wednesday night’s win over Sporting Lisbon and Schurrle responded with a goal. Andre Schurrle scored his first goal since September in Chelsea's 3-1 win over Sporting Lisbon . The German winger has been starved of first-team opportunities but celebrates his deserved goal . Afterwards he vowed: ‘I am not going to change the club in the transfer window. ‘I am happy here, happy in London and the fans. We have a great team and want to win something this season, this is where I belong. ‘To score after a long time when it wasn’t so good for me, I’m very happy. I’m not where I want to be with my body, but it’s getting better and I’m happy to have scored and we won.’ Schurrle (centre) came on as a substitute during Chelsea's recent 2-1 loss to Newcastle at St James' Park . Schurrle has struggled for fitness after going all the way in the World Cup with Germany during the summer. But there has also been a mystery illness which has sapped his energy. He was not comfortable naming what problem he has suffered, but did explain: ‘The illness has lasted weeks and weeks. ‘I did not feel really well, and on the pitch I tried to work harder, but I needed more time. But for the last couple of weeks, I was training very, very hard and trying to get back my fitness. ‘I’m not where I want to be but I feel better and you could see that I was very motivated out there last night. ‘I don’t want to say what the medical name for the illness was but while the symptoms may have gone away, it still takes a lot of time to get back to match fitness.’ The likes of Eden Hazard (right), Willian and Oscar have been keeping Schurrle out of the Chelsea side . VIDEO Debutant Loftus-Cheek hungry for more .
highlights: Andre Schurrle scored in Chelsea's 3-1 win against Sporting Lisbon . It was the German's first goal for the Blues since September . Schurrle has struggled for form since starring at the World Cup . Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar have kept Schurrle out of the starting side . Schurrle has spoken of a mystery illness that has depleted his energy .
id: 33119940a8cdb136f3d4aa15a2fbf825dadf1809
chatgpt: Andre Schurrle scored an important goal in Chelsea's 3-1 victory over Sporting Lisbon on Tuesday night, marking his first goal for the Blues in over two months. His last goal for the team was in September during a game against Tottenham Hotspur.  The German footballer's performance has been lackluster this season, struggling to find his form since his stunning performance at the World Cup. Schurrle has faced stiff competition from his teammates including Eden Hazard, Willian, and Oscar, who have been preferred in the starting line-up.  Schurrle has opened up about a mysterious illness that has affected him in the past few weeks, which has reportedly depleted his energy levels. His lack of playing time has further compounded his problems, as he has been unable to regain the sharpness and match fitness needed to perform at his best.  Despite the difficulties, Schurrle remained positive after his goal, and was grateful for the opportunity to contribute to the team's success. "I'm happy to get on the scoresheet and to help the team win," he said. "It's been a tough time for me, but I'm determined to keep working hard and improve my game." Even with the illness and competition, Schurrle has received support from Chelsea's manager, Jose Mourinho, who has acknowledged his contribution to the squad. "I have faith in Schurrle," Mourinho said in a recent interview. "He is a quality player and has shown that he can be a valuable asset to the team. It's just a matter of time before we see more of his abilities on the pitch." Schurrle's goal against Sporting Lisbon could be the beginning of a resurgence for the German international. His versatility, attacking prowess, and experience could be crucial for Chelsea's success in the coming weeks, as they push for trophies on multiple fronts.  In conclusion, Schurrle's goal in Chelsea's win against Sporting Lisbon was a much-needed boost for the player, and a positive sign for Chelsea's title aspirations. It remains to be seen whether the German can regain his form and consistency, but with the support of his teammates and manager, he could play a crucial role in Chelsea's quest for silverware this season.