article: Fort Hood, Texas (CNN) -- Crime-scene testimony dominated Tuesday's proceedings in the court-martial of admitted Fort Hood gunman Nidal Hasan, with an FBI agent describing the "chaotic" scene of the 2009 massacre. Special Agent Susan Martin, a member of the team that collected evidence from the processing center where Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32, said seven bodies were visible from the moment she walked in the door. The yellow folding cards, known as "tents," that agents carried to mark evidence numbered only up to 100 -- a figure far short of the number of shell casings and bullet holes investigators had to catalog, she said. "It was very chaotic," Martin said. "There were several bodies in Area Four. There was medical equipment all over the floor. It was a pretty gruesome scene." Army social worker thought shooting was an exercise . Investigators had to use adhesive-backed pieces of note paper to identify the evidence scattered across the floor, she said. The FBI ultimately entered 146 shell casings and six magazines into evidence from the scene. FBI Special Agent Brett Mills analyzed the trajectory of 58 of the bullets from five separate shooting locations, calling it "the worst scene I've ever seen." Agents analyzed the trajectory analysis of more than 270 bullet holes in the building, but could not re-create all of the paths of the bullets because furniture and other evidence was moved in the process of trying to treat victims, they said. Hasan, an Army psychiatrist who was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage, admitted at the start of the trial August 6 that he opened fire in the processing center where soldiers were being prepared for deployment to Afghanistan and Iraq. Fort Hood victims feel betrayed . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent, Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings. Prosecutors allege the devout Muslim had undergone a "progressive radicalization," giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime. If convicted, he could face the death penalty. In a military capital trial, a guilty plea is not an option. Hasan is representing himself, but with attorneys assigned as stand-by counsel to assist him. Those lawyers requested to be removed last week, saying they believed Hasan was trying to help prosecutors win a death sentence. The presiding judge, Col. Tara Osborn, refused their request Thursday, calling their complaints "nothing more than their disagreement with Hasan's strategy in conducting his defense." CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "The worst scene I've ever seen," FBI agent testifies . Agent recounts the "chaotic" scene of the 2009 killings at Fort Hood . Army psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Hasan is charged with killing 13 people, wounding 32 . Hasan has admitted he was the gunman; he's representing himself .
id: bdea25cce9ae1e6736969f30ca4295874fb40538
chatgpt: In a gripping testimony, an FBI agent has described the 2009 Fort Hood massacre as "the worst scene I've ever seen." The scene that greeted the agent was one of chaos, with multiple bodies scattered throughout the area. During the trial of Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan, who is charged with the murder of thirteen people and the wounding of thirty-two others, the FBI agent recounted the horrific details of the event. Hasan has admitted to being the gunman and is representing himself in court. The trial has been closely watched, with many hoping for some measure of justice for the victims and their families. The Fort Hood massacre was one of the deadliest shootings on an American military base in history. The prosecution has laid out a compelling case against Hasan, painting him as an extremist and radicalized individual who carried out the attack in the name of jihad. Hasan had reportedly been in contact with known terrorists before the shooting, and his actions appeared to reflect the ideology of Islamist extremist groups. The defense, however, has sought to portray Hasan as a troubled individual who suffered from mental health issues and was pushed over the edge by the pressures of his job. Hasan was set to deploy to Afghanistan at the time of the shooting, and his defense has claimed that he was conflicted about his duties as a Muslim and as a member of the US military. The testimony of the FBI agent further strengthens the prosecution's case, painting a vivid and disturbing picture of the massacre. Hasan's self-representation has also made for a unique and unusual trial, with the accused cross-examining witnesses and making legal arguments in court. Overall, the trial has brought renewed attention to the issue of domestic terrorism and the threat of extremism within the United States. The Fort Hood massacre remains a tragic and somber reminder of the dangers that come with radicalization and violent ideologies. The testimony of the FBI agent serves as a powerful reminder of the human toll of such actions and the need for justice and accountability.