article: By . Allan Hall . Last updated at 5:30 PM on 26th February 2012 . Berlin wants to send German inspectors to Greece to ensure all taxes that are due are collected. The controversial move will see a 'foreign legion' of 160 or so taxmen head south to try and root out corruption and make sure national coffers are filled in a country where revenue evasion is an art form. Finance department secretary of state Hans Bernhard Beus announced his plan to the WirtschaftsWoche business magazine. Troubles: A fire burns in Athens during protests as the new £108bn Greek bailout is negotiated . It comes just weeks after Europe rejected a German move for a financial 'gauleiter' to oversee all of Greece's books in a bid to avert financial meltdown. But in order to receive billions in bailout funds, Greece has had to agree to fire dozens of underperforming tax inspectors in the coming months. Germany believes its beancounters will be able to drive out in excess of £50billion, either hidden under mattresses or in secret accounts, into the clear light of day and then into state coffers. Last week, European leaders finally agreed a fresh bailout for Greece, worth £108billion. Protest: A demonstrator is detained by riot police as the Greeks negotiated their eurozone bailout. Now Berlin want to send German tax inspectors . Call: George Osborne says IMF should not fund another eurozone bailout . But concern remains throughout Europe that Athens will not be able to meet strict conditions attached. Greece views such an offer as 'humiliating' and believes it to be one more attempt by Germany to take control of the nation piece by piece. Beus' description of his tax squad as 'volunteers' is meant to reduce the tensions between the two countries. Another finance official, Thomas Schaefer of the state of Hesse, said he was looking at calling up a 'dad's army' of retired tax officials to move into Greece to help find the estimated £15 to 20bn in annual undeclared income. 'It would be possible to mobilise such people with large practical experience quite easily,' he said. The German demand comes as Britain and the world's other leading economies in the IMF said they should not be forced to fund another eurozone bailout. Speaking . as finance ministers gather in Mexico for the G20 summit, the . Chancellor said extra funds would not be handed over until countries who . use the struggling single currency commit resources themselves. In . an interview with Sky News, Mr Osborne said: 'We are prepared to . consider IMF resources but only once we see colour of eurozone money and . we have not seen this. 'While at this G20 conference there . are a lot of things to discuss, I don’t think you’re going to see any . extra resources committed here because eurozone countries have not . committed additional resources themselves, and I think that quid pro quo . will be clearly established here in Mexico City.'
highlights: 160 could be sent to Greece to root out tax corruption . Athens resisting 'humiliating' German demands . George Osborne says IMF should not fund another eurozone bailout .
id: db0a6b67eb37d0796ed62282c64001028da4f9ab
chatgpt: The potential involvement of up to 160 international experts in Greece to help combat tax corruption has been met with resistance by Athens. Germany, which has been taking a leading role in Europe's response to the Greek crisis, is said to be pressing for the involvement of the team from the OECD, but the Greeks are reportedly regarding this demand as a 'humiliation'. The Greek government is keen to demonstrate its commitment to taking the fight against corruption seriously, but it is wary of being seen to bow down to international demands without a fight. This latest move is yet another example of the challenges facing both Athens and its European partners as they seek to find a solution to the ongoing crisis. Meanwhile, the UK's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, has called for the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to stay out of any new eurozone bailout plan. Speaking at an event in New York, Osborne argued that the IMF should not put its name to a deal that did not address the core issues facing European economies, such as high debt levels and a lack of competitiveness. Osborne's comments are significant because the IMF has played a key role in previous efforts to stabilise the eurozone, providing financial backing to countries such as Greece. However, the UK is not a member of the eurozone and is not directly involved in the negotiations over a new bailout package. These latest developments underline the complexity of the situation in Greece and the differences of opinion between European countries over how best to tackle the crisis. The Greek government has been under increasing pressure to implement further austerity measures in order to secure more financial assistance, but this has been met with resistance from ordinary citizens who are already struggling with the impact of previous spending cuts. The potential involvement of the experts from the OECD is designed to help the Greeks crack down on tax evasion and to increase revenue collection. This would help to ease the country's debt burden and strengthen its weak economy. However, the Greek government is said to be concerned that the presence of outsiders could be seen as a sign of weakness, and could undermine its efforts to win public support for its economic agenda. The negotiations over a new bailout plan for Greece are continuing, but progress has been slow. The eurozone is keen to avoid a repeat of the crisis that erupted in 2015, when Greece came close to leaving the single currency. However, there are still significant differences of opinion between European countries over how best to mitigate the risks facing the Greek economy. In light of George Osborne's comments, it remains to be seen whether the IMF will be willing to back a new bailout plan that does not meet its criteria. This could potentially undermine efforts to secure a deal that is acceptable to all parties, and raise fresh questions over the future of the eurozone. For now, the focus remains on the negotiations between Greece and its European partners. The potential involvement of international experts in the fight against tax corruption is just one of many issues on the table. It is clear that finding a solution to the crisis will require compromise and cooperation, but the road ahead remains uncertain.