article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 10:05 EST, 9 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:36 EST, 9 May 2013 . A Columbia University football player has been charged with a hate crime for allegedly assaulting another student and using racial slurs. Chad Washington was charged with misdemeanor aggravated harassment as a hate crime. Police say the 19-year-old defensive lineman followed the victim from his dorm room, grabbed him by the collar, yelled racial slurs and threatened to beat him up. Defence: Footballer Washington is a defensive linesman for the University's Columbia Lions team . Washington was arraigned on Wednesday and released without bail. His attorney, Daniel Fetterman, said that the allegations did not accurately reflect the events. The victim is of Asian descent. Washington is black. The 6ft 4in athlete allegedly heckled two women his victim was with. When the 19-year-old victim came to their defence, Washington grabbed him, law enforcement officials said. Washington also reportedly sent racist tweets from his account which has now been deleted, according to his college newspaper, Columbia Spectator. Accused: Chad Washington, 19, appeared in court on Wednesday . The message, which was sent on March 7, last year, was revealed amid a host of racist and homophobic slurs allegedly sent by the college football team. The Columbia Spectator also reported that Washington recently wrote an op-ed piece for the newspaper in which he said student athletes deserved more respect than they're given on campus. School officials said that they were not able to comment on the case. Washington is due back in court on July 8. His attorney, Daniel Fetterman, said: 'The allegations do not accurately portray the events that occurred.' He added: 'When all the facts come out, it will be clear that Mr. Washington did not commit a hate crime, and he will be vindicated.' The alleged attack and accusations . of the football team sending racist and homophobic tweets has led . student leaders at Columbia to draft a statement, Columbia Spectator . said. The university's . Student Wellness Project founder Wilfred Chan said on Facebook that it . will condemn 'racism, sexism, and associated acts of violence'. Young minds: Columbia University in Manhattan has been a leading university for 250 years .
highlights: Chad Washington, 19, grabbed victim by collar and threatened to beat him .
id: b62460521b9cce80060ec7800f3477ca1a1c38cc
chatgpt: In yet another example of brazen violence, 19-year-old Chad Washington has been arrested after allegedly grabbing a man by the collar and threatening to beat him. The incident occurred on Tuesday evening outside a convenience store in downtown Raleigh. According to witnesses, the victim had just exited the store when he was confronted by Washington, who appeared to be agitated. Eyewitnesses told local media that the two men exchanged words before Washington suddenly lunged at the victim and grabbed him by the collar. Witnesses say Washington then threatened to beat the man if he didn't leave the area immediately. Several witnesses who saw the incident called 911, and police arrived on the scene within minutes. Upon arrival, officers found the victim shaken but unharmed. He provided a statement to police detailing the events leading up to the altercation. Meanwhile, Washington was taken into custody without incident. He has been charged with assault and making a terroristic threat, both of which are considered serious offenses in North Carolina. The incident has caused outrage among residents of the area, many of whom expressed shock at the brazenness of the attack. Some questioned whether enough is being done to address rising levels of violence in the community. "I never thought I would see something like this happen in broad daylight," said one resident who witnessed the attack. "It's just scary to think that something like this could happen to anyone at any time." Others are calling for increased police presence in the area to deter violence and other criminal activity. "Something needs to be done to make this community safer," said another resident. "We can't keep living in fear like this." As of Wednesday evening, Washington remained in custody pending further investigation. Authorities say they are taking the incident very seriously, and are urging anyone with information about the attack to come forward. They say they are committed to bringing those responsible for criminal activity to justice, and will not tolerate violence in the community.