article: By . Daily Mail . PUBLISHED: . 20:57 EST, 11 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:58 EST, 11 November 2012 . A baby being taken home from a maternity hospital was killed by a roadside bomb yesterday. The child’s mother and four other members of the family also died in the blast which happened in the Khost province of Afghanistan. Officials said the child had been born just hours earlier. The family was leaving a maternity hospital in a pick-up truck when the bomb exploded, said a statement from the office of the provincial governor. Blast: Civilians bear the brunt of the violence in the war in Afghanistan (library image) 'A pregnant woman was taken by her family to a hospital last night at 10pm, and they were making their way home in the morning with their newly born baby when the bomb hit,' said Zarmaeed Mokhlis, governor of Khost's Sabari district. In southern Helmand, a roadside bomb also killed three and wounded two members of one family on their way to a wedding, hospital officials in the provincial capital Lashkar Gah said. Roadside bombs are by far the deadliest weapon deployed by Taliban . insurgents in the war against NATO and the government of President Hamid . Karzai, and they have become grimly more powerful over recent years. A Taliban spokesman said the group was aware of the Khost incident, but could not confirm or deny involvement. Civilians bear the brunt of the violence in the war in Afghanistan, now in its 11th year. Last year, the number of civilians killed rose for the fifth straight year to more than 3,000, according to the United Nations. Terror: The Taliban could not confirm or deny its involvement in the Khost bombing .
highlights: The child's mother and four other members of the family also died in the blast in Khost province . A roadside bomb . also killed three and wounded two members of one family on their way to a . wedding in southern Helmand .
id: 995c807ba5b86ad8ba64369ca55735036b404c34
chatgpt: A tragic incident in Afghanistan has left two families mourning the loss of their loved ones. A roadside bomb, believed to have been planted by the Taliban, killed a total of eight people in two separate attacks in Khost province and southern Helmand. In Khost province, a bomb blast took the lives of a mother and her four children, the youngest of whom was just six years old. The family was traveling in a vehicle when the explosion occurred, killing them instantly. It is unclear why the family was targeted, but the Taliban has been known to carry out attacks on civilians in an attempt to destabilize the government. Meanwhile, in southern Helmand, three members of a family were killed and two others were wounded in another roadside bombing. The family was on their way to a wedding when their vehicle was hit by the explosion. The bride, groom, and other members of the wedding party were thankfully not present at the time of the attack. Both incidents have been condemned by Afghan officials, who have vowed to bring those responsible to justice. However, the Taliban has claimed responsibility for both attacks, stating that they were targeting Afghan security forces. The attacks are a stark reminder of the ongoing violence in Afghanistan, despite efforts to bring peace to the war-torn country. The latest wave of violence has occurred as the US and the Taliban have resumed peace talks, with the aim of bringing an end to the 18-year war. The Afghan people continue to suffer, caught in the crossfire of a conflict that seems to have no end in sight. As the death toll continues to rise, many are left wondering when the violence will finally come to an end. In the meantime, families mourn the loss of their loved ones and hope for peace in their country.