article: Liverpool's hero against Arsenal, Martin Skrtel, is one of 13 defensive players  with doubts surrounding their long-term futures at the club. At present, it seems certain there will be another overhaul at Anfield next summer. The Slovakian, who scored an injury-time equaliser against the Gunners on Sunday, has 18 months left on his contract, while Glen Johnson, Kolo Toure, Brad Jones, Jon Flanagan and Brad Smith are all out of contract in June. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Brendan Rodgers: Martin Skrtel is a real warrior for Liverpool . Martin Skrtel, pictured celebrating against Arsenal, is one of 13 defensive players who could leave Liverpool . Former Arsenal defender Kolo Toure (right) is out of contract at the end of the season . Glen Johnson, pictured limping off with an injury against Manchester United, is also out of contract in June . Sebastian Coates, Andre Wisdom, Thiago Ilori are out on loan, with Mamadou Sakho, Jose Enrique and Simon Mignolet struggling for form. Javier Manquillo, who is on loan from Atletico Madrid, could return to the Spanish side. Liverpool have not opened talks with Johnson, while discussions about a new deal for Flanagan are pending while he recovers from the cartilage operation that has prevented him playing this season. Toure, however, is desperate to prove he can stay beyond next summer. The Ivorian has played well since getting his place back place in the team and he said: 'I have not heard anything but, of course, I would like to stay. I always try and do my best for this club.' Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet, pictured in training, has been dropped after a poor run of form . Sebastian Coates (left), pictured in action against Newcastle United, is currently on loan at Sunderland . Frenchman Mamadou Sakho (left) has failed to impress since returning to action after injury . Skrtel, meanwhile, believes Liverpool have shown signs of revival in their last three fixtures after a poor first half of the season. Speaking after the 2-2 draw with Arsenal, he said: 'In the last three games against Manchester United, Bournemouth and Arsenal we have shown great performances and we need to keep going this way and it will be good for us and results will be better. We showed that spirit, fight, desire. It is a good point but we wanted more. 'To get a point was reward for fighting to the end. The goal and the performance can help turn things around because there has been a lot of criticism of us and I hope it will change and be better in the second half of the season.' VIDEO Skrtel strikes late to earn Liverpool draw .
highlights: Liverpool have conceded 24 goals in 17 Premier League games so far . The Anfield club look set for another major overhaul next summer . Glen Johnson, Kolo Toure and Jon Flanagan all out of contract in June . Sebastian Coates, Tiago Ilori and Andre Wisdom are out on loan .
id: 8ae2b1057771afde7c8fd1f7de543fadfca85a9c
chatgpt: Liverpool Football Club is currently enduring a tough Premier League season which has seen them concede 24 goals in their first 17 games. The Anfield club is reportedly set for another major overhaul next summer as they look to improve their defense and overall squad depth. The Reds have struggled defensively this season, conceding an average of 1.41 goals per game, which ranks them 11th in the league. With just 8 clean sheets to their name, Liverpool's defense has been identified as a major area for improvement if they are to challenge for the title next season. Adding to their defensive woes, Liverpool is set to lose three experienced defenders in Glen Johnson, Kolo Toure, and Jon Flanagan, whose contracts all expire in June. Johnson has been a useful asset for Liverpool in recent years, but at 30 years old his best days are behind him. Toure has been a solid performer for Liverpool since he joined in 2013, but at 33 years old he is no longer seen as a long-term option. Flanagan has struggled with injuries and has been unable to hold down a regular place in the squad. In addition to these potential departees, Liverpool has three defenders out on loan: Sebastian Coates, Tiago Ilori, and Andre Wisdom. Coates and Ilori are on loan at Sunderland and Bordeaux respectively, while Wisdom is gaining experience at Norwich City. All three players have shown potential in the past, but it remains to be seen if they can make the grade at Liverpool. With so many defenders potentially leaving Anfield next summer, Liverpool will be under pressure to sign quality replacements. The club's owners, Fenway Sports Group, have been willing to spend money in the past, and it is likely that they will once again open their chequebooks to bring in top-class talent. Another area Liverpool will be looking to strengthen is their attacking options. With Daniel Sturridge struggling with injuries, and Mario Balotelli failing to make an impact since his move from AC Milan, Liverpool has been overly reliant on Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho for goals this season. Overall, Liverpool's current squad is far from the finished article, and with a major overhaul expected next summer, fans will be hoping that the club's owners make the right decisions in the transfer market to improve the team's fortunes.