article: A prankster has registered a x-rated website domain in the name of a married Texas Republican congressman. Father-of-two Blake Farenthold is supposedly  signed up for the address 'Blow-me.org', according to the internet database Whoisology. The email address and telephone number on the listing links back to the Tea Party member's Elect Blake Farenthold Committee. Prank victim? Father-of-two Blake Farenthold is supposedly signed up for the address 'Blow-me.org', according to the internet database Whoisology . The contact details are also related to the congressman's computing business, Farenthold Consulting Group, that he set up in 1996. Farenthold, who has represented Texas's 27th congressional district since 2011, has yet to comment on the issue. During his campaign, a photo of him posing in his 'duckie' pyjamas next to a lingerie model at a fundraiser was released. He had innocently attended the event at a local bar, but Democrat incumbent Solomon Ortiz wasted no time running an advert with the image, and others of Mr Farenthold drinking alcohol and attending other celebrations. The opponent said that Mr Farenthold plans to give the rich bankers on Wall Street a 'trillion-dollar tax cut'. In April of this year, Farenthold told Attorney General Eric Holder that he should be in jail rather than answering questions during a Capitol Hill Hearing. I'm committed to maintaining the constitutional balance of power and the authority that this legislative branch has,' Farenthold said, 'and I just don’t think it’s appropriate that Mr. Holder be here.' 'If an American citizen had not complied with one of the Justice Department’s subpoenas, they would be in jail and not sitting here in front of me testifying.' Franenthold is yet to comment on the revelations. The website for his computing firm reads: 'Farenthold Consulting is a computer consulting firm specializing in helping professionals use technology to become more productive. We'll help you design, purchase, maintain, and use your computers. 'We'll also help your business connect to and design a presence on the Internet. We don't sell anything but our professional service.' Past picture: During his congressional campaign in 2011, a photo of Farenthold posing next to a lingerie-clad model during a fundraiser was released .
highlights: Blake Farenthold is supposedly signed up for 'Blow-me.org' Phone number and email address linked to his election campaign . Has represented Texas' 27th congressional district since 2011 . In 2010 he was photographed wearing pyjamas next to a lingerie model .
id: ac86ae5d6f5670dcd1250d03b154c1486c403939
chatgpt: Texas Congressman Blake Farenthold is under fire after reports surfaced that he allegedly signed up for a risqué website under the username "Blow-me.org". The website, which promotes casual sexual encounters, supposedly had Farenthold's phone number and email address linked to his campaign for re-election.  Farenthold, a Republican who has represented Texas' 27th congressional district since 2011, has yet to publicly address the allegations. However, this is not the first time the congressman has been embroiled in scandal. In 2010, he was photographed wearing pyjamas next to a lingerie model during a fundraiser event.  This latest revelation has added to the mounting criticism already faced by Farenthold, who has been accused of fostering a hostile work environment in his office. Last year, his former communications director, Lauren Greene, filed a lawsuit against him, claiming she was fired after complaining about his "sexualized" behavior, which included unwelcome touching and sexually-charged remarks.  The case was settled out of court for $84,000, paid for with taxpayer money, but Farenthold has refused to step down from his position despite calls from his own party to do so. In December, the House Ethics Committee launched an investigation into his conduct. The Blow-me.org scandal is just the latest in a series of allegations that has Farenthold's future as a congressman in jeopardy. The website in question claims to provide a platform for people seeking casual sexual encounters with like-minded individuals. While it is unclear whether Farenthold actually engaged in such activities, the mere association with such a website is enough to create uproar.  This is not the first time that politicians have been caught up in sex scandals. In fact, it seems to be almost a rite of passage for many elected officials. However, Farenthold's case is particularly egregious, given the multiple allegations he is facing. It remains to be seen how this latest scandal will play out, but it is clear that the congressman will have a hard time justifying his association with Blow-me.org.  As for his constituents, many have already expressed outrage at the notion that their representative would engage in such activities, and are calling for his resignation. Farenthold's only response so far has been a statement through a spokesperson, in which he denied any wrongdoing. Whether that will be enough to save his political career remains to be seen.