article: A teenage girl from North Carolina has been arrested and charged with killing her newborn son. Charlotte-Mecklenburg police say Daniela Villarreal's baby was only 26 days old at the time of his death Tuesday. The 17-year-old mother is now facing charges of murder and felony child abuse. According to investigators, a 911 call came in at 4.20am Tuesday about an unresponsive child in the 2200 block of Canterwood Drive. Tragedy: Daniela Villarreal (left), 17, from North Carolina, has been charged with murder and felony child abuse in the death of her newborn son, Luis Miguel Jr (right) Innocent life: The baby was only 26 days old when he died after being physically assaulted . Paramedics who arrived on the scene rushed Villarreal's son, Luis Miguel Jr, to Carolinas Medical Center-University, where he was pronounced dead. An investigation has determined that the baby, who was born December 11, died as a result of physical assault, reported Charlotte Observer. Miss Villarreal voluntarily came in to speak with police Tuesday night and was taken into custody after the interview. On her Facebook page, the teen mom appeared excited about having a baby in the months leading up to his birth, sharing her ultrasound photos and posing for pictures showing off her growing bump. Mom-to-be: On Facebook, Villarreal appeared excited about having a baby in the months leading up to his birth . Miracle: The little boy, pictured here in an ultrasound image at the 20-week mark, was delivered December 11 . Teen mom: The 17-year-old wrote a status update in September lamenting that she cannot work or take classes because of her unborn son . But in mid-September, about six months into her pregnancy, the 17-year-old wrote a status update lamenting that she cannot work or take classes because of her unborn son. 'Cant wait til this little Boy comes and Im able to do what i want!! I want to be successful in life!!' Villarreal wrote, adding that her goal is to 'get stacks' so she could help her son out. Over the summer, Villearreal gushed in numerous posts about her pregnancy and how impatient she was to finally meet her baby boy.
highlights: Daniela Villarreal, 17, from North Carolina, charged with murder and felony child abuse . Villarreal's son, Luis Miguel Jr, died Tuesday after being physically assaulted .
id: 6b663f7eead7f66c2e282e7de03d449e60b68dc9
chatgpt: A 17-year-old from North Carolina, Daniela Villarreal, has been charged with murder and felony child abuse following the death of her son, Luis Miguel Jr. The baby died on Tuesday after being physically assaulted. According to police reports, Villarreal was the sole caretaker of her baby at the time of the assault. Her family discovered the baby was unresponsive and immediately called for help. Luis was taken to the hospital where he later succumbed to his injuries. After an autopsy was conducted, it was concluded that the baby died from blunt force trauma to the head. Villarreal was subsequently arrested and charged with murder and felony child abuse. Authorities have yet to release a motive for the alleged assault. But Villarreal's family and friends claim that she suffered from mental health issues and may have been under a lot of stress. However, they never expected her to harm the baby. "It's just devastating," said Villarreal's friend, Maria Santiago. "We're all shocked and trying to piece together what happened. Daniela was a really sweet girl. We had no idea she was capable of something like this." Neighbors say that they never heard any signs of struggle coming from the apartment where Villarreal lived with her baby. Police are continuing their investigation and trying to determine if anyone else was involved in the crime. Meanwhile, the community has come together to mourn the loss of the baby. A memorial has been set up outside the apartment complex where Villarreal lived, with flowers, candles and notes of condolences. A vigil is also planned for later this week. "Our hearts go out to the family of the baby," said a spokesperson for the local police department. "This is a tragic situation and we're doing everything we can to find out what happened so justice can be served."  Villarreal is currently being held without bail and is due back in court later this month. If convicted, she faces a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole.