article: Allen Daniel Hicks Sr was taken in by police in May 2012 after they spotted him veering on the road . A driver who had a stroke on the road died after being left untreated in a jail cell for 36 hours. Allen Daniel Hicks Sr was taken in by police in May 2012 after they spotted him veering on the Interstate 275 in Tampa, Florida. He is said to have been rambling incoherently and dragging his left leg as the policemen booked him into jail. He lay on the floor of his cell for more than a day before being taken to Tampa General Hospital and diagnosed is an ischemic stroke. The 51-year-old went into a coma and died months later, reported the Tampa Bay Times. State officials are now opening a review into health contractors Armor Correctional Health Services Inc almost a year after his death. Armor is responsible for managing prisoners health care in Hillsborough County Jail system. The Department of health has refused to comment or confirm the investigation, but lawyers for Hick’s family say they have been contacted by a medical quality assurance investigator. Armor spokeswoman Yeleny Suarez said the company had not been contacted by the Department of Health, but the Sherriff’s office had been in touch. They add that they: ‘will cooperate fully with ongoing investigations.’ Armor cares for prisoners at 13 country jails and four Department of Corrections in the state. They are also involved in prison management of four other states. They earn $20million per year from Hillsborough alone. The officials left Mr Hicks on the floor of the jail cell without noticing he had had a stroke . Thea Clark, deputy chief legal counsel for the Sheriff's Office, said that jail officials have provided all of their records to the state. This includes jail surveillance video and internal memos that were critical of Armor. Clark sent an internal memo earlier this year stating that a Tampa General Hospital neurosurgeon who treated Hicks ‘was extremely critical of the medical care provided by Armor’ to Hicks during his stay at the Orient Road and Falkenburg Road jails. Mr Hicks, who was from Tampa (pictured), was left in a coma and died months later . Hicks' heirs were paid $200,000 in a wrongful-death settlement by the Sherriff’s Office, in addition to $800,000 paid by Armor . An internal review cites at least ten nurses who were involved in the care of Allen Hick. The Department of Health can take action to suspend or revoke the medical licenses of individuals, but does not have power to regulate many businesses and institutions.
highlights: Allen Daniel Hicks Sr was jailed after they spotted him veering on the road . He is said to have been talking incoherently and dragging his leg . Was left to lie in a jail cell for more than a day before being taken to hospital . Died in hospital months later after slipping into a coma .
id: ec9454925e57f61cc5d76b9350625d638603e272
chatgpt: A man who was jailed for erratic behavior on the road unfortunately passed away months later after slipping into a coma. Allen Daniel Hicks Sr, 53 years old, was pulled over by police when they witnessed him veering on the road and driving erratically. It was reported that he was talking incoherently and dragging his leg at the time of his detainment. Unfortunately, Hicks was left to lie in a jail cell for over a day before being finally transported to the hospital. Sources claim that he had suffered a seizure while in his cell and was quickly taken to the hospital. After months of fighting, Hicks ultimately passed away while in a coma. Many are questioning the actions of the police in this matter, as it is unknown why Hicks was left in a jail cell for such a long period of time. Reports suggest that he was in great distress and discomfort, which may have contributed to his eventual health decline. The family of Hicks has expressed their profound grief over his death, and is understandably seeking answers to the circumstances surrounding his detainment and subsequent passing. They have also expressed their deep gratitude to the medical staff that assisted in his care, but are in great sorrow over the loss of their loved one. The community is also voicing its concerns and opinions about the situation. Many people feel that the police should have acted differently in this particular case, especially given Hicks’ erratic behavior and clear distress. It has also been suggested that the police may have overlooked Hicks’ medical needs, which may have contributed to his eventual death. Overall, the situation surrounding the death of Allen Daniel Hicks Sr is a tragic one. As the family mourns their loss and seeks justice, investigators will likely continue to delve into the details surrounding the events leading up to and following Hicks’ detainment. Only time will tell what the true facts of this case are, but one thing is for certain: the loss of a loved one is always a difficult and heart-wrenching experience.