article: By . Alex Greig . PUBLISHED: . 17:01 EST, 2 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:26 EST, 2 February 2014 . Retail stores and other businesses may soon use facial recognition technology to identify and track big spenders. Many retailers already use the technology to identify known shoplifters when they enter stores. Companies such as FaceFirst provide email or text notifications to alert business owners to known thieves. Now, many companies are working on adding a new service in addition to security - boosting sales by tracking and targeting big-spending customers. Instant recognition: Facial recognition technology makes an equation based on your facial features, like a fingerprint . UK-based NEC IT Solutions is already being used in several top stores around the U.S. to identify celebrities and valued customers. When a valued customer enters the store, staff are sent vital information about them, including their name, clothing size, favorite brands and purchase history. FaceFirst currently protects businesses from shoplifters. 'Just load existing photos of your known shoplifters, members of organized retail crime syndicates, persons of interest and your best customers into FaceFirst,' a marketing pitch on the company’s site explains. 'Instantly, when a person in your FaceFirst database steps into one of your stores, you are sent an email, text or SMS alert that includes their picture and all biographical information of the known individual so you can take immediate and appropriate action.' Joseph Rosenkrantz, chief executive . of FaceFirst, told The New York Times that he envisions stores using the . system to recognize shoppers and send personalized offers to their . phones. Valued customer: Tech companies are developing facial recognition systems that recognize big spenders and regular customers . Security: Facial recognition is employed in some retail stores to alert staff when known shoplifters enter the store . Technology experts and consumer advocates are meeting to discuss just that in the first of a series of meetings concerning the technology in Washington D.C. on February 6. The National Telecommunications & Information Administration will to develop a 'voluntary, enforceable code of conduct that specifies how the Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights applies to facial recognition technology in the commercial context' in the meetings. 'Commercial facial recognition technology has the potential to provide important benefits and to support a new wave of technological innovation,' John Verdi, the agency’s director of privacy initiatives told the New York Times, 'but it also poses consumer privacy challenges.'
highlights: Facial recognition technology is being developed to track and target customers . Many retailers currently use the technology to identify shoplifters . The National Telecommunications & Information Administration is meeting in Washington D.C. next week to begin developing a 'voluntary, enforceable code of conduct .
id: a1d9ca79625d0ef22c019e5099b7e50853e7d99d
chatgpt: The rise of facial recognition technology in the retail industry has been causing concern among privacy advocates. The technology is being used by many retailers to identify shoplifters, but there are fears that it could be used to track and target customers. To address these concerns, the National Telecommunications & Information Administration (NTIA) is set to meet in Washington D.C. next week to begin developing a "voluntary, enforceable code of conduct" for the use of facial recognition technology in the retail industry. Facial recognition technology uses algorithms to analyze and identify unique features of a person's face. This technology is becoming more prevalent in the retail industry, as retailers seek to improve their security and prevent theft. However, privacy advocates worry that this technology could be used to track customer behavior and target ads or other marketing materials to specific individuals. They argue that this could be a violation of customers' privacy rights and could lead to unwanted targeting or profiling. The NTIA's meeting next week is aimed at addressing these concerns and developing guidelines for the responsible use of facial recognition technology in the retail industry. The NTIA is a division of the U.S. Department of Commerce and is responsible for advising the president on telecommunications and information policies. The agency has been working on developing best practices for facial recognition technology use for several years, and this meeting is a continuation of their efforts. The goal is to develop a code of conduct that is "voluntary, enforceable, and transparent," according to an NTIA spokesperson. The code of conduct will cover issues such as data security, transparency, and accountability for the use of facial recognition technology in the retail industry. It will also address concerns about the collection and use of biometric data, such as facial images. In addition to privacy advocates, many retailers are also supportive of developing guidelines for the responsible use of facial recognition technology. They recognize the potential benefits of the technology but also acknowledge that there are risks involved. The NTIA's efforts to develop a code of conduct for facial recognition technology use in the retail industry are a step in the right direction. Hopefully, these guidelines will strike a balance between the benefits of the technology and the need to protect customers' privacy rights.