article: By . Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 20:52 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:06 EST, 5 October 2013 . UKIP leader Nigel Farage is set to target the Kent seaside seat of South Thanet at the next general election. Mr Farage will have to depose the incumbent Tory MP, Laura Sandys, who only won the seat in 2010. The leading Eurosceptic ran in the seat in 2005 but came a distance fourth. UKIP leader Nigel Farage is set to target the Kent seaside seat of South Thanet at the next general election . That was before UKIP’s surge in the polls, when it recently overtook the Liberal Democrats to become the third most popular party. In the May local elections, UKIP won seven out of eight local seats for the Kent county Council, eliminating all the Tories. Immigration is a key concern in the area after a rise in Polish migrants in recent years. South Thanet also has a higher than average number of pensioners, who might find UKIP’s right-of-centre politics appealing. UKIP hopes to win at least one Westminster seat in 2015 after its candidate came second in the Eastleigh by-election, beating the Tories into third place. Mr Farage was seriously injured when his light aircraft crashed during an election stunt when trying to unseat Commons speaker John Bercow in 2010 . Mr Farage, the South East England MEP, tried to unseat Speaker John Bercow in his Buckinghamshire seat at the last election. His dare-devil antics nearly cost him his life, however, as on election day a by-plane carrying him and his pilot crashed. Mr Farage was hospitalised with broken ribs and failed to win the seat. UKIP expected to do very well at the European elections next spring but observers point out that its backers may not automatically vote UKIP in the general election. South Thanet has swung between the Conservatives and Labour since the 1980s and is not unused to controversial MPs: Jonathan Aitken was once an MP for the constituency. Mrs Sandys, the local Tory incumbent told the Financial Times, who revealed Mr Thanet was poised to stand in South Thanet: ‘I am not like Nigel Farage, but I think that will help me. Bring it on.’ A UKIP spokesman said: ‘No decision will be made until after the European Parliament elections in May next year.’
highlights: Farage is MEP for South East England but has never been an MP . Missed out seat of Buckinghamshire at last election losing to John Bercow .
id: a60583210c4f875ed61449e4e9cd8f4e8270d33f
chatgpt: Nigel Farage, the well-known Brexit campaigner and former leader of UKIP, has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for South East England since 1999, but has never been elected to the UK House of Commons. Despite this, many consider him to be a highly influential figure in British politics. Farage has attempted to win a seat in the UK Parliament several times. In the most recent general election, which took place in 2017, Farage stood for the constituency of Buckinghamshire. Unfortunately for him, he was beaten by the incumbent MP, John Bercow, who had been the Speaker of the House of Commons since 2009. Bercow won the seat with a majority of over 3,200 votes, while Farage came in second place with just over 10,000 votes.  This defeat was a blow to Farage's political ambitions, as he had hoped to use a seat in Parliament to further his agenda of pushing for a hard Brexit. However, he remains an influential figure in British politics, and his pro-Brexit party, the Brexit Party, recently won the largest number of seats of any UK party in the European Parliament elections.  Farage's appeal to many voters lies in his populist, anti-establishment message. He has positioned himself as a champion of the "forgotten" people who feel left behind by the mainstream political parties. His call for the UK to leave the European Union without a deal has resonated with many who are frustrated by what they see as the UK's failure to assert its independence in the face of EU bureaucracy.  Despite his lack of success in winning a seat in the House of Commons, Farage's influence cannot be underestimated. He played a significant role in the 2016 referendum campaign, which saw the UK vote to leave the EU, and continues to be a vocal advocate for Brexit.  In conclusion, although Nigel Farage has never been a Member of Parliament, he has had a major impact on UK politics. His populist message and staunch pro-Brexit stance have resonated with many voters, and he remains a divisive figure who is likely to continue to play a significant role in British politics in the coming years.