article: (CNN) -- Puffing on electronic cigarettes is already a no-no on flights, but the government wants there to be no doubt. The Department of Transportation is proposing to explicitly ban the use of the devices on planes. "Airline passengers have rights, and this new rule would enhance passenger comfort and reduce any confusion surrounding the use of electronic cigarettes in flight," said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood. Electronic cigarettes look like the real thing, but they're actually battery-operated devices that turn nicotine into a vapor that is inhaled by the user, according to the FDA. They're a potential cause for concern because "there is a lack of scientific data and knowledge of the ingredients in electronic cigarettes," the DOT said. But the Tobacco Vapor Electronic Cigarette Association criticized the move, insisting that the devices only emit water vapor. "It makes absolutely zero sense," said Ray Story, the group's CEO. "It only gives the smoker a dosage of nicotine, but it doesn't do anything else to the innocent bystander. ... I have sat next to people who wore a particular type of cologne that was far more intrusive than what this particular product is." The DOT believes its current ban on smoking of tobacco products is broad enough to include electronic cigarettes, but wants to eliminate any confusion. Some airline passengers have been "vaping" on planes, convinced that the devices are exempt from the ban. In July, a Sandy, Utah, man was arrested after an altercation that began when he started using an electronic cigarette on board a Southwest Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Salt Lake City. The story prompted hundreds of comments from CNN.com readers, many defending electronic cigarettes and arguing they're a smoke-free way to provide relief for passengers suffering from nicotine withdrawals during a flight. "The problem is not with the people using this device, but with the people around them who are psychologically affected by the fact that it LOOKS like a cigarette and someone is sucking on it," one commenter wrote. But others worried about the safety of using the devices at 35,000 feet, as well as their health effects on others. "I sat next to someone who was e-smoking and it's impossible to contain all of the nicotine mist. I don't want to breathe that stuff and shouldn't have to sit next to someone on a plane who is spewing chemically loaded mist. Get a patch or nicotine gum if your addiction is that bad," a commenter wrote. The DOT's proposed rule would apply to all U.S. and foreign airlines on scheduled flights to and from the United States. Officials are also considering whether to extend the ban on smoking to charter flights. Amtrak has already banned the use of e-cigarettes on trains and in any area where smoking is prohibited, the DOT said, and the U.S. Navy doesn't allow them below decks in submarines. The government will accept public comments on the proposal until November 14.
highlights: Government proposes to explicitly ban the use of electronic cigarettes on planes . E-cigarettes look like the real thing, but they're actually battery-operated devices . There's been confusion whether they're covered by the DOT's ban on smoking . Some airline passengers have been "vaping" on planes despite the ban .
id: daa6ca8fe860fa70bed00e2bfd05ab7414b7cb0e
chatgpt: The US government has proposed a new regulation that would explicitly ban the use of electronic cigarettes, or e-cigarettes, on airplanes. Despite their appearance as a real cigarette, e-cigarettes are actually battery-operated devices, and their use has caused confusion as to whether they are covered by the Department of Transportation's (DOT) ban on smoking. Some airline passengers have taken advantage of the unclear language in the DOT's regulations, and have been "vaping" on planes despite the ban. However, this new proposal would clarify the regulations and make it clear that e-cigarettes are not exempt from the ban. The proposed regulation would amend the current rule prohibiting smoking on domestic and international flights, and specifically add language banning the use of e-cigarettes. This move is being made to address concerns about the health effects of e-cigarettes, as well as the potential for the devices to be mistaken for real cigarettes. While there is still some debate over the long-term health consequences of e-cigarette use, many experts have raised concerns about the chemicals found in the devices and the potential for secondhand exposure. In addition to the health concerns, the use of e-cigarettes on airplanes has caused tension among passengers and crew members. Many people have reported feeling uncomfortable or annoyed by the use of these devices on a flight, particularly when they produce visible vapor. Some airlines have already decided to ban e-cigarettes on their flights, but this proposal would ensure that all airlines follow the same rules, and that the regulations are clear and enforceable. Several groups have expressed support for the proposal, including the American Lung Association and the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. These groups have argued that e-cigarettes should be treated the same as traditional cigarettes, and that the use of the devices should be prohibited in all public spaces, including airplanes. Opponents of the proposal argue that e-cigarettes pose a lower risk to public health than traditional cigarettes, and that a ban on the devices is unnecessary. However, advocates of the ban argue that the potential risks of e-cigarette use are still not fully understood, and that it is better to err on the side of caution. The DOT will accept comments on the proposal for 60 days, after which it will make a final decision on the regulation. If the proposal is approved, e-cigarette use will be explicitly banned on all flights, and passengers who violate the ban may face penalties or be removed from the flight. In the meantime, travelers are encouraged to be respectful of their fellow passengers and crew members, and to comply with the current ban on smoking (which may soon include a ban on e-cigarette use as well). By working together to keep our skies safe and healthy, we can help ensure that air travel remains a pleasant experience for everyone involved.