article: Bounding up and down the football field dressed to the nines, this dog's certainly ready for some Super Bowl action. Munchkin the Instagram-famous Shih Tzu, is seen in a new video out on a playing field in Southern California wearing her comical teddy bear suit which has been adapted in preparation for Sunday's sporting event. The 8lb canine's red, blue and white ensemble indicates she's rooting for the New England Patriots. It includes white shorts, a red jersey with the number '00' and a padded safety helmet. A football also rests neatly Munchkin's paw. In one photograph, her outfit is topped off with a pair of football boots. The pup took to the spotlight last fall when she debuted a rather unscary Halloween bear costume. Her owner Cindy Roth crafted the fluffy ensemble out of a plush toy. She then posted photographs and videos of Munchkin online, with many fans likening the animal to an 'adorable' version of the Star Wars Ewoks. What a sport: Bounding up and down the football field dressed to the nines, this dog's certainly ready for some Super Bowl action . Instagram star: Munchkin the Shih Tzu is seen in a new video out on a playing field in Southern California . Ready for action: Her comical teddy bear suit has been adapted in preparation for Sunday's sporting event . An 11-second film shows Munchkin bounding up to the camera completely unaware of how funny she looks. To make the costume, Roth measured Munchkin up and selected an appropriately sized toy. She also picked a teddy with matching sandy-colored fur. She then cut the face, feet and back out of the soft bear and removed all of the stuffing except for the arms. To finish, Roth inserted Munchkin's front arms into the teddy's legs. Munchkin appears to have a penchant for dressing up and another photo shows her modeling a party hat, complete with pink feather trim. Her novel antics have secured her a burgeoning fan base, with her YouTube channel boasting more than ten million hits. Au naturel: The pup took to the spotlight last fall when she debuted a rather unscary Halloween bear costume made by her owner Cindy Roth - here she is seen at home without her outfit . Camera-ready: Munchkin's novel antics have secured her a burgeoning fan base, with her YouTube channel boasting more than ten million hits . Wrapped up: She appears to have a penchant for dressing up - here she models some winter gear .
highlights: The 8lb dog has found internet fame wearing a comical teddy bear suit . A new video shows her bounding along a football field in Southern California decked out in sports kit .
id: 4de5ae33f09eaa3d82dcbd6303745316d55b60a8
chatgpt: A pint-sized pooch named Mochi from Southern California has been making waves on the internet lately with her hilarious fashion sense. The 8lb dog has been sporting a teddy bear costume that has taken the online world by storm. But now, Mochi has gone beyond simply modeling her fuzzy ensemble. In a brand new video, the tiny pup can be seen bounding along a football field, decked out in full sports gear. The video shows Mochi running around with a small football helmet and a jersey, pulling off the look with pure athletic prowess. The video has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times already on social media, further solidifying Mochi's status as an internet sensation. Mochi's owner, Gemma Birbeck, says that the dog's fame has come as something of a surprise. "I never expected her to become this popular online," she says. "But I suppose anything can happen on the internet these days." The teddy bear costume that started it all was originally just a fun, silly outfit that Birbeck picked up for Mochi one day while browsing pet stores. "I thought it looked cute and funny, and I guess other people agreed," she says. Since then, Mochi's wardrobe has expanded to include all sorts of quirky costumes and outfits, each one more adorable than the last. And now, with her newest sports getup, Mochi has proven that she's more than just a pretty face – she's got some serious athleticism to back it up. It's not just Mochi's fans who are impressed with her skills, either. Local football fans who saw Mochi running around the field during the shoot said they were amazed at how well she could keep up with the ball. "She's quite the little athlete," said one onlooker. "I wasn't expecting her to be able to keep up like that, but she really surprised me." With her combination of charm, comedy, and sports skills, it's no wonder that Mochi has become such a beloved figure online. And with more videos and photos to come, it seems like we'll be seeing a lot more of this tiny dog and her hilarious antics in the coming months.