article: By . Sian Boyle . Holidaymakers in Majorca will be fined £500 if they dare to walk the streets in just their bikinis or trunks. Island authorities have implemented a ban on wearing bathing costumes away from the beach or poolside. The new regulations come in this month after workers in bars, restaurants and shops complained that they were fed up with having to serve under-dressed holidaymakers. Authorities in Majorca, pictured, have implemented a ban on wearing bathing costumes away from the beach or poolside. Holidaymakers who are caught flouting the rules will be fined £500 . Palma city council’s ‘Ordenanza Civica’, otherwise known as the Good Citizen Plan, is aimed at both tourists and locals. Under a section titled ‘Etiquette’, it says anyone ‘devoid of superior parts of clothing’ in roads not immediately adjacent to the beach will be fined. Other proposals also include the banning of glass bottles from the beach and fining cyclists who use the pavement. The city’s deputy mayor Alvaro Gijon said the swimwear ban was meant to preserve ‘harmony and civility’. He added that he did not know ‘of any upscale resort town’ that allows the practice of wearing swimwear in public. The rules are the latest developments in Majorca – long the destination for millions of British holidaymakers – aimed at making the island more upmarket. Last year officials introduced a ban on drinking alcohol in public, and Mr Gijon said he wanted to transform Majorca’s image by upgrading hotels and restaurants. Anyone 'devoid of superior parts of clothing' in roads not immediately adjacent to the beach will be fined by local authorities as part of the new rules which are aimed at making the island more upmarket . He also said he wanted to target the four-mile Playa de Palma strip just outside the capital, banning drinking there and turning it into a destination for gastronomy and sports facilities rather than drinking buckets of sangria on sun loungers. Elsewhere in Spain, a similar bikini-ban was introduced in Barcelona in 2011, aimed at tourists who wander off the beach and onto the streets in bikinis and trunks. The city hall voted to ban ‘nudity or virtual nudity in public places’ and limit swimwear to swimming pools, beaches, adjacent roads and beach walks. Those who flout the ban are fined up to £245 (300 euros), while nudists face an even tougher fine of up to £408 (500 euros). In Italy two seaside towns also introduced fines penalising those who flash too much flesh. In Vietri Sul mare and Castellammare di Stabia, both in the Campania region of Southern Italy, the town mayors passed bans on ‘very skimpy clothes’ in 2010. Anyone deemed showing an unreasonable amount of bare skin on streets and in public spaces faces a fine of up to £408 (500 euros) – essential for upholding ‘the area’s image’, according to one town spokesman.
highlights: Local authorities will fine anyone who is caught on the street in swimwear . New 'etiquette' regulation will come into force on Spanish island this month . Several bars, restaurants and shops complained of under-dressed tourists . Other new rules include no cycling on pavements and no glass on beach .
id: 3dd8b3cb3c1e2ad88d11f635c7e373b29a106362
chatgpt: A new regulation that comes into effect this month on a Spanish island will mean that anyone caught on the street in swimwear will be fined. The regulation, coined as an 'etiquette' rule, is intended to address issues around public decency and inappropriate dress. Several bars, restaurants, and shops had raised concerns about under-dressed tourists in the area, which prompted the move. The mayor of the island, Pepe Rodriguez, commented that the new rule would help to address the influx of tourists who are pushing the boundaries of what is deemed acceptable dress in public spaces. He stated that the regulation was not intended to infringe on personal freedom or to impose a dress code for the island as a whole. Rather, it was designed to encourage visitors to be mindful of the environment and other people's sensibilities. The regulation has been passed as a local ordinance, which means that it is enforceable by fines issued on the spot to those who break the rules. The fine amount has not been specified as yet, but local authorities have stated that it will be proportionate to the level of offence. People who spend most of their time in swimwear around the resort areas, where it is more commonly accepted, are unlikely to be affected. Other new rules that have come into effect on the island as part of an effort to promote public order and safety include bans on cycling on pavements and glass on beaches. The restrictions on cycling are intended to protect pedestrians and to improve the flow of traffic on the roads. The glass ban comes after a recent increase in accidents related to broken glass and is intended to make the island's beaches safer for families. The introduction of these regulations has sparked a debate among locals and tourists alike, with some supporting the move and others seeing it as an unnecessary imposition on personal freedom. Some have also pointed to the fact that many other tourist destinations around the world, such as Miami Beach and Dubai, have strict dress codes in place, and that this is simply a reflection of changing cultural norms and expectations. Despite this, many locals and regular visitors have welcomed the new regulations, seeing them as a positive move towards maintaining the island's reputation as a safe and respectful destination. They hope that visitors will begin to show more respect for the local culture and environment and that this will lead to a more harmonious relationship between tourists and locals. In conclusion, the new etiquette rule on the Spanish island is intended to address concerns around inappropriate dress and to encourage visitors to be more respectful of local sensibilities. The ban on cycling and glass on beaches are part of a wider effort to promote public safety and order. While opinions on the new regulations are divided, they are seen by many as a positive move towards maintaining the island's reputation as a safe and enjoyable destination for tourists and locals alike.