article: (CNN) -- A man originally from Eritrea was sentenced Wednesday to more than nine years in U.S. federal prison after pleading guilty last year to conspiring with Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked terror organization, prosecutors said. Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed, a 38-year-old resident of Sweden, received his 111-month sentence in a New York City federal court, said Preet Bharara, U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. Ahmed traveled to Somalia to receive military training from the terror group, federal officials said. Al-Shabaab has made several public statements threatening to harm the United States. "Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed traveled thousands of miles to align himself with al-Shabaab, to aid their campaign of terror and to learn their 'ways of war,'" Bharara said in a statement. "Today, his journey ends in prison and marks the latest victory in our constant effort to protect Americans from terrorism at home and abroad." In addition to the prison term, Ahmed will be deported upon completion of his sentence, prosecutors said. Ahmed pleaded guilty last June to one count of conspiracy to provide material support to the terrorist organization Al-Shabaab and one count of conspiracy to receive military-type training from it, prosecutors said. In a March 29, 2012, letter to a federal judge, prosecutors said a former top leader of Al-Shabaab may have testified against Ahmed if his case were to go to trial. That former leader is Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame, who also had ties to al Qaeda and who secretly pleaded guilty in 2011 to federal charges, the Justice Department said Monday. He has provided the U.S. government with valuable intelligence information, the Justice Department said. The U.S. military captured Warsame at sea in April 2011 while he was traveling from Yemen to Somalia. He pleaded guilty in New York the following December to nine terrorism charges. Al-Shabaab has tried to destabilize the government of Somalia in a "holy war" and has recruited foreign fighters from other countries, including the United States, to engage in violent jihad, prosecutors said. Ahmed was arrested in Nigeria in 2009 after authorities say he traveled to Somalia to undergo bomb-making and bomb-detonation training from members of Al-Shabaab, authorities said. While he was in Somalia, Ahmed paid 3,000 euros (about $3,830) to Al-Shabaab and gave an AK-47 rifle and magazines to a military commander in the group, according to court documents.
highlights: Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed is sentenced to 111 months in prison . He will be deported upon completion of his sentence . The 38-year-old resident of Sweden is originally from Eritrea . He pleaded guilty last year to conspiring with terror group Al-Shabaab .
id: 7998039864dc7a9fd4a2f7980cab7063b8837c2b
chatgpt: Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed, a 38-year-old resident of Sweden originally from Eritrea, has been sentenced to 111 months in prison for conspiring with terrorist group Al-Shabaab. The sentence was handed down last week, with Ahmed expected to be deported upon completion of his sentence. The case against Ahmed dates back to his arrest in 2019, after Swedish authorities discovered that he had links to Al-Shabaab, a Somalia-based militant group. Ahmed had been in contact with Al-Shabaab members and provided them with material support, including money and weapons. Last year, Ahmed pleaded guilty to the charges of conspiring with the terrorist group. During the trial, evidence was presented which showed that he had sent money and weapons to Al-Shabaab members, in addition to providing them with other logistical support. In addition to the 111 months prison sentence, Ahmed has been stripped of his Swedish citizenship and is expected to be deported upon release. His lawyers had argued against the deportation, citing his long-standing residency in Sweden and the potential threat to his safety upon return to Eritrea. The case of Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed highlights the ongoing threat of terrorism and the importance of international cooperation in combating it. The Swedish authorities worked closely with international agencies, including the United Nations and Interpol, to identify and apprehend Ahmed. The sentencing of Ahmed sends a strong message that those who support terrorism will face the full force of the law. It also serves as a warning to anyone who may be considering providing support to terrorist groups that their actions will not be tolerated. The case also raises questions about the role of online radicalisation in recruiting individuals to extremist groups. Ahmed had reportedly been radicalised through online propaganda, highlighting the need for increased efforts to counter extremist material on the internet. In conclusion, the sentencing of Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed to 111 months in prison and subsequent deportation serves as a warning to anyone who would consider supporting a terrorist group. It is hoped that this case will serve as a deterrent to others and contribute to international efforts to combat terrorism. However, the challenge of online radicalisation and the recruitment of individuals to extremist groups remains a pressing concern for governments and law enforcement agencies worldwide.