article: By . Louise Boyle . A bar in New York has been forced to remove a sign reading 'No Irish drunks' after complaints from customers. The Dock Bar & Grill in Montauk on Long Island had a sign displayed in the window with a banned list which included 'Irish drunks' along with strollers and cell phones. After complaints were made, the owner George Watson, pasted over a replacement sign which read 'No Sensitive Drunks'. A sign in the window at The Dock bar in Montauk, New York read 'No Irish Drunks' along with no yapping mutts and no screaming kids . After the uproar, The Dock covered up the word Irish so the sign would read 'no sensitive drunks' this weekend . Mr Watson told Irish Central: 'If you spoke about any other religion or race they would probably take offense to it; the Irish have a sense of humor.' There were mixed reviews on the bar's Facebook page over the offending sign. Beth Wallis wrote: 'god sake people its the Docks sense of humor I think its a great sign. lol!!!!!!!!!!!!' Helen Milne added: 'Oooooh talk about limiting your clientele:(' However another, Helen Cangemi, wrote: 'People, get a grip! If you MUST be politically correct, please stay in the Hamptons.' Maura Donahue also quipped: 'I am beginning to think all this outrage is just an elaborate joke that I am gullible enough to fall for. Now that would be the Irish I know and love!' The Dock is situated in Montauk, a busy fishing town which is popular with tourists. The owner George Watson, a former New York City firefighter, bought the bar in 1973. He makes little apology for the bar's attitude - where anyone can be the butt of the joke. On his website he wrote: 'At The Dock, we feel that in order for a joke to be funny, it must be told at someone’s expense. We tell ethnic, sexist, and racial jokes - everyone gets their turn in the barrel.' He added: 'If you are self absorbed yuppie scum with a cellphone and ''free spirited'' children, go elsewhere.' Last week, an Irish cafe found itself in hot water after it put a sign in the window asking for 'no loud Americans'. Peter's Place in picturesque County Kerry posted the message which said: 'No bus/coach or loud Americans. Thank you.' The Dock in Montauk, Long Island has drawn negative criticism after its sign which some believe perpetuated stereotypes about the Irish . Bar owner George Watson, a former New York City firefighter, makes no apology for his bar's attitude - where he says everyone gets a turn being the butt of the joke .
highlights: The Dock Bar & Grill in Montauk had a . sign displayed in the window with a banned list which included 'Irish . drunks' along with strollers and cell phones . The owner George Watson replaced the sign with 'No Sensitive Drunks'
id: 7be4b90b33872f419d31b95115dd46f426def5ca
chatgpt: The Dock Bar & Grill in Montauk, a popular watering hole located at the tip of Long Island, recently came under fire for a sign that was displayed in the establishment's window. The sign, which listed a number of items that were banned inside the bar, included a phrase that many found offensive: "Irish need not apply (except for . drunks)." According to reports, the sign was put up by the bar's owner, George Watson, in an attempt to keep rowdy patrons out of the establishment. However, the inclusion of the derogatory phrase aimed at Irish customers quickly caught the attention of local residents and visitors alike. Many took to social media to express their outrage at the sign, with some calling for a boycott of the Dock Bar & Grill. Some customers even took to leaving scathing reviews of the establishment on popular review sites like Yelp and TripAdvisor. In response to the backlash, Watson eventually decided to remove the sign from the window. However, he did not apologize for the offense it caused, instead stating that he had only included the phrase in an attempt to "lighten the mood" of the sign. Despite a lack of remorse from Watson, many customers were satisfied with the sign's removal. However, the story took another turn when it was revealed that Watson had replaced the sign with a new one that many argue is just as offensive. The new sign reads, "No Sensitive Drunks Allowed." While it may not include any specific reference to a particular group, many have pointed out that the phrase is still likely to offend those who suffer from conditions like addiction and other mental health issues. Critics of Watson argue that his tasteless signs are only hurting his own business, as more and more people express their distaste with the bar owner's behavior. Some have called for a boycott of the Dock Bar & Grill, while others have suggested that Watson should conduct sensitivity training for himself and his staff. Despite the controversy, the Dock Bar & Grill remains open for business. However, it remains to be seen whether or not Watson will take any steps towards making amends for his offensive signs, or if he will continue to push customers away with his divisive behavior.