article: Alan Pardew’s post-match press conference at Manchester City was interrupted in shambolic fashion when speakers in the media centre started relaying a warning about the spread of Ebola. The Newcastle manager was reflecting on the 2-0 victory which booked his side’s place in the last eight of the Capital One Cup when an announcement sounded about ‘Ebola management’. A male voice began reading the symptoms of the killer disease, disrupting the television section of Pardew’s interview. Alan Pardew's post-match press conference was interrupted by speakers warning about Ebola . And the Magpies boss quipped: ‘Manchester City are doing this on purpose because we won, right?’ When the problem was seemingly resolved, reporters again began asking questions, only for the voice, rather embarrassingly, to kick in again. ‘If you think you have had intimate sexual relations (with a sufferer of Ebola)?’ it sounded. Pardew laughed off the interruption to praise the performance of his team, who beat the odds thanks to goals from Rolando Aarons and Moussa Sissoko and will now travel to Spurs in the quarter-final. Newcastle have knocked City out of the Capital One Cup after goals from Aarons and Moussa Sissoko (above) Rolando Aarons (left) scores Newcastle's opening goal of the Capital One Cup clash . ‘We didn’t come not to win,’ he said when pressed on the six changes from the side which won 2-1 at Spurs on Sunday. ‘We had a game-plan and the players executed that. They were outstanding in their discipline and the way they carried the threat all night. ‘I was impressed with our younger players especially, and that bodes well going forward. ‘We just needed some belief and we’ve got that now after three victories.’ And, of the draw away to Spurs, he said: ‘I suspected it would be us after the weekend, it was ironic. It will be difficult because they’ll be out for revenge. But we’ve won the last two times we’ve been there.’ The Newcastle fans perform the 'Poznan' to mock the City supporters after their side go 2-0 up . VIDEO Pardew proud of youngsters .
highlights: Alan Pardew’s press conference was interrupted in shambolic fashion . Speakers in the media centre started relaying a warning about Ebola . A male voice began reading the symptoms of the killer disease . Pardew laughed off the interruption to praise the performance of his team . Newcastle pulled off a fantastic 2-0 win over City in the Capital One Cup . They will travel to Tottenham in the quarter-final of the Capital One Cup .
id: 415816b0994a03a3083ec9ffca01235dac6acbe5
chatgpt: Newcastle manager, Alan Pardew, was left bemused and briefly distracted during a press conference following his team’s sensational 2-0 victory over Manchester City in the Capital One Cup. Pardew was speaking to media personnel when he was interrupted by a shambolic intrusion from the speakers in the media centre. Without warning, a male voice began reading out a warning about Ebola, relaying the symptoms of the deadly virus. The bizarre interruption left Pardew wide-eyed and temporarily unsure on how to proceed. The Newcastle head coach chose to laugh off the strange interruption by the non-football related broadcast and instead, focused on his team's performance, particularly highlighting their defensive hard-work, which saw Newcastle score two goals to none against City, a remarkable feat. "I thought it was a bit strange, but this is where we are at with the Ebola outbreak. But I thought it was a great game tonight and I am very, very proud to manage that group of players. It is a terrific performance against a terrific side. It was all about the players today." Pardew said. Delighted with the win, Newcastle will now face Tottenham in the quarter-final of the Capital One Cup. Pardew further noted that travelling to White Hart Lane will be more of a challenge but also offered an exciting opportunity. “Obviously, we’re one of the small teams left in the competition so we’ll enjoy it,” he added. The bizarre and startling interruption was a reminder of the wider concerns facing the global population as the Ebola outbreak continues to wreak havoc particularly in African countries. However, the football world maintains a continued focus on the sport with teams hoping to progress in tournaments such as the Capital One Cup- a reminder of the fleeting nature of attention and priorities, even during a time of global concern. In the end, Newcastle’s 2-0 victory over Manchester City stands out as one of the most impressive results of the season so far and the team's journey in Capital One Cup will be watched with great anticipation.