article: By . Pa Reporter . Australian Mark Renshaw beat Team Sky's Ben Swift in a sprint finish to stage two of the Tour of Britain in Llandudno. Renshaw, more used to working as Mark Cavendish's lead-out man within the Omega Pharma-Quick Step squad, jumped clear before the line to win comfortably as Swift paid the price for going too soon. After the climb of the Great Orme created significant splits in the peloton, Movistar's Alex Dowsett tried to break away to victory - challenged by Sylvain Chavanel (IAM Cycling) - but Sir Bradley Wiggins, working for Swift, led a group of chasers back on to their wheel on the approach to the line. Look, no hands! Mark Renshaw celebrates his win during stage two of the 2014 Tour of Britain . Dash to the line: Renshaw was handed the yellow journey after coming out on top in a sprint finish . Swift then sprang forward but, with Cavendish not in contention, Renshaw covered the move and claimed the win. 'It was a great stage, a great victory, my first for the year with Omega Pharm-Quick Step,' Renshaw said on British Eurosport. 'It's always good to win, I've had victories here before on the Tour of Britain and it's good to do it again.' The 31-year-old, winner of stage five of the Tour of Britain in 2011, will now take yellow from Marcel Kittel, who lost touch with the peloton on the Great Orme. 'It's great to be in yellow, it's a bonus,' he added. 'We came here to work for Cav but he had a really bad crash yesterday and is just trying to recover at the moment so he gave me a chance today and it's a really good victory.' The 200.8km run from Knowsley Safari Park began with an early break of some 40 riders failing to gain any separation before a more select group - made up of Ian Bibby (Madison Genesis), Christopher Lawless (GBR), Lasse Hansen (Garmin-Sharp), Rob Partridge (Giordana) and Pablo Lastras (Movistar), soon joined by King of the Mountains leader Mark McNally (An Post Chain Reaction) - edged clear. Second best: Team Sky's Ben swift was beaten into a podium finish at stage two . Vicious cycle: Stage one winner Marcel Kittel lost the yellow journey after separating from the peloton . Their lead reached four minutes before the peloton began to reel them back in, and the last remnants were picked up on the Great Orme. Dowsett tried to break off the front with two kilometres to go and led the way onto the final straight with Chavanel on his wheel, but the pack were closing in to set up the sprint finish. Before the day's racing began, Sky lost Ian Stannard who withdrew with a fractured scaphoid suffered in a crash close to Sunday's finish in Liverpool.
highlights: Mark Renshaw claimed the second stage in the Tour of Britain . Australian beat Team Sky's Ben swift in a sprint finish . He took yellow jersey after stage one winner Marcel Kittel lost the peloton .
id: 351da36366f7ac40554bf3e586476e51327ac90e
chatgpt: Mark Renshaw, the Australian cyclist, has claimed a remarkable victory in the second stage of the Tour of Britain. In a thrilling finish, Renshaw managed to outpace Team Sky's Ben Swift to cross the finish line first and claim the prestigious win. Renshaw's victory was all the more impressive given the quality of the opposition he faced. Team Sky, one of the most successful cycling teams in the world, had been expected to dominate the race; indeed, Swift had looked in command for much of the second stage. However, Renshaw, who rides for the British team Dimension Data, proved to be a worthy opponent. In an exciting sprint finish, Renshaw managed to surge ahead of Swift and cross the finish line first. This was no easy feat; Swift is one of the fastest sprinters in the peloton and has previously won stages in both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia. Nevertheless, Renshaw was able to find the extra gear he needed to secure the win. Renshaw's victory also marked a significant moment for him personally, as well as for his team. By claiming the win, he was able to take the yellow jersey, the most sought-after prize in the Tour of Britain. This was a particular achievement given that Marcel Kittel, winner of the first stage, had lost contact with the peloton and was no longer in contention for overall victory. Speaking after the race, Renshaw was understandably delighted with his performance. "It's a fantastic feeling to win a stage at the Tour of Britain," he said. "I know how hard all the riders have worked to get here, so to come out on top is very special. I'm also thrilled to be wearing the yellow jersey; it's a great honor and one I hope to defend in the coming stages." Renshaw's triumph will no doubt be seen as a major upset by Team Sky, who had been tipped to dominate the race. However, there is still a long way to go in the Tour of Britain, and it would be unwise to rule out the likes of Swift and his teammates just yet. Indeed, the third stage of the race promises to be another exciting battle, with the riders taking on a challenging course that includes several steep climbs. Renshaw will no doubt be hoping to continue his excellent form and hold on to the yellow jersey for as long as possible, but he will face stiff competition from his rivals. Whatever happens, though, the Tour of Britain is shaping up to be one of the most thrilling cycling races of the year. With a talented field of riders and plenty of challenging terrain to contend with, there are sure to be plenty more exciting moments to come.