article: By . Kieran Corcoran . Thief: Michelle Roberts, 45, admitted stealing from her own relatives at a wake for her dead uncle . A woman who robbed her own family at a wake for her dead uncle has been jailed. Michelle Roberts, 45, rifled through the handbags of mourners at an event to commemorate her uncle, Fred Rousell. She took several bank cards, £80 in cash as well as £300 of John Lewis vouchers from relatives at the event in Southend, Essex. Roberts was called 'mean and despicable' as she was given a six-month prison sentence after admitting theft and fraud. Basildon Crown Court heard how she used the stolen cards to spend more than £400 on an online shopping spree from Asda and a music website. She even tried to convince her widowed aunt that she had cancer in an attempt to collect money from her in the guise of charity donations. Roberts, from Greenwich, South East London, had sneaked into a kitchen during the wake to pilfer their belongings. She pleaded guilty to four counts of theft and three of fraud. The court heard that she took advantage of grieving relatives and broke her family apart at the wake in 2011. Jamas Hodivala, prosecuting, told the court: 'For the last two years Mrs Rousell feels unable to put her husband to rest because of the incident . 'Obviously the incident caused her great upset and distress and, because Mrs Rousell's family were previously very close, she feels the family relationship has been broken as a result.' Handing her the six-month jail sentence, Judge Jonathan Black said: 'I deal with these offences in detail because they fully reflect the mean and despicable way you committed the offences. 'Despicable': Roberts, pictured above covering her face as she leaves court, was criticised by the judge for taking advantage of her grieving relatives to steal their money . Guilty: Roberts admitted four charges of theft and three of fraud at Basildon Crown Court (pictured) 'You used time of great grief of Mr Rousell’s family to steal from vulnerable family and friends.' Steven Fitzpatrick, mitigating, told the court his client should not be jailed as she suffers from depression and anxiety. But Judge Black jailed Roberts for six months before defiantly telling her: 'Your manipulative behaviour has even extended to those people who wrote this report.' The case comes a year after Roberts escaped a jail sentence at Dartford Magistrates’ Court for bogus charity collecting around pubs in Kent.
highlights: Michelle Roberts, 45, rifled through handbags at wake in Southend, Essex . She took £80 cash and also spent £400 online using stolen bank cards . Admitted four counts of theft and three of fraud at Basildon Crown Court . Was called 'despicable' by judge, who gave her six months in prison .
id: a0c59b71687759ce4b7be49fa8eff96a5301321b
chatgpt: A woman has been sentenced to six months in prison after stealing cash and bank cards from mourners at a wake in Southend, Essex. Michelle Roberts, 45, was caught rifling through handbags at the wake and was found to have taken £80 in cash and several bank cards. Roberts did not stop there, however, as she went on to use the stolen cards to make online purchases totalling £400. Her actions led to her being charged with four counts of theft and three of fraud. Roberts appeared at Basildon Crown Court, where she admitted to the charges. The judge presiding over the case described Roberts' actions as "despicable" and sentenced her to six months in prison. The court heard how Roberts had attended the wake uninvited and took advantage of the mourners' vulnerability by stealing from them. When questioned by the police, Roberts admitted to the crimes, saying that she was struggling financially at the time. The judge, addressing Roberts during the sentencing, said: "The fact that you were stealing from vulnerable people at a wake makes your actions even more despicable. You may have been struggling financially, but that does not excuse your behaviour." The theft of personal belongings is always a distressing experience, but the added emotional stress of the wake made Roberts' actions particularly heinous. The victims of the theft were left feeling violated and vulnerable, with many expressing their anger and disbelief at Roberts' behaviour. The sentencing of Roberts serves as a reminder that theft and fraud are serious crimes that have a lasting impact on victims. The sentence imposed also highlights the severity of the offence and acts as a warning to others who may be considering engaging in such criminal activity. In conclusion, Michelle Roberts' actions at the wake in Southend were truly despicable, and the sentence imposed is a fitting punishment for her crimes. It is hoped that the victims of the theft can now move forward and put this traumatic experience behind them.