article: By . Joel Christie . He was essentially the most unpopular person in New York's East Village during the drastic renovations of his home. But Friends star David Schwimmer seems to be slowly winning back his neighbors after helping police investigate a crime on Monday. A brawl broke out in a first-floor apartment around 5.40am in a building that adjoins the actor's home on East Sixth Street. The fight spilled into the hallway before the trio smashed through a glass lobby, according to The New York Post. Cooperative: Actor David Schwimmer turned over video footage taken on the security cameras of his East Village home to the New York Police Department . Controversial: David Schwimmer paid $3.7 million for his East Village apartment, which sits at 331 E. Sixth St, in 2008, causing drama in the neighborhood when he knocked the existing building down . A 26-year-old man was taken to Bellevue Hospital with stab wounds to the face. His transvestite prostitute ran away and the third man was arrested. Robert Rainey, 21, of Newark, was charged with assault, criminal possession of a weapon and robbery. Following the incident, police noticed a security camera on Schwimmer's property. Investigators asked the 47-year-old if the cameras recorded any footage of the fight. Schwimmer surrendered the tape, which may now be used in court. The star, who played Ross Geller on Friends for 10 years, paid $4 million for his 331 E. Sixth St. home in 2010. He outraged locals in 2012 when he knocked down the existing building, which was 160-years-old. Classic: From 1994 to 2004, David Schwimmer played Ross Geller opposite Jennifer Aniston on Friends . 'Four years ago, I would say David Schwimmer was the least popular guy on the block with the construction and all,' said resident Jayson Fillermutter, 31. 'But he has turned out to be a decent neighbor, and I am glad to hear he helped the cops with that stabbing.' The structure Schwimmer bought was built in 1852. He paid $3.7 million for it in 2008. A demolition permit filed in 2011 listed 'demolition of front and rear facades, demolition of all floors roof structure, side masonry walls to remain'. The cream-colored building was torn down and replaced with a brick building.
highlights: Crime occurred outside the actor's $4 million East Village home . He turned over security footage to police . Caused controversy in the neighborhood by knocking down the existing 160-year-old building .
id: 53fca153119dcb64565f6835089c6315a752432a
chatgpt: Actor Jamie Dornan was at the center of a crime that occurred outside his $4 million East Village home in New York City. Dornan, who is best known for his role as Christian Grey in the "Fifty Shades" trilogy, witnessed an altercation between two men outside his property late Saturday night. According to reports, one man was trying to steal a bicycle from the other man when a fight broke out. Dornan called the police and turned over security footage from his home's surveillance cameras, which captured the entire incident. While this incident is concerning, it's not the first time that Dornan has made waves in the neighborhood. Last year, the Northern Irish actor caused controversy by knocking down the existing 160-year-old building on his property and building a new home in its place. Some residents in the community argued that the demolition of the historic building was a loss for the neighborhood's culture and architecture. However, Dornan defended his decision by stating that the previous structure was not structurally sound and had to be demolished for safety reasons. Despite the controversy, Dornan has been a popular member of the East Village community since he moved in several years ago. He is often seen walking his dog through local parks and has even donated to local charities. The recent crime outside his home is a reminder of the need for increased security measures in the area. Dornan's decision to install security cameras on his property allowed for the quick resolution of the altercation and should serve as an example for other homeowners in the neighborhood. The police are currently investigating the incident and have not released the identities of the two men involved. The altercation may have been a random occurrence, but the neighborhood is still on high alert as residents hope to prevent future crime in the area. As for Dornan, he has not commented on the incident and is likely focusing on his acting projects. The actor has several films in development and is set to star in a new HBO limited series later this year. Despite the recent crime outside his home, Dornan's star power in Hollywood shows no signs of dimming anytime soon.