article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 07:01 EST, 13 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:38 EST, 13 August 2013 . A tree outside a cathedral that began dripping last week has attracted crowds of parishioners who say it is crying God's tears. Clear liquid began falling from the crape myrtle tree opposite St John's Cathedral in Fresno, CA, last Wednesday, prompting worshippers to declare it a 'miracle' and a sign that God was manifesting himself on earth. But a tree specialist who examined it said the liquid was not salt water but excrement from the aphids that covered its trunk and branches. Worshippers in hope of a miracle have flocked to the tree in Fresno, CA, after it began dripping a clear liquid . The liquid was first spotted leaking from the crape myrtle tree opposite St John's Cathedral on Wednesday . The tree, outside St John's Cathedral in Fresno, throws out water when you pray, according to Maria Ybarra . Arborist Jon Reelhorn told wptv.com the drips were a form of honeydew secreted by aphids after they drank the sap from the myrtle tree. He said: 'The aphids will suck the sap, the sap goes through the aphid and then it is a honey dew excrement from the aphid and it gets so heavy in the summertime that it will drip down.' The church-goers who have flocked to the tree, some in search of a cure for their ailments, disagree. Maria Ybarra told the television channel: 'When you say "Glory be to God in Jesus' name" the tree starts throwing out more water.' She added: 'I can tell you looking at it from a scientific standpoint and a spiritual standpoint it is the work of God manifesting here on earth.' Tree of hope: Believers, some of them sick, are now flocking to the tree on the Fresno sidewalk to pray . Arborist Jon Reelhorn says the dripping liquid is honeydew, or undigested tree sap from aphids . Aphids produce honeydew after feeding on plant sap - the undigested, sugary liquid is forced out of their gut . Another parishioner, Rosemarie Navarro, who attends a Catholic church in Fresno, believes the tree has power from God. Ms Navarro, who says she is seriously unwell, went to pray under the tree in the hope that what she believes are tears from God might cure her. A clinical therapist told the TV station that it was natural for humans to want to believe in something they could not see, because humans need to hope. In the Bible, the Israelites encountered a white, honey-tasting substance that may well have been honeydew as they walked through the desert after the Exodus. [caption .
highlights: Crape myrtle tree in Fresno has been dripping clear liquid since last week . Parishioners from St John's Cathedral opposite say it is the tears of God . Arborist Jon Reelhorn says it is honeydew from sap excreted by aphids .
id: c127a9e6aeaa58757ae98c1702a6d4cf01e325ba
chatgpt: A crape myrtle tree in Fresno has been causing quite a stir among locals and visitors alike. The reason for the excitement? The tree has been dripping a clear liquid since last week, prompting some to speculate that it might be a sign from a higher power. According to witnesses, the tree is located directly across the street from St. John's Cathedral, a prominent house of worship in the area. Some parishioners believe that the liquid is the tears of God, while others argue that it's simply the result of an insect infestation. To get to the bottom of the mystery, we spoke to Jon Reelhorn, an arborist with over twenty years of experience. "What we have here is a case of honeydew," he explained. "That's the substance that's dripping from the tree, and it's actually a byproduct of aphids." Reelhorn went on to describe how aphids feed on the sap of trees, consuming more than they need and excreting the excess as honeydew. The sweet substance is then collected by ants, wasps, and other insects, which can lead to even more problems for the tree. So, while the idea of divine tears might seem like a powerful and emotive symbol, the reality is much less dramatic. "There are a lot of myths and legends out there about trees and nature," Reelhorn told us. "But the truth is usually much simpler." That being said, there's no denying that the crape myrtle is still an impressive sight to behold. With its bright pink blossoms and lush foliage, it's no wonder that people have been drawn to it for generations. And while the current drip might be a bit of a nuisance, it's also a reminder of the complex and interconnected ecosystem that surrounds us. As for what will happen next, Reelhorn assured us that the tree will likely recover just fine. "There are a number of treatment options available for aphids and other insect pests," he said. "So with a little bit of care and attention, this tree should be back to its old self in no time." In the meantime, we encourage visitors to St. John's Cathedral and the surrounding area to enjoy the beauty of this remarkable tree, whether or not they believe in a higher power. After all, there's something awe-inspiring about the natural world that's worth appreciating, no matter how simple or complex it may be.