article: The pros are getting into pot. Founders Fund, the $2 billion San Francisco venture capital firm run by Silicon Valley stars including Peter Thiel, co-founder and former CEO of PayPal, is investing in Privateer Holdings, a marijuana company that owns several pot-related brands. The companies declined to disclose the size of the investment Thursday, but described it as a 'multi-million dollar' participation in a $75 million fundraising effort by Privateer. The deal had been rumored last year. Founders Fund, the $2 billion San Francisco venture capital firm run by Silicon Valley stars including Peter Thiel, pictured, is investing in Privateer Holdings . Founders: (From left to right) Christian Groh, Brendan Kennedy and Michael Blue of Privateer Holdings are seen together in this March 2014 file photo . Privateer, based in Seattle, owns the Canadian medical marijuana producer Tilray and the pot information service Leafly. It is also launching a brand of marijuana and products with the family of Bob Marley called Marley Natural. Founders Fund partner Geoff Lewis, who is leading the firm's investment in Privateer, said in an interview that he believes the broader legalization of marijuana is inevitable. 'Public sentiment is there, and it crosses political lines,' Lewis said. There are 23 states that allow the use of marijuana for medical purposes and Colorado has legalized its recreational use. There has been some pushback, however, despite growing public support. The states of Nebraska and Oklahoma have filed a lawsuit seeking to overturn the legalization of marijuana in Colorado, saying that they are being overrun with marijuana from across their borders. And Founders Fund does not expect a quick turnaround on its investment in Privateer, Lewis said. Founders is investing in Privateer because it believes Privateer can eventually establish mainstream brands that will be recognized and trusted as marijuana becomes legal and socially acceptable, he said. Privateer was founded in 2010 and has previously landed $22 million in funding. Before the announcement Thursday, Privateer's funding came mostly through wealthy individuals and investment offices that steer private family funds. Privateer CEO Brendan Kennedy thinks the Founders investment will lead to more professional investment into marijuana-related businesses and help advance the push toward legalization. 'One of the important milestones for this business is having access to capital, and significant capital,' he said. 'There will be a lot of people who wake up (now) and realize they need to look at this industry just as they have looked at other emerging industries around the world.' Founders Fund was an early investor in Facebook and has current investments in SpaceX, Spotify and Airbnb. Company: Privateer Holdings owns medical marijuana producer Tilray and the pot information service Leafly. It is also launching a brand of marijuana and products with the family of Bob Marley called Marley Natural . Investment: Before the announcement Thursday, Privateer's funding came mostly through wealthy individuals and investment offices that steer private family funds .
highlights: Founders Fund, the $2 billion San Francisco venture capital firm run by Silicon Valley stars including Peter Thiel is investing in Privateer Holdings . Thiel is the co-founder and former CEO of Paypal . Privateer Holdings is a  company that owns several pot-related brands . Privateer owns the Canadian medical marijuana producer Tilray and the pot information service Leafly . It is also launching a brand of marijuana and products with the family of Bob Marley called Marley Natural . Founders Fund was an early investor in Facebook and has current investments in SpaceX, Spotify and Airbnb .
id: 9645a85bd48abc9f884bf2b122cb3b51f7ff0913
chatgpt: Founders Fund, the renowned San Francisco venture capital firm, has invested in Privateer Holdings, a company that owns several pot-related brands. The move highlights the increasing acceptance of the marijuana industry in the mainstream, as well as the growing financial interest in this burgeoning market. The $2 billion venture capital firm, run by prominent Silicon Valley stars including PayPal co-founder and former CEO, Peter Thiel, has previously invested in successful tech startups such as Facebook, Spotify and Airbnb, as well as in the SpaceX venture by Elon Musk. Their current investment in Privateer Holdings shows their growing interest in the marijuana industry. Privateer Holdings, which owns several marijuana brands, is an exciting prospect for investors. The company owns the Canadian medical marijuana producer, Tilray, and has invested in the pot information service, Leafly. The firm is also launching a brand of marijuana and related products with the Bob Marley family called Marley Natural, which could provide significant growth opportunities. The company’s position in the growing marijuana industry, paired with its connection to a legendary music icon, could propel Marley Natural into success. This recent investment by Founders Fund in Privateer Holdings shows a wider global trend of increasingly relaxing attitudes towards the use and legalization of marijuana. The legalization of marijuana has exploded in recent years, with more and more countries, states and regions finding ways to legalize or decriminalize marijuana. This has led to a growing demand for cannabis-based products, from medical marijuana to recreational use, and entrepreneurs who are driving the industry forward. Privateer Holdings is just one of many companies that have benefited from this dynamic market. In fact, the marijuana industry is set to become one of the fastest-growing economic sectors in the coming years. Founders Fund’s investment in Privateer Holdings highlights the enormous growth potential of the marijuana industry. With marijuana legalization continuing to gain momentum worldwide, investors are eager to get in on the ground floor of this emerging market. The legalization of marijuana has the potential to provide a huge boost to the global economy, as well as create job opportunities for millions of people around the world. In conclusion, Founders Fund’s investment in Privateer Holdings confirms the growing acceptance of the marijuana industry by mainstream investors. As the market continues to grow, more investors are expected to join in, potentially creating a significant shift in the global economy. As more countries legalize marijuana, it will prove to be a game-changing industry, and Privateer Holdings is poised to help drive that change.