article: (CNN) -- Government shelling of the seaside town of Misrata resumed Thursday afternoon, with heavy artillery and mortars targeting residential areas, killing 10 people, a member of the medical committee of the Misrata Council told CNN. Also Thursday, rebels retook the border area of Dehaiba/Wazin after forces loyal to leader Moammar Gadhafi had taken it earlier in the day, a witness said. The witness, Yousef Gaigi, said about 100 rebel vehicles equipped with assault rifles and antiaircraft weapons drove from the Libyan city Zintan to the border area, where they clashed with pro-government forces. "The fight resulted in many casualties," he said, without citing a number. Gaigi said the pro-Gadhafi forces then fled to the Tunisian side of the border and handed their weapons to the Tunisian army. The Tunisian Defense Ministry said the soldiers were taken farther north to the border at Ras Ajdir and sent back to Libya. Asked whether the Tunisians had returned the Libyans' weapons, a ministry official said, "It's possible." Earlier Thursday, the Tunisian Foreign Ministry had expressed "deep concern" over the military escalation near the crossing its border with Libyan and demanded that the Libyan government "put an end to these violations," according to the state-run Tunis Afrique Presse (TAP). The incidents occurred a day after the carnage in Libya continued to mount: on Wednesday, pro-government forces launched the heaviest shelling yet on the port of Misrata, much of which appeared to be a wasteland, rebels said. Also Wednesday, a NATO airstrike on Misrata killed 11 rebel fighters and wounded two others, witnesses told a reporter, who saw the bodies. From the time NATO began its operation on March 31 until Tuesday, the organization had conducted 3,981 sorties, of which 1,658 were strike sorties, according to an update issued Wednesday. NATO is leading an international military operation in Libya that includes airstrikes targeting Gadhafi's military resources. It is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing any means necessary -- with the exception of foreign occupation -- to protect civilians. Misrata, the third-largest city in the North African country, has been hemmed in on three sides by Gadhafi's forces. Though rebels said they had gained control of the city's center and had pushed government forces outside the city, they said Gadhafi's forces were continuing to attack Misrata with heavy weaponry. The port has served as a crucial route of escape and as a lifeline to humanitarian aid. CNN's Frederik Pleitgen and Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
highlights: Ten are dead, a medical committee members says . Rebels retook a border area from pro-Gadhafi forces, who had seized it earlier in the day . "The fight resulted in many casualties," a witness says .
id: 5299caafc82c30a0d97cdbb61d0f3410ad0d7f3d
chatgpt: In a violent clash at the border, ten people have been confirmed dead. The medical committee has confirmed the death toll from the skirmish that occurred between pro-Gadhafi forces and rebels who retook a border area that had been earlier seized by the pro-Gadhafi forces. The rebels, who have been fighting to reclaim their land and push out Gadhafi loyalists, have made significant gains over the past months. According to a witness who was present during the fight, the conflict resulted in many casualties on both sides. As is the norm in war zones, the exact number of casualties on the pro-Gadhafi side has not been confirmed, but it is believed to be high. The rebels, however, have lost some fighters in their bid to retake the area. The violence at the border is a reminder of how dangerous the situation in the country still is, even though opposition forces have made great strides in their battle against the government. The fighting has resulted in the loss of many lives, as evidenced by the most recent clash. The conflict began when pro-Gadhafi forces seized the border area, and the rebels vowed to take it back. This led to an intense battle that played out over several hours, resulting in the death of the ten people who have been confirmed dead. The government of Libya has not yet issued a statement on the matter, and it is unclear how they plan to respond to the latest developments. The violence at the border is a clear indication that despite claims of progress in the conflict, there is still a long way to go before peace is achieved. The international community has been monitoring the situation in Libya closely and has been providing aid to those affected by the conflict. The United Nations has also been involved in talks aimed at resolving the conflict peacefully. The situation in Libya remains fluid, and it is unclear how events will unfold in the coming days. The rebels appear to be making gains in their battle against the government, but the pro-Gadhafi forces are not going down without a fight. For now, the people of Libya can only hope that the fighting will soon come to an end and that peace will be restored to their country. The loss of ten lives in the latest clash is a stark reminder of the high price the people of Libya are paying in their quest for freedom and democracy.