article: New York (CNN) -- A New York man released on parole last month pleaded not guilty Wednesday in connection with the stabbing of two children in Brooklyn, one of whom died, authorities said. Daniel St. Hubert, 27, was indicted on charges of second-degree murder, second-degree attempted murder, first-degree assault and criminal possession of a weapon. He faces 50 years to life in prison if convicted. Police believe Hubert was out on parole on June 1 when he allegedly stabbed the two children -- killing one of them -- inside an elevator. "These two innocent children were subjected to unimaginable violence and terror in that elevator," Kings County District Attorney Kenneth Thompson said in a statement. Prince Joshua "PJ" Avitto, 6, died from his injuries, and his friend, Mikayla Capers, 7, was wounded. St. Hubert was arrested one week ago around the same time that New York Police Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce identified him by name publicly for the first time as the suspect in the attack. St. Hubert has at least nine prior arrests, though police did not specify all the outcomes. The most recent outcome was May 23, when, Boyce said, St. Hubert was released on parole in connection with a domestic assault case. Nine days later, police believe he encountered PJ and Mikayla inside an elevator at a public housing complex in Brooklyn. Mayor Bill de Blasio said last week that the two children were "on their way to get ice cream" at the time. For reasons authorities haven't yet explained, both children were stabbed in the torso. PJ was transported to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounced dead. "These parents are in such pain now," de Blasio said. Police initially said Mikayla was in critical condition. But the mayor last week said: "She's doing much better. She's a strong young lady." A spokesman for New York-Presbyterian Hospitals has refused to comment on her condition. Mikayla was treated for abdominal bleeding and a lacerated spleen, prosecutors said. A knife believed to have been used in the attacks was recovered at the scene. The bloody knife later tested positive for the defendant's DNA, authorities said. Avitto was related to Taj Gibson, a forward for the Chicago Bulls. Gibson tweeted last week: "They killed my lil super man. #rippj only two more weeks until your 7 birthday. Tears forever." Gibson also posted a picture of Avitto to his Instagram account. 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing friend .
highlights: Daniel St. Hubert pleaded not guilty Wednesday in stabbing case . St. Hubert is charged with second-degree murder and attempted murder . "PJ" Avitto, 6, and Mikayla Capers, 7, were stabbed in an elevator, police say . St. Hubert, 27, was released on parole on May 23, police say .
id: a0f8295c6af497a94db815b5b277c562a2c39098
chatgpt: Daniel St. Hubert pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges of second-degree murder and attempted murder in the horrific stabbing of two young children in Brooklyn, New York. Six-year-old "PJ" Avitto and seven-year-old Mikayla Capers were attacked with a knife in the elevator of their housing complex in East New York on June 1st. PJ died from his injuries, while Mikayla survived. St. Hubert, 27, was released on parole just days before the attack, after serving five years in prison for attempted murder. At the time of his release, police and parole officers noted that St. Hubert posed a high risk to public safety. The brutal attack on the children shook the East New York community and gained national attention. Police launched a 12-day manhunt for St. Hubert before he was captured and charged with the stabbing. During his arraignment on Wednesday, St. Hubert appeared in court in handcuffs and wearing an orange jumpsuit. He calmly answered "not guilty" to all charges. Prosecutors have said they plan to seek a life sentence if St. Hubert is convicted. His defense team declined to speak to reporters following the arraignment. The incident has raised questions about the effectiveness of the parole system in keeping dangerous criminals off the streets. St. Hubert's release was authorized despite his history of violence and unstable behavior. State officials have pledged to conduct a review of his case and the decisions that led to his release. Meanwhile, the families of PJ and Mikayla continue to mourn and demand justice for their loved ones. A vigil was held outside the housing complex last week, and community members have called for increased safety measures and resources for troubled individuals in the area. The trial for St. Hubert is expected to begin later this year. The case is being closely watched as a test of the criminal justice system's ability to hold dangerous offenders accountable and prevent future tragedies.