article: A TV sketch show that likens Margaret Thatcher to fictional serial killer Hannibal Lecter and depicts the Queen Mother as a foul-mouthed drunk has been branded ‘hideous’, ‘savage’ and ‘beyond the acceptable bounds of satire’. Historian Andrew Roberts, former Minister John Redwood and Royal biographer Penny Junor are among those who have condemned the comedy series Psychobitches. In one sequence, Lady Thatcher – played by Doctor Who star Michelle Gomez – vomits at the suggestion that every human being has an innate value. The comedy sketch show Psychobitches has been branded 'hideous' after likening Margaret Thatcher to fictional serial killer Hannibal Lecter . In one sequence, Lady Thatcher – played by Doctor Who star Michelle Gomez – vomits at the suggestion that every human being has an innate value . In another, the Queen Mother, played by Kathy Burke, is shown verbally abusing her daughter Princess Margaret and then swigging from a magnum of champagne. The scenes are from the upcoming second series of the show in which The Thick Of It star Rebecca Front plays a psychiatrist treating some of the world’s most famous women. Front’s first meeting with Lady Thatcher takes place in an underground prison cell familiar to anyone who has seen the Oscar-winning 1991 film The Silence Of The Lambs. The former Prime Minister is wheeled in on a trolley wearing a mask just like the one worn by Hannibal Lecter. Burke’s Queen Mother tells Princess Margaret, played by The League of Gentlemen star Reece Shearsmith, that she would rather spend time with her bookmaker than with her youngest daughter, whom she calls a ‘dirty b****’. In another scene, the Queen Mother, played by Kathy Burke, is shown verbally abusing her daughter Princess Margaret and then swigging from a magnum of champagne . Friends of Lady Thatcher last night described the portrayal of the former Tory leader, who died last year, as upsetting to both her family and everyone who voted for her. Mr Roberts, a trustee of The Margaret Thatcher Archive Trust, said: ‘Margaret Thatcher was used to being traduced throughout her life and was never affected by it. 'But the sheer savagery of this goes beyond the acceptable bounds of satire.’ Tory MP Mr Redwood said: ‘I think this depiction would have been hurtful to her if she was still alive and it is certainly hurtful to her family and to the rest of us who supported her.’ Royal biographer Ms Junor said the portrayal of the Queen Mother was untrue. She added: ‘This sounds hideous to me and not remotely funny or even remotely true. I just think it’s nasty.’
highlights: Psychobitches has been branded 'beyond the acceptable bounds of satire' Sky Arts 1 sketch show depicts the Queen Mother as a foul-mouthed drunk . Margaret Thatcher is likened to the fictional serial killer Hannibal Lecter . Former minister John Redwood among those to have condemned the show . Episodes one and two of the new series of Psychobitches are on Sky Arts 1 on November 25 at 9pm.
id: c181d853c9d1e97353067ead17aec08f9f0e91c6
chatgpt: Sky Arts 1 has come under fire for airing a sketch show that has been labelled "beyond the acceptable bounds of satire". Psychobitches, a new series set to air on November 25 at 9pm, has sparked outrage for its treatment of prominent female figures. The show, which depicts the Queen Mother as a foul-mouthed drunk and Margaret Thatcher as a fictional character Hannibal Lecter, has been branded offensive and distasteful by a number of viewers. Former minister John Redwood is among those to have condemned the show, describing it as "deeply disrespectful" and "an insult to the memory of these women". Redwood added that he was "appalled" by the depiction of the Queen Mother, who he said was "one of the most beloved figures in our recent history". Psychobitches has been roundly criticised on social media, with many users describing it as offensive and misogynistic. Despite the backlash, Sky Arts 1 has defended the show, saying that it is in keeping with the channel's remit to "challenge convention and defy categorisation". In a statement, the channel said that Psychobitches was "a provocative and boundary-pushing comedy series that uses satire to explore challenging and taboo subjects". The channel added that the show was "not intended to be taken seriously" and that it was "an irreverent take on some of the most iconic figures of the 20th century". However, many viewers have dismissed this explanation, arguing that the show is simply a crude and tasteless attempt at shock comedy. One viewer, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "This is just cheap and nasty. It's not clever satire, it's just offensive for the sake of it." Despite the controversy surrounding the show, Sky Arts 1 has confirmed that episodes one and two of Psychobitches will still air on November 25 at 9pm. The channel said that it "stands by the show and its creators" and that it believes "viewers will appreciate the humour and intelligence that underpins the series". Only time will tell whether Psychobitches will be a hit with audiences. But for now, it seems that the show has managed to strike a nerve with many viewers who feel that it has gone too far in its attempts to shock and offend.