article: Atlanta (CNN) -- A 36-year-old woman who was reported missing shortly after Christmas has been found dead in Atlanta, authorities said Wednesday. Investigators used dental records to identify a body found in southwest Atlanta as that of Stacey Nicole English, the Fulton County Medical Examiner's office said in a statement. An autopsy did not reveal a cause of death, the office said, and further investigation and testing probably will take several weeks to complete. English's abandoned car was discovered, with the motor running, in Atlanta in late December. Police have made no arrests in the case. They also have named no suspects. Robert Kirk, a St. Louis man who had stayed with her December 24-26, said English was "acting peculiar and out of character" during the stay, adding that "she began screaming in the apartment and shouting biblical scriptures and indicating that the world was coming to an end," a police report said. He said that he left around 10:30 p.m. on December 26, after English "began asking him if he was Satan" and told him to leave "her residence immediately." A friend, Michelle Strothers, told police that she last saw English on that day or the next one. In an interview with police on New Year's Eve, Strothers said that her friend "appeared upset" and told her "she felt as if someone was attempting to hurt her." "She also stated that Ms. English was acting out of character, and began discussing the end of the world and quoting biblical scriptures," said the police report. Earlier, English's mother and stepfather told police that they typically talked with her "several times a week" and became worried after she did not answer their calls since they last talked with her on Christmas. They eventually used a spare key to enter her apartment, where they saw "no sign of English," the police report said. Her mother, Cynthia Jamison, said that English "was currently taking medication" and had attempted suicide by overdose a little more than two years earlier, according to police. Private investigator T.J. Ward, hired by the family, told HLN's Vinnie Politan that neither homicide nor suicide can be ruled out at this point, and that the area is being treated as a crime scene. "When toxicology comes back (we will) see if there was something in her system that could have caused her death."
highlights: NEW: Toxicology reports will provide important info, private investigator says . Stacey Nicole English was reported missing after Christmas . Investigators used dental records to identify her body . The medical examiner's office says it has not determined a cause of death .
id: eb5feb7af7d4895730396faedb96e424d5b36e59
chatgpt: The investigation into the disappearance and subsequent death of Stacey Nicole English has taken a new turn with the announcement that toxicology reports will provide crucial information in the case. According to a private investigator involved in the case, the results of these reports could provide important clues as to what exactly happened to the young woman. For those unfamiliar with the case, Stacey Nicole English was reported missing by her family following the Christmas holiday last year. After an extensive search, her body was eventually discovered and identified using dental records. Despite this identification, the medical examiner's office has thus far been unable to determine a cause of death. However, the recent announcement about the toxicology reports has shed new light on the case. As the private investigator explains, these reports will be highly valuable in understanding what happened to English in her final days. "The toxicology reports will provide us with key information about any substances that were present in Stacey's system," the investigator explained. "This could include evidence of drugs, alcohol, or other substances that could have contributed to her death." While the investigator stressed that the investigation is ongoing and no conclusions can be drawn at this time, the potential significance of the toxicology reports cannot be overstated. It is not uncommon for toxicology reports to play a pivotal role in criminal investigations, and this case is no exception. As for the family of Stacey Nicole English, they continue to grieve and search for answers. They released a statement thanking law enforcement for their efforts in the investigation and expressing their hope that justice will eventually be served. "We miss Stacey every day and are heartbroken at the thought of what she may have endured in her final moments," the family's statement read. The case of Stacey Nicole English is a tragic one, and it is clear that there is still much to uncover. However, with the announcement of the forthcoming toxicology reports, investigators are hopeful that they will be able to provide the answers that everyone is searching for.