article: By . Richard Kay . PUBLISHED: . 16:33 EST, 13 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:42 EST, 14 October 2013 . The BBC’s most senior woman executive took her solicitor to the Proms at public expense after paying him thousands of pounds of licence fee money to represent her during the Savile scandal. Helen Boaden, head of radio, invited lawyer Louis Charalambous to join her in a private box at the music festival last month in what insiders have labelled a publicly funded ‘thank you’. Mr Charalambous represented Ms Boaden during last year’s Pollard Review, the £3 million BBC inquiry into the Jimmy Savile affair, and is credited with helping to save her BBC career. Splashing out: Helen Boaden took Louis Charalambous to the Proms on September 4 as a publicly funded 'thank you'. She accepted more 'freebies' than any other executive from the public purse during the festival . During the probe, Boaden was given £101,000 of legal advice which licence payers had to fund. As a result of the scandal, Ms Boaden was forced out of her previous job, head of BBC news, after being criticised for her poor management skills. She was appointed BBC radio chief instead and is now paid £340,000 per year. Details of the Proms evening came in a Freedom of Information response showing BBC bosses spent £31,212 entertaining friends, partners, colleagues, politicians and showbusiness personalities at the concerts. Proms: The head of radio, former director of news, sat in a private box for the performances in the Albert Hall . Plus ones: Labour's Luciana Berger and Sir Jonathan Evans, former head of MI5, were also on Ms Boaden's extensive list of guests in the box, as well as Vanessa Feltz. Her Proms bill came to £8,639 over 14 nights . Ms Boaden hosted and co-hosted guests on 14 nights — far outstripping any other senior BBC figure. Her Proms bill came to £8,639. Mr Charalambous joined her on September 4. Others in the box that night, which cost £714, included ex-BBC chief Lord Birt. Over the summer her other guests included Labour MP Luciana Berger, ex-MI5 chief Sir Jonathan Evans and radio presenter Vanessa Feltz. More than 60 of the highest-paid BBC employees accepted a free ticket, including Sir Bruce Forsyth, Jeremy Paxman, Fiona Bruce, Professor Brian Cox, James Naughtie and Alan Yentob. Jeremy Paxman was one of a number of BBC employees to accept free tickets to concerts this year . Bruce Forsyth, alongside Fiona Bruce, Professor Brian Cox, James Naughtie and Alan Yentob, received tickets . Most were allowed a plus-one. A BBC spokesman said: ‘The BBC Proms is the world’s largest classical music festival and a major cultural event managed and broadcast by the BBC. ‘Money raised from tickets and programmes goes towards the running costs of the festival. 'It is appropriate that the event is used for hospitality, given that it is managed and run by the BBC.’
highlights: Helen Boaden, head of radio and former head of news, offered lawyer Louis Charalambous a seat in her publicly-funded private box last month . The solicitor was paid thousands to represent her during the Savile scandal . Figures show BBC bosses spent £31,212 entertaining guests at the Proms . With 14 nights of hosting, Ms Boden far outstripped all other executives .
id: 036fecb0766acf7d91d26466b9f824bd8800449a
chatgpt: The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), one of the world’s leading broadcasters, has been under fire after reports emerged that its senior executives were enjoying luxurious perks including publicly-funded private boxes at the Royal Albert Hall in London, where the Proms are held.  Helen Boaden, the head of radio and former head of news at the BBC, has come under scrutiny after she was found to have offered lawyer Louis Charalambous a seat in her privately-funded box during last month’s Proms. This comes just months after Mr. Charalambous was paid thousands to represent Boaden during the scandal surrounding Jimmy Savile. The BBC’s use of publicly-funded hospitality at the Proms has recently come under fire.  Official figures show that BBC bosses spent £31,212 on entertaining guests during the festival. With 14 nights of hosting, Boaden far outstripped all other executives in terms of entertaining guests. The figure has sparked widespread public anger, as the broadcaster is funded by an annual licence fee paid by UK households. Boaden and the BBC have come under attack for using public money to enjoy some of the best seats in the house at the Proms, an event that is often seen as a symbol of the country's cultural heritage. The broadcaster has responded, stating that the Government’s guidelines allow for the use of public funds for entertaining clients and partners. The statement added that the corporation does not receive direct state funding, and therefore the use of public funds is both legal and ethical. However, critics of the BBC argue that it is irresponsible for senior executives to indulge in such lavish entertainment at a time when the country is facing a financial crisis. They say that the BBC’s use of publicly-funded hospitality, particularly during the Proms, is totally unacceptable.  The latest news about Boaden’s offer to Charalambous has only added to the controversy. Last year, the solicitor was paid thousands of pounds to represent Boaden during the fallout from the Jimmy Savile scandal. The arrangement raised concerns about potential conflicts of interest between the BBC and its legal representatives, and this latest development will only fuel those concerns. Boaden has defended her actions, stating that she had offered a number of people the opportunity to enjoy the Proms from her public box. She added that the box was not hers alone, but was shared with other executives and their guests. She also emphasised that the use of public funds for entertaining at the Proms was within the BBC’s guidelines. The controversy surrounding Boaden and the BBC’s use of public funds for hospitality at the Proms looks set to continue. Critics argue that the broadcaster should show more responsibility and restraint when it comes to using public funds for entertainment. The latest revelations will only raise further concerns about the BBC’s accountability and transparency. With the licence fee due for renewal soon, the broadcaster will need to answer some tough questions from its critics if it wants to maintain the support of the public.