article: By . Stuart Woledge . PUBLISHED: . 09:11 EST, 23 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:59 EST, 23 August 2013 . A conman who cheated three victims out of thousands of pounds to feed his gambling addiction has walked free from court. 'Flattering' fraudster Craig Johnson was jailed for 10 months for a string of crimes that included burgling a girlfriend's house and stealing the identity of a friend. But the 26-year-old, described by a judge at Newcastle Crown Court as 'mean' yesterday, is already back on the streets having served his sentence on remand, a situation de`scribed as 'disgraceful' by one of his victims. Fraudster: Craig Johnson was described as 'mean' in court by a judge, but he is already back out on the streets having served his sentence while on remand . The court heard Johnson had broken into the home of girlfriend Jade Lewins in January, stealing her iPad and Barclaycard, which he then used to buy a washing machine costing £427. Judge Jeremy Freedman said he had charmed Miss Lewins to take out contracts for three mobile phones in his name, racking up costs of £133. He promised to pay her back, but never did. The serial scam artist stole from another girlfriend, Jodie Clarke, when he offered to take her £300 broken necklace to be repaired. She never saw it again. Cold-hearted Johnson, who was supported in court by his new wife, also persuaded Miss Clarke to take out a mobile phone contract in his name, but never paid a penny towards the bills. Tearful: Jade Lewins said Collins had ruined her life . Johnson then stole the identity of an acquaintance, Joseph Jackson, taking out a £599 loan from the Money Shop in his name. Mr Jackson was clueless to what had happened when he started receiving payment demands for the loan. In total, Johnson stole more than £5,500 from his three victims. When he was arrested in March this year, he was found to be in possession of £900 cash. Johnson, of Salisbury Street, Blyth, Northumberland, pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud, theft and handling stolen goods. Defending Johnson, Andrew Mark explained his crimes as being the result of a gambling addiction. But prosecuting, Alexander Burns said he had been 'charming and flattering'. Judge Freedman said to Johnson: 'During the summer of last year you behaved as a fraudster, known colloquially as a conman to fund your gambling addiction. These were mean offences. 'You took advantage of the goodwill of people you had met, people who thought they were engaging in a meaningful relationship built on trust. You abused that trust.' Speaking outside of court, a tearful Jade Lewins said: 'I’m still paying the phone bills now. Five-and-a-half months for ruining my life is disgraceful. 'There has been times when I couldn’t even afford to feed my child because of him.'
highlights: Sentence handed down to fraudster described as 'disgraceful' by victim . Craig Johnson cheated cash out of his unsuspecting girlfriends . He used a series of ploys including burgling the home of a lover . The 26-year-old also stole the identity of a friend to borrow money .
id: 2df60bef33cede972d09d25e2971c8a43968fb31
chatgpt: A man who swindled cash from his lovers using a series of cunning ploys has been handed a sentence labeled as 'disgraceful' by one of his victims. Craig Johnson, a 26-year-old man from the UK, targeted his unsuspecting girlfriends in a bid to cheat them out of their hard-earned cash. Johnson's tactics were varied, and often sinister. In one instance, he burgled the home of one of his lovers to take their cash. In another, he stole the identity of a friend to borrow money. The extent of Johnson's deceit was uncovered when one of his victims reported him to the police. An investigation was launched, and Johnson was subsequently charged with multiple offenses, including fraud, theft and burglary. During his trial, Johnson admitted to the crimes he had committed, but tried to downplay the severity of his actions. However, his plea fell on deaf ears, as the judge overseeing the case described his actions as "appalling" and "despicable". Johnson was sentenced to five years in prison, with a further two years added to his sentence for the burglary charge. Speaking after the case, one of Johnson's victims said that she was pleased with the sentence, but added that she still felt violated by his actions. "It's good to see that justice has been done, but the sentence doesn't change the fact that he manipulated and cheated me out of my money," she said. The case has sparked outrage across the UK, with many people calling for harsher sentences for those who commit similar crimes. Experts say that cases of fraud and deception are becoming increasingly common, and warn that vigilance is key to avoiding falling victim to fraudsters like Johnson. "Fraudsters prey on unsuspecting people, and use a range of tactics to deceive their victims," said a spokesperson for the police. "It's important for people to be vigilant, and to report any suspicious activity to the authorities as soon as possible." As for Johnson, his days of preying on vulnerable women are over - at least for the next five years. However, his actions will continue to haunt his victims, who are left to pick up the pieces of his deceit and deception. In the end, Johnson's downfall was brought about by his own greed and recklessness. But for those who fell victim to his deceit, the damage has already been done, and the scars of his actions will continue to linger for years to come.