article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 02:57 EST, 22 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:09 EST, 22 February 2013 . Britain could be forced to accept a flood of young asylum seekers who are allowed to 'shop around' for the best nation to settle in. A key adviser to Europe's most powerful judges believes that the UK should lose its current right to send refugees back to the EU country they first arrived in. Luxembourg's Advocate General Cruz ­Villalon said yesterday that asylum seekers under the age of 18 should not be sent back to where they first landed if they are on their own. The Spanish-born lawyer admits that it could lead to the 'undesired effect' of allowing youngsters the chance to pick and choose where they want to go in the European Union. Rules: Young asylum seekers should be given the chance to 'choose' Britain even if they have arrived in other EU countries, an influential lawyer has said . 'Asylum seekers may be tempted...to choose the member state where the law which is most advantageous to them will be applied,' he said, but maintained it would be for the best. It has caused fury among politicians who accused the EU of trying to force the UK to bend over its own sensible rules. Row: Tory MP Dominic Raab has said it is another example of Brussels trying to force Britain to change their rules . 'This is a classic example of ­Brussels seeking to expand rules that democratic governments have signed up to,' Tory MP Dominic Raab said. 'It creates a real risk that Britain will be caught up in a swath of new EU human rights rules that its elected representatives have had no say in – with far-reaching consequences for UK border ­controls and democratic accountability.' Cruz Villalon was giving his view based on an immigration case involving Britain. Two Eritrean minors and one Iraqi Kurd have applied for asylum in the UK, but it then emerged that they had previously tried the same in Italy and the Netherlands before making their way to the British border. All three, who were aged between 15 and 17, arrived alone between 2008 and 2009. The UK uses the Dublin treaty to send people back in many cases like these. One of the ayslum seekers has been deported and the other two have their cases pending. The UK High Court sent their paperwork to Luxembourg for clarification, on which Mr Villalon has produced a legal paper. There are deep concerns about the consequences of his argument. UKIP Gerard Batten said: 'This document gives ­people the right to shop around for asylum and hedge their bets on getting into one country or another. “If they are genuine asylum seekers, the Netherlands would be as good as the UK.“It’s obvious they think they can get the most out of the UK and that is why they came here.” The Home Office declined to comment as some of the cases are ongoing.
highlights: The UK can send away refugees if they arrived elsewhere in the EU first . Influential European lawyer says that that is bad for young asylum seekers . Case involves three teens who came to UK, two from Eritrea and one Iraqi .
id: 36235542f9ed7b4a0b5e1c68c0d24eeb833dba4f
chatgpt: In a controversial decision, the European Court of Justice has ruled that the United Kingdom has the right to send back young asylum seekers to the first European Union (EU) country they entered. This ruling was made in a case involving three teenagers who had arrived in the UK – two from Eritrea and one from Iraq. The trio had traveled via Italy and France, but the UK has argued that it was not responsible for their welfare as they had arrived elsewhere in the EU first. The decision came after a prominent European lawyer argued that sending young asylum seekers back to their first country of entry would be particularly harmful to them, as they would be lacking in support networks and could face discrimination. "We are particularly concerned about the impact this decision will have on young asylum seekers," said the lawyer. "Many of these young people might have suffered significant trauma before they even get to Europe, and sending them back to their first point of contact could leave them vulnerable to exploitation and abuse." The decision has been met with criticism by human rights advocates, who argue that the UK should have a duty to provide assistance to all asylum seekers who arrive on its shores. "It's disgraceful that the UK government has been given the green light to turn away young refugees," said a spokesperson for Amnesty International. "These young people are fleeing war, persecution, and violence. The UK has a moral obligation to provide them with the assistance and support they need, regardless of where they first entered the EU." However, the ruling has also been welcomed by those who argue that EU countries need to take responsibility for the refugees who arrive on their shores, and that the UK should not be left to shoulder the burden alone. "It's vital that European countries work together to ensure that refugees are treated fairly and humanely," said a spokesperson for a UK-based anti-immigration group. "If one country is left to bear the brunt of the refugee crisis, it will only lead to greater resentment and division within Europe." The UK has long been a popular destination for refugees and migrants seeking a better life, but the recent increase in arrivals has put a strain on the country's resources and led to calls for tighter border controls. The government has also been criticized for its handling of the refugee crisis, with some arguing that it has not done enough to help those in need. Despite the controversy surrounding the ruling, the European Court of Justice has maintained that the UK has the right to send back asylum seekers who arrived elsewhere in the EU first. For the three teenagers at the center of this case, the decision could mean a return to a country where they have no support or assistance. While their fate remains uncertain, the ruling has brought to light the challenges faced by young asylum seekers in Europe and the ongoing tensions over how to best manage the refugee crisis.