article: (CNN) -- An injury time penalty from Mario Balotelli secured a dramatic 3-2 win for Manchester City as they staved off a brave fight back from Tottenham to maintain their three point lead at the top of the English Premier League. City's main title rivals, Manchester United, also negotiated a difficult test at Arsenal by winning 2-1 to remain on the coat tails of their big-spending neighbors. Victories for both Manchester clubs saw them pull clear from third-placed Tottenham -- City are now eight points ahead of them, and United five -- with the race for the championship now seeming like a two-horse race. Italy striker Balotelli was involved in another contentious incident in the match as he appeared to aim a stamp at Scott Parker's head, a flashpoint that angered Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp. "What reason did he have to kick Scott in the head with his studs while he is lying on the floor? It's not a nice thing to do and it has no place in football," Redknapp told a press conference. "It's not the first time he's done that is it? I'm sure it won't be the last. I'm the last person to talk about getting people sent off, but it's blatantly obvious if you see that, he reacts like that at times to challenges." Prior to Balotelli's late spot kick the game burst to life in nine second half minutes. First, Samir Nasri's emphatic finish from Silva's pass on 56 minutes gave City the lead before Joleon Lescott bundled a corner into the net three minutes later. But City let the visitors back into the game within a minute as centre back Stefan Savic failed to deal with a long ball and Jermain Defoe took the ball round City goalkeeper Joe Hart to finish into an empty net. And five minutes later, Tottenham were level as Gareth Bale struck a superb equalizer from the edge of the penalty area after Aaron Lennon's pass. Defoe had a chance to win the game for Tottenham in injury time but though he stretched to connect with Bale's cross he could only poke the ball wide of the target from four yards out. And Tottenham were made to pay for that miss as Ledley King brought down Balotelli in the final minute of added on time and the Italian made no mistake from 12 yards. Manchester United took the lead at Arsenal's Emirates Stadium in north London when Antonio Valencia headed home Ryan Giggs' cross on the stroke of half time. Arsenal's Dutch captain Robin van Persie, who had already squandered a great chance to bring his side level, found the net on 71 minutes with an angled drive from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's pass. Teenage winger Oxlade-Chamberlain was substituted straight after the equalizer, drawing boos from the home support. And his replacement, Russian Andrei Arshavin, failed to close down Valencia as he got into the area late in the game to tee up England striker Danny Welbeck for the winner.
highlights: Mario Balotelli's late penalty hands Manchester City a 3-2 victory over Tottenham Hotspur . Italian appeared to aim a stamp at opponent's head before he scored the winning goal . Manchester United beat Arsenal 2-1 at the Emirates to keep pace with title rivals . City remain three points ahead of United as both Manchester clubs move clear of third .
id: fb3ffd08cd185026c50ad7b693fe290c77d5f33f
chatgpt: In a thrilling Premier League clash between Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur at the Etihad Stadium, it was Mario Balotelli's late penalty that secured a dramatic 3-2 victory for the home side. However, the Italian's celebrations were overshadowed by a controversial incident that could land him in trouble with the authorities. Balotelli, who had already scored one goal in the match, stepped up to take a penalty in the 90th minute with the scores level at 2-2. He made no mistake from the spot, drilling the ball into the bottom corner to send City fans into raptures. However, replays showed that as he turned away to celebrate, Balotelli appeared to aim a stamp at the head of Tottenham defender Scott Parker. The incident was missed by the officials on the pitch, but it is likely that the Football Association will review the footage and could take disciplinary action against the mercurial striker. Despite the controversy surrounding Balotelli's winning goal, the win was crucial for City as they maintain their three-point lead over arch-rivals Manchester United at the top of the table. City had taken the lead in the first half through a superb counter-attacking goal from Samir Nasri, but Spurs equalized early in the second half through a deflected shot from Jermain Defoe. City retook the lead on the hour mark through Edin Dzeko, but again Spurs fought back, with the impressive Gareth Bale heading home from close range. With the game seemingly heading for a draw, Balotelli's penalty decided the outcome, but the incident that followed threatened to take the shine off City's victory. Meanwhile, across town at the Emirates Stadium, Manchester United were also victorious, beating Arsenal 2-1 to keep pace with their neighbors at the top of the table. Goals from Antonio Valencia and Danny Welbeck were enough for United to secure the win, despite a late consolation from Arsenal's Robin van Persie. The win was United's fifth in a row and puts them level on points with City, but with an inferior goal difference. It also sees the two Manchester clubs move clear of third-placed Tottenham in the race for the title, with the London side now seven points behind City. Both City and United will be buoyed by their victories, but City's has been overshadowed by the controversy surrounding Balotelli's actions. The Italian has courted controversy throughout his career, and this latest incident will only add to his reputation as a volatile and unpredictable character. However, City fans will be hoping that Balotelli can channel his aggression and continue to contribute to their title challenge, while United will be looking to build on their fine form and overhaul their local rivals in the coming weeks. As the season heads into its final stretch, the battle for the Premier League title is heating up, with two of England's biggest clubs set to go head-to-head in a thrilling race to the finish line.