article: By . Lucy Crossley . Prince Edward managed to keep a straight face as he was shown a display of ancient artifacts during a tour of an exhibition on Roman sexuality. The Earl of Wessex paid a visit to Brading Roman Villa on the Isle of Wight, an evacated site dating back to the mid first century, which now hosts a gallery and museum. During his trip to the site, the Queen's youngest son was shown around a new exhibition, featuring a number of pieces on loan from the British Museum - entitled Roman Sexuality: Images, Myths And Meanings. Awkward moment: The Earl of Wessex is shown a number of ancient artifacts by Dr Mike Bishop (left) as part of a display about Roman Sexuality . Artifact: Prince Edward is shown the world famous Warren Cup, which recently featured in BBC series History Of The World in 100 Objects . History: The cup is named after its first modern owner, collector and writer Edward Perry Warren, and was acquired by the British Museum in 1999 . During his tour with the Villa's curator Dr Mike Bishop, the Prince came face to face with a number of eye-catching items including a large terracotta phallus, and the world famous Warren Cup which recently featured in BBC series History Of The World in 100 Objects. The ancient drinking vessel is decorated with two male same-sex acts, and is thought to be from the first century AD. The cup is named after its first modern owner, collector and writer Edward Perry Warren, and was acquired by the British Museum in 1999. On show: Prince Edward cracks a smile as he is shown the Roman drinking vessel . Visitor: During his tour with Dr Bishop, the Prince was shown a number of eye-catching items . The Royal visitor managed to make it around the exhibits without blushing, although he did crack a smile as he was shown the famous cup. Prince Edward is a patron of Brading Roman Villa, and visited the centre during his trip to the Isle of Wight with his wife Sophie - who paid a trip to a local primary school. 'He spent a good bit of time looking around,' Dr Bishop told the Isle Of Wight County Press. 'He was very interested indeed.'
highlights: Earl of Wessex visited Brading Roman Villa on the Isle of Wight . He was taken on a tour of a new exhibition featuring Roman artifacts . Exhibition was entitled Roman Sexuality: Images, Myths And Meanings . Items on loan from the British Museum include the famous Warren Cup . Engraved drinking vessel thought to have been made in the first century .
id: 7fab3e93daefc5d05b1d415073e66c71312e1274
chatgpt: The Earls of Wessex visited Brading Roman Villa on the Isle of Wight to tour a new exhibition featuring Roman artifacts. The exhibition, entitled Roman Sexuality: Images, Myths and Meanings, showcased a collection of rare items on loan from the British Museum, including the famous Warren Cup. The engraved drinking vessel, thought to have been made in the first century, was a highlight of the exhibition. During his visit, the Earl was given an exclusive tour of the exhibition, which explores sexuality in the Roman world. He was shown around the various galleries, which were home to a diverse range of items, including pottery, frescoes, and sculptures. The exhibition offers visitors a glimpse into the private lives of the Romans, with a focus on the attitudes and beliefs they held towards sex and sexuality. One of the standout features of the exhibition was the Warren Cup, an engraved silver goblet that depicts scenes of homosexual love. The cup, which is over 2,000 years old, is one of the most celebrated examples of classical erotica in the world. It is believed to have been made in Rome during the reign of Emperor Augustus and was acquired by the British Museum in 1999. The Earl was impressed by the exhibition and spoke highly of the work that had gone into putting it together. He praised the staff at Brading Roman Villa for their hard work and dedication in curating the collection. "It's wonderful to see these artifacts brought together in such a stunning exhibition," he said. "It's a testament to the incredible work that has been done to preserve the history of this fascinating era." The Roman Sexuality exhibition has been a huge success, attracting visitors from all over the world since it opened earlier in the year. The Earl's visit has helped to raise awareness of the exhibition even further and has encouraged even more people to come and discover the remarkable artifacts on display. Overall, the exhibition offers a unique insight into the fascinating world of Roman sexuality. With its beautifully curated collection and rare items on display, it's no surprise that it has been so popular with visitors. It's a must-see for anyone interested in the history of the Roman Empire and the attitudes towards sex and sexuality during this time.