article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 1:10 PM on 1st July 2011 . Police chiefs are set to scrap a plan to replace vultures with sniffer dogs after it turned out to be a miserable failure. The German authorities imported the feathered recruits from Carinthia, Austria, after hearing of their incredible eyesight and fantastic sense of smell. It was hoped these attributes, coupled with the birds' ability to find dead prey would help them to find dead bodies. Vultures are famed for their eyesight and sense of smell - but plans to replace police sniffer dogs with the birds have fallen flat (file picture) But the three birds - named Sherlock, Miss Marple and Columbo - have not only failed to ever find a single cadaver laid out in the wild for them  - but one of the vultures has consistently refused to fly at all. Instead Sherlock walks around at the speed similar to a waddling duck making him far less efficient than the average sniffer dog. In addition to this, the other two birds - Miss Marple and Columbo - spend all of their time fighting. An insider working with the project at Walsrode in Lower Saxony, Germany, confirmed: 'The project has been a disaster.' Early trials with the birds - which have a five foot wingspan - had already ruffled feathers with fans of more traditional methods. 'Everyone knows what vultures do when they find a body and they're not going to be as easy to call off as a Labrador. You could find half the evidence disappearing down their beaks,' said one. When contacted this week for a comment, project creator Hermann Meyer said that the vultures were 'not currently available for journalists.' Trainer German Alonso admitted: 'They don't seem to be able to do anything other than attack each other.' And he revealed further research had been done on the birds which indicated they might not have been the best choice. He said: 'It seems they are rather cowardly birds - they would rather hide in the woods than be out and about in the open.'
highlights: Vultures Miss Marple and Columbo fight constantly, while Sherlock refuses to fly, preferring to walk in circles . Police sources slam project 'as a disaster'
id: 1f1cc702d0d41613f5a215bda06b8c8e132cc3a5
chatgpt: In a peculiar turn of events, two vultures, affectionately named Miss Marple and Columbo, have been caught fighting constantly at a local wildlife sanctuary. Meanwhile, their avian counterpart, Sherlock, has apparently refused to take flight altogether, preferring instead to walk in circles on the ground. Experts at the sanctuary have been left stumped by the unusual behavior of the three birds. Avian specialist, Dr. Jane Smith, said that the birds' behavior was completely inexplicable as vultures are typically known to be solitary creatures. Despite numerous attempts by the sanctuary staff to reconcile Miss Marple and Columbo, the feisty vultures remain at odds with one another. Though it remains unclear what has caused the rift between the two vultures, many speculate that it could be due to jealousy or competition over food. Meanwhile, Sherlock, the third vulture, has caught the eye of many, who have been left wondering why he seems to be neglecting his natural ability to fly. According to Dr. Smith, "Sherlock has been walking in circles since he arrived at the sanctuary. It's very strange behavior for a vulture, as they are meant to fly and soar across the sky." Local police sources have also criticized the sanctuary's vulture program, labelling it as a "disaster". According to a spokesperson for the police department, "It's a complete waste of resources. We should be focused on more pressing matters." Despite the criticism, the dedicated staff at the sanctuary have reaffirmed their commitment to improving the wellbeing of their feathered residents. They have launched a new training program aimed at helping vultures improve their flight skills and foster better social relationships with one another. As they continue to observe and care for their vulture inhabitants, the sanctuary staff remain committed to providing them with the highest quality of care while they work to get to the bottom of this ongoing mystery.