article: When Oliver Strümpfel heads to the bar, you put your order in quick ... because you know he'll never topple your tipple. The German waiter won't even need help bringing the drinks back to the table since he learned to carry 27 pints in one go. And yesterday he proved he's one ale of a barman when he smashed the world record - and not a single glass - by carrying the 62kg stack for 40 metres. Scroll down for video . He can hold his drink: When Oliver Strümpfel heads to the bar, put your order in quick ... because you know he'll never topple your tipple . He performed the incredible feat at the Gillemoos festival, in  Abensberg, Bavaria, beating off competition from around the world. But to carry the stack  without spilling much more than a drop required a punishing training regime that lasted for months. Gentle! There were one or two dicey moments when he performed the feat at the Gillemoos festival, in Abensberg . Heavy weight: But to carry the stack without spilling much more than a drop required a punishing training regime that lasted for months . Spilled: He did come up against some stiff competition, in particular the efforts of fellow German Michael Sturm. But Mr Sturm just couldn't hold his drink so well, covering himself in beer in the process . 'It is no longer enough to just carry the mugs, but you have to support the training by going to the gym, especially in Winter when you don't get much time carrying the beer mugs,' he said. Strümpfel did come up against some stiff competition, in particular the efforts of fellow German Michael Sturm. But Mr Sturm just couldn't hold his drink so well, covering himself in beer in the process.
highlights: Oliver Strümpfel smashed the beer carrying record in Abensberg, Bavaria . He carried 27 litre-glasses - weighing 62kg - over a distance of 40 metres . He says it wasn't easy - and required many months of training in the gym .
id: 6a2a00e12ea647dbc278dee87a2f23a8e79ab231
chatgpt: Oliver Strümpfel, a resident of Abensberg, Bavaria, has broken the beer carrying record by carrying 27 litre-glasses of beer over a distance of 40 metres. The total weight of the glasses was 62kg. The previous record for carrying beer in Bavaria was 25 litre-glasses. To prepare for the challenge, Strümpfel underwent intense training in the gym for many months. He had to build up his arm and shoulder strength, as well as his endurance to be able to carry the heavy beer glasses for the required distance. Speaking to reporters after the event, Strümpfel said that breaking the record was not an easy feat. He had to remain focused and calm throughout the entire event. He also revealed that he had to practice for hours at a time to build up his stamina and physical abilities. The event, which was held in Abensberg, attracted a lot of attention from locals and tourists alike. Many people gathered to watch Strümpfel carry the beer glasses and cheer him on as he made his way towards the finish line. After successfully breaking the beer carrying record, Strümpfel received a lot of recognition and praise from the community. He hopes that his accomplishment will inspire others to take on extraordinary challenges and achieve their goals, no matter how difficult they may seem. The beer carrying challenge has been a long-standing tradition in Bavaria, with many people taking part every year. Oliver Strümpfel's victory has elevated the event to a whole new level and inspired many people to take on the challenge themselves. In conclusion, Oliver Strümpfel's record-breaking beer carrying feat has become the talk of the town in Abensberg, Bavaria. His determination and hard work are an inspiration to everyone who wishes to achieve extraordinary things in life.