article: (CNN) -- The big draw to this year's "Doctor Who" Christmas special was the Doctor meeting Santa, but as usual, there ended up being a lot more to it than that. First thing's first, Nick Frost was brilliant casting in one of the best portrayals of Santa ever. And the story -- which involved dreams within dreams -- was classic "Who," slyly acknowledging the fact that it was also paying tribute to "Alien" and "The Thing From Another World." ("There's a horror film called 'Alien'?" the Doctor asked in shock. "That's really offensive. No wonder everyone keeps invading you.") But the biggest question hanging over all was where things stood between the Doctor and Clara. As showrunner Steven Moffat put it in a recent call with the press, "As (the last episode) ended, they parted forever, having lied to each other, and that is where we find them again. We don't just ignore it because it's Christmas." Indeed, at one point, one of the parasitic aliens convinced Clara that her dead boyfriend Danny had been alive this whole time, and her encounter with the Doctor was the dream. Her final goodbye to a dream version of Danny was heartbreaking, but it still remained to be seen if she would ever travel with the Doctor. It certainly looked as though this was it -- following a terrific Christmas moment of the Doctor flying in Santa's sleigh -- when the Doctor saved Clara from an alien, only to find that she had aged many years. Clara fans had to have been overjoyed to see that this too was a dream, and Clara was ready to continue her journeys with the Doctor, all thanks to Santa and his signature tangerines. Fans on Twitter reacted on Christmas night in a mostly positive manner. "That episode of Doctor Who actually made me cry!" tweeted one fan while another tweeted "#DoctorWhoChristmas restored my spirit and has me on the edge of my seat for season 9. All of time and space in a big blue box. Don't argue." Some were less than enthused. "Alright #doctorwhochristmas," tweeted one viewer. "My thoughts: eh. Was I the only one hoping this would be the end for Clara? I just want a new companion for 12." And yet another summed it all up with "Recipe for #DoctorWhoChristmas: One part #Kafka, dash of #Kubrick 2 parts Ridley Scott & a side of #Capra." .
highlights: Nick Frost makes a smashing Santa in "Doctor Who" special . There was a heartbreaking goodbye involving Clara . Fans on Twitter reacted mostly in positive way, but some were less than enthused .
id: c852f9e53a09077a7bd1b2c54ccfcde1d45ca680
chatgpt: Actor Nick Frost took on the role of Santa Claus in the latest Doctor Who Christmas special episode, titled "Last Christmas." The annual special episode aired on BBC One on Christmas day, drawing in viewers and fans from all over the world. Frost's portrayal of Santa Claus in this episode was well-received among fans, with many taking to Twitter to share their positive reactions. However, the emotional goodbye involving Clara (Jenna-Louise Coleman), the Doctor's loyal companion, left many fans feeling heartbroken. This scene marked the end of Clara's time on the show, and fans were left with mixed emotions. Frost's impression of Santa Claus was impeccable. He brought a new level of charisma and charm to the character, becoming a fan favorite alongside the other beloved actors who have taken on the role in the past. Frost's portrayal of Santa added a much-needed sense of humor and wit to the special episode. Despite the overwhelming positivity on Twitter, many fans expressed a sense of dissatisfaction with the emotional goodbye involving Clara. Some fans felt that her character was not given an appropriate farewell, and that her departure felt rushed and unfulfilling. The special episode had been eagerly anticipated by fans worldwide, many of whom gathered together with family and friends to watch the special on Christmas day. The episode was filled with plenty of holiday cheer, along with the expected science fiction and action-packed scenes that have made the show a global phenomenon. Overall, the special episode of Doctor Who featuring Nick Frost as Santa Claus was a huge success. Frost's acting brought a new level of excitement and fun to the character, showcasing his versatility as an actor. Although fans were left feeling a bit saddened by Clara's departure, the show's loyal following continues to support the entire cast and crew of Doctor Who.