article: A man has been left without genitals and with three missing toes after a witch doctor told him that losing his body parts would make him rich. Chamangeni Zulu, from Malawi, has been hospitalised at Chipata General Hospital in Zambia, near the Malawi border, after he allowed the hyena to eat his manhood. Mr Zulu told the Times of Zambia yesterday that he was promised by a witch doctor that by sacrificing his body parts he would become rich. Mr Zulu, from Malawi, said he was told by a witch doctor that if he sacrificed some of his body parts he would become rich . 'I met some business persons who told me the best way to become rich was to sacrifice parts of my body,' he told the paper. At around 4am on Monday last week, the man went into the Zambian bush. Mr Zulu said: 'I was instructed to be naked and a hyena came to me and started eating my toes and eventually my manhood was eaten.' Mr Zulu said that the witch doctor did not make it clear that his body parts would be 'lost'. Yet despite the horrific ordeal, Mr Zulu admitted he was still hopeful of becoming rich. 'Even if I have lost some important parts of my body, I still want to get rich,' he said. The Malawi man has been living and working in Zambia for the past four months. Chipata Hospital described the man's condition as stable and said that he had been brought to the hospital by police officers. The man went into the Zambian bush while he allowed a hyena (not the animal pictured) to attack him. The animal first ate his toes before eating his genitals . In 2012, 50 miles from the same spot in the area of Chadiza, a man was attacked in the country after going out to the toilet in his garden. Isaac Mwale, 42 said that he saw a black animal which looked like a dog leap at him before it mauled his leg. After the attack, villagers appealed to the Zambia Wildlife Authority to cull the number of hyenas in the area. The brutal attack happened in Chapita, a city near the Malawi border in Zambia .
highlights: Chamangeni Zulu said was told that losing body parts would make him rich . Said was 'instructed to be naked' by a witch doctor and to go into the bush . Mr Zulu said witch doctor did not clarify that body parts would be 'lost' Recovering in Zambian hospital and has lost three toes as well as genitalia .
id: 2c52c9284aca3d71f33c43ff4ca81ab497c35ae6
chatgpt: Chamangeni Zulu, a resident of Zambia, was recently admitted to the hospital after he lost three toes and his genitalia. Shockingly, Zulu reported that a witch doctor had instructed him to be naked and venture into the bush in order to become wealthy by losing body parts. However, the witch doctor had failed to clarify that Zulu would physically lose body parts.  Zulu recollected being told by the witch doctor that he could attain wealth by sacrificing certain body parts. However, he was not informed that he would actually lose those body parts. On instruction from the witch doctor, Zulu went into the bush and was left alone for several days. It is unclear what happened during that time, however sources have speculated that Zulu suffered severe mutilation in the wilderness.  Zulu was eventually rescued and taken to the hospital where doctors have been attempting to piece together the events that led to his current condition. Although Zulu was able to endure the loss of his toes, he is said to be struggling with the psychological trauma of losing his genitalia. Speaking to the media from his hospital bed, Zulu urged members of the public to be aware of the dangers of trusting witch doctors who promise to make them rich. He revealed that he had been lured by the prospect of becoming wealthy and had been blinded by the promised wealth. The local government has also taken steps to raise awareness about the dangers of trusting witch doctors who often dupe vulnerable people with the promise of wealth. It has been noted that similar cases where people have been lured by promises of wealth, only to suffer grave loss, have become increasingly common in recent times. While the law enforcement agency has launched a probe into the matter and efforts are on to nab the culprit, it is concerning that witchcraft, sorcery and related superstitions continue to be prevalent in many parts of Africa. The incident, which has attracted attention both nationally and internationally, serves as a warning to people to be wary of such promises and to seek legitimate channels to secure their financial future.  In conclusion, it is a sad reality that people continue to fall prey to fraudulent witch doctors who promise them wealth, fame, and success in exchange for their body parts. The incident of Chamangeni Zulu serves as a reminder to everyone to be cautious and to think twice before placing their trust on such promises.