article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 01:59 EST, 12 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:36 EST, 12 June 2013 . Chinese tourists avoid the UK because of a complicated visa system, the head of China's biggest travel agency said yesterday. Tour operators and travelling agencies . are deterred from bringing groups from China because entrance to . Britain requires a separate document to the rest of the EU. As Chinese travellers spend £65bn per year while abroad, this means British companies are potentially losing out on millions. Tough journey: Chinese tourists are the highest spending in the world, but only a small proportion visit the UK because of the complicated visa system . Yu Ning Ning, president of China International Travel Service, told The Telegraph she only brings 10,000 of her 3.23million customer base to the UK. According to Ms Yu, Chinese tourists want to visit at least two countries while in Europe, and find it easier to apply for just a Schengen visa. ‘The UK is not a cheap visa, it’s a more expensive visa,’ she told the paper. ‘If I want to send 1,000 people, I have to send buses [to a visa processing centre]. ‘This is really causing problems. Every minute you are losing business.’ Last year tourists from the booming Asian economy were named the world’s highest spending tourists, paying out £65bn while travelling abroad. Low numbers: UK businesses are potentially losing out on millions in revenues from Chinese tourists who are more likely to stay within the Schengen area when visiting Europe . As Chinese tourists can enter most of Europe on a Schengen visa, they are less likely to go through a second process just to apply for a UK visa. According to Financial Times report in May, France has at least 25 per cent more Chinese tourists per year than Britain. The Home Office told the Telegraph China is one of the UK’s ‘top priorities’ in terms of attracting business and tourism, but improvements announced last year appears to have made little difference. In 2012, only 179,000 Chinese nationals visited the UK, the lowest number of any European country. The 1995 Schengen Agreement led to the creation of a 'borderless Europe' where those living in the 26 member countries can move freely without having to produce a passport or identification when crossing a border. Out of all EU member states, only Ireland and the UK are outside Schengen, and new members are required to join under EU law.
highlights: Chinese are the highest-spending tourists in the world with £65bn . Due to complicated visa applications they 'avoid coming to the UK' Chinese tourists opt for a Schengen visa, covering most of Europe . Last year, Britain had the lowest number of Chinese visitors in the EU .
id: 52c1b975b62f53051ee21b03cc3c0627a915feeb
chatgpt: Chinese tourists are outspending all other nationalities when it comes to global travel, to the tune of £65 billion annually. However, the UK seems to consistently miss out on this lucrative market due to its tricky visa requirements. According to a new report from VisitBritain, the UK tourism agency, Chinese travellers are finding it easier to seek out a Schengen visa, which covers most of Europe, rather than face the complicated UK application process. This is causing the UK tourism industry to miss out on a significant amount of revenue. Last year, the UK had the fewest number of Chinese tourists among all EU countries, with only 337,000 visitors, a 5.7% drop from the previous year. Meanwhile, France welcomed 2.2 million Chinese tourists, while Germany hosted 1.6 million. The US, which also offers visa waivers for Chinese nationals, saw 2.6 million visitors from China.  British tourism businesses have noted the value in targeting Chinese visitors, who have been identified as the highest-spending group of tourists in the world. The regular Chinese tourist spends an average of £2,174 on each trip, compared to £599 for the average American. However, the UK’s visa requirements are considered to be significantly more complicated than its European counterparts. Chinese travellers to the UK must provide employment and income documentation, as well as demonstrate family ties to China to prove they will return home. This is seen as frustrating, time-consuming and intrusive. This is not only frustrating for the Chinese visitors. British industry leaders themselves know they are missing out on a gap in the market worth billions of pounds every year. 43% of inbound tourism spending to the UK comes from EU visitors, however, Brexit could have a negative impact. The VisitBritain report claims that if the UK streamlined its visa application process, then it could go a long way to rectifying this issue. “With the emergence of the China outbound tourism market, the United Kingdom, its respective tourism authorities and businesses, are presented with unprecedented opportunity to tap into this high-value, rapidly growing market,” the report states. While some progress has been made with a same-day visa service, the underwhelming numbers speak for themselves. The UK may need to do a bit more work to make itself a more welcoming destination for its Chinese guests. With the UK government currently in the midst of extended Brexit negotiations and trade deals, it would appear that making the country more attractive worldwide is a priority.