article: By . Stephen Adams . Campaigners have described as ‘disgraceful’ a decision by Ministers to slash the level  of fines for hospitals hit by potentially fatal superbugs. The Government claims to have a zero-tolerance approach to the issue. But The Mail on Sunday has discovered that Health Ministers have agreed to: . Health officials claim the cuts have been made because to allow the hospitals to cope with the superbug . One of the most vocal campaigners is Bucks Fizz star Cheryl Baker, 60, whose mother-in-law died of Clostridium difficile in 2006. She said: ‘This is outrageous. It’s disgraceful. My mother-in-law had no dignity at her death. ‘She had no control over her bowels. The C. diff ate through her bowels and poisoned her blood. She died of septicaemia.’ Health officials claim the unpublicised changes have been made because many hospitals are doing all they can to beat the bugs. Details were published in an NHS England document outlining C. diff ‘objectives’ for 2014/15. It says some infections are a consequence of ‘factors outside the control of the NHS’. Many hospitals have been hit with fines for having more than 4,477 cases of the superbug . Targets have been relaxed at 89 of 160 English hospital trusts. Last year (2013/14), they were collectively allowed 4,477 cases before fines were imposed. Many missed their targets and about 5,500 cases were recorded in all. This year the hospitals will be allowed to record 4,976 cases, a rise of 499 or more than ten per cent. At some hospital trusts, the threshold has been almost doubled. The number of allowable cases at the Royal Bolton Hospital, Lancashire, has been increased from 28 to 48, a change local GP Dr Stephen Liversedge said was ‘ridiculous’. Ms Baker said: ‘They are acting as if they have solved the problem. But we can’t take a step backwards – it’s morally wrong.’
highlights: U.K health officials have made changes to the fines imposed on hospitals . Hospitals affected by fine reduction are those with presence of the superbug . Officials claim changes been made because many hospitals are doing all they can to beat the bugs . They say infections are consequence of ‘factors outside control of the NHS’ Increase the number of Clostridium difficile cases  that hospitals can have before being fined; . Cut the fine for each ‘excess’ case by 80 per cent – from £50,000 to just £10,000; . Let doctors decide if an infection counts towards a fine, making it easier for hospitals  to avoid sanctions.
id: ac99f49009b7bd9e6e4006b12c1b8aaecf41e7e9
chatgpt: UK health officials have announced changes to the fines that can be imposed on hospitals for outbreaks of the superbug Clostridium difficile. The changes are aimed at supporting hospitals that are doing everything possible to combat the infection while acknowledging that many factors outside of the NHS's control can contribute to the spread of the bug.  Among the changes are an increase in the number of cases of C. diff that hospitals can have before being fined, as well as an 80% cut to the fines imposed for excess cases. The original fine of £50,000 per excess case has been reduced to just £10,000. Additionally, doctors will now have more power to decide if an infection counts towards a fine, making it easier for hospitals to avoid being hit with sanctions. The changes are a substantial shift from the old system, which levied stiff fines against hospitals for any outbreak of C. diff, regardless of whether or not the hospital was able to get the situation under control. There were concerns that the previous system was unfairly burdening hospitals that were already struggling with limited resources. Health officials have said that the changes reflect a growing understanding of the realities of hospital infections. In particular, they acknowledge that many factors outside of the NHS's control can contribute to the spread of superbugs. These can include factors such as the use of antibiotics, the rapid turnover of patients, and even the spread of infections in the wider community. The hope is that the new system will incentivize hospitals to take a more proactive approach to controlling superbug infections. Rather than simply facing the threat of a large fine, hospitals will now be encouraged to work with doctors and other healthcare professionals to develop a comprehensive approach to reduce the spread of C. diff and other superbugs. While the changes have been welcomed by many healthcare professionals, some have expressed concern that the new system may not go far enough. They argue that hospitals should be held accountable for any preventable outbreak of a superbug, whether or not external factors contributed to its spread. Despite these concerns, officials say that the changes represent a positive step forward in the ongoing battle against hospital infections.