article: Stolen: Thieves are thought to have used a crowbar to prise the historic plaque from the wall of Dore Abbey . A string of medieval monuments stolen from historic country churches are believed to have been targeted by a gang stealing the artefacts to order for wealthy collectors overseas. The stone effigy of a 13th century bishop is the latest in a series of treasured objects lifted from unlocked churches in Herefordshire and Gloucestershire in recent months - ranging from a medieval grave slab to a carved stone knight dating back 800 years. The culprits are thought to have used a crowbar to prise open iron clamps fastening the 15in tall plaque - which originally marked the spot where the 13th century bishop of Hereford John de Breton's heart was interred - to the wall of Dore Abbey in Herefordshire. Churchgoers in the area were left devastated by the loss of the 'irreplaceable treasure', which experts believe was swiped by a gang of thieves that is smuggling the artefacts to other countries - most likely those with different laws surrounding the ownership of stolen property. In Britain title always reverts to the original owner, but in some countries an object bought in good faith becomes the property of the buyer. Targeted: Historic Dore Abbey is thought to have been targeted by thieves stealing historic artefacts to sell to collectors overseas . Sally Badham, president of the Church Monuments Society, told The Times she was convinced the monuments were being smuggled abroad. 'My guess is they are being stolen to order,' she said. 'They (the thieves) clearly know what they want and they are clearly going around with intent.' It is understood that some of the stolen items could fetch many thousands of pounds if they were to be sold legitimately on the open market, but Miss Badham stressed the historic and sentimental value of the missing effigies. 'They are all part of our heritage,' she said. 'We want to pass them on to future generations.' Hazel Prowse, church warden at Dore Abbey, said of the effigy stolen from the Grade I listed church: 'You can't put a price on it. 'It is irreplaceable.' In May an 800-year-old carved figure of a medieval knight was wrenched from the windowsill in St Michael's Church, Castle Frome, near Ledbury. Other historic artefacts targeted by thieves include a medieval grave slab showing a young girl wearing a cloak, and the head and shoulders of a grave effigy of Sir Roger de Wakering from the church he founded at Newland in the Forest of Dean.
highlights: The effigy of a 13th century bishop is the latest historic object to disappear from a country church . Experts believe churches are being targeted by thieves who smuggle the artefacts abroad to be sold to wealthy collectors . Gang is thought to be behind at least half a dozen thefts from churches in Herefordshire and Gloucestershire .
id: cbd421ee0dc9a5b91b1d6f0f96d0ea5ff6fe23f5
chatgpt: The disappearance of a 13th century bishop's effigy is just the latest in a string of historic artefact thefts from country churches in Herefordshire and Gloucestershire. Experts are speculating that a gang is behind the thefts, gathering valuable pieces to smuggle abroad and sell to wealthy collectors. At least half a dozen churches have been targeted, leaving local communities feeling violated and concerned for the safety of their precious heritage. The theft of the effigy, which was located in a church near the town of Ledbury, has left local parishioners distraught. The figure, which depicted the bishop in full regalia, was a treasured part of the church's history, providing a link to the past and a source of inspiration for many visitors. The theft follows a similar pattern to previous incidents in the area. Valuable items, including silver chalices, candlesticks and ancient stone carvings, have all been targeted in previous thefts. In some cases, entire stained-glass windows have been removed from their frames, suggesting a high level of organisation and planning in the gang responsible for the thefts. The Church of England has expressed its deep concern over the spate of thefts in recent years. Not only are these historic objects part of the country's rich cultural heritage, but they are also of great value to local communities, providing an important link to their past and a source of interest for visitors. As it stands, little progress has been made in apprehending those responsible for the thefts. Police suspect that the gang is operating across county borders, making it difficult to track their movements and gather evidence. Despite increased patrols around vulnerable churches, the perpetrators have remained elusive, leaving locals feeling vulnerable and frustrated. The value of stolen artefacts is difficult to estimate, but experts suggest that certain items could fetch hundreds of thousands of pounds on the black market. While the motives behind the thefts are unclear, it is likely that they are being targeted for their potential value abroad. Local groups have called for more to be done to protect churches from theft, particularly as many are situated in isolated rural locations. They have called for more regular police patrols and for further measures to be put in place to increase security around these important buildings. The latest theft of the bishop's effigy is a reminder that historic churches and their artefacts are vulnerable to theft and must be protected. While the loss of these objects is a blow to local communities, it is also a wider cultural loss to the nation as a whole. The Church, police and local communities must work together to tackle this serious issue and preserve our valuable heritage for future generations.