article: By . Kieran Gill for MailOnline . Follow @@kie1410 . Jose Mourinho insists specialists have told him Loic Remy 'does not have a problem to play football' a month after the QPR striker's move to Liverpool collapsed due to a failed medical. The 27-year-old agreed personal terms with the Anfield outfit after his release clause was met by an £8.5million bid, but Liverpool pulled out of the deal following the results of a fitness assessment. Mourinho, though, says he recognises no problem with the France forward ahead of a potential medical with Chelsea to replace Fernando Torres, who joined AC Milan on a two-year loan. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Harry Redknapp express his shock at Loic Remy transfer . Fit: Jose Mourinho insists specialists have told him that QPR striker Loic Remy would be able 'to play football' On the move? Remy was absent from QPR's squad vs Sunderland on Saturday amid potential move to Chelsea . Medical: Remy failed a fitness assessment with Liverpool in July which led to the Anfield club pulling the plug . Born: France, Januar 2 1987 (age 27) Playing position: Striker . 2006-2008: Lyon (12 apps, 0 gls) 2008-2008: Lens (loan) (30, 3) 2008-2010: Nice (68, 26) 2010-2013: Marseille (68, 27) 2013-NOW: QPR (15, 6) 2013-2014: Newcastle (26, 14) 2009-NOW: France (24, 5) 'I told my people in the club that I have no news until the end of this game,' Mourinho told SkySports after Chelsea beat Everton 6-3 at Goodison on Saturday evening. 'They know I don’t like communicating before a game. 'I know that we’re trying since yesterday to get Loic Remy, since we knew Fernando was leaving. 'Now it’s time to make some calls and have news. We have a fantastic doctor and I trust him completely. They will identify any problem. 'He has lots of people working with him in different areas, and for sure we’ll try to identify clearly what the situation is. 'The information we have from specialists in different areas is that he does not have a problem to play football.' Torres ended his three-and-a-half year stint with Chelsea by joining AC Milan on Friday. The striker, having signed for £50m in 2011 from Liverpool, will see out the remainder of his contract in Serie A. Business: Mourinho says his information from specialists is Remy 'does not have a problem to play football' Move: Mourinho admitted he was in the market for Remy since Chelsea learned of Fernando Torres's departure .
highlights: Loic Remy failed a medical with Liverpool in July amid an £8.5million move . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho: 'The information we have from specialists in different areas is that he does not have a problem to play football' Mourinho confirms he will 'make some calls and have news' on signing  Remy . Remy was left out of QPR's squad on Saturday in 1-0 win over Sunderland .
id: 7b6bdae7a083c31d78305930311da38450869618
chatgpt: Loic Remy's potential move to Liverpool was left in the lurch when the striker failed his medical tests earlier this summer. The £8.5 million move was consequently called off, leaving Remy in search of a new club. Fortunately for him, a new opportunity may be on the horizon as Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho confirms that he is looking to sign the striker. After Remy's failed medical exam in July, Liverpool decided not to pursue the deal any further. This led to Remy being left out of QPR's squad for their opening fixture against Sunderland just last weekend. However, his future may be looking brighter with interest from Chelsea. Despite his failed medical with Liverpool, Mourinho is convinced that there is no problem with Remy's fitness. In a recent press conference, the Chelsea manager stated: "The information we have from specialists in different areas is that he does not have a problem to play football." This may be a positive sign for Remy, as Chelsea's interest in him could result in a new signing. While there has yet to be an official announcement regarding Remy's potential move to Chelsea, Mourinho has confirmed that he will be making some calls to obtain more information. Fans of the Blues are likely excited at the prospect of Remy's arrival, as he could be a valuable asset to their team. Remy has proven himself as a capable striker, with impressive performances during his time at QPR and Newcastle. He joined QPR on loan from Marseille in 2013 and was later signed on a permanent deal. Remy then joined Newcastle on loan the following year but only stayed for one season before returning to QPR. During his time in England, Remy has shown that he can be a prolific scorer and could bring some much-needed firepower to Chelsea's forward line. It is still unclear whether Remy will be joining Chelsea or whether he will remain at QPR. However, with Mourinho's interest in the striker, it seems likely that a deal may be reached in the near future. Fans will be eagerly awaiting news on Remy's potential move, which would represent a new chapter in the forward's career.