article: (CNN) -- U.S. President Barack Obama and his vice-president, Joe Biden, won't be there. As a matter of fact, neither will the heads of state from France or Canada. But the good news for Russian President Vladimir Putin is that FIFA president Sepp Blatter will be at the Sochi Winter Olympics. So far only Lithuania's president, Dalia Grybauskaitė -- an outspoken critic of the Russian government -- has openly said that she is boycotting the games for political reasons. The Winter Games have been bedeviled by allegations of corruption leading to cost overruns and Russia's attitude towards homosexuality . However Blatter, who heads world football's governing body and is a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), believes threats to skip the Games over Russia's anti-gay laws would be counterproductive. Gay rights activists have been protesting against the law which was passed in June 2013 which prohibits talking about homosexuality in front of children. The law has been widely criticized by Western leaders who have called it archaic and discriminatory, leading to politicians from around the world deciding to snub the Games. But Blatter, whose own organization is facing criticism for holding the 2014 World Cup in Brazil amid protests and domestic unrest says the opportunity for dialogue outweighs a boycott. "These two events (Sochi and the World Cup in Brazil) have one thing in common: they have both been misused as a platform for political disputes," he said in his column in FIFA's weekly magazine. "In the case of the Winter Olympics, this dispute is coming to a head with threats to boycott the Games. "Such a boycott would change nothing. On the contrary, it may be interpreted as a refusal to establish a dialogue on the issue, as was the case with boycotts of the Olympic Games in Moscow in 1980 or in Los Angeles in 1984. "I believe that such a major event presents a perfect opportunity to strike up conversations and cultivate contacts." Russian President Vladimir Putin has already stated that no athlete would face discrimination at February's Games while protestors will have designated zones in Sochi to make their protests. Blatter, the man who infamously said that racism on the pitch could be settled by a handshake, believes that by traveling to Sochi, it will allow issues such as homosexuality to be discussed in front of a larger audience. "It is also likely that unpleasant issues will be addressed, because FIFA's fight against discrimination does not end with the anti-racism campaign," he added. "We must fight every form of social exclusion. Anyone who decides to boycott the Winter Olympics in Sochi will be surrendering on this important issue, just as anyone running away from a problem will never be able to resolve it. "This reason alone is why it is important for me to travel to Russia."
highlights: FIFA president Sepp Blatter warns against boycott . Swiss says boycott would be a form of "surrender" Blatter says Brazil 2014 World Cup "misused as platform for political disputes" Protestors have voiced opposition to Russia's anti-gay laws .
id: 127b927174a7d7ae9b6b8e1e2b276a6ac82c4f08
chatgpt: FIFA President Sepp Blatter has warned against a possible boycott of the 2018 World Cup in Russia, stating that such a boycott would be a form of "surrender". Blatter's comments come as the world's attention focuses on the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, which has been marred by social unrest and political disputes. In a statement on Friday, Blatter said that the World Cup in Brazil was being "misused as a platform for political disputes", and urged those involved to put aside their differences and celebrate the game. He also expressed concern over the treatment of gay people in Russia, but said a boycott of the World Cup would not be the right response. Protests against Russia's anti-gay laws have been ongoing, with several high-profile athletes and politicians calling for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi earlier this year. Blatter, however, believes that a boycott of the World Cup in Russia would only serve to harm the sport, rather than help the cause of gay rights. "Sport should not be used as a vehicle for political agendas," Blatter said. "A boycott would be a surrender, and that would not achieve anything. We need to use the power of football to bring people together and promote understanding." Blatter's comments have been met with mixed reactions, with some activists insisting that a boycott is the only way to force Russia to repeal its anti-gay laws. Others have applauded FIFA's stance, saying that sport should be kept separate from politics. Meanwhile, protests continue to disrupt the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, with demonstrators clashing with police and disrupting games. Many have been critical of FIFA's decision to hold the competition in Brazil, saying that the country's social problems make it an inappropriate host. Blatter, however, says that the World Cup can still be a force for good in Brazil, and has called on all those involved in the tournament to put aside their differences and show their love for the game. "Football is more than just a game," Blatter said. "It has the power to bring people together, to break down barriers and to promote understanding. That's why we must do everything we can to make sure that the World Cup in Brazil is a success." As the tournament continues, it remains to be seen whether FIFA's message of unity and understanding will be heard amid the ongoing protests and political disputes. But one thing is clear: the World Cup remains a powerful symbol of international cooperation, and despite its problems, it continues to bring people together from all across the globe.