article: Washington (CNN) -- The Environmental Protection Agency is proposing new rules aimed at limiting the amount of carbon pollution coming from new power plants. The standards, which would set separate limits for natural gas and coal power plants, are being called the first uniform national limits for new plants. "Power plants are the single largest sources of carbon pollution," EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said in remarks prepared for delivery at the National Press Club in Washington. "New power plants can minimize their carbon emissions by taking advantage of modern technologies. These technologies offer them a clear path forward, today and in the long-term." New coal power plants and small natural gas plants would be limited to 1,100 pounds of C02 emissions per megawatt-hour. Larger natural gas plants would be limited to one thousand pounds a megawatt-hour. These restrictions are slightly looser than a set first proposed in 2012. McCarthy said the new proposal factors in public feedback from public comments received last year. Existing power plants are exempt from the proposed carbon regulation, but McCarthy said regulations on those plants will be proposed in June. Sen. Joe Manchin, a Democrat who represents coal-rich West Virginia, criticized the administration as trying to hold the coal industry to "impossible standards" "Never before has the federal government forced an industry to do something that is technologically impossible. Forcing coal to meet the same emissions standards as gas when experts know that the required technology is not operational on a commercial scale makes absolutely no sense and will have devastating impacts to the coal industry and our economy," he said in a written statement. McCarthy said the EPA has a history of pollution standards driving technological development. "The old rules may say we can't protect our environment and promote economic growth at the same time, but in America, we've always used new technologies, we've used science, we've used research and development and discovery to make the old rules obsolete," McCarthy said. The president and CEO of the National Mining Association also had harsh words for the proposal. "The regulation announced today by EPA effectively bans coal from America's power portfolio, leaving new power plants equipped with even the most efficient and environmentally advanced technologies out in the cold," said Hal Quinn, asserting that the EPA is "recklessly gambling with the nation's energy and economic future." He said standards should be based on the best technology available today. An EPA official briefing the media on the new clean air proposals Friday said that if they are finalized, the method of recouping costs associated with the new regulations would be determined by the industry. When pressed, the EPA official refused to say if the increased costs would be passed on to consumers. The standards will be open for public comment for 60 days, during which time the agency said, it plans to hold public hearings. U.N. panel says it's more certain that humans drive global warming . CNN's Todd Sperry contributed to this report.
highlights: The standards are being called the first uniform national limits for new plants . Existing power plants are exempt from these regulations, but others are coming . Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia criticizes what he calls "impossible standards"
id: 3d39aff7d285e8b4be168a91a92660ad551bec2c
chatgpt: The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has announced the first uniform national limits for new power plants in an effort to reduce carbon emissions. These regulations set standards for new facilities that generate electricity using fossil fuels. The EPA's new standards limit carbon emissions to 1,000 pounds per megawatt-hour for large natural gas-fired power plants and 1,100 pounds per megawatt-hour for coal-fired power plants. These limits effectively require new plants to install carbon capture and storage (CCS) technology to maintain compliance. Despite the EPA's claims that these standards are necessary to reduce carbon emissions and combat climate change, some lawmakers are skeptical. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV), a vocal opponent of the new standards, called them "impossible standards" that would have a disastrous impact on the economy of states that rely heavily on coal. "I have serious concerns that these new regulations will devastate our state's economy and hurt the hardworking men and women who rely on coal to make ends meet," Manchin said in a statement. "These impossible standards will lead to job losses and higher energy costs for consumers." Others, however, believe that the EPA's new standards are a step in the right direction towards reducing carbon emissions and combating climate change. In a statement, EPA Administrator Michael Regan said that the new regulations were a necessary and achievable step towards a cleaner future. "These first uniform national limits on carbon emissions from power plants are a historic step forward in our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and combat climate change," Regan said. "We can and must take bold action to reduce carbon emissions and protect our planet." While the new regulations only apply to new power plants, there are indications that similar regulations for existing power plants are coming. The EPA is said to be working on guidelines for existing plants that could be released later this year. Existing power plants, however, are exempt from the new regulations, and are not required to install CCS technology or make any other changes to meet the new standards. This has led some to argue that the EPA's new regulations will have a limited impact on overall carbon emissions and climate change, since existing plants are responsible for the majority of emissions. Despite these criticisms, the EPA remains committed to reducing carbon emissions and combatting climate change. In a statement, the agency said that it was continuing to work towards reducing emissions and protecting the environment. "The EPA is committed to reducing carbon emissions and protecting the health of our planet and our communities," the agency said. "We will continue to take bold action to address the urgent threat of climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions from all sources."