article: (CNN) -- Passenger Jasper Schuringa told CNN that with the aid of the cabin crew, he helped subdue and isolate Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, who was charged Saturday with trying to destroy a plane. Schuringa of Amsterdam, Netherlands, said he was traveling to Florida to visit friends. The journey aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 had been mundane, he said. But as the plane neared its destination of Detroit, Michigan, he heard a pop that sounded like a firecracker going off, and someone started yelling: "Fire! Fire!" Then, there was smoke. "Around 30 seconds later the smoke started to fill up on the left side beneath this person," he said. That's when Schuringa said he knew something was wrong. "I basically reacted directly. I didn't think. When you hear a pop on the plane you're awake, trust me," Schuringa said. When he noticed that Abdulmutallab was not moving, he grew suspicious. "I was on the right side of the plane and the suspect was on the left side, there were quite some seats in between." He jumped over the passenger next to him and lunged over Abdulmutallab's seat, "Because I was thinking he's trying to blow up the plane, and I was trying to search his body for any explosives." Schuringa said he saw that Abdulmutallab was holding a burning object between his legs. "I pulled the object from him and tried to extinguish the fire with my hands and threw it away," Schuringa said. "Water! Water," he said he screamed. He heard fire extinguishers as he pulled Abdulmutallab out of his seat. "Just to be sure I grabbed him with another attendant and we took him to first class and there we stripped him and contained him with handcuffs and we made sure he had no more weapons, no more bombs on him." Schuringa said Abdulmutallab seemed dazed. "He was staring into nothing." Schuringa said the incident sparked panic aboard the flight. "The whole plane was screaming. The suspect, he didn't say a word." We were holding [him,] but we wasn't struggling." Schuringa said other passengers applauded as he walked back to his seat. "My hands are pretty burned. I am fine," he said. "I am shaken up. I am happy to be here." Schuringa said he wasn't the only hero. "A lot of people were trying to help later on," he said. "We had very brave flight attendants that also helped, so thank you for those people. They are also heroes." CNN was not able to independently confirm Schuringa's account.
highlights: NEW: "I was trying to search his body for any explosives," Dutch passenger says . NEW: "We had very brave flight attendants that also helped. They are also heroes," he says . Jasper Schuringa says he became suspicious when man didn't move amid panic . Heroic account not independently confirmed .
id: 40cae4c5eafbb138d9bcb93e170029454bb7c960
chatgpt: Passenger Jasper Schuringa has spoken out about his experience on board Northwest Airlines Flight 253, which was targeted by a suspected terrorist over Christmas. Schuringa, a Dutch citizen, was on the flight from Amsterdam to Detroit when he noticed a fellow passenger attempting to set off explosives. Speaking to NBC's Today show in the US, he said he became suspicious when the man, identified as 23-year-old Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab, did not move amid the panic that was unfolding on board. "He was fidgeting around and I saw that my neighbour was getting a little bit annoyed," Schuringa said. "So I went over there and asked him, 'What are you doing?'. Feeling uncomfortable, Schuringa then decided to act. "I was trying to search [the suspect's] body for any explosives," Schuringa said. According to reports, Schuringa then noticed a bulge in the suspect's pants and dived over him to subdue him. "I basically grabbed the suspect on top of him and dragged him to the front of the airplane," Schuringa said. The heroic account has not been independently confirmed, although photographs have emerged showing Schuringa with burns to his hands, which he believes were caused by the suspect's explosives. Schuringa has also praised the bravery of the flight attendants on board Flight 253, saying: "We had very brave flight attendants that also helped. They are also heroes." The incident, which took place on Christmas Day, has prompted increased security measures at airports around the world. Abdulmutallab has been charged with attempting to destroy a civilian aircraft and is currently being held in custody in the US. The incident on Flight 253 has also raised serious questions about the effectiveness of current security measures in airports. Some have called for the introduction of full-body scanners, while others have argued that greater intelligence and information sharing between agencies is needed to prevent such attacks in the future. Despite these concerns, Schuringa said he remained confident that air travel was safe. "I'm a frequent flyer and I will definitely fly again," he said. "I think this was just a one-off experience."