article: By . Associated Press . Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and his wife, Melinda, have donated $1 million to a Washington state campaign seeking to expand background checks on gun sales, bringing the total amount the campaign has brought in up to nearly $6 million. The donation to the Initiative 594 campaign was given on Friday but it was not made public until Monday, when it posted on the state's Public Disclosure Commission website. I-594 would require background checks for all gun sales and transfers in Washington state, including at gun shows and for private sales. Under the measure, exemptions would exist, including gifts within a family and antiques. Bill and Melinda Gates, pictured in July, have donated $1million to a Washington state campaign seeking to expand background checks on gun sales . In a joint written statement issued on Monday, the couple said that they believe I-594 'will be an effective and balanced approach to improving gun safety in our state by closing existing loopholes for background checks.' The large donation comes on the heels of fellow Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen's $500,000 donation earlier this month. Also last week, venture capitalist Nick Hanauer donated an additional $1 million, bring his total donation to the campaign to nearly $1.4 million. Other prominent figures who have made large donations to the campaign include former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and his wife, Connie, who have given $580,000. A rival campaign, Initiative 591, would prevent the state from adopting background-check laws that go beyond the national standard, which requires the checks for sales by licensed dealers but not for purchases from private sellers. That campaign has raised just over $1 million so far. Gates' fellow Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen (left) donated $500,000 to the campaign earlier this month. Also last week, venture capitalist Nick Hanauer (right) donated an additional $1 million, bring his total donation to the intiative to nearly $1.4 million . Following the generous donations, campaign manager Zach Silk said in a statement on Monday: 'For over a year, Washingtonians from every walk of life have been stepping up to close the loophole in our state’s background check law. 'Today’s contributions represent yet more support for this important policy measure that will reduce crime and save lives in our state. 'Nearly 350,000 people came together to put Initiative 594 on the ballot, and almost 7,500 supporters from nearly every county in the state have contributed to help ensure its passage in November. 'Their support, and that of prominent members of our community like Bill and Melinda Gates, Nick and Leslie Hanauer, Steve and Connie Ballmer, Paul Allen, and others, will make it possible for us to finally take action. We are grateful to everyone who is a part of this movement to reduce gun violence in Washington.' According to the FBI crime report in 2012, there were 106 firearm murders that year in Washington state - up 34 on the previous year.
highlights: The couple donated $1million to Initiative 594 campaign which would require background checks for all gun sales and transfers in Washington state . Under the measure, exemptions would exist, including gifts within a family and antiques . The couple said they believe to program 'will be an effective and balanced approach... by closing existing loopholes for background checks' Fellow Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen made a $500,000 donation while venture capitalist Nick Hanauer donated a total of close to $1.4 million .
id: 7fc159fb51fda343454012f0754b2d3dff6b6147
chatgpt: In a move seen as significant for the gun control movement, Bill and Melinda Gates have donated $1 million to Initiative 594. The initiative proposes to require background checks for all gun sales and transfers in Washington state. Under the measure, exemptions would exist, including gifts within a family and antiques. The couple said they believe the program "will be an effective and balanced approach...by closing existing loopholes for background checks." Bill and Melinda Gates are the latest high-profile donors to the cause. Fellow Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen made a $500,000 donation while venture capitalist Nick Hanauer donated a total of close to $1.4 million. Initiative 594 is one of two initiatives on the ballot in Washington state this year. The other, Initiative 591, would prevent the state from adopting background check laws that go beyond the federal standard, and has been backed by the National Rifle Association. The Gates’ donation has given a significant boost to supporters of Initiative 594, who have said it is essential for reducing gun violence. According to recent polls, support for Initiative 594 is at around 70%. In a statement, the Gates said, "Gun violence is a problem that affects everyone, and as Americans we need to come together to address this problem." Bill and Melinda Gates have been outspoken supporters of gun control measures in the past. In a 2013 op-ed for the New York Times, they called for "common-sense measures" to prevent gun violence. The donation from the Gates comes at a time when gun control advocates are becoming increasingly vocal in their calls for reform. After last year’s mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, gun control measures have been hotly debated across the US. But earlier this year, the Senate failed to pass a bill that would have expanded background checks on gun sales. The defeat was seen as a significant setback for gun control advocates. However, supporters of Initiative 594 remain hopeful that it will pass in Washington state. The initiative has been endorsed by a number of local law enforcement officials, as well as Governor Jay Inslee. Gun control groups have hailed the Gates' donation as a significant moment in the fight for gun reform. "This is the kind of support we need if we're ever going to make real progress on this issue," said Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. The donation from the Gates is also notable for its timing. In the run-up to the midterm elections, advocates of gun control have been ramping up their efforts to draw attention to the issue. But regardless of the outcome in Washington state, it seems likely that the debate on gun control will continue to rage on across the country. While some argue that background checks are essential to reducing gun violence, others oppose such measures arguing that they infringe upon Second Amendment rights.