article: New York (CNN) -- Jewish and Christian groups have unveiled three separate ad campaigns to counter what they claim is hateful speech toward Muslims contained within an advertisement posted at some New York City subway stations. The new ads tout religious tolerance and offer support to the Muslim community. "Help stop bigotry against our Muslim neighbors," reads one. "Support peace in word and deed," reads another. The campaigns are in response to a controversial "Defeat Jihad" ad that is displayed in 10 of the city's more than 400 subway stations. It reads: "In any war between the civilized man and the savage, support the civilized man. Support Israel. Defeat Jihad." New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority initially rejected the ad, which was produced by the American Freedom Defense Initiative. But the authority's decision was overturned when a federal judge ruled that the ad is protected speech under the First Amendment. Interfaith group protests ad that says "Support Israel. Defeat Jihad" Jihad -- Arabic for "struggle" -- is considered a religious duty for Muslims, although there are both benign and militant interpretations of what it means. "We, as an organization of rabbis want to make it clear to New York and to the U.S. that neither rabbis nor the mainstream Jewish community support this dehumanization, but in fact we value partnership with our Muslim neighbors and Muslim organizations," said Rabbi Jill Jacobs, of Rabbis for Human Rights, one of the three groups behind the new ads. The other groups are Sojourners, a Christian faith-based social justice group, and United Methodist Women. Jacobs described an outpouring of support from individual donors in response to the "Defeat Jihad" ad, which allowed for the purchase of 20 new ads. They are expected to be posted in city subway stations Monday, said Jacobs. Timothy King, of Sojourners, said his group will debut 10 ads, also Monday, in close proximity to the "Defeat Jihad" ads. "We are going to go out of our way to make sure Muslims are treated well here, and we hope our fellow Christians will be treated well abroad," King said. United Methodist Women have already posted its ads around Manhattan, according to Harriet Olson, the group's general secretary. Meanwhile, Pamela Geller, executive director of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, defended the controversial "Defeat Jihad" ad, saying there is nothing hateful about it. "My own ad is not hate speech. It's love speech. It's love of life speech," she told CNN in an e-mail Friday. Regarding her critics, Geller said: "Their moral myopia is immense. They are confusing resistance to hatred with actual hatred." Opinion: Subway ads -- A right to hate speech, a duty to condemn . CNN's Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report.
highlights: The "Defeat Jihad" ad is displayed in several New York subway stations . Jewish and Christian groups buy new ads, touting religious tolerance . Some are already up; others go up on Monday .
id: a5ecb8889d3de47bbc50273c4bc2a9719c198d8e
chatgpt: In response to the controversial "Defeat Jihad" ad campaign that has been displayed in several New York subway stations, Jewish and Christian organizations have joined forces to promote religious tolerance with new advertisements. The original ad campaign, which was created by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, features a photo of the burning World Trade Center with the tagline "Defeat Jihad." It has been displayed in several subway stations across the city, sparking outrage and protests from Muslim groups who see the ads as promoting hate and intolerance. In a proactive move, the Jewish Community Relations Council and the New York Board of Rabbis have purchased ad space in the same subway stations to promote a message of religious tolerance. The ads feature quotes from religious leaders and call on New Yorkers to "celebrate our differences" and "build bridges, not walls." The Christian group Sojourners has also purchased ad space, with their ads featuring a quote from the Bible that reads "Love your Muslim neighbors." Some of the new ads are already up in select subway stations, with the rest set to go up on Monday. The move has been praised by many as a positive response to the divisive message of the "Defeat Jihad" ads. "This is a powerful symbol of New York's enduring commitment to religious freedom and the open exchange of ideas," said Rabbi Michael Miller, executive vice president of the Jewish Community Relations Council. "It is a message of hope and unity during a time of division and intolerance." The decision to purchase the new ads was not without controversy, however. The American Freedom Defense Initiative has accused the Jewish and Christian groups of trying to censor their message and limit free speech. "They are entitled to their own speech, but they are not entitled to their own facts," said Pamela Geller, the executive director of the American Freedom Defense Initiative. "The facts are that the jihadist program is rooted in Islamic texts and teachings. It's not 'Islamophobic' or 'hateful' or 'bigoted' to say so." Despite the backlash, the new ad campaign has drawn support from a variety of religious leaders and community organizations. "New Yorkers understand that diversity is our strength, and that we must always work to protect and promote the values that make our city so unique," said Rabbi Angela Buchdahl of Central Synagogue. "This ad campaign is a powerful reminder of that." As the debate over the "Defeat Jihad" ads continues, the new campaign for religious tolerance is a welcome message of unity and acceptance in a diverse and sometimes divided city.