article: (CNN) -- The Mars Curiosity rover used its laser to "interrogate" a Martian rock Sunday in what NASA said was "target practice" for future experiments. It was the first time such a powerful laser has been used on another planet and comes two weeks after the mobile science lab touched down on Mars. A fist-sized rock dubbed "Coronation" -- or Martian rock N165 for scientists keeping count -- was zapped 30 times over 10 seconds with 14 millijoules of energy in each pulse, NASA said. "Each pulse delivers more than a million watts of power for about five one-billionths of a second," a NASA statement said. India plans to launch Mars orbiter . Curiosity's ChemCam, short for Chemistry and Camera, recorded the resulting glowing, ionized gas in an effort to identify chemical elements in the rock, which was about 10 feet away. Sylvestre Maurice, the ChemCam deputy project scientist watching at the Institut de Recherche en Astrophysique et Planetologie in Toulouse, France, called the quality of the information gathered "surprising." "It's so rich, we can expect great science from investigating what might be thousands of targets with ChemCam in the next two years," Maurice said. ChemCam "got a great spectrum" to analyze, said Roger Wiens of the Los Alamos National Laboratory. "Our team is both thrilled and working hard, looking at the results. After eight years building the instrument, it's payoff time!" Curiosity began a two-year mission on Mars on August 6 and has been beaming back images of the surface of Gale Crater ever since. It is loaded with 10 instruments "to assess whether a carefully chosen study area inside Gale Crater has ever offered environmental conditions favorable for microbial life," NASA said. More space coverage on CNN Light Years . NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said Friday that Curiosity's first driving destination will be Glenelg, about 1,300 feet from the rover's landing site. "We had a bunch of strong contenders. It is the kind of dilemma planetary scientists dream of, but you can only go one place for the first drilling for a rock sample on Mars," said project scientist John Grotzinger. "That first drilling will be a huge moment in the history of Mars exploration." The rover's primary target is Mount Sharp, a peak about 8 kilometers (5 miles) away. But moving about a football field a day, with lengthy stops, it could take nearly a year to reach the slopes at the base of the mountain. Complete coverage of the Mars rover .
highlights: It's the first time such a powerful laser has been used on another planet . Curiosity's laser blasts a fist-sized rock 30 times in 10 seconds . "We can expect great science from investigating what might be thousands of targets," scientist says . Curiosity began a two-year mission on Mars on August 6 .
id: b6a8726d9d13796a2e64e1a4523868e78534bf1f
chatgpt: NASA's Curiosity rover has accomplished a record-breaking feat during its mission on Mars. The rover's laser was used to blast a fist-sized rock 30 times in just 10 seconds. It was the first time such a powerful laser had been used on another planet. The Curiosity rover has been exploring Mars since it landed on the planet on August 6. It is on a two-year mission to investigate the planet's geology and search for signs of life. The laser test was conducted on a rock that scientists had named "Coronation". The powerful laser that was used for the test is part of the rover's ChemCam instrument. The instrument is capable of analyzing the chemical composition of rocks and soil from up to 23 feet away. The laser vaporizes a tiny amount of the rock's surface, creating a small plasma cloud. The ChemCam instrument then analyzes the plasma cloud to determine the chemical makeup of the rock. Scientists were excited about the test because it demonstrated the power of the ChemCam instrument. "We can expect great science from investigating what might be thousands of targets with this new capability," said Roger Wiens, the principal investigator of the ChemCam experiment. The test also demonstrated the precision of the laser. The 30 laser blasts were all aimed at the same spot on the rock. This level of accuracy is necessary for analyzing the chemical composition of rocks and soil on Mars. The ChemCam instrument has already been used to analyze the composition of several rocks near the Curiosity rover. The data obtained from these analyses is helping scientists learn about the geological history of Mars. They are also searching for signs of past or present life on the planet. The success of the laser test is a significant milestone for the Curiosity mission. It demonstrates the capabilities of the rover's instruments and provides valuable data for scientific research. With the ability to analyze thousands of rocks and soil samples, the Curiosity rover has the potential to uncover new information about the Red Planet. The Curiosity rover is part of NASA's Mars Exploration Program, which seeks to understand the geology, climate, and past habitability of Mars. The program is also preparing for human missions to Mars in the future. As the mission continues, scientists are eager to see what new discoveries the Curiosity rover will uncover. The success of the laser test is just one example of the exciting scientific research that is underway on Mars.