article: (CNN) -- Rachel Washburn once carried pompoms. Now she carries an M4 carbine. The military brat who became an NFL cheerleader is today a first lieutenant in the United States Army. On Sunday, she was honored as a Hometown Hero by the Philadelphia Eagles, the team she cheered for from 2007 to 2009. The Bronze Star recipient served two tours of duty in Afghanistan, including one as a member of the Army's new Cultural Support Program. It was a dangerous and stressful job, where she would go on missions with special operations forces and help search and talk to Afghan women and children. "We could be their voice during missions for engagement to ensure security on objectives, and we could help search and secure the females and the children during missions," she told the Philadelphia Eagles website. Spoken like a true soldier -- which is not surprising given her father, Lon, served many years in the Army and Air Force as a pilot. Rachel Washburn, 25, said she learned during her Army training to think of a happy place when confronted by stress. For that, she liked to think of her first game as an Eagles cheerleader. It was a beautiful August day and she was lined up for the pregame dance. It is one of her best memories, she said. She also recalled fondly her trips to hospitals in Philadelphia and a USO trip to Iraq. Cheerleading is more than just dancing on the sideline and looking pretty, she said. "We're all beautiful women who are there to be entertaining at games, but also, we are incredibly involved in the community, which is something that I am incredibly proud of," she told the Eagles. Washburn is not a Philly native. She said she is "from a little bit of everywhere" after having moved at least a dozen times while growing up. But she loved Philadelphia from her visits there and applied for an Army ROTC scholarship at Drexel University. She also joined the dance team. Her next steps took her to tryouts for the Eagles cheerleading squad. She made the team on her first try. After she graduated, Washburn joined the Army and went to Afghanistan, where near the end of her first tour she helped deliver a baby during a snowstorm while communicating with medical personnel by radio. She told USA Today that during her second tour she was a platoon leader of an intelligence unit. She is considering re-enlisting next year, she told the paper. Her father nominated her for the Eagles honor. "I watched her go through two tours in Afghanistan and all of the things that she sacrificed," he said. "It was not a very easy couple of tours and I just really kind of thought, 'Man, what a homecoming that would be if (the Eagles) recognized her for that.'" She returned from Afghanistan in November and is stationed at Fort Stewart in Georgia.
highlights: Rachel Washburn grew up with a military father and moved many times . She went to college in Philadelphia on an ROTC scholarship . She cheered for the Eagles for three seasons . A Bronze Star recipient, she served two tours in Afghanistan .
id: 836485e868aaddffcc9168371bf405a48f09f519
chatgpt: Rachel Washburn's dedication to serving her country began at a young age, as she grew up moving frequently with her military father. Her commitment to service continued into her college years when she received an ROTC scholarship and attended college in Philadelphia. During her time in college, Washburn found another passion when she cheered for the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles for three seasons. After college, Washburn put her ROTC training to use and joined the military. Her service brought her to the front lines of combat, where she served two tours in Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. Her bravery and service did not go unnoticed, as Washburn was awarded a Bronze Star for her actions on the battlefield. Washburn's time in the military was not easy, but it was a challenge she was prepared to face. She credits her grit and perseverance to her upbringing as a military child, where she learned to adapt to any situation and face challenges head-on. Washburn's dedication to her country and desire to make a difference drove her actions, and she refused to let anything stand in her way. During her time in the military, Washburn faced many obstacles, including injury and harassment. However, she persevered through it all, determined to complete her mission and serve her country to the best of her ability. Her unwavering dedication and bravery inspired her fellow soldiers, and her leadership was lauded by her superiors. Washburn's service in the military may have come to an end, but her legacy lives on. Her selflessness and dedication to shining a light on the role of women in the military earned her a spot on the 2013 TIME 100 list of the world's most influential people. Washburn continues to inspire others to serve their country and make a difference in the lives of others. As Washburn looks back on her career in the military, she is proud of what she accomplished and looks forward to continuing to make a difference in the world. Her story serves as a reminder of the bravery and dedication of those who serve our country and an inspiration to all who seek to make a difference in the world.