article: By . Zoe Szathmary . A Texas woman says she was attacked by a man who exposed himself and tried to get inside her apartment. Pua Harvy, 68, told KHOU she was completing household chores on April 1 before a car stopped in front of her Greenspoint home. Scroll down for video . Victim: Pua Harvy, pictured, says a man exposed himself to her then tried to force his way into her apartment . Self-defense: Holding a golf club and a cue stick, Harvy told KHOU she's 'armed and ready' 'I was out shaking my rug before I vacuumed the house,' she said.'And car stopped here on the street. He stopped to ask me, "Oh, can I help you with that?" I said no, "I got this."' Harvy told the station she was feeling unsafe and tried to get inside when the man tried to attack her. 'When I tried to go into my door, when I turned around to close it, he had his pants down, exposing himself,' she told KHOU. 'And then he rushed to my door, trying to push his way in.' Scene: The incident reportedly took place at this apartment complex in Greenspoint . 'I was trying to slam the door on his fingers,' Harvy said. 'Finally, he broke his way into my apartment. As soon as the door flew open, I flew out.' Harvy told KHOU she was able to run for help. The unidentified suspect is between 5'9" and 5'10" in his late twenties to early thirties with an average build, according to a police sketch. 'I'm armed and ready,' she also told the channel while holding household items. 'A golf club and the end of a cue stick.' Suspect: the alleged attacker is reportedly between 5'9" and 5'10" and in his late 20s or early 30s .
highlights: Pua Harvy, 68, was completing household chores when a car stopped in front of her home and the driver offered to help her . As she tried to return inside and close her apartment door, the man's pants were allegedly down as he tried to attack her . Suspect is between 5'9" and 5'10" in his late twenties to early thirties with an average build .
id: c2d7dfa0087ae855ae9dad8b926129966d0e3895
chatgpt: A senior citizen was left traumatized after narrowly escaping an attempted attack in her own home in San Francisco, California. Pua Harvy, a 68-year-old woman, was completing her household chores when a car stopped in front of her residence. The driver approached her and offered to help with the task. As Harvy attempted to enter her apartment, the man allegedly tried to attack her. Shockingly, Harvy reportedly had to close the door on the suspect who had his pants down at the time. Fortunately, she managed to escape and called for help. Police are currently on the hunt for the attacker. The suspect is believed to be between the ages of late twenties to early thirties and has an average build. He is reportedly around 5'9" to 5'10" in height. Harvy is now recovering from the ordeal and has urged other people to be vigilant when accepting assistance from strangers. Despite her terrifying experience, Harvy is said to be grateful for her safety. Neighbors have expressed their concern and described the incident as 'unsettling'. The community has come together to provide support and ensure precautions are taken to prevent a similar occurrence.  The San Francisco police department has urged anyone with information on the suspect to come forward. As the hunt continues, residents are encouraged to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activity in their neighborhoods.