article: Police are investigating after a woman's hair was set on fire in an alleged racist attack during a late-night trip to McDonalds. The diner had been waiting for friends in the  fast food restaurant in Canterbury, Kent, during the early hours of Friday morning when the 'horrific' incident took place. Witnesses described a man setting the victim's hair alight while his friend recorded the incident on their phone. Police are investigating an alleged racist assault after a woman's hair was set on fire at McDonalds in Canterbury, Kent (pictured) A friend of the victim claimed the attack was racially motivated, posting on a Kent University Facebook page: 'To the disgusting person in McDonalds tonight who set my friends hair on fire simply because she is not white. 'You are disgusting and a disgrace to the human race, she did absolutely nothing to you as she was simply waiting around for myself and others who were waiting for food. 'The fact you targeted her is disgusting, and that you left like a wimp without owning up to your criminal act makes you even more despicable. 'We have reported you to the police and we appeal to any one who was there this evening to come forth with their reports/evidence. 'I cannot believe that in this day and age there are still people who are as racially discriminative and backwards thinking as you.' A McDonald's spokesperson said: 'We are aware of the incident and are cooperating with the Police in their inquiries'. Kent Police have confirmed they are investigating the shocking assault which took place in the early hours on Friday morning . Witnesses at the restaurant were shocked by the 'disgusting' assault. Alicia  Carter wrote on Facebook: 'Poor girl. I was working and tried to get her Facebook to keep her updated as to what McDonald's were doing with it. Such a f****** vile human being. Promise I'll do all I can to find the culprit and get justice however she wishes it to be!' Thomas Howell added: 'I saw this happen but didn't see the guy, I hope this absolute **** gets caught and charged.' Andrew Harris wrote: 'Being there at the time it happened it was horrific. I do hope the person who did it is put forward, as well as his scum bag friend who recorded it on their phone...' A Kent Police spokesman said: 'Police are investigating a suspected assault at a McDonald's restaurant in St George's Street branch of McDonald's in Canterbury, in which it was reported that a woman's hair was set on fire.' Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting crime reference ZY/5093/15.
highlights: Woman was waiting for friends in McDonalds when she was assaulted . Witnesses describe a man setting fire to her hair in alleged racist attack . Attacker's friend is believed to have recorded the incident on their phone .
id: d3652c54009734c1774de587105c6ecd006ffab6
chatgpt: A woman was viciously attacked while waiting for her friends at a McDonald's branch in the heart of the city. The incident, which had shades of racism, has left the woman traumatized and scarred for life. Witnesses described the assailant as a man who set fire to the woman's hair in what they believe was a racially motivated attack. The victim, who wishes to remain anonymous, said that she was sitting in the restaurant when she suddenly felt a sharp burning sensation on her head. She looked up to see a man standing in front of her with a lighter in his hand. The woman tried to get up, but the man allegedly pushed her back into the chair and set her hair ablaze. The eyewitnesses said that they heard the woman screaming and saw her trying to put out the flames with her hands. They rushed to her aid and put out the fire before calling the ambulance. The woman was rushed to the hospital with burns on her head, face, and hands. People at the scene described the attack as being racially motivated. The attacker reportedly shouted racial slurs at the victim before setting her hair on fire. Witnesses said they overheard the man telling his friend to record the attack on his phone. It is believed that the video could provide crucial evidence to the police in their investigation. The police have launched an investigation into the incident, and the attacker is still at large. They are examining the CCTV footage of the restaurant and trying to identify the assailant. The victim's family has also appealed to the public to come forward with any information they may have. The incident has sparked widespread outrage, with people expressing their shock and disgust at the brutal attack. Many have called for stricter laws to be implemented to curb racial discrimination and hate crimes. The woman's family is devastated by the incident and is struggling to come to terms with what happened. They have appealed to the public to help them find justice for their daughter. The McDonald's branch where the incident took place has released a statement condemning the attack and offering their support to the victim. They also assured their customers that they are working with the police to ensure that such incidents do not occur again in their establishment. The incident has once again highlighted the need for greater awareness and action on hate crimes. The victim's family hopes that the incident will serve as a wake-up call for society to confront and address the issue of racism and discrimination. The perpetrator must be brought to justice, and the victim provided with the support she needs to recover and move on from this traumatic experience.