article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- The leaders of China and Japan on Monday held their first face-to-face talks since they took office, amid smoldering tensions between the two Asian powers. Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, the two governments said. The two shook hands in front of the cameras with subdued expressions on their faces. The United States has had to navigate the fraught relationship in recent years between Japan, a key ally, and China, whose regional and global clout is on the rise. Washington has attempted the balancing act of standing by its commitments to Tokyo without antagonizing Beijing. The last formal meeting at this level between China and Japan took place nearly three years ago, in December 2011, according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo. Since then, relations have dramatically soured, mainly because of the escalation of a bitter territorial dispute over a group of tiny, uninhabited islands in the East China Sea. China's sudden declaration last year of an Air Defense Identification Zone over a large swath of the East China Sea added to tensions, drawing strong criticism from both Japan and the United States. Diplomatic ties became so bad that the two sides resorted to invoking Voldemort, the fictional villain in the Harry Potter books, in their verbal barbs about each other. New visa policy elevates U.S.-China relations . Meeting is 'the first step' But now, the emphasis appears to be on trying to mend fences between Asia's two largest economies. "This is the first step towards the improvement of the bilateral relationship, based on the principle of the strategic mutually-beneficial relationship," Abe said after the meeting. For his part, Xi called on Japan to "do more things that help enhance the mutual trust between Japan and its neighboring countries, and play a constructive role in safeguarding the region's peace and stability," China's state-run news agency Xinhua reported. Ahead of the meeting, the two countries issued almost identical statements Friday, saying essentially that they agreed to disagree. "Both sides recognized the existence of disagreements on recent tensions over East China Sea waters" around the disputed islands, known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China, the statements said. They said they had agreed "to prevent the deterioration of the situation through dialogue and consultation, as well as to build the crisis management and control mechanisms to avoid the occurrence of unexpected events." International leaders, including U.S. President Barack Obama, are gathered in Beijing for an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting. CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report.
highlights: Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Relations have been severely strained between the two countries in recent years . At the heart of the tensions is a bitter territorial dispute . But now both sides appear to be attempting to mend fences .
id: 29a430cfeab4000553efb5f8839217b9ca2c4c46
chatgpt: In a significant breakthrough in their frosty relations, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe shook hands at a recent event in Beijing. The two leaders have been at odds over a territorial dispute for years, which had severely strained ties between the countries. However, the latest gestures suggest that the two powers are attempting to work towards a better future. The territorial dispute between China and Japan is based on their competing claims over a group of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea, known as the Senkaku Islands in Japan and the Diaoyu Islands in China. The dispute over these islands has long been a thorn in the side of China-Japan relations, and at times it has resulted in escalated tensions that threaten to boil over. The disagreement began in 2012 when a Japanese government led by Shinzo Abe bought some of the islands from private owners. This move was vehemently opposed by Beijing, which staked its claim to the territory and saw Japan's purchase as a provocative act. After this, diplomatic and economic relations between the two countries practically froze. However, things seem to have changed in recent times. Leaders on both sides have made efforts towards restoring diplomatic and economic relations. This meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been viewed as one such positive gesture. The meeting between the two leaders lasted around half an hour and was held on the sidelines of a regional leaders' summit in Beijing. It was their first formal meeting since Abe took office in 2012. Their formal shake hands and conversation appears to be a sign that the two leaders are willing to engage in dialogue and work towards improving bilateral ties. The Chinese president expressed his wish to improve ties with Japan, expressing the hope that the two countries would repair their relations and pursue a better future. President Xi Jinping also expressed his hope for Japan to take concrete measures to address historical issues and prevent their recurrence. Prime Minister Abe reciprocated the Chinese leader's sentiment, stating that his visit to China marked the start of a new era in Japan-China relations. Abe also stated that he wished to put a stop to feud between the two countries and improve diplomatic relations. Despite the positive signs, there is much to be done before relations between China and Japan can be considered fully restored. The two countries are still at odds over the territory of the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands, and there are other issues - including historical and economic grievances. However, the meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe represents a positive first step in the process of building better relations.
 
In conclusion, this handshake between the Chinese president and Japanese prime minister symbolizes a mutual desire for improved diplomacy between the two nations. It is expected that this meeting will pave the way for future talks and agreements to resolve long-standing issues between the two countries.