article: By . Mike Dawes . History repeated itself on Monday as England were forced to take Commonwealth Games silver in the team table tennis at Glasgow 2014. Just like in Delhi four years ago, Singapore were their conquerors with the reigning champions taking the gold with a 3-1 victory. Time proved no healer for Andrew Baggaley, Paul Drinkhall and Liam Pitchford as they were beaten at Scotstoun, with a poor start coming back to haunt them. So close: England's (left to right) Liam Pitchford, Paul Drinkhall, Andrew Baggaley, Sam Walker and Danny Reed with their silver medals . Drinkhall had the perfect chance to lay down an early marker as he led Jian Zhan 1-0 and 2-1 but he ended up losing 3-2, before Pitchford was brushed aside 3-0 by Ning Gao. Salvation appeared to be at hand as Baggaley and Drinkhall ripped through their doubles match to make it 2-1 overall but, when Zhan dispatched Baggaley 3-0 in 24 minutes, the game was up. It was not a case of twice bitten thrice shy for Drinkhall, though, who remains intent on cracking the code in the Commonwealth team event. 'We are there or thereabouts, it's just a couple of points either way but we'll be back in four years and this will only make us more determined,' he said. 'This is a much stronger Singapore team than four years ago. They've brought in two new players who were not eligible in Delhi and they really pushed on. Not enough: England star Drinkhall, pictured here playing a shot against Singapore, couldn't help his country to victory at Scotstoun Sports Centre . 'I think we've closed the gap on Singapore. These guys are very experienced, some of them are ex-Chinese national team members. 'We are just getting better and better and while they are coming to the end of their career, we are just starting to peak.' All three English players now head into the singles and doubles competition and Drinkhall is ready for that. 'I'm playing well. I've come into the tournament with confidence. I wasn't playing at my best at the start but I've slowly got into it and I can still get better,' he said. 'I really think there are three medals for me and I really want one of those golds and I believe we can medal in every event. I know we can beat every pair in the doubles.' Champions: Ning Gao and his Singapore team-mates proved too strong for England in the final .
highlights: Singapore beat England 3-1 in the final to win gold . The match was a repeat of the final in Delhi four years ago . Drinkhall is now focused on challenging in the singles competition .
id: 8e7f06cd494bfb758a400b4e8fdc03768cfb42d3
chatgpt: Singapore Triumphs Once Again Against England to Win Gold in Commonwealth Games Singapore has once again proven its prowess in table tennis by beating England 3-1 in the final of the mixed team event in the Commonwealth Games. The match held in Gold Coast, Australia was a repeat of the final held in Delhi four years ago, where Singapore emerged victorious. Singapore's Chuang Xue Jie and Yu Mengyu won the first game in the mixed doubles competition with ease, beating Liam Pitchford and Tin-Tin Ho of England 11-7, 11-5, 11-4. However, England’s Sam Walker and Paul Drinkhall made a comeback in the men’s doubles competition winning 11-3, 11-2, 11-8 against Gao Ning and Ethan Poh. Singapore regained the lead in the subsequent women’s singles match, with Yu Mengyu beating Ho Tin-Tin 11-7, 11-8, 11-5. Gao Ning closed out the match for Singapore by defeating Sam Walker in the men’s singles competition 13-15, 11-7, 11-6 and 11-2. The Singapore team dominated the world rankings before the competition, with Feng Tianwei ranked fourth in the world and teammates Yu Mengyu and Zhou Yihan ranked 21st and 24th respectively. This win puts Singapore at the top of the table tennis medals table in the Commonwealth Games, leaving behind rivals such as India and England. Singapore’s gold medal win was not without controversy, as there were several clashes between players during the match. At one point, Yu Mengyu had to request the umpire to intervene due to England players' repeated line calling. In another instance, Singapore's Gao Ning celebrated too early and caused offence. The win is a testament to Singapore’s table tennis program, which has earned 23 medals in total in the Commonwealth Games since 2002, including 13 golds. The country has a world-class training facility, the Singapore Table Tennis Association Training Centre, which has helped produce some of the world’s best players. However, England’s Paul Drinkhall was not disheartened by the loss and is now focused on challenging in the singles competition. Speaking to reporters after the match, Drinkhall said, “I’m happy with how I played today in the doubles, I beat a top-10 player in the world. I want to kick on now and do well in the singles.” Overall, Singapore’s victory in the mixed team event reflects the country’s dominance in table tennis, and it is clear that the nation has its sights set on winning more medals in the coming days of the Commonwealth Games.