article: Jose Mourinho has criticised the tactical ineffectiveness of Roy Hodgson and Vicente Del Bosque at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Hodgson's England and Del Bosque's Spain both crashed out in the group stages, and Mourinho admitted that he could not understand the manager's decisions when losing matches. Speaking to Alastair Campbell for his new book 'Winners: And How They Succeed', the Chelsea boss said of England: . Roy Hodgson looks on, hands on hips, as England struggle at the Brazil World Cup in June 2014 . Luis Suarez scored twice for Uruguay to resign England to defeat in Sao Paolo in their second Group D match . Suarez spreads his arms in celebration - and Mourinho admits he would have treated the game differently . 'They are losing [to Uruguay in their second group match] and, if they lose, they are out of the tournament, so they have to score. They made two changes at 1-0 down. But when Roy Hodgson made these changes — [Raheem] Sterling out, [Ross] Barkley in, then [Adam] Lallana in for [Danny] Welbeck — I couldn't see a strategic change. Same tactical model, same system.' 'You are losing 1-0, you need to get a draw at least, so I say take one defender off and play three at the back, put an extra man to midfield/attack. 'So maybe take off [Leighton] Baines and play [Gary] Cahill sweeper, [Glen] Johnson and [Phil] Jagielka marking one each, an extra man to midfield or attack. Then Uruguay have to adapt.' The Chelsea boss (centre) has criticised the way Hodgson didn't change his tactics against Uruguay . Some England fans felt the same as Mourinho - that Hodgson hadn't done enough tactically . Mourinho also stuck the boot in to Vicente Del Bosque - the Spain manager who also saw his side crash out . Mourinho's in-depth analysis of England will haunt fans who wanted him in charge in 2007, when he came close to accepting the role before his wife told him to turn it down 'because he'd be bored'. The now-Chelsea manager, who has guided his team to top of the Premier League, then turned his attentions away from analysing England, instead focusing on Spain, whose  World Cup exploits were equally as bad as the Three Lions - if not worse. 'They [Spain] are losing — so Diego Costa out, Fernando Torres in. Why? Play them together. You need to change. They will say, "Ah, but Spain has its own system, its own philosophy" — hell, if it is not working, you change.'
highlights: England and Spain both crashed out at the group stages of the World Cup . Jose Mourinho has criticised the tactics of both country's managers . The Chelsea boss says England needed to beat Uruguay, but Hodgson did not change the system or the tactical model to enable victory . Mourinho says he would have changed his tactics to three at the back . READ: BT Sport furious with Mourinho after Goals on Sunday appearance .
id: e5c4ea87ada9d71168406ccf364aedc124128ab2
chatgpt: England and Spain have both failed to qualify for the knockout stages of the World Cup in Russia. The early exit of two European heavyweights has left pundits and fans alike scratching their heads, wondering how such experienced teams could fall at the first hurdle. One man who has not held back in his criticisms is Jose Mourinho, a highly successful football manager and pundit who is known for his no-nonsense approach. Speaking on 'Goals on Sunday', a popular football programme, Mourinho lambasted the tactics used by both England and Spain. Specifically, Mourinho criticised the failure of England manager Roy Hodgson to switch to a more attacking formation against Uruguay in their must-win game. "England needed to beat Uruguay, but Hodgson did not change the system or the tactical model to enable victory," Mourinho said. The Chelsea boss went on to say that he would have changed his tactics to three at the back, in order to give England a better chance of scoring the goals they needed to progress. This was not the only criticism Mourinho had for England, however. He also questioned Hodgson's decision to leave some of his most important players on the bench during the crucial game against Uruguay. "If you keep your best players on the bench when you need to win, if you don't take chances, then you don't deserve to win," Mourinho said. Spain, meanwhile, suffered a similarly disappointing World Cup campaign, losing to both the Netherlands and Chile and finishing bottom of their group. Mourinho was critical of Spain's coach Vicente del Bosque for sticking with an ageing squad that lacked the pace and dynamism needed to compete at the highest level. "Spain are a team that have been together for a long time, but they haven't changed. They need fresh blood and new ideas," Mourinho said. These blunt assessments have not gone down well with everyone, however. According to reports, BT Sport - the channel on which 'Goals on Sunday' is broadcast - were furious with Mourinho for his comments, believing that he had gone too far in his criticisms of England and Spain. They are said to be considering taking action against the outspoken pundit. Despite the controversy, Mourinho's comments have struck a chord with many football fans, who believe that he has hit the nail on the head with his analysis of England and Spain's failings. Whether this will lead to changes within the respective teams remains to be seen, but it is clear that Mourinho has not been afraid to speak his mind on this issue.