article: Authorities say a Pennsylvania man provided bad information to police about the suspect accused of killing a state trooper. Michael Abuiso was charged Friday in Monroe County with making false reports and related counts. According to a complaint, Abuiso lied to police by saying suspect Eric Frein asked him in August for a forged identity in order to enter Canada. But the entire account was made up, Abuiso later admitted, and he had never even met Frein and may have been trying to buy leverage on previous charges he faced, according to authorities. Michael Abuiso allegedly lied to police by saying suspect Eric Frein asked him in August for a forged identity in order to enter Canada . Frein has been on the run from authorities since a trooper was fatally ambushed Sept. 12 outside his Pocono Mountains barracks. Another officer was injured. Authorities say Abuiso first lied to Barrett Township police, then repeated the claim to troopers Sept. 18 before acknowledging it wasn't true. A message left for the 48-year-old Canadensis resident wasn't immediately returned. It's not clear if he has a lawyer. Police are still searching for him more than a month after he shot dead a trooper and seriously injured another. The post office is near Pocono Mountain East High School, Frein's old school. A woman out for a walk on Friday night spotted a rifle-toting man with a mud-covered face at the school. Wanted: Eric Frein might have been spotted on Monday, just days after he was seen near his old school Friday. Police released these images showing what Frein could look like after weeks of eluding authorities . On Tuesday morning, police swarmed around a clothing bin, which is used to collect clothing donations, in Swiftwater before moving on. The Pocono Mountain School District also decided to cancel classes for Tuesday - even though officials said on Monday they would remain open. State Police Trooper Tom Kelly explained classes were called off 'as a result of the police activity in the area of the school'. Authorities had been searching for him in the woods around his parents' home in Canadensis but shifted their primary search area five or six miles to the southwest after Friday night's sighting. Lt. Col. George Bivens said over the weekend that police have put a 'tremendous amount of pressure on him' and likely forced him to move.
highlights: Michael Abuiso was charged Friday in Monroe County with making false reports and related counts . Abuiso lied to police by saying suspect Eric Frein asked him in August for a forged identity in order to enter Canada . Abuiso first lied to Barrett Township police, then repeated the claim to troopers Sept. 18 before acknowledging it wasn't true .
id: 8daf425f958e6a6868463b41d57269d7856cf7a5
chatgpt: In a recent development, Michael Abuiso has been charged with making false reports and related counts by Monroe County. The charges laid against him were a result of his lies to the police. Abuiso stated that suspect Eric Frein had asked him for a forged identity in August  which he required to get into Canada. Abuiso initially made this false claim to the Barrett Township police department. He later repeated the same story to the troopers on September 18. However, Abuiso later acknowledged  to the police that it was not true. Abuiso's actions have raised several questions with regard to his motive. False reporting can create confusion and unnecessary panic in a community. It also wastes the resources of law enforcement agencies who have to investigate such claims. This is not the first time that people have been apprehended for giving false information to the police, and it is a serious offense. Such people are charged with obstructing justice, a charge that attracts severe penalties in court. False reporting is also detrimental to the accused, as it results in law enforcement agencies focusing their efforts on a wild goose chase instead of catching the real perpetrators. In this case, it may have made it difficult for the authorities to catch Eric Frein. The authorities take false claims very seriously, and making such claims to the police can result in a multitude of legal consequences. Anyone who possesses information should ensure its veracity before they provide it to the police. The Monroe County district attorney has issued a statement saying that they will take strict action against anyone who makes false reports to the police. The statement also urged citizens not to make false claims that could potentially hinder the efforts of the police department in meeting its objective of maintaining law and order. Abuiso is now due to appear in court to answer for his actions. It remains to be seen what the outcome of his case will be, but it is a warning to anyone who chooses to put the community at risk by making frivolous or false reports.