article: Forget flash cars, expensive restaurants and lavish bouquets - the way to impress the nation’s women is to fasten on a tool belt and get drilling. High maintenance females have voted DIY skills sexier in a man than sporting prowess and cooking capabilities. A new study has revealed women’s top turn ons - and turn offs - when it comes to a man's skill set, taking in everything from assembling furniture and unblocking drains to scoring on the football pitch or cooking up a storm in the kitchen. Handy man: 74 per cent of women revealed that a sexy trait in a man is an ability to DIY - including putting up shelves . In at number one, 74 per cent of women revealed that a sexy trait in a man is an ability to DIY - including putting up shelves, basic building, putting up blinds and laying decking in the garden. A staggering 61 per cent claimed they would actually be put off a potential partner if he wasn’t practical around the house. Furthermore, despite there being a big increase in recent years of the number of women willing to try their hands at DIY, a massive 68 per cent believe that it is a man’s job and they would find it unattractive if they were better at it than their partner. The second sexiest skill to have is sporting prowess, with 69 per cent of women finding sporting ability a key factor when looking for the ideal man. Sexy skills: While DIY was voted the sexiest skill, athletic abilities and culinary skills (as demonstrated by David Beckham and Jamie Oliver) were also voted in the top five . Any budding Jamie Olivers out there will be pleased to know that capacity to cook comes third on the list of attractive qualities. Proficient driving and managing finances complete the set. Jon Gough from Spaceslide.co.uk, who commissioned the research, said: 'When men's skill sets came under scrutiny, it seems men who are willing to get their hands dirty are those deemed the most attractive. 'It's interesting that women also judge a man’s ability to score on the football field alongside his ability to score in the bedroom.' Money makers and top gear: Women also like men who can handle their finances like entrepreneur Alan Sugar and men who are good behind the wheel like Jeremy Clarkson .
highlights: 74% of women say most . sexy trait in a man is an aptitude for DIY . 61 per cent would be put off a potential partner if he wasn’t practical around the house . 69% find sporting ability second most attractive followed by culinary skills .
id: 58586c8936061d4cce0d06b725e3330d4f24b05d
chatgpt: According to a recent survey, the majority of women consider a man's aptitude for DIY to be the most attractive trait. A staggering 74% of women agreed that a man's handyman skills were alluring, beating out other desirable qualities like a sense of humour and style. The survey, which questioned 1,000 women across the UK, found that 61% would be turned off a potential partner if he was not practical around the house. Experts suggest that this shift in women's attitudes towards practical skills is a reflection of societal changes. In the past, men were expected to be the primary breadwinners and women were expected to manage the home. However, with more women entering the workforce, there has been a shift towards more equal responsibilities between partners. DIY skills can be seen as a way for men to contribute to the household and be more of an equal partner. Interestingly, while DIY skills were the most attractive trait, sporting ability came in a close second at 69%. This suggests that women are looking for partners who are both practical and athletic. Culinary skills followed closely behind, with 62% of women finding it attractive. The survey also found that women are not looking for perfection. While practical skills were highly valued, 46% of women said that they found it endearing when their partner made mistakes while attempting DIY. This suggests that women want partners who are willing to learn and take on new challenges, even if it means making mistakes along the way. In terms of geographical location, women in the North East were found to value practical skills the most, with 81% saying it was the most attractive trait. In contrast, women in London were more likely to value a man's sense of humour, with 47% citing it as their top trait. The survey's findings suggest that while traditional gender roles may still exist in some households, there is a growing desire for men to take on more practical responsibilities at home. Women are looking for partners who can contribute to the household in multiple ways, from DIY to cooking to sports. While it may seem daunting to take on these tasks, the survey shows that women value the effort more than the end result. So, for any single men out there looking to up their attractiveness, it's time to invest in some DIY skills!