article: Bus drivers in Seattle were forced to wear diapers or carry a jar with them on their route because access to toilets was so bad, a report has claimed. Drivers' restrooms were not open all hour buses run and some routes did not have toilets within walking distance of bus stops, forcing drivers to wet themselves or urinate in a bottle. King County Metro Transit had to replace 60 urine-soaked driver's seats in a year and have been fined for not providing facilities for their workers. Bus drivers in Seattle were forced to wear diapers or carry a jar with them on their route because access to toilets was so bad (file picture) At times, drivers who went to search for toilets were subsequently punished for running late, according to a report from the Department of Labor and Industries. King County Metro Transit also failed to ensure Othello Station, Rainier Valley, had running water, paper towels and soap for six years, the Seattle Times reported. Drivers may have put passengers at risk by holding it in and losing their composure at the wheel because of the lack of bathroom facilities and could have also damaged their kidneys. Speaking to transport magazine Crosscut, Metro operator Hal Poor said: 'We’ve had drivers wear Depends diapers [a brand of adult diaper]. We’ve had operators carry a jar for urination. 'We’ve got pregnant women who are still driving. You know what kind of pressure that puts on your bladder. We have gentlemen 60 or older. They can’t hold it anymore.' Drivers get a five-minute break between runs and are supposed to have 15-minute break every five hours - but Mr Poor in reality breaks of this length are few and far between. Drivers' restrooms were not open all hour buses run and some routes did not have toilets within walking distance of bus stops, forcing drivers to wet themselves or urinate in a bottle (file picture) 'How guaranteed is the 15-minute break if you want to stay on schedule and you’re 12 minutes late?' he asked. 'It’s on paper, but if you get caught in traffic, it doesn’t mean you’re getting it.' King County Metro Transit was ordered to pay a $3,500 fine by December 22 and come up with a plan to tackle the problem. Kevin Desmond, Metro’s general manager, said the fine was a wake-up call. He said: 'I would not characterize this as a program failure or a management failure. We learn as people help us see issues we’re challenged with.'
highlights: Bus drivers forced to wear diapers and urinate in jars on their routes . Restrooms not open all hours buses run and some routes have no toilets . Drivers searched for other restrooms but were punished for being late . King County Metro Transit had to replace 60 urine-soaked driver's seats . Company was fined $3,500 and have to find a solution for the problem .
id: 3309e99296ac53b1e22a623179d3e76098ec6d67
chatgpt: Bus drivers in King County have been forced to wear diapers and urinate in jars while on their routes due to a lack of accessible restrooms. According to reports, restrooms are not open at all hours of the day and some routes have no toilets available for drivers. To make matters worse, drivers who search for alternative restrooms have been punished for being late. As a result of this issue, King County Metro Transit has been forced to replace 60 urine-soaked driver's seats, costing the company a significant amount of money. To address the problem, the company has been fined $3,500 and has been mandated to find a long-term solution for drivers who are struggling with the lack of restrooms. The situation has taken a severe toll on the mental and physical health of bus drivers who are working in these unbearable conditions. "It's not just uncomfortable, it's inhumane," said one driver who has been forced to wear a diaper while working. Many drivers are now afraid to drink water during their shifts as they are unable to relieve themselves for fear of punishment. King County Metro Transit has released a statement acknowledging the issue and promising to find a solution that is both safe and dignified for their drivers. “We are committed to ensuring that our drivers are able to perform their duties without experiencing unnecessary hardship,” the statement reads. The company has stated that they are now exploring several options to address the lack of restrooms for drivers, including installing more facilities at bus stops along the routes, and re-routing certain routes to pass by restrooms that are open 24/7. King County Metro Transit shows a genuine concern towards their workers and is ready to implement any solution that will provide relief for their drivers. The situation has garnered the attention of the public and various groups advocating for drivers' rights, who are calling for better working conditions for these essential workers. They are urging the company to take immediate action to address this issue and protect the safety and well-being of their drivers. In conclusion, the lack of restrooms available to drivers has become a serious issue for those working in the King County region. The situation is of great concern and safety to the drivers themselves, as well as the passengers who depend on them to safely operate the vehicles they ride in. With the actions taken by King County Metro Transit, hopefully, a solution will be found soon to the problem that has insulted the dignity of many bus drivers.