article: By . Ian Parkes, Press Association . Red Bull team principal Christian Horner launched an astonishing tirade against the Formula One media on Friday as he attempted to defend Azerbaijan's forthcoming inclusion on the calendar. Horner, along with his counterparts in Ferrari's Marco Mattiacci, McLaren's Eric Boullier, Vijay Mallya from Force India, Sauber's Monish Kaltenborn and Claire Williams from Williams, faced several tricky questions during the FIA team principals' press conference. When the focus switched towards why Formula One ventures into areas that are suspect given the human rights record of certain countries, including Azerbaijan, Horner turned on his inquisitor, and the F1 press in general. Attack: Christian Horner (centre) launched an astonishing tirade against Formula One media on Friday . 'This is becoming a very depressing press conference where we're focused on the negativities,' said an exasperated Horner. 'Look, there is a calendar that comes out in October and November and we all have a choice whether we enter the world championship or not. 'All the people sitting here are racers and they are here because they are passionate about the sport and want to compete. 'When we sign up for that championship we put our faith and trust in the promoter and the FIA, and we will attend those races unless they deem it unnecessary for us to be there. 'All of you, or the vast majority, will be at those races, and why? Because you are either passionate about the sport or because you earn a living out of covering the sport. On track: Lewis Hamilton in action during Saturday morning's final practice session ahead of qualifying . 'It is wrong to make Formula One a political subject. We are a sport, we should be talking about the drivers in these conferences, about the spectacular racing between our drivers and his driver (pointing to Mattiacci) at the last grand prix (in Germany). 'We should be talking about what a great race it was for Lewis Hamilton to come through the grid. 'Yet all we do is focus on the negatives, and it has to be said, it gets pretty boring for us to sit up here and fend off these questions. 'How about asking some questions about what's going to happen in the race on Sunday, about what's going to happen in qualifying tomorrow. 'If you've got these (other) questions then please point them at Mr (Jean) Todt (FIA president) or Mr (Bernie) Ecclestone rather than the teams.' Azerbaijan joins the calendar in 2016 and has been given the name of Grand Prix of Europe as F1 further expands its reach into the eastern part of the continent given Russia debuts later this year. With Mexico due to return next season after what will be a 23-year absence, the team principals were in agreement the new races were a positive for the sport.
highlights: Red Bull team principal lost his cool when asked about the inclusion of Azerbaijan on the F1 calendar . He took swipe at 'boring' and 'depressing' media in heated rant . Added that it is 'wrong to make Formula One a political subject'
id: 641742fa6d5fb67ab131def9ce4e2ff8a19fa0db
chatgpt: Red Bull's team principal, Christian Horner, has sparked outrage after he unleashed a scathing attack on the media during a press conference ahead of the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Horner lost his cool when asked about the inclusion of Azerbaijan on the F1 calendar, calling the media 'boring' and 'depressing' in a heated rant. The Red Bull boss was clearly frustrated by questions about the race in Baku, which many believe should not be held due to the country's human rights record. Azerbaijan has faced criticism for its treatment of opposition activists, journalists, and LGBT individuals. However, Horner insisted that it was wrong to make Formula One a political subject. "I don't think it's appropriate to politicize sport," Horner said. "We're here to race cars, not to get political points. It's disappointing that the media continues to try and drag us down and create controversy where there is none. We are a sport, not a political party." Despite his comments, the controversy around the Baku race is not going away. Many fans and human rights groups have called on F1 to reconsider the decision to hold a race in Azerbaijan, and some have even called for a boycott. However, the F1 organizers have so far defended their decision, citing the popularity of the event and the support of the local government. Horner's comments have added fuel to the debate, with many criticizing the Red Bull chief for ignoring the human rights abuses in Azerbaijan. Amnesty International UK's head of campaigns, Felix Jakens, said, "It's not about politicizing sport, it's about standing up for human rights. Sport should not be used to whitewash the crimes of an authoritarian regime." Horner's heated outburst also drew criticism from the media. BBC's Andrew Benson accused Horner of trying to shut down the debate around the Baku race. "It's not the media's job to be 'enthusiastic' about a race that raises serious human rights concerns," Benson said. "We have a responsibility to ask difficult questions and hold those in power accountable." Despite the controversy, the F1 teams are preparing for the race in Baku this weekend. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton has already expressed his excitement about the circuit, calling it "one of the most challenging on the calendar." However, the controversy surrounding the race is unlikely to die down anytime soon. The inclusion of Baku, and other countries with poor human rights records, continues to be a contentious issue in the world of sport, and it remains to be seen whether F1 will reconsider its decisions in the future. As for Christian Horner, he may think twice before attacking the media again in a press conference.