article: A couple who failed to seek medical care for their cancer-stricken son because they said they couldn't afford medical care have pleaded guilty to manslaughter. Willie Robinson, eight, died of Hodgkin's . Lymphoma in 2008 after begging his parents to get him medical . care, according to prosecutors. They say that had he received treatment, the youngster would . have had a 96 percent chance of making a full recovery. Monica Hussing and William Robinson Sr. claim they never took their cancer-stricken son Willie to the doctor because they didn't have the money. Scroll down for video . Neglect: Monica Hussing, 37, and William Robinson, 40, admitted that they did not take their cancer-stricken son to the doctor despite his begging . But somehow, the parents found the cash to have their family pit bull treated for fleas, prosecutors say. Hussing, 37, and Robinson, 40, have been free on $150,000 bail each in Cleveland, Ohio, since their son died. On Monday, the parents pleaded guilty to attempted involuntary manslaughter and face up to eight years in prison. Hussing's lawyer blamed Willie's death . on the fact that the parents, who still have five children, were poor and . did not have health insurance. 'Unfortunately, these people did not have that ability to get the proper health care and I think the entire system both in Warren, in Trumbull County and in Cuyahoga County it was just a little bit of... the ball was dropped,' John Luskin told WJW. Pleaded for help: Prosecutors say Willie Robinson begged his mother and father to take him to the doctor . Preventable: Willie, 8, died of Hodgkin's lymphoma, which has a 96 percent survivability rate, if properly treated . But prosecutors say as Willie was . dying a horrible, but preventable, death, Hussing and Robinson paid $87 . to take their pit bull Petey to a veterinarian and have it treated for . fleas. After ignoring . his pleas for medical help, Willie collapsed at their home March 22, . 2008. It was then Hussing and Robinson finally took him to the hospital, . where he was diagnosed with cancer and died later that day. The coroner ruled his death, caused by cancer and pneumonia, a homicide, meaning it was the result of his parents' actions. Authorities say none of the couple's five other children, now 17, 16, 10, 9 and 8, received medical care. All of them have been removed from their parents and are living with an aunt. The parents also kept their children out of school. Willie never saw a the inside of a classroom in his short life, authorities say. Hogkin's Lymphoma is cancer of lymph tissue found in the lymph nodes, spleen, liver and bone marrow. Symptoms include: fatigue, fever and chills, loss of appetite and unexplained weight loss. It is the most common form of childhood cancer and the most treatable, with up to 96 percent of children surviving at least five years after the cancer goes into remission.
highlights: Willie Robinson succumbed to Hodgkin's Lymphoma in 2008 . Parents spent $87 to have pet dog Petey treated for fleas while their son was gravely ill, prosecutors say .
id: a992292d6610f4b139bb076babb64abdd3e84f41
chatgpt: Willie Robinson, a young boy in California, passed away from Hodgkin's Lymphoma in 2008. However, the circumstances surrounding his illness and treatment have recently come into question in court. According to prosecutors, Robinson's parents spent $87 on treating their pet dog Petey for fleas while their son was gravely ill. The prosecution alleges that Robinson's parents neglected to properly care for their son while diverting funds towards their beloved pet. The case has brought attention to the ethical complexities surrounding pet ownership in the face of serious health concerns. The family's lawyer, however, argues that the parents did everything in their power to care for their son but were simply unable to afford the necessary medical treatment. The funds spent on Petey's flea treatment amounted to a minor expense in the grand scheme of things. Regardless of the outcome of the case, it raises important questions about the prioritization of different forms of life. While it is natural for people to feel a strong attachment to their pets, serious illnesses like Hodgkin's Lymphoma require undivided attention and resources. Willie Robinson's death was a tragic loss for his family and community. Hodgkin's Lymphoma is a form of cancer that attacks the immune system and can have devastating effects if left untreated. The case highlights the importance of timely and effective medical care for those suffering from serious illnesses. In addition to the legal proceedings, there has been widespread public debate on the role of pets in our lives. Many argue that pets are an important part of our families and provide emotional support during difficult times. However, this sentiment is not universally shared, and some feel that pet ownership can distract from more pressing matters, especially when it comes to the health of loved ones. The Robinson case has brought these debates to the forefront, sparking conversations around the ethical implications of pet ownership and the proper allocation of resources. It is clear that there are no easy answers, but increasing awareness of these issues is an important step towards fostering a more thoughtful and compassionate society. In the end, Willie Robinson's legacy will be of a young boy whose life was tragically cut short by a devastating disease. While the circumstances leading up to his death may be controversial, it is important to remember that every life is precious and deserving of the best medical care possible. This case serves as a reminder of the difficult choices that families face when it comes to the health and wellbeing of their loved ones, both human and animal.