article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Tube bosses will today hold last-ditch talks aimed at averting strikes by London Underground workers. Members of the RMT union plan to walk out for 48 hours from 9pm today and for three days from the same time next Monday in a row over ticket office closures. Passengers have been warned to expect disruption on the Tube and other types of public transport in the capital. Scroll down for video . Action: Tube bosses will today hold last-ditch talks aimed at averting strikes by London Underground workers . Meetings were held last week but failed to break the deadlock, with the union sticking to its opposition to the closures and the loss of jobs. London Underground says that only 3 per cent of tickets are sold at ticket offices, and that staff would be better employed on station concourses. Managing director Mike Brown said: 'The RMT leadership are making this up on the hoof. Suddenly, they want . to unilaterally tear up the long-established and collectively agreed . option of voluntary redundancy, throwing into question the plans of over . 650 staff who have chosen to leave us. 'The RMT leadership has also failed to take on board the significant changes we have made to our original proposals. Standing firm: LU managing director Mike Brown said members of the RMT union should 'call off the strike and save commuters and businesses from disruption'. He added: 'We will not be diverted from doing the right thing' 'They should clearly now call off the strike and save London’s commuters and businesses from disruption. 'We . will not be diverted from doing the right thing. No responsible . management can stand by and force customers to pay £50 million a year . for services which can be delivered far better and while keeping fares . down.' But Mick Cash, acting general secretary of the RMT, said: 'RMT is committed to the talks process and we will be available tomorrow as I have made clear to Tube boss Mike Brown. 'It is essential that the promise we were given for a full line-by-line and station-by-station review of the cuts and closures, and their impact on staff, passengers and safety, is carried out and that the cuts are halted to allow that process to take place without a gun at our members’ heads. 'This dispute is solely about cash-led cuts to jobs and services that would decimate Tube safety.' LU claimed the RMT was demanding the withdrawal of long-standing voluntary redundancy arrangements. It added that said the modernisation of the Tube will mean more staff visible and available to customers than ever before in the public areas of stations - offering on a permanent basis the levels of customer service provided during the London 2012 Games.
highlights: Tube bosses will today hold last-ditch talks aimed at averting strikes . Members of RMT union plan to walk out for 48 hours from 9pm today . Also plan to strike for three days next week over ticket office closures . People warned to expect disruption on Tube and other public transport .
id: 678643dd2ad493859d1a6adffb55964e9f0c7ca9
chatgpt: Tube bosses are holding last-ditch talks today in a bid to avert a three-day strike planned by members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT). The RMT members plan to stage a 48-hour strike from 9pm tonight as well as a three-day strike next week, in protest over ticket office closures. The strike action is expected to cause significant disruption to public transport across the capital, with commuters warned to prepare alternative travel arrangements. The RMT has previously warned that the proposed closures could threaten passenger safety, but TfL has insisted that the changes are necessary to modernise the network. The RMT said that the strikes were necessary to protect "safety-critical" jobs and services. "This dispute is about safety, jobs and protecting access to a fully-staffed tube network," said RMT general secretary Mick Cash. "The axing of jobs, the closure of ticket offices and the attack on working conditions is unprecedented." Tube bosses have previously warned that the proposed strike action could cost London's economy as much as £50m per day. TfL has urged the RMT to return to the negotiating table, but the union has said that it will not call off the strikes unless its demands are met. London Mayor Sadiq Khan has urged both sides to come to an agreement, saying that it is “vital” that the talks are successful. “I urge the RMT to engage with TfL in talks to ensure Londoners are not disrupted,” he said. “It is vital that London remains open for business.” The proposed changes to the network come as part of TfL’s £4.2bn modernisation programme, which also includes the introduction of new signalling and trains. The changes are part of a long-term plan to upgrade the network, with TfL hoping to have all of its ticket offices closed by the end of the year. The RMT has accused TfL of putting profits before people and has demanded that the ticket offices stay open. The union is also concerned about the impact the closures will have on the number of staff available to help passengers during emergencies. Members of the public have been advised to check the TfL website for updates on the strike action, as well as to consider alternative modes of transport during the planned strikes. TfL has said that it will run as many services as possible during the strikes, but has warned that some services are likely to be affected. The strike action comes at a time when London's transport system is already under significant pressure, with rising passenger numbers and ongoing investment in new infrastructure. The RMT has warned that the proposed changes could impact on the safety of the network, but TfL has said that it is committed to maintaining the highest standards of safety and service for passengers.