article: (CNN) -- An ancient race that lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert may have been among the first to use cannabis for medical or religious purposes. Researchers believe an ancient Gushi shaman may have consumed or burned pot for medical or religious purposes. Nearly two pounds of the plant was found stashed in the tomb of a Gushi shaman. It was high in the chemical compounds that provide its psychoactive properties. "It had evidence of the chemical attributes of cannabis used as a drug," said Dr. Ethan Russo, an author of a study published in the Journal of Experimental Botany. "It could have been for pain control. It could have been for other medicinal properties. It could have been used as an aid to divination." The Gushi people were a Caucasian race with light hair and blue eyes who likely migrated thousands of years ago from the steppes of Russia to what is now China. A nomadic people, they were accomplished horsemen and archers. Chinese archaeologists excavating a network of 2,500 tombs near the town of Turpan in the Xinjiang-Uighur Autonomous Region unearthed the shaman's grave, which contained the cannabis, along with a trove of artifacts such as bridles, archery equipment and a rare harp. The shaman is thought to have been about 45 years old when he died. Many of the bodies recovered in the area were found in an incredibly well-preserved, almost mummified condition. The shaman, however, was a skeleton. "The deceased was laid out on the bottom of this tomb on a little bier," Russo said. "This individual seemed to be very high status because of the variety and quality of the grave goods, including the equestrian equipment, the archery equipment and the large amount of cannabis." Russo said no pipe for smoking the cannabis was found in the shaman's tomb. Researchers think he might have eaten the cannabis or possibly put it on a burning fire to create fumes. They don't think it was used to make hemp clothing or rope, as some other early cultures did. Genetic analysis of the plant suggests it was cultivated rather than gathered from the wild. This find is not the first or the oldest example of ancient people using cannabis, but it may be the best studied. "There may have been older finds of cannabis, but not with this level of scientific investigation attached to them," Russo said.
highlights: About two pounds of potent cannabis found stashed in Gushi shaman's tomb . The Gushi were horsemen and archers who lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert . Archaeologists found shaman among 2,500 tombs of mummies, bridles, rare harp . No pipe in grave, leading researchers to surmise shaman ate or burned cannabis .
id: 704f108999f9bdf91571b4a2fcdfb4db327bde80
chatgpt: Archaeologists have just made an extraordinary discovery in the Gobi Desert – the tomb of a Gushi shaman, containing around two pounds of cannabis. The Gushi were a people renowned for their skill as horsemen and archers, and their influence stretched far beyond their homeland, which is now part of modern-day China. The shaman's tomb was discovered among a haul of more than 2,500 other tombs, all containing a treasure trove of artifacts, from mummies to bridles and even a rare harp. What makes this discovery particularly fascinating is the role that cannabis may have played in the shaman's rituals. Researchers have noted that no pipe was found in the grave, leading them to surmise that the shaman may simply have eaten or burned the cannabis instead. This would make sense, given that cannabis has traditionally been used in many cultures as a means of inducing altered states of consciousness, which could be useful in shamanistic practices. But aside from the significance for shamanism, the discovery is also important for our understanding of the history of cannabis use. Cannabis has been found in graves in many parts of the world, but this discovery is particularly significant because it provides evidence of its use over two thousand years ago. It's a reminder that our relationship with the plant has been longstanding, and that its role in human history is still only partially understood. Of course, the discovery has also raised some questions. How did the Gushi people obtain cannabis? And why did they value it enough to include it in a shaman's tomb? One possibility is that they grew it themselves – cannabis is known to have been cultivated in Eurasia since at least 4,000 BCE – but it's also possible that it was traded from further afield. And as for its significance, it's impossible to say for sure. Cannabis may have had a spiritual or cultural value to the Gushi people, or it may have been simply a commodity with practical uses. One thing is certain – this discovery sheds new light on our understanding of ancient cultures and their relationship with cannabis. As we continue to uncover new evidence, we're sure to learn more about the ways that humans have interacted with this remarkable plant throughout our history. And who knows? Perhaps there are still more treasures waiting to be unearthed in the Gobi Desert.