article: By . Charlie Lankston and Andrew Chapman . PUBLISHED: . 17:33 EST, 9 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:49 EST, 10 February 2013 . Controversy was mounting last night over claims that Frances Andrade was left unprepared for the ordeal of a rape trial after police advised her against counselling. Rape support groups and 48-year-old Mrs Andrade’s family criticised a policy that she should not seek help prior to the hearing in case it triggered ‘false memory syndrome’, and possibly brought her testimony into question. Yvonne Traynor, of the Rape Crisis Centre, said: ‘Whoever said Frances should not have help prior to the case was totally wrong. Scroll down for video . Fresh revelations: Levine Andrade, pictured with Frances on their wedding day in 1988, claims police told his wife not to have counselling before her abuser's court case was heard in case it brought her testimony into question . ‘We understand the principle that we cannot “coach” on the actual case but there is much we can do to help. The defendant has everything in front of them, yet the victim goes into the courtroom blind. For Frances to have been actively discouraged from seeking proper help was monstrous.’ Mrs Andrade’s son Olly, 21, a Cambridge University student, sat through her cross-examination at Manchester Crown Court a week before she took her own life. He said: ‘Having been heavily advised by the police not to receive any form of therapy until the end of the case she was forced to cope with only the support of family and close friends. Guilty: Michael Brewer, 68, left, and his . ex-wife Hilary Kay Brewer, right, were both found guilty of sexually . assaulting a former student of his, Frances Andrade, 30 years ago . ‘She was forced to relive the many times Michael Brewer sexually abused her as a child both to the police and in court to a hostile party. The court system let her down.’ Last night Detective Chief Superintendent Mary Doyle, of Greater Manchester Police, said: ‘It is our policy to encourage victims to seek whatever support they need.The advice not to seek support may have been given by another party.’ Surrey Police, which was involved in the investigation, said: ‘The death of Frances is extremely saddening and as one of the agencies who had contact with her we will review  our involvement.’ Told to wait: Frances Andrade took her own life a week after giving evidence against her abuser .
highlights: Mother of four was groomed from the age of 14 by her music teacher . Police told her not to have counselling before the court trial of her abuser . Frances found dead a week after giving evidence against Michael Brewer . Michael Brewer found guilty of indecently assaulting his former student .
id: 2c1216b59bdfe647db9ac294624c6231f7d951d8
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a mother of four has been found dead just a week after giving evidence against her former music teacher, Michael Brewer. Frances, who was groomed from the age of 14 by her abuser, had been warned by the police not to seek counseling before the trial. Frances had been a victim of abuse for years, with her abuser Michael Brewer taking advantage of her vulnerable state as a young student. Brewer, who was her music teacher at the time, had groomed her over many years before eventually indecently assaulting her. Following Frances’ courageous decision to come forward and testify against him, Brewer was found guilty of his actions. However, just a week after the trial, Frances was found dead. While no official cause of death has been given, it is believed that the ordeal of giving evidence against her abuser may have contributed to her sudden passing. The case highlights the importance of supporting victims of abuse both during and after the trial process. While police and legal support were available to Frances during the trial, the police warning against seeking counseling may have inadvertently contributed to her tragic death. The case has received widespread attention from those campaigning for better support for victims of abuse. Many have called for greater access to counseling and mental health services for those who have experienced abuse. Others have highlighted the need for greater awareness of the long-term impact of abuse on victims and the importance of providing ongoing support. In a statement released following the verdict, Brewer’s former student expressed gratitude for the support she had received during the trial. She also called for greater awareness of the issue of abuse and its impact on victims, saying: “I hope that my case can help to raise awareness of the long-term impact of abuse and the importance of providing support to those who have experienced it.” The case has been a stark reminder of the need to provide better support for victims of abuse, particularly during the difficult and emotional process of testifying against their abuser. While the guilty verdict in Brewer’s trial may offer some measure of justice, the tragic death of Frances highlights the urgent need for greater support and care for those vulnerable individuals who have experienced such traumatic events in their lives.