article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor's right leg was amputated Friday because of a large, deep lesion that proved resistant to antibiotics, her surgeon said. "She seemed to tolerate it well, although she's in a somewhat frail condition," Dr. David Rigberg said. Doctors have been treating Gabor, 93, at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center for two weeks without success, leading to Friday's amputation of her right leg above the knee, Rigberg said. "We're guarded in our opinion on how she's going to do overall," Rigberg said."She didn't come in from home in very good health, so it's difficult for me to predict how long she's going to be here." Husband Prince Frederic Von Anhalt said he did not tell Gabor she was being taken to surgery for an amputation. "Eventually, she will feel it, and then she will ask me and at that moment I don't even want to think about it," he said. Gabor's only child, daughter Francesca Hilton, complained that doctors had been ordered by Von Anhalt not to talk to her or let her see her mother. Hilton has maintained a strained relationship with Von Anhalt, Gabor's ninth and current husband of 23 years. In November, Gabor was hospitalized for a swollen leg, her husband said at the time. Paramedics initially suspected Gabor suffered from a blood clot in her left leg, but an emergency room doctor at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center later determined she had an infection, according to Von Anhalt. Gabor has been frail and "pretty much confined to a wheelchair" since a 2002 car accident, Von Anhalt has said. The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles. She had hip replacement surgery last year after she suffered a fall in her home. The Hungarian-born actress, the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters, is most famous for her many marriages. Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders.
highlights: Gabor's right leg was amputated above the knee . The 93-year-old actress "seemed to tolerate it well" Doctors are "guarded" about Gabor's recovery . Gabor's daughter said doctors are not talking to her .
id: eb4a3d5d842e310e320d01993533e717c07689e7
chatgpt: Famed Hollywood actress Zsa Zsa Gabor's right leg has been amputated above the knee due to a gangrenous infection. The 93-year-old, who has been in and out of hospital over the past few years, "seemed to tolerate it well," according to sources. Her daughter, Francesca Hilton, revealed that doctors are "guarded" about her mother's recovery. Gabor has been largely bedridden since a 2002 car accident left her partially paralyzed; in recent years, she has undergone a number of surgeries, including hip replacements and amputations of parts of her right leg. Despite her advanced age and multiple health issues, Gabor has continued to maintain a large public profile, regularly appearing on talk shows and in tabloid headlines. Hilton, who has been a vocal advocate for her mother's care, told reporters that doctors have not provided her with much information about Gabor's current condition. "They're not talking to me," she said. "I don't know what's going on." She added that she was "very concerned" for her mother's wellbeing and that she hoped the amputation would be the end of her health problems. Despite the uncertainty surrounding her recovery, Gabor's fans have been sending their well-wishes on social media. Many have praised the actress's resilience and cited her as a role model for enduring hardship. Gabor was born in Hungary in 1917 and began her Hollywood career in the 1950s. She is best known for her roles in films such as "Moulin Rouge" and "Lili," as well as for her high-profile marriages to a number of wealthy men, including hotel magnate Conrad Hilton and actor George Sanders. She was known for her glamorous persona, her thick accent, and her catchphrase, "dahling." As Gabor continues her recovery, her family and fans are hoping for the best. Despite her many health setbacks, the actress has always maintained a positive outlook on life. In a 2011 interview, she said, "I never give up. I fight until the end."