article: By . Rob Waugh . Last updated at 3:18 PM on 10th January 2012 . [headerlinks] . A group of astrophysicists from The University of Texas at Arlington suggests a habitable Earth-like planet could exist in a distant solar system found by Nasa’s Kepler space telescope. Kepler-16 has two stars, like Star Wars’ fictional Tatooine. Kepler-16 System made headlines in September when researchers discovered Kepler-16b, a cold, gaseous planet orbiting both stars. The UT Arlington team, have concluded that an Earth-type planet could exist in the system’s ‘habitable zone’ – as a moon orbiting Kepler-16b. The Kepler-16 System made headlines in September when researchers discovered Kepler-16b, a cold, gaseous planet orbiting both stars. The team has concluded that an Earth-type planet could exist in the system¿s ¿habitable zone¿ ¿ as a moon orbiting Kepler-16b . To host life in that zone, a terrestrial planet orbiting the two stars . would need to have high levels of greenhouse gases in its atmosphere . such as carbon monoxide or methane, they said. UT Arlington Department of Physics professor Zdzislaw Musielak said, . ‘This is an assessment of the possibilities. We’re telling them where a . planet has to be in the system to be habitable. We’re hoping they will . look there.’ ‘There is less light from the star, so the planet itself has to maintain . more heat,’ said PhD student Billy Quarles, one of the co-authors on . the paper. Science fiction: The notion of a planet wth two suns may seem familiar - because Luke Skywalker lived on one in Star Wars . Kepler's . mission is to scour our section of the Milky Way galaxy for Earth-like . planets in the so-called 'habitable zone' that is not too close and not . too far away from the stars they orbit. The spacecraft does this by finding stars . whose light periodically gets dimmer, which means there is a planet . passing between the star and Kepler's instruments. This is known as a . planetary transit. If the . notion of a planet with two suns was displayed in the earliest Star Wars . film on the fictional planet Tatooine, home of Luke Skywalker. Tatooine was a rocky, desert planet, but Kepler-16b is a cool gas giant, Boss and other researchers said. Extraordinary: An artist's illustration of Kepler-16b, the first planet known to orbit two stars . Kepler-16b is similar to Saturn in . size and mass, a cold gas giant that orbits its two suns every 229 days . at a distance of 65 million miles (104.6 million km).
highlights: Earth-like moon could orbit two suns of Kepler-16 system . Habitable moon would be shrouded in CO2 or methane . Team urges Nasa to look for 'extrasolar moon'
id: 5f4891d6d2e674238c9aa532fa1b56aca3f1201d
chatgpt: Scientists have released a new report that suggests the potential existence of an Earth-like moon that could orbit around two suns in the Kepler-16 system. The discovery of such a moon could be a breakthrough in our search for extraterrestrial life, as this hypothetical moon is believed to be habitable. The report also mentions that this potential moon would be shrouded in either carbon dioxide or methane, which is similar to Earth's atmosphere. These are some of the key elements required for life to exist, which makes the discovery all the more exciting. The research team responsible for the report is urging NASA to investigate the possibility of an "extrasolar moon" in this system. They believe that the discovery of such a moon would greatly enhance our understanding of the universe and potentially bring us closer to discovering other habitable planets beyond our own solar system. Kepler-16 is a binary star system located around 200 light-years from Earth. It is the first confirmed planetary system with two orbiting stars, similar to the fictional planet Tatooine from the Star Wars franchise. This unique system has a gas giant planet, Kepler-16b, that is roughly the size of Saturn, and it orbits the two stars at a distance of 65 million miles. The report from the research team explains that the potential habitable moon would have to be located in the "Goldilocks Zone" of the Kepler-16 system. This is the region in which the conditions are favorable for life, not too hot and not too cold. The moon would need to have a stable orbit and an atmosphere that can support life. The potential discovery of an extrasolar moon orbiting two suns is a groundbreaking idea that could change our perception of the universe. It could provide vital clues for unlocking the mysteries of extraterrestrial life and shed light on the capabilities of life beyond our own planet. In conclusion, the idea of an Earth-like moon in the Kepler-16 system is exciting, but at this point remains hypothetical. However, the potential benefits of finding such a moon are immense, and it is increasingly important for space agencies such as NASA to invest in research that focuses on the search for new planets and moons that may harbor life outside our own solar system. With continued research and exploration, it is possible that we will one day discover a habitable moon orbiting around two suns in the Kepler-16 system.