article: Wasps have announced the signing of Leinster fly-half Jimmy Gopperth. The 31-year-old New Zealander joined Leinster in 2013 after four years with Wasps' fellow Aviva Premiership club Newcastle. During his time with Newcastle, Gopperth was the Premiership's top points scorer on two separate occasions. Jimmy Gopperth (right) in action for Leinster during a European Rugby Champions Cup match last month . Before moving to Europe, Gopperth had Super Rugby stints in New Zealand with the Blues and Hurricanes. He will move to Wasps in time for next season. 'We are delighted to have signed Jimmy Gopperth for next season,' Wasps rugby director Dai Young said. 'Jimmy's consistency of performance at the highest level is really impressive. 'He is one of the most accurate kickers in northern hemisphere rugby, and we also expect him to develop a dangerous attacking partnership in our back-line over the next couple of seasons.' Gopperth kicks a penalty during the Heineken Cup quarter-final against Toulon in France last year . Current Wasps fly-half Andy Goode, 34, will be out of contract at the end of this season, but Young added: 'We would love to keep him involved with Wasps and have offered him a coaching role at the club. 'Goodey's ability to analyse the game is first-rate, and when you see him around the club it's easy to appreciate how much he is respected by the players and the coaches. 'He has won everything there is to win in club rugby, and he offers so much off the field, as well as on field, to the younger players here. Wasps' Andy Goode kicks a conversion during the Avivia Premiership clash against Sale Sharks on Sunday . 'Andy has already shown his coaching potential alongside our A team coaches, and we would like him to join the senior team. 'At the moment he is keeping his options open and considering a variety of offers elsewhere, which we fully understand.'
highlights: Wasps have signed Leinster fly-half Jimmy Gopperth . The 31-year-old New Zealander will join in time for next season . Wasps have offered current fly-half Andy Goode a coaching role .
id: 8c76b3ab0a958865b60eaed84ea10303a6617ee9
chatgpt: Wasps Rugby Club has announced the signing of 31-year-old fly-half Jimmy Gopperth from Leinster. The New Zealand-born player is set to begin his tenure at Wasps Rugby Club next season.  Gopperth is a veteran of New Zealand rugby, having played professionally with Auckland, North Harbour and the Hurricanes in the Super Rugby league. He made the move to Europe in 2009, playing with Newcastle Falcons, then moving on to Leinster in 2013. Gopperth's signing comes at a time when Wasps Rugby Club is also looking to restructure its coaching staff. The club has offered current fly-half Andy Goode a coaching role, pending his retirement from the sport.  Only one fly-half position will be available on the team in the upcoming season, and it is not yet clear who will assume that role. However, many are speculating that Gopperth is being brought in to serve as a replacement for Goode. Regardless of who takes the field as fly-half next season, Wasps Rugby Club appears poised to make a deep playoff run in the Premier League. The team finished in 3rd place last year, just behind Saracens and Exeter Chiefs. Gopperth brings a wealth of experience to the table, having played in some of the most demanding rugby leagues in the world. He is a proven scorer, with over 2,400 points to his name in professional rugby competition. Gopperth will also bring a level of leadership and experience to the team. He has played alongside and coached some of the world's best rugby players, and is well-equipped to help mold the young talent on the Wasps roster. Wasps Rugby Club has a rich history, having won numerous championships since it was established in 1867. With the signing of Gopperth and the potential addition of Goode to the coaching staff, the team is poised to once again compete at the highest levels of European rugby competition. Fans of Wasps Rugby Club are eagerly anticipating the start of next season, when they will finally see Gopperth take the field in pursuit of championship glory.