article: By . Cindy Tran for Daily Mail Australia . and Kate Lyons for Daily Mail Australia . The mystery powerball winner from Queensland has come foward after discovering she had purchased the winning lottery ticket. The Sunshine Coast woman, who wishes to remain annoymous, admitted she was unaware that there was a missing Powerball winner on the Sunshine Coast. The new multi-millionnaire said she was too overwhelmed to say what she plans to do with her staggering $35.9 million Powerball windfall but did reveal she wants to share the prize money with her family. 'I’m feeling a little sick at the moment!  I’m just waiting to wake up from this dream!' the stunned winner exclaimed. 'I honestly never thought I’d win in last night’s $70 million Powerball draw.  I think the most I’ve ever won in lotto is about $20! So this is unbelievable! I can actually retire! I’ve wanted to retire for some time now.' Two division one Powerball entries shared last night's $70 million Powerball jackpot, with the tickets entitling the winners to $35,904,620.67 each. The other winning ticket was purchased in Great Western Sydney by a 15-person ticket syndicate, meaning that, with extra division prizes, each member is now more than $2.4 million richer. Scroll down for video . Last night's $70 million Powerball jackpot was won by two tickets, one in Greater Western Sydney and one purchased in Queensland . The winning Powerball 12-game QuickPick was purchased at The Lucky Charm Noosaville in Noosaville. Last night two entries shared in Powerball’s mind-blowing $70 million jackpot draw with each entry winning a first division share worth $35,904,620.67! Aside from the winning entry sold in Noosaville, the other first division Powerball prize was claimed by a group of workmates from Western Sydney. The 15-member syndicate purchased their winning Powerball entry from Bonnyrigg Plaza Newsagency in Bonnyrigg. The syndicate won a total prize of $36,013,700.12 thanks to their System 9 entry type and each winner will claim a share of $2.4 million. This is the largest jackpot prize offered in the country this year. The winning numbers in the jackpot draw 953 on Thursday 21 August were 32, 8, 5, 40, 19 and 7, and the Powerball number was 12. Powerball will offer a $3 million division one prize in next week’s draw.
highlights: The mystery powerball winner has come forward on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland on Friday afternoon . The new multi-millionnaire said she was too overwhelmed to say what she plans to do with her staggering $35.9 million . Last night's $70 million Powerball jackpot had two winning tickets . The other winner was a 15-member syndicate purchased by a group of workmates from Western Sydney .
id: 62cb7d7638a179fb700b121a8237e34b29a9a5c8
chatgpt: The mystery surrounding the winner of the $70 million Powerball jackpot has been solved. On Friday afternoon, a woman from the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, came forward claiming the staggering $35.9 million prize. The new multi-millionnaire, whose identity is being kept anonymous, said she was too overwhelmed to discuss her plans for the money. Last night's Powerball jackpot had two winning tickets, with the other going to a 15-member syndicate composed of co-workers from Western Sydney. The lucky group will split the other half of the jackpot, coming away with a hefty sum of $35.9 million. Lottery officials confirmed that both tickets were valid and have been claimed by the winners. They expect to make the necessary arrangements for the winners to collect their prize money soon. The news of the jackpot prize being claimed has left many people curious about what each winner plans to do with their new-found wealth. The Sunshine Coast woman's reluctance to divulge any information has only added to the mystery surrounding her. The Western Sydney syndicate, however, has already announced their intentions for the money. They plan to retire early and use some of the funds to travel the world together. The group has been playing the lottery together for years and is ecstatic to finally have their efforts rewarded. This new Powerball jackpot is one of the largest in Australian lottery history, and the fact that there were two winners makes it even more unique. The odds of winning the Powerball jackpot are approximately 134 million to 1, making it a true game of chance. The lottery has been a popular pastime for Australians for years, and with the rise of online lottery options, it has never been easier to play. However, the news of these two winners will undoubtedly inspire many to continue trying their luck in the hopes of hitting it big. For now, the identities and plans of the two Powerball winners remain a mystery, but the news of their winnings has already made headlines across Australia. It’s clear that for these two lucky individuals or groups, life will never be the same.