article: (EW.com) -- This Saturday night, while you're watching John Cusack brood in "The Raven" or catching up on "Game of Thrones" -- or doing something besides staring at a glowing rectangle -- a certain flame-haired actress will be dining with America's commander-in-chief. That's right: Lindsay Lohan, newly minted Lifetime movie star, will attend 2012′s White House Correspondents' dinner. Her rep tells the Washington Post that Lilo is going to be a guest of Fox News host Greta van Susteren, who must be a closet fan of "I Know Who Killed Me." And to make matters even odder, Lohan's defense attorney Shawn Holley will also be present at the soiree. I guess that'll come in handy if another lady accuses her of battery afterward. It's bizarre that Lohan's going to rub elbows with Barack, Michelle, and a roster of Beltway insiders and Hollywood A-listers at the event. But ever since famous residents of the Left Coast started attending the WHCD in greater numbers, the event's guest list has included more than a few head scratchers. For example: . - In 2002, bat-biter Ozzy Osbourne attended and evidently stole the show from then-president George W. Bush. (Hey, remember when The Osbournes was a thing?) Bush tried to get the last laugh by telling Osbourne that Barbara Bush was a big fan of albums like "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath." - 2006 welcomed "Dancing With the Stars" winner Drew Lachey and tennis siren Anna Kournikova, among others. But I'm guessing nobody had time to wonder why these C-listers were in the building; guests must have been too busy gaping at Stephen Colbert's explosive speech. - 2008: Heidi Montag got an invite, but had to cancel when human sweat stain Spencer Pratt demanded a ticket as well. What a loss for Washington! - David Cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocaine in front of President Obama. Which decision was worse: doing drugs while surrounded by Secret Service agents or appearing in "Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel?" - 2010 was a banner year for unlikely WHCD attendees. The Jonas Brothers, Chace Crawford's sister Candice, Katie Lee Joel (Billy's ex-wife), and Q-list syndicated talk show host Wendy Williams all came. Oh, and so did Kim Kardashian; like Lilo, she was a guest of van Susteren. (So, in fact, was Ozzy Osbourne. I'm shocked she didn't try to bring Charlie Sheen in 2011.) - This year, Lindsay may be upstaged by another headline-grabbing guest: Uggie, The Artist's adorable, heroic Jack Russell Terrier. He'll be a guest of The Washington Times, a paper that knows from dog puns. How do you think Lilo compares to those who have come before her? And what do you think she'll do at the Correspondents' Dinner -- accidentally flash her Mean Girl? Pick a fight with Jesse Tyler Ferguson, a repeat attendee? Or surprise us all by acting normal and having a lovely time? See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Lindsay Lohan will attend the 2012′s White House Correspondents' dinner . In 2002, bat-biter Ozzy Osbourne attended . David Cross showed up in 2009 and allegedly snorted cocaine .
id: 3ec7418b9957207df8b21f7dbae7388ce3ea7232
chatgpt: Celebrities attending the White House Correspondents' Dinner is nothing new, as shown by the likes of Ozzy Osbourne and David Cross in previous years. This year, however, another familiar face is making an appearance - Lindsay Lohan. According to sources close to Lohan, the actress was extended an invitation to attend the 2012 dinner, a prestigious annual event that brings together politicians, journalists, and Hollywood stars. This marks Lohan's first appearance at the dinner, and many are curious to see what she will wear and who she will be rubbing elbows with. The White House Correspondents' Dinner has become known for its star-studded guest list and has even been dubbed the "nerd prom" for its mix of politicians and celebrities. In 2002, Ozzy Osbourne made headlines when he attended the dinner, despite his reputation as a hard-partying rock star. He infamously bit the head off a bat during a concert in 1982, yet no such antics were reported at the dinner. David Cross, a comedian and actor known for his role on Arrested Development, attended the dinner in 2009. However, controversy soon followed when photos surfaced of Cross allegedly snorting cocaine in a bathroom at the event. He later denied the allegations and claimed it was just a joke. While Lohan may not have the same reputation as Osbourne or Cross, she is certainly no stranger to controversy herself. The actress has had numerous legal issues and stints in rehab throughout her career. Her attendance at the White House Correspondents' Dinner is sure to generate interest and speculation as to whether she will stay out of trouble for the night. The annual event is typically hosted by the sitting president and features a keynote address by a notable comedian. In 2012, President Obama was in his first term and comedian Jimmy Kimmel provided the entertainment. Lohan is just one of many celebrities on the guest list, which has included everyone from George Clooney to Kim Kardashian in previous years. The White House Correspondents' Dinner is often seen as an opportunity for politicians and journalists to let their hair down and mingle with Hollywood's elite. It remains to be seen whether Lohan will use the opportunity to make new connections and rehab her image, or if she will succumb to temptation and make headlines for all the wrong reasons. Regardless of the outcome, the presence of Lindsay Lohan at the 2012 White House Correspondents' Dinner is sure to be a talking point for years to come. Whether she becomes a footnote in the event's history or adds to the already long list of scandalous moments, one thing is certain - all eyes will be on her.