article: It was a horrific chapter in American history, but now some people who were sterilized against their will by the government may be getting compensation for what they endured. After going back and forth on the issue for 10 years, on Thursday the North Carolina legislature agreed to give $10 million to victims. If signed by the governor, North Carolina would become the first state to compensate sterilization victims. "It's been a long hard fight," said state Rep. Larry Womble, who championed the cause. "We're trying to correct a wrong." It's believed that the government of North Carolina sterilized more than 7,000 people between 1929 and 1974. Of those, only about 200 have come forward, according to Charmaine Fuller-Cooper, former director of the North Carolina Justice for Sterilization Victims Foundation. That would mean each victim would get about $50,000. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory still must sign the measure into law, and if he does, Charles Holt hopes to go to Raleigh and shake his hand. Holt was 19 and  living in an institution for boys in Butner, North Carolina when he was given a vasectomy without his consent. "They sent me to the hospital and then they just put me in a room and she gave me gas and I just went off to sleep," Holt remembers. When he awoke, the nurse told him what they'd done. "I wasn't happy," he said. From 1907 through the 1970s, more than 60,000 Americans were forcibly sterilized. Some, like Holt, were in institutions, while others were deemed "feeble-minded" or had "unfit human traits." Others were children of alcoholics whose parents couldn't care for them. Thirty-three states had forced sterilization programs. California's was the largest, sterilizing 20,000 people. The programs were supported by some of the nation's most respected doctors, lawyers, and social workers. Even the U.S. Supreme Court approved it, as Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote in one 1927 court case, "Three generations of imbeciles are enough." Under the eugenics laws in North Carolina, anyone could request that someone could be sterilized. Fuller-Cooper remembers reading about neighbors who recommended sterilization because they thought a young woman was sexually promiscuous. A board would then consider the request. Fuller-Cooper remembers the first time she read the case files from the state eugenics board. "I literally sat at my desk and cried for about 15 minutes," she said. If signed into law, payments are expected to be made in June, 2015. Namibian women were sterilized without consent .
highlights: Thirty-three states had forced sterilization programs for much of the 20th century . California's was the largest, sterilizing 20,000 people . Lawmakers in North Carolina OK $10 million to go to those forcibly sterilized in that state . It's believed NC sterilized more than 7,000 people between 1929 and 1974 .
id: 3cacef9cf8a160ad03c247df862885d47e1bd8e6
chatgpt: Forced sterilization programs were in place in 33 states in the US over much of the 20th century. While all these programs have been condemned as immoral and unjust, California has been labeled the largest with an estimated 20,000 people being sterilized between 1909 and 1979. According to the state's eugenics laws, individuals who were seen as "unfit to procreate" were subjected to sterilization without their consent. North Carolina was also one of the states that had these programs in place, and it is believed that more than 7,000 people were sterilized between 1929 and 1974. As a form of reparations to those who were forcibly sterilized, North Carolina lawmakers have approved $10 million to be awarded to such individuals, a first-of-its-kind in the US. The money will be divided among the living victims who are able to come forward and provide evidence of their sterilization. To date, fewer than 200 have been recognized by state officials, but it is believed that there are many more who have yet to come forward. The compensation will help ease their suffering, which has been long-standing and often unseen. The psychological effects of sterilization on the victims cannot be overstated. In some cases, it led to immense shame and grief, mental health problems, and feelings of worthlessness. It was not uncommon for whole families to be uprooted and separated, with many never being able to come back together again. The compensation package has been welcomed by those who have been fighting for justice and acknowledgment of their ordeal for years. In 2013, the state created a task force to investigate these crimes and recommend solutions that could be used to help the victims, including compensation. The reparations are seen as a step toward acknowledging and rectifying the wrongs of the past. But for some, it is not enough. Many argue that the US government has not taken enough action in condemning these practices and ensuring that they never happen again. There is still a lot of work to be done to provide justice and closure to all those who have suffered and to prevent such egregious acts from happening in the future. In conclusion, the compensation package for those forcibly sterilized in North Carolina between 1929 and 1974 is a significant step forward in acknowledging and rectifying the wrongs committed by the state. It will not fully heal the wounds of these victims, but it goes some way in providing closure and easing their pain. However, more needs to be done to prevent such practices from ever being repeated in the US.