article: (CNN) -- CNN-sponsored Team Lotus have drafted in Karun Chandhok to replace Jarno Trulli for Sunday's German Grand Prix. Chandhok, 27,  joined Team Lotus team as a reserve driver in March and has not taken part in a race since representing Hispania at the 2010 British Grand Prix. Trulli, 37, is currently in his second season with Team Lotus, but the veteran Italian, who has also raced for Jordan and Renault during a 14-year career, has failed to score a point in 28 races with the marquee. "Ever since I first joined the team I have been looking forward to this opportunity and I am determined to do my best to repay their faith in me and help the team progress," India's Chandhok said in a statement Thursday. Alonso claims British win for Ferrari . "I know there will be millions of Indian fans, and Team Lotus fans around the world, who will be behind me and the whole team, so I will do the best I can to give them something to cheer for." Chandhok also received the backing of one-time grand prix winner Trulli, who vowed to help his teammate in the build up to the Nurburgring event. "I'm looking forward to working with Karun this weekend and doing whatever I can to help him get the most out of his opportunity in Germany," said Trulli. "It's great that the team is true to its word of helping develop young talent, particularly from parts of the world where it is even harder to break through into the top rung of motorsport." Passing judgment: Hamilton must stay aggressive . When Chandhok lines up on the grid for the race he will be alongside his compatriot Narain Karthikeyan, who is in his first season with Hispania. Both drivers will be hoping to be in the cockpit when India makes its bow as a Formula One venue with a grand prix in New Delhi on October 30.
highlights: Karun Chandhok will race for CNN-sponsored Team Lotus at the German Grand Prix . The Indian will replace the veteran Italian Jarno Trulli who sits out the race . Chandhok has been in Formula 1 since the 2010 British Grand Prix at Silverstone .
id: 948383692884a5930b5b316b83f3a6ec83615ec5
chatgpt: Karun Chandhok, the Indian Formula 1 driver, is set to race for the CNN-sponsored Team Lotus at the upcoming German Grand Prix. Chandhok will replace the veteran Italian driver Jarno Trulli, who will sit out the race. Chandhok, who has been with the Lotus team since last year, has been patiently waiting for his chance to get back behind the wheel of the Lotus F1 car. He last raced for the team in the 2011 Indian Grand Prix, where he finished in 18th place. The Indian driver has been in Formula 1 since his debut at the 2010 British Grand Prix at Silverstone. He made his name in the sport by winning the GP2 Asia Series in 2007-08, and then competed in the GP2 Series from 2008 to 2009. Speaking ahead of the German Grand Prix, Chandhok said, “I am delighted to be back in the car for Lotus this weekend. It's always nice to get another opportunity to race in Formula 1, and I am looking forward to doing everything I can to help the team achieve a good result.” The Lotus team has had a mixed season so far, with their drivers struggling to secure points in most of the races. But with the addition of Chandhok, the team is hoping to turn their fortunes around. Lotus Team Principal Tony Fernandes said, "We are thrilled to have Karun racing for us at the German Grand Prix. Karun has been an integral part of our team since last year, and we are confident that he will do a great job for us this weekend.” Trulli, who has been with the Lotus team since their entry into F1 in 2010, has struggled to get to grips with the car this season. He has failed to finish higher than 17th place in any of the races so far, prompting the team to make the decision to replace him with Chandhok. The German Grand Prix takes place at the Hockenheimring circuit in Germany on 22-24 July. The Lotus team will be hoping that Chandhok’s inclusion will help them achieve a better result and finally score some valuable points in the challenging season.