article: By . Mail Foreign Service . PUBLISHED: . 09:33 EST, 16 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:45 EST, 17 April 2013 . Japan has asked for a boat back that has washed up in America following the massive 2011 tsunami. Officials from the Japanese city of Rikuzentakata said it is in a 'giddy state of shock' and would love to get the boat back now it has been found in northern California. The 20ft boat was been discovered in the town of Crescent City, midway between the cities of San Francisco and Portland. Wanted: The boat, now parked at the Sheriff's Office impound lot, has been cleaned of its barnacles after it was washed up in California . The boat had travelled a distance of some 5,500 miles. The Japanese found out where the boat was after officials in the U.S. posted a picture on Crescent City’s Facebook page. Just hours later, a teacher from a school in Japan, said the boat was their's. Humboldt State University geologist Lori Dengler says she posted the photos recently after a university librarian translated the name of the high school from the boat. The earthquake and tsunami which struck Japan in 2011 was the most powerful in the country’s history, and killed more than 16,000 people. When the deadly tsunami struck Japan . in March 2011, about five million tons of debris was dragged into the . Pacific Ocean, according to Japanese government estimates. In March 2011, the tsunami flooded over the breakwater protecting the coastal city of Miyako at Heigawa estuary . A catamaran sightseeing boat that was thrown by the tsunami onto a two story building, at Otsuchi town . A boat that washed ashore in Washington state on March 22, 2013 . Most of the flotsam and jetsam later sunk to the bottom, but about 1.5 tons of debris continued floating across the ocean. Some . of tsunami remnants found their way to American shores, including two . docks that made landfall in Washington and Oregon. But the only living . organisms that were discovered on the docks included plant life and . invertebrate like limpets and barnacles. Last June, a 70ft dock landed on a . beach north of Newport. It was determined to be one of four docks that . broke loose from the Port of Misawa on Honshu, Japan, the station KOIN reported. In December 2012, a second Japanese dock drifted ashore on the Olympic Peninsula in northwestern Washington. Prior . to the discovery of the fish on the skiff, scientists believed that no . species could survive a long journey across the ocean, and that only . large objects, like docks, could support life.
highlights: 20ft boat was been discovered in the town of Crescent City . It had travelled a distance of some 5,500 miles from Japan .
id: de73db4d2dd598fe940d52ac07b03ea243e690f5
chatgpt: A surprising discovery took place in the town of Crescent City in California when a 20ft boat floated ashore. The small watercraft had traveled a distance of approximately 5,500 miles all the way from Japan. Although this is not the first time a boat from Japan has reached American shores, it is a rare occurrence. The boat was spotted by a local resident who immediately contacted authorities. The US Coast Guard and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife responded to the call and were able to tow the vessel to shore. The boat was in relatively good condition given the distance it had traveled, although it was heavily encrusted with marine life indicating that it had been afloat for a considerable amount of time. Upon closer inspection, it was determined that the boat was not intended for recreational use, but rather it was a commercial fishing vessel. It carried equipment such as bait boxes and fishing tackle, further supporting the theory that it had been used for commercial fishing purposes. The registration number traced the boat back to Japan, confirming its origin. The discovery of this boat raises questions about the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami that ravaged Japan, claiming over 15,000 lives and washing over 5 million tons of debris out to sea. It is believed that some of the debris may still be floating in the Pacific, eventually making its way to other parts of the world. The incident sparked concern amongst local authorities about the potential for invasive species being introduced into California's delicate ecosystem. The Department of Fish and Wildlife immediately began to assess the risk and to take steps to mitigate any potential harm. One of the primary concerns was the presence of marine organisms that could become invasive if they entered local waterways. A thorough cleaning procedure was initiated, where the boat was thoroughly scrubbed and disinfected, in order to remove any non-native species that may have attached themselves to the vessel during the long journey. The boat was ultimately deemed safe, and the local community viewed the discovery with a mix of curiosity and awe. Many people were astounded by the sheer distance the boat had traveled, and were struck by the realization of the power and enormity of the Pacific Ocean.  Overall, this discovery was a testament to the natural forces that govern our planet, and a reminder that we are all connected by the ocean that covers more than 70% of the Earth's surface.