article: By . Nina Golgowski . PUBLISHED: . 13:59 EST, 26 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:05 EST, 26 October 2012 . Falling and finding herself unable to get up, a North Carolina woman says it was her dog who came to her rescue dialling 911. Laying on the floor of her Asheville home, Dorothy Davidson said she found herself trapped and unable to reach her phone when her dog Spirit rushed to her side. 'I fell in the bathroom, I was just weak but when I got down on the floor I couldn't get back up and I couldn't reach the phone,' she told WABC. Scroll down for video . Life safer: Seen ready at her side, Dorothy Davidson's dog Spirit is what she calls her hero . To the rescue! Raised by Ms Davidson since she was a puppy, Spirit is specially trained to call for help if her owner is in trouble . Suffering lateral sclerosis, a disorder in the same family as Lou Gehrig's Disease that makes her require a walker to get around, she said Spirit was trained on exactly what to do. 'I sent her in to tap help,' she said of her Golden Retriever mix. With the push or 'tap' of a button, Ms Davidson said: 'She activated the phone I have for her.' Ms Davidson says she's had Spirit since she was a puppy, having been trained by Florida group Dogs for Life who offers assistance dogs as well as pet therapy. Dialing: This is the life-saving phone used by the trained dogs, including this small pug left, to call 911 with the press of the white button . Care givers: The non-profit group Dogs for Life trains dogs of all breeds to care for their disabled owners like this pug whose owner suffers PTSD . At the ready: The dogs are also trained to alert their owners when someone is at their door, a phone rings, or a smoke detector goes off, among other things like in Ms Davidson's case, picking things up . The non-profits dogs can help from anyone suffering physical disabilities to post traumatic stress disorder. These heroes can also be made out of nearly any dog, with one rescued pug, previously featured by CNN, serving as one to a retired military police officer who suffers PTSD. 'If I’m out in like Walmart or somewhere I give her a go out command and she'll actually circle around me to keep the people three and four feet away from me,' owner James Taylor said of his tiny dog. The dogs are also trained to alert their owners when someone is at their door, a phone rings, or a smoke detector goes off, among other things like in Ms Davidsons' much needed case of picking things up. 'In my estimation, yes, she is a hero,' Ms Davidson said of her own champ Spirit whom she says she’s raised from a puppy, dually serving as a faithful companion in her own life. Watch the video here: . Unfortunately your browser does not support IFrames.
highlights: Dorothy Davidson says after falling and being unable to reach a phone her dog Spirit called for help . Using a special one-button phone Spirit was able to dial 911 . Spirit is just one of many dogs trained to assist including a pug for a former military police officer suffering PTSD .
id: 95ca2fe6c4224d5520804788ae025ed987b264de
chatgpt: In a heartwarming display of loyalty and intelligence, a dog saved his owner's life by dialing emergency services after she fell and couldn't reach the phone. According to reports, Dorothy Davidson was home alone when she fell and couldn't reach her phone to call for help. But her pet dog, Spirit, took matters into his own paws and dialed 911 using a specially-designed one-button phone. Thanks to Spirit's quick thinking, Dorothy was able to receive medical attention promptly and was saved from what could have been a tragic situation. This isn't the first time that a dog has demonstrated remarkable abilities to assist and protect humans in times of need. In fact, there are many trained dogs who are helping people in various ways, from assisting those with disabilities to protecting soldiers who have returned home with PTSD. One such example is a pug who is helping a former military police officer who is suffering from PTSD. This small dog has been trained to detect signs of emotional distress and anxiety in its owner and can provide comfort and emotional support when needed. This is just one example of the ways in which dogs can help people suffering from mental health conditions. The use of specially-trained assistance dogs is becoming increasingly popular as people recognize the many benefits that these animals can provide. Dogs are famously loyal and affectionate animals, and they have been used for centuries to help people in a variety of ways. From guiding the blind to detecting diseases like cancer, dogs are proving to be invaluable companions and assistants in so many different areas of our lives. In addition to being trained to assist people with certain disabilities or medical conditions, dogs are also being used more and more to help people in emergency situations. Search and rescue dogs are trained to assist in locating missing persons, while police dogs are trained to detect drugs, weapons, and other contraband. These highly-trained animals are an essential part of many emergency response teams and have saved countless lives over the years. While not all dogs are suitable for training as assistance animals, those that are make a real difference in the lives of their owners. For Dorothy Davidson, her faithful companion Spirit was able to provide her with a lifeline in her time of need. It's stories like this that remind us of the many ways in which animals can enrich our lives and even save us in times of crisis.  In conclusion, the story of Dorothy Davidson and her heroic dog Spirit serves as a reminder of the important role that dogs can play in our lives. Whether they are trained to assist us in a medical or emergency situation, or simply provide us with companionship and love, these animals are an invaluable part of the human experience. As more and more people recognize this, the popularity of assistance dogs is likely to continue to grow, helping ever more individuals in need.