article: Cheerleaders for the  Patriots will soon bring a whole lot of pep to Glendale, Arizona for Super Bowl XLIX -- and at least one of them will also bring along a while lot of brains. Kelly Bennion is in her second year showing off her high kicks, dance moves and gorgeous smile on the sidelines for New England. The Harvard educated 26-year-old is also nearly four years into a doctorate in neuroscience at Boston College. All Pats cheerleaders must work full- or part-time or be students to make it onto the squad, but is it possible Bennion will the smartest person at University of Phoenix Stadium on Sunday? Scroll down for video . Smartest person at the Super Bowl? Kelly Bennion (left) is in her second season as a New England Patriots cheerleader. She's also pursuing a doctorate in neuroscience . Big brain: The 26-year-old Arizona native has a graduate degree from Harvard and is pursuing a Phd from Boston College . Not necessarily, Bennion explains to Philly.com. The Arizona native is part of a group called Science Cheerleaders, a 250-strong group of current and former cheerleaders who've set out to prove the stereotypes wrong. 'It works to combat the negative stereotype that they’re only pretty faces. It shows that cheerleaders are very hard-working and are pursuing advanced educations in engineering, math, biology and other great things,' she said. Bennion has bachelor's degrees in psychology and Spanish and a Harvard master's degree in education. Now at Boston College, Bennion is pursuing a PhD in cognitive neuroscience. To be on the squad, Pats cheerleaders must work full- or part-time or be in school like Bennion . While cheering for the Patriots pays a stipend, she says, Bennion also works teaching undergraduates teaching psychology. Her busy academic schedule makes cheering an escape, in away. 'It’s what I do to release stress. I also love seeing the other girls on the team because they’re my best friends,' she told Philly.com. 'It’s also great because we do workouts at every practice. So instead of going to the gym, I go to the stadium.' Two seasons in to her time with the Pats, Bennion couldn't be happier that her team is playing on her home turf. 'It makes it incredibly meaningful. We’re staying 30 minutes from my family’s house and the University of Phoenix stadium is about an hour from there. Being at my home stadium is very special,' she gushed. Bennion is a member of Science Cheerleaders, a 250-strong group of current and former cheerleaders who've set out to prove wrong the stereotype that beauty and brains can't come hand-in-hand . Bennion is on her second season with the Patriots but this Sunday will be her first Super Bowl .
highlights: Kelly Bennion, 26, will be dancing for the Patriots on Sunday but she's also a doctorate in cognitive neuroscience . The Arizona native is a member of the Science Cheerleaders, which she says helps combative the stereotypes that they're just pretty faces . All Pats cheerleaders work full- or part-time or are students like Bennion, who also teaches at Boston College .
id: 169b893050549018d13d1e9985d63fece28da3a2
chatgpt: As the New England Patriots take on the Los Angeles Rams in Super Bowl LIII, one Patriots cheerleader will be going above and beyond to showcase her multidimensional talents. Meet Kelly Bennion, a 26-year-old member of the Science Cheerleaders who will be cheering on the Patriots come Sunday. But Bennion's talents stretch far beyond the football field. She is a doctorate in cognitive neuroscience who also teaches at Boston College. Her involvement with the Science Cheerleaders, a group of cheerleaders who are also scientists, helps to combat the stereotype that cheerleaders are just pretty faces. "I feel like being a cheerleader and a scientist, they're not mutually exclusive things," Bennion told ABC News. "You can be a cheerleader and you can be smart and you can like math and you can like science. I think it's really important for young girls to see that it's not an all-or-nothing thing." Bennion, who is originally from Arizona, became a Science Cheerleader during her time as a cheerleader for the Arizona Cardinals. The Science Cheerleaders use their platform as athletes to promote STEM education and encourage young girls to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. "All of us have really different scientific backgrounds," Bennion explained. "We have a biologist, we have some engineers, we have a physicist. We really want to show the diversity of people that can be involved in science." When she's not cheering on the Patriots or promoting STEM education, Bennion can be found teaching undergraduate courses in neuroscience at Boston College. She hopes to continue spreading the message that women can be both intelligent and athletic. "I think it's really important for young girls to see that women can be strong and powerful and they can also be educated and intelligent," Bennion said. "I think that's something that's missing in our society right now." Bennion is just one of many Patriots cheerleaders who balances a full- or part-time job or studies with cheerleading. The team's website lists the various professions of each cheerleader, which include a nurse, a marketing coordinator, a financial analyst, and a student studying pre-med. Despite their busy schedules, the cheerleaders make time for community service and charity work. The Patriots cheerleaders have raised over $350,000 for charities in New England, according to the team's website. As the Patriots take the field on Sunday, Bennion and her fellow cheerleaders will be cheering them on, showing that they're not just pretty faces, but also intelligent, hardworking women who are making a positive impact both on and off the field.