article: Ashley Young has history for diving and the way he fell to try and win a penalty won’t help his reputation. There were two possible penalty incidents in close succession and Martin Atkinson called both correctly. The first came as Robin van Persie burst into the penalty area only to be thwarted by a well-timed last-ditch Santiago Vergini tackle, which took the ball cleanly. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Louis van Gaal: Ashley Young did not dive . Down goes Robin: Van Persie tumbled in the Sunderland penalty area after being dispossessed by Vergini . 61 MINS 28 SECS . Van Persie goes down between Cattermole and Vergini, who touched the ball. VERDICT: PERFECT TACKLE . 61 MINS 33 SECS . Young edges the ball past Brown, but drags his right foot against the defender. VERDICT: HE DIVED . Round two: Seconds later Young tried to con the referee into awarding a spot-kick after an incident with Brown . Flop: The some-time England international throws himself into the air to try to coax a penalty out of Atkinson . As the ball broke free, Young took his chance by clipping the ball and then throwing himself theatrically to ground attempting to draw contact from Wes Brown. Atkinson saw it correctly and rightly cautioned Young. 1. England v Montenegro (October 2010) Young was booked and denied a penalty after he claimed to be fouled twice during England’s Euro 2012 qualifier. 2. Man Utd v QPR (April 2012) Perhaps Young’s most theatrical tumble. The United man won his side a penalty when he flew through the air after minimal contact with Shaun Derry. 3. Man Utd v Aston Villa (April 2012) Young’s penalty-winning clash with Ciaran Clark even prompted Sir Alex Ferguson to admit he ‘overdid’ the fall. 4. Man Utd v Crystal Palace (September 2013) David Moyes promises to reprimand the winger after admitting he tried to con the referee to give a penalty. 5. Real Sociedad v Man Utd (October 2013) Young wins a penalty after a theatric reaction to a slight pull. ITV pundit Roy Keane said: “Young has gone down too much in last few months”.
highlights: Young went to ground far too easily during the match against Sunderland . Atkinson did well to spot the midfielder had left his trailing leg out as he pushed the ball past Wes Brown in the penalty area at the Stadium of Light . Seconds beforehand Robin van Persie appealed for a penalty after being dispossessed inside the Sunderland box by Santiago Vergini . Neither were given, as Atkinson got both the decisions spot on . The game finished 1-1 after Juan Mata's close-range finish for United was cancelled out by a Jack Rodwell header shortly before half-time .
id: 0e90fd92b8519fc9206d1956da7e17b3c1ef62af
chatgpt: Manchester United midfielder Ashley Young has come under fire for his diving antics during their Premier League match against Sunderland on Sunday. The 28-year-old was accused of going to ground too easily by pundits and fans alike. However, referee Martin Atkinson did make the correct call after spotting that Young had left his trailing leg out as he pushed the ball past Wes Brown in the penalty area at the Stadium of Light. Young's diving had already caused controversy in the match. Just seconds earlier, Manchester United striker Robin van Persie had appealed for a penalty after being dispossessed inside the Sunderland box by Santiago Vergini. Once again, Atkinson made the right call by refusing to award a penalty to the Dutchman. Despite the controversy, the game finished 1-1 after Juan Mata's close-range finish for United was cancelled out by a Jack Rodwell header shortly before half-time. Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal praised Atkinson's officiating after the match. "He got both the decisions spot on. That's the important thing." However, Young's diving has become a growing concern in English football. Former Manchester United defender Phil Neville said, "He's not doing himself any favours. He's a top player and he doesn't need to do it." While former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson added, "It's too easy for players to go down nowadays. We need to start educating them that it's not the right thing to do." Young has been accused of diving in previous matches, including United's recent defeat to Swansea City. The winger was criticised for going to ground too easily after a challenge from Kyle Naughton resulted in a penalty for United. The controversy has raised questions over the use of video technology in football to help referees make the correct decisions. The introduction of video replays has been trialed in other sports such as rugby and cricket, with some pundits and fans calling for it to be introduced into football as well. In conclusion, Ashley Young's diving antics continue to divide opinion in English football. While referee Martin Atkinson made the right call on Sunday, there are growing concerns that players are going to ground too easily. The controversy has sparked a debate over the use of video technology in football and whether it is time for it to be introduced to the Premier League.