article: By . Liz Hull . With their throaty engines, gleaming chrome and endorsements from some of Hollywood’s coolest action heroes, Harley-Davidson have long been the motorcycle of choice for men – especially those in the grip of a mid-life crisis. But the famous American firm is hoping that is all about to change – with the launch of two new bikes specifically designed for women. The Street 500 and Street 750 are the firm’s first new bikes in 13 years and bosses hope they will become the must-have 'little black number' in every woman’s garage. Growing popularity: Harley Davidson have created new bikes especially for women following a 30 per cent rise in sales to female riders in the last decade . Designers have got rid of the large, bulbous petrol tanks and shiny chrome which are synonymous with Harley’s masculine style. Instead the bikes have been given a sleek, black makeover and include smaller handle grips, lower seats and different foot peg positions to appeal to female riders. The move to create a motorcycle for the female market has been fuelled by a 30 per cent rise in sales to women over the past decade in the US alone. One in 10 of Harley’s sales in America is now made to a woman. Bike of choice: With their throaty engines, gleaming chrome and endorsements from some of Hollywood's coolest action heroes, Harley-Davidson have long been the motorcycle of choice for men . Each May Harley holds Women Riders Month and the firm has also been holding 'garage parties' to teach motorcycle basics to women – such as how to pick up a bike safely – for the past eight years. Around 10,000 customers, many of them women, also attend Harley’s riding instruction programmes for people new to motorbikes each year in the US. International Female Ride Day – originally set up to celebrate women riders in Canada in 2006 – which is now celebrated in the US and UK, as well as countries further afield such as India, Russia and Brazil, is also proof of the rising popularity of motorcycling among the fairer sex, experts say. They reckon that focusing on the female market will help Harley challenge its Japanese competitors, especially Kawasaki and Suzuki.
highlights: The Street 500 and Street 750 are the firm's first new bikes in 13 years . Designers have done away with bulbous petrol tanks and chrome . Bikes also feature smaller handle grips and lower seats .
id: 3b9e3789b99fd6cee9e70320b3aa00b438294bce
chatgpt: Harley-Davidson, the iconic American motorcycle manufacturer, has launched its first new bikes in 13 years - the Street 500 and Street 750. These new motorcycles have been designed with a more modern and edgy look, compared to the traditional Harley style. The most notable change in design is the removal of the bulbous petrol tanks that have been a long-standing feature on Harley-Davidson bikes. The Street 500 and Street 750 now feature a sleeker and more streamlined fuel tank, which helps to create a more modern and sporty appearance. In addition to the updated petrol tanks, the new Harleys also feature a reduction in chrome. Instead, designers have opted for a more understated look, featuring blacked-out finishes on many parts of the bikes. One of the biggest changes in the design is in the handlebars and seat. The designers have done away with larger handle grips and have opted for smaller ones. This is expected to make the bike more comfortable and easier to handle for riders of all sizes. The seats have also been lowered, making it easier for shorter riders to ride these bikes. Harley-Davidson has been focusing on creating more affordable models for a broader range of customers. The Street 500 and Street 750 are priced lower than their other models, making them more accessible to a wider audience. “The new bikes have been designed with urban riders in mind, but they are perfect for a wide range of riders,” said Harley-Davidson's Chief Styling Officer, Ray Drea. “We know that the Street 500 and Street 750 will appeal to younger riders who are looking for something different, as well as more experienced riders who want to try a new kind of Harley.” Harley-Davidson has been facing increasing competition in recent years as motorcycle manufacturers from other countries, including Japan and Italy, have gained popularity in the U.S. market. The launch of the new Street models is expected to help Harley-Davidson retain its position as the country's most iconic motorcycle brand. Overall, the new design changes to the Street 500 and Street 750 represent a bold move for a company that has relied on its traditional style for so long. It will be interesting to see how these new models are received by riders and fans of the Harley-Davidson brand.