article: Police in New Zealand have been inundated with phone calls after the arrest of a hostel owner accused of sexually assaulting sixteen men. Detective Senior Sergeant Rhys Johnston said police had also received about 20 emails overnight from around the world from potential victims and those with information, and that the number was continuing to grow. Police made an official appeal on Wednesday to overseas tourists - possibly including Australians - who stayed at a backpackers’ lodge and suspect 'something happened to them there' to come forward with their stories. The 56-year-old New Zealand man who ran the backpackers' lodge appeared in court on Wednesday facing dozens of indecent assault charges involving 16 young men who were said to have been drugged. Police in New Zealand have been inundated with phone calls after the arrest of Michael Harris (above) who is accused of sexually assaulting sixteen men. Harris, who appeared in the Kaitaia District Court on Wednesday, was charged with almost 40 offences, including aggravated wounding related to allegedly drugging his victims to facilitate indecent assault and making intimate visual recordings. He was also charged of possession of intimate visual recordings and indecent assault and was remanded in custody to appear at the court again on September 18. The New Zealand Herald reported police said many of the victims are believed to have stayed temporarily in the main dwelling of the Main Street Lodge over the past two and a half years. The men were mainly overseas tourists aged between 18 and 25. The premises offers general backpacking facilities, hotel units and, on occasions, longer term accommodation in the owner’s residence. Asking backpackers to come forward, police said they were continuing their investigations. ‘It is very important for us to speak to anybody who has stayed in the owner’s residence over the last two and a half years,’ said Detective Senior Sergeant Rhys Johnson. ‘These victims are unlikely to know that something has happened to them, although they may have suspicions,’ the Herald quoted him as saying. Victims are believed to have stayed temporarily in the main dwelling of the Main Street Lodge over the past two and a half years . Police allege the 54-year-old drugged the men from overseas countries - possibly including those from Australia . ‘We will deal sensitively with them and offer all appropriate support required. ‘This is an ongoing investigation and we have a lot of work ahead to assess evidence and establish if there are further victims we are not yet aware of.’ To help potential victims contact the investigation team, police have set up an email address. Backpackers who believe they might have been indecently assaulted are asked to contact this email address: operations@police.govt.nz .
highlights: Police say there have received a spate of calls since making an appeal on Wednesday . They say they have also received 20 emails from around the world . Police say some of the calls are from potential victims, others are providing information . Alleged assaults were carried out in Kaitaia on New Zealand's North Island . Michael Harris, 56, appeared in the town's district court on Wednesday . The hostel owner was charged with almost 50 counts of indecent assault . It is alleged 16 men were involved and it is thought they were drugged . Police believe there are more victims and are appealing for them to come forward .
id: 543f3b13c66d490337c7e3c196ec3f435999ee7a
chatgpt: Kaitaia, New Zealand - Police in Kaitaia, North Island are urging more victims to come forward in relation to the alleged indecent assault carried out by hostel owner Michael Harris. Since making an appeal on Wednesday, police have received a spate of calls and 20 emails from around the world.  Mr. Harris appeared in the town’s district court on Wednesday and was charged with almost 50 counts of indecent assault. It is alleged that 16 men were involved and were drugged before the assaults were carried out. Police say that some of the calls they have received are from potential victims, while others are providing crucial information that may be used in the investigation. They believe that there may be more victims out there and are urging them to come forward. The alleged assaults have sent shock waves through the small community of Kaitaia, with many expressing their disbelief at the charges laid against Mr. Harris. He was well-known in the community and had even received recognition from local authorities for his work in providing accommodation to travelers. Despite this, police say that they will not hesitate to pursue any allegations of wrongdoing, no matter how popular the accused may be in the community. They have also urged anyone with information to come forward, stating that all information received will be treated with the utmost confidentiality. The case has also attracted international attention, with people from around the world reaching out to police with information. This has been hailed as a positive development by authorities, who say that it highlights the importance of communication and cooperation in such investigations. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the investigation will be, but police have made it clear that they will leave no stone unturned in their pursuit of justice. Meanwhile, the alleged victims will be offered the support they need during this difficult time, as they come to terms with their experiences and take steps to move forward. The community of Kaitaia has also rallied around the victims, with many expressing their support for those affected by these terrible allegations.