article: (CNN) -- A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle just outside the capital of Sanaa killed six suspected al-Qaeda militants Wednesday night, three Yemeni Defense Ministry officials told CNN. The strike took place in Al-Masna'a village of Khawlan district, 35 kilometers southeast of the capital. Three of the killed were senior members of al Qaeda, two of whom were Saudi nationals, the officials said. Security teams were deployed to the scene, one of the officials said. "Yemen needs stability and these militants must be killed if Yemen has a chance to stabilize, " said a Defense Ministry official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media. He said that more strikes will continue and that al Qaeda is living its weakest days in Yemen. "The militants know that no place in Yemen is safe for them anymore, even in areas close to the capital Sana'a," he added. The United States views Yemen as being on the front line of the war on al Qaeda. Yemen is adjacent to Saudi Arabia, and chaos in Yemen could disrupt oil supplies and upset world energy markets. Eyewitnesses told CNN that three missiles were used in the attack after the first missed its target. Flames from the attack burned for more than an hour. Khawlan is one of the most lawless areas in the country and al Qaeda uses it as a traveling route to numerous parts of the country, local tribal leaders said. "There is no government presence in many parts of Khawlan. No security forces, checkpoints, military presence or police stations," said Ahmed Obad al-Shuraif, a top tribal chief in Khawlan. The attack was the 8th reported by a U.S. drone over in the last four days in Yemen, the Defense Ministry officials said. When Yemen's 2011 uprising led to the al Qaeda invasion of Abyan -- the southern province of Yemen -- Washington was quick to call on newly elected President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi to set his house in order and address militarily the threat posed by al-Qaeda in the country. But drone strikes missed targets on a couple of occasions, resulting in civilian casualties and strong criticism from the Yemeni government. The latest string of criticism came from Human Rights Minister Hooria Mashour, who said that due to civilian deaths she was in favor of changing the anti-terrorism strategy. "All we are calling for is justice and reliance on international regulations with regard to human rights and to be true to our commitment to our citizens in that they all deserve a fair trial," Mashour said.
highlights: Drone strike hits vehicle . Six suspected militants are killed, officials say . Attack occurred in area believed used by al Qaeda .
id: cb0f011dac9bceb6bed14b2d6bcc9618a2ba81e3
chatgpt: A drone strike conducted in the early hours of the morning has resulted in the deaths of six suspected militants in a remote area believed to be used by al Qaeda. Officials have confirmed that the attack targeted a moving vehicle, which was believed to be transporting the militants to a secret location. The strike was successfully carried out, causing significant damage to the vehicle and killing all those who were inside. According to local sources, the attack occurred in the province of Hadramout, which is located in the southeastern part of Yemen. The area is known to be one of the strongholds of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), a militant group that has been responsible for a number of attacks in the region. Officials have stated that the attack was part of an ongoing operation to target the group's leadership and disrupt its activities. The use of drones in targeted operations has become increasingly common in Yemen, where the government has struggled to maintain control over large parts of the country. The technology has allowed officials to strike at militants in remote areas without putting troops on the ground, reducing the risk of casualties and allowing for more precise targeting. However, the use of drones has also come under criticism from human rights organizations, who argue that the strikes often result in civilian casualties and violate international law. Officials in Yemen have denied these allegations, stating that all targets are carefully selected and only struck when there is no other viable option. The attack comes at a time of increased tension in the region, with Yemen still facing a number of security challenges despite recent gains against militant groups. The country remains deeply unstable, with a Saudi-led coalition waging war against Houthi rebels in the north and east. The use of drones has been a key part of the coalition's efforts to combat the Houthis, with the technology being used to target rebel leaders and infrastructure. However, the strikes have also resulted in civilian casualties, with human rights groups calling for an end to the use of the drones in the conflict. Despite these concerns, officials in Yemen and the United States have defended the use of drones as an effective tool in the fight against militants. They argue that the technology has been instrumental in disrupting the operations of groups like AQAP and preventing attacks against civilian targets. The latest drone strike is likely to intensify debate over the use of the technology in Yemen and other conflict zones. As officials continue to grapple with the security challenges facing the country, the role of drones in combating militant groups is likely to remain a contentious issue for some time to come.