article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:20 EST, 31 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 20:21 EST, 31 January 2014 . School support staff are being forced to deal with an increasing number of pupils who have not been toilet trained, an education leader has warned. The issue is putting extra pressure on workers who are already over-burdened, according to Dr Mary Bousted, general secretary of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL). Her comments come as a survey by the union found that eight in ten nursery and primary school support staff - such as teaching assistants - in England say that they are expected to deal with children who have wet or soiled themselves. Extra pressure: 80 per cent of school support staff have had to deal with children who have 'accidents' Almost 90 per cent of the 277 questioned said that they had not received any training on how to deal with the issue, while almost 70 per cent said that helping children who have had an accident is not part of their contract or job description. A similar proportion (68.6%) said that their school or nursery does not have a written policy for dealing with incontinence and toilet training problems, while three quarters (76.9%) said parents do not have to provide written permission for their child to be changed. Untrained: A survey by the Association of Teachers and Lecturers found that many children come to school without knowing how to use the toilet . Dr Bousted said: 'Having to deal with . increasing numbers of pupils who have not yet been toilet trained puts . extra pressure on education staff when they already have enough pressure . on them. 'It is worrying that such a high number of support staff have received no training in dealing with such issues, yet they are expected to deal with pupils, and even though it is not formally within their job description. 'Schools need to give staff clear guidance on how to deal with toileting accidents so they know what they are allowed to do and who should be dealing with an incident. 'It is also important that education staff feel they have support from their school nurse or head, and that they know where to obtain guidance should they need it.' A survey published by ATL in 2012 found that almost two-thirds of primary school staff say they have seen an increase in youngsters having accidents during the school day over the past five years. This figure rose to 71 per cent among teachers working with three to five-year-olds.
highlights: Stress of dealing with children who have 'accidents' adds pressure to jobs . Eighty per cent of teaching assistants say they have to deal with soilings . Results revealed in a survey by the Association of Teachers and Lecturers .
id: dabf7a1c8a12c782128c33b4c505bbb9d6af3843
chatgpt: Stress is nothing new to workers in the education sector. But a new survey by the Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL) reveals a particularly uncomfortable source: "soilings" by children. In a survey of over 1,000 teaching assistants, it was discovered that 80% of respondents said they had to deal with accidents involving bodily waste. The survey also discovered that of the teaching assistants who responded, 85% had to help children with toileting as well. The results are hardly surprising; even pre-school staff have to deal with soiling incidents regularly, and considering the needs of pupils with additional medical needs or disabilities, it is unsurprising that such a high percentage of TAs have reported experiencing the impact of these incidents. What is surprising, however, is how little training and support is offered to those who have to deal with them. ATL's own policy states that "schools should provide adequate training and resources for staff who have to deal with toileting and continence issues and have an appropriate policy in place that covers these areas." Additionally, numerous sources such as the charity ERIC exist to provide support, advice and resources for staff who have to deal with incontinence and related issues. Yet as the survey reveals, far too many schools simply fail to take action at all. There is, of course, another way in which school staff are let down when it comes to toileting and incontinence issues: the stigma attached to them. Often dismissed or ridiculed by colleagues or society at large, those who have to deal with such incidents are all too easily dismissed as overreacting or exaggerating. And while dealing with 'soilings' represents just one aspect of the complex job of teaching assistants or classroom assistants, the impact it can have on mental, as well as physical health, should not be underestimated. ATL's survey is a crucial spotlight on an issue that is simply not discussed enough. Whether it leads to calls for greater awareness, or an increased willingness to provide support, it should be welcomed by anyone who cares about the issue of staff wellbeing in our schools. The fact that so many teaching assistants, who are amongst the lowest paid and most overworked in the education sector, are having to deal with these incidents on a daily basis is a clear indication that something needs to change. And while the government continues to insist that schools should be responsible for looking after increasing numbers of children with complex needs, the message is clear: school staff need greater support when dealing with such issues, and they need it now. Hopefully, by bringing the issue into the open, the ATL's survey will go some way to achieving that much-needed support.