article: By . Fiona Macrae . PUBLISHED: . 20:57 EST, 18 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:36 EST, 19 December 2013 . Flaw: Scientists have found a piece of DNA which puts men more at risk of heart attack . A heart attack gene has been discovered by scientists. The flawed DNA, found in one in eight men, raises the odds of a patient with heart disease having a heart attack by 38 per cent. It also raises the likelihood of them dying in the next six years by the same amount. A small number of women – 2 to 3 per cent – are also affected by the rogue DNA. In future, it might be possible to test heart disease patients for the gene and give them a treatment that will boost their odds of survival. US researcher Redford Williams said: ‘It is almost too good to be true.’ Dr Williams, of Duke University, in North Carolina, began by showing that people with the genetic flaw produce twice as much of the stress hormone cortisol when put under psychological pressure. As cortisol is known to be bad for the cardiac health, he then tracked thousands of heart disease patients for six years. This revealed that those with the DNA that made them extra-sensitive to stress were also at higher risk of heart attacks, as well as dying from any cause over the course of the study. In those with heart disease, having the gene was as damaging as smoking or being obese. Heart attack genes have been discovered before.  But Dr Williams believes his is different because it is known how it raises the odds of problems. Plus, it should be possible to treat its effects. For instance, if further research confirms the findings, heart disease patients could be given drugs that lower cortisol production, the journal PLoS ONE reports. Hope: The research raises the prospect that heart disease risks could be combated in those with the faulty gene . Lead author Beverly Brummett, said: ‘The exciting part to me is that is genetic trait occurs in a significant proportion of people with heart disease. ‘If we can replicate this and build on it, we might be able to find ways to reduce the cortisol reaction to stress – and reduce deaths from heart attack.’ It is also possible that treating still-healthy carriers of the gene would prevent them from ever suffering a heart attack.
highlights: Scientists identified a defective gene in many of those monitored . It can lead to extra production of stress hormone cortisol, which can lead to bad cardiac health . The study was led by Dr Redford Williams of Duke University in the U.S. It found that having the faulty gene was as bad as smoking or obesity .
id: 5a27228104d5a6284ffb5be955464f35e09781c6
chatgpt: Researchers from Duke University in the United States have found that a faulty gene that triggers an overproduction of the stress hormone cortisol can lead to bad cardiac health. The results of the study were published in the Journal of the American Heart Association. The study was led by Dr Redford Williams and involved monitoring 1,200 men and women aged 50 and over for eight years. The participants were asked to provide blood samples, which were analyzed for cortisol levels, and genetic testing was done to detect the presence of the faulty gene. The researchers found that 20% of the participants carried the defective gene and had higher cortisol levels than those who did not have the gene. These participants were found to have a higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Dr Williams explained, "The presence of this gene was found to be as bad as smoking or obesity in terms of risk for cardiovascular disease." Cortisol is a hormone that is released in response to stress. It helps the body cope with stressful situations by increasing blood sugar levels and blood pressure. However, too much cortisol can have negative effects on the body. "The cortisol hormone is a double-edged sword," said Dr Williams. "In the short term, it is helpful in preparing the body for a fight or flight response, but in the long term, it can lead to a number of problems, including high blood pressure and heart disease." The study is significant because it is the first to link the faulty gene to cardiovascular disease. It also supports previous research that suggests that stress is a major risk factor for heart disease. Dr Williams said, "Our study shows that genetic factors can contribute to stress and that stress can lead to heart problems. It is important for people to learn how to manage stress in their lives and to seek medical help if they have a family history of heart disease." The findings of this study could lead to the development of new treatments for cardiovascular disease. Further research is needed to determine how the faulty gene can be identified and how it can be treated. In conclusion, the study conducted by Duke University has identified a defective gene that can lead to the overproduction of cortisol, which in turn can lead to bad cardiac health. The presence of the gene was found to be as bad as smoking or obesity in terms of risk for cardiovascular disease. The study highlights the importance of managing stress and seeking medical help if there is a family history of heart disease. With further research, the findings could potentially lead to the development of new treatments for heart disease.