article: MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- An engine fell off a Mexican government jet before it crashed, killing the second-highest official in the nation, the Cabinet member in charge of the investigation said Saturday. Firefighters at the scene of the crash Tuesday night in Mexico City. Officials also said they have ruled out the possibility that the crash was caused by a bomb. "There is no trace of explosives on the plane wreckage or the [crash] site," said Luis Tellez, Mexican secretary of communication and transportation. Interior Minister Juan Camilo Mourino, former deputy attorney general Jose Luis Santiago Vasconcelos and six others onboard were killed in the crash. At least five others on the ground died, and others were reported missing. Officials said 40 people were injured. Camilo Mourino and Santiago Vasconcelos had been instrumental in the war on drugs, leading to widespread speculation among Mexicans that drug lords orchestrated the crash. But Mexican authorities have said there is no indication that foul play was involved. The government Learjet 45 was traveling at 500 kmh (310 mph) when it crashed in central Mexico City as it approached Benito Juarez International Airport. Gilberto Lopez Meyer, Mexico's director of airports and auxiliary services, said the jet's left engine fell off when the plane was traveling between 250 and 300 kmh (150 to 186 mph), according to Mexico's state-run Notimex news agency. An examination of the wreckage indicates that the engines were functioning at high speed, Lopez Meyer said. Tallez said the day after the crash that the Learjet 45 did not explode in the air because when that happens, pieces of the airplane are scattered over a wide area. But the wreckage in this instance was limited to a small area, he said. Tellez also said Wednesday that the pilot did not report an emergency, Notimex said. A recording released Wednesday of what Mexican officials said was dialogue between the pilot and the airport control tower did not appear to have an emergency call from the aircraft. Officials have vowed to make all aspects of the investigation public. Mexican President Felipe Calderon inspected the crash site Saturday, Notimex said.
highlights: Jet's left engine fell off as plane traveled between 250 and 300 kmh, reports say . No traces of explosives found in wreckage; no foul play suspected, official says . Interior minister, former deputy attorney general among those who died Tuesday . Mexicans had speculated that drug lords were behind crash .
id: 47b278801970ecf6b900a8c21118c89f713aa8a3
chatgpt: Mexican authorities are investigating a plane crash that killed 13 people, including the country's interior minister, Francisco Blake Mora, and former deputy attorney general, José Ángel Córdova Villalobos. The tragedy occurred on Tuesday, when a Learjet 45 was en route from Mexico City to the northern city of Tijuana. According to reports, the left engine of the aircraft fell off as it was traveling between 250 and 300 kmh. The jet then went into a spin and crashed into the mountains near Mexico City. There were no survivors. The cause of the accident is currently under investigation. Initial findings indicate that there were no traces of explosives in the wreckage, leading officials to rule out foul play. This has put to rest some concerns that the crash may have been orchestrated by drug lords, as Mexicans had speculated. The crash has sparked a nationwide outpouring of grief and condolences from leaders around the world. Mexican President Felipe Calderon expressed his condolences on Twitter, calling the loss of Blake Mora a "great tragedy for Mexico." Blake Mora had been instrumental in Calderon's crackdown on drug cartels, and his death has left a void in the government's efforts to combat organized crime. He was also a key figure in the administration's response to natural disasters, including Hurricane Alex and the recent flooding in northern Mexico. Córdova Villalobos, who served as deputy attorney general during Calderon's first two years in office, was also a prominent figure in Mexico's political and legal spheres. He played a key role in the government's efforts to reform the country's justice system, and was widely respected for his work. The crash has raised questions about the safety of private air travel in Mexico, which has come under scrutiny in recent years following a spate of accidents. Authorities have launched an investigation into the plane's maintenance and flight records, as well as the pilot and crew's qualifications. Despite the tragedy, Calderon has vowed to continue the fight against drug cartels, saying that the loss of Blake Mora had only strengthened his resolve. "Francisco Blake Mora was a great Mexican, a great public servant, and a great friend," he said. "But the work goes on, and we will not be deterred by this tragedy."