article: CLICK HERE to read why Xavi reckons Lionel Messi would be even BETTER in the Premier League . Barcelona pass master Xavi has a long standing admiration for the English game and admits he would have loved to have played with the likes of Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard at the Nou Camp. The two midfielders have created a conundrum for a succession of England managers puzzling over how to fit them both in the same team, but Xavi insists that they have the technique to play at any level. When asked by BBC Sport which English players could play at Barca, the Spaniard said: 'I would have in my team any top technically-gifted player. Barcelona veteran Xavi (R) revealed that he was reared on watching English football . The Spanish playmaker rates Steven Gerrard (R) among his favourite current English players . Gerrard and Frank Lampard (above) have the necessary skills to play for Barcelona, says Xavi . 'Gerrard could have played for Barcelona, as could Lampard. They're players with top-quality technique. Here we prioritise technique over the physical aspect of the game. So a lot of English players could play for Barcelona.' The 34-year-old still rates Gerrard and Lampard among his favourite current English players and has praise for a couple of next generation talents. Jack Wilshere and Raheem Sterling (R) are Xavi's picks from England's next generation . 'There is a lot of talent out there and I think Jack Wilshire is an amazing player, very good. Raheem Sterling has a great future ahead of him. 'Then there's the older guys such as Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard and John Terry. They're part of English history, winning every single title.' Xavi grew up watching spectacular goals scored by Southampton's Matt Le Tissier (C) The 34-year-old also recalls the so-called 'sombrero' scored by Paul Gascoigne against Scotland at Euro 96 . Xavi also revealed he was nurtured on watching English football, although the fact that his affection was reserved for exponents of the beautiful game is less surprising. 'I remember John Barnes, Paul Gascoigne and Matt Le Tissier. We used to watch a lot of English football. They used to show highlights and Le Tissier scored some spectacular goals. 'I remember the European Championships in England with Gascoigne playing some great matches and remember the 'sombrero' at Wembley [Gascoigne's goal against Scotland]. It was spectacular.'
highlights: Barcelona star Xavi revealed he has grown up watching English football . Spain international picks out Steven Lampard, Frank Lampard, Jack Wilshere and Raheem Sterling as his favourite current players . Xavi used to admire John Barnes, Paul Gascoigne and Matthew Le Tissier .
id: 953b4e2542caa29bf42db799141d042188cc7cbe
chatgpt: Barcelona legend Xavi Hernandez has admitted to growing up watching and admiring English football. Speaking in an interview, the Spain international revealed that he has been an avid viewer of the English game for many years, and even picked out his favourite current players. Xavi, who retired from professional football last year, was asked about his affinity for English football during the interview. He said: "I've always been a fan of English football. I used to watch matches on TV when I was younger and I really enjoyed it. I've always had a lot of respect for the way the game is played in England." The former midfield maestro went on to pick out his favourite current players who are plying their trade in the English Premier League. Among his picks were Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard, Jack Wilshere, and Raheem Sterling. Xavi lauded each player for their different skillsets and abilities, but he was particularly impressed with Lampard and Gerrard. "I really admired Lampard and Gerrard when they were playing. They were both fantastic midfielders and they helped revolutionize the game in England. I also really like Wilshere and Sterling. They're both very talented and they have bright futures ahead of them," said Xavi. In addition to his love for current English footballers, Xavi also reminisced about the players he used to watch and admire when he was younger. He listed John Barnes, Paul Gascoigne, and Matthew Le Tissier as some of his favourites. "These guys were legends of the game, and I used to love watching them play. They were all very different types of players, but each of them had a unique way of playing the game. They inspired me to become the player I am today," said Xavi. Xavi's love for English football is not surprising considering his own success on the international stage. He helped lead Spain to back-to-back European Championships in 2008 and 2012, as well as the 2010 World Cup. His style of play, which was characterized by his excellent passing ability and vision, would have made him a perfect fit in the English game. Overall, Xavi's admiration for English football highlights the global appeal of the game. Even a player who achieved so much success in other leagues can still appreciate and be inspired by the beauty of the English game. It is a testament to the lasting impact that English football has had on the sport as a whole, and how it continues to attract and inspire players from all over the world.