article: DOUBLES DELIGHT FOR ENGLAND . Alison Waters and Peter Barker won silver for England in the squash mixed doubles after losing 11-8, 11-10 to Australia’s Rachael Grinham and David Palmer in the final. Earlier, England’s James Willstrop and Daryl Selby secured bronze in the men’s doubles by defeating Scotland’s Harry Leitch and Alan Clyne. The English pair won a closely-fought match 11-9 11-7, during which Selby accidentally swung his racket into Clyne’s face. Double delight: Alison Waters and Peter Barker reach for the same shot against Australia's David Palmer and Rachael Grunham in the mixed doubles gold medal squash match . KIWI'S SHOOT HOODOO . England’s men secured a dramatic bronze in the hockey with a penalty shootout win over New Zealand. Having led 2-1 and 3-2, England were pegged back to 3-3 in regulation time by Simon Child’s equaliser. But Bobby Crutchley’s side held their nerve in the shootout to prevail 4-2 - the second time an England team has beaten New Zealand on penalties in these Games. ........................................................................................................ The BBC toasted excellent viewing figures on Saturday night as 8.4million tuned in between 9.20pm and 9.25pm to watch Usain Bolt help Jamaica to a gold medal in the 4x100metres relay. England’s Tom Daley drew in a fair audience too, as he dived to 10-metre platform victory. More than 1.8m viewers were drawn over to  BBC3 to watch the 20-year-old’s moment  of glory. ..................................................................................................... NETBALL BRONZE IS SNATCHED AWAY . After losing their netball semi-final in the dying seconds a day earlier, England missed out on bronze to the Jamaicans thanks to another poor final quarter. Elsewhere, Australia beat New Zealand 58-40 to claim gold and goal shooter Caitlin Bassett did not seem too concerned about her country finishing a distant second in the medal table. ‘There’s no pressure on us to return to the top of the Commonwealth table,’ the  26-year-old said. Ecstatic: Jamaica's netball team celebrate beating England in their Commonwealth Games bronze match . Usain Bolt, who thrilled the crowd with his lengthy post-relay walkabout on Saturday night was not in attendance at the closing ceremony yesterday. The 27-year-old Jamaican sprinter had already left Glasgow  by the time the ceremony began, due to commitments before his next race - the most notable of which being a special 100metres race at Rio de Janeiro’s Copacabana beach in 10 days’ time.
highlights: Alison Waters and Peter Barker win silver in mixed doubles . England claim bronze in men's hockey after shoutout win over New Zealand . Jamaica beat England to bronze in netball .
id: d5fff23f413e09d39ce1b00d976947a5f13782ac
chatgpt: In a victorious day for England at the Commonwealth Games, Alison Waters and Peter Barker have taken silver in the mixed doubles, whilst the men's hockey team claimed bronze after a thrilling shootout win over New Zealand. Unfortunately, the netball team was defeated by Jamaica, who took home the bronze medal. Alison Waters and Peter Barker faced a tough challenge in the mixed doubles final against Joelle King and Paul Coll from New Zealand, but the English pair put up a valiant fight. Despite a strong performance, they ended up with the silver medal, with New Zealand taking gold after a closely contested match. The men's hockey team also had their share of drama in their match against New Zealand. The game went into a dramatic shootout after a tense 2-2 draw in regulation time. England proved to be the stronger team in the shootout, with goalkeeper George Pinner making important saves to secure the bronze medal for his team. In the netball arena, England faced a resilient Jamaican team who put up a strong performance throughout the game. Despite England’s efforts, they were unable to claw back a lead established by the Jamaicans in the early stages of the game. The final score was 60-55 in favor of Jamaica, meaning England would have to settle for fourth place. The medal success is a testament to England's strength in team sports, with the hockey team showcasing their resilience and the mixed doubles team proving their mettle against tough opponents. Despite the disappointing loss in the netball, the team has shown great determination and skill throughout the competition. Speaking after the mixed doubles final, Alison Waters praised the performance of her opponents and congratulated them on their gold medal. Peter Barker also expressed his pride at winning a silver medal for his country, saying that it was a great achievement for him personally and for the team as a whole. The medal successes have provided a welcome boost for England, as they strive to climb up the overall medal table. With more events still to come, it remains to be seen whether they can continue this winning streak and claim more medals in a variety of sports. Overall, it has been a successful day in the Commonwealth Games for England, with the mixed doubles and men's hockey teams earning bronze and silver medals respectively. Whilst the netball team was unable to secure a medal, they have shown great spirit and determination, and will no doubt be looking to come back stronger in future competitions.