article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 11:48 EST, 21 July 2011 . A baby giraffe born with 'back-to-front' feet has walked unaided for the first time after wearing special customised shoes for more than a year. Hope was born at the Topeka Zoo, Kansas, in July last year with a rare deformity called hyperextended fetlocks - meaning each rear foot was bent forwards. In a pioneering move, zoo vet, Dr Joseph Kamer, fitted the newborn giraffe with fabricated shoes made from plywood. Red shoes on: Hope gets to grips with his boots at the Topeka Zoo, Kansas, soon after being fitted with them . The shoes featured extended heels and . an artificial tendon, which he glued to the bottom of her rear hooves - . the first time the procedure has ever been carried out on a giraffe. The . shoes and casts kept her legs straight and stretched the front tendons . and for almost a year Hope used the customised shoes to walk. Now . enough tension has been created in Hope's rear tendons allowing the . shoes to be removed and the giraffe to walk unaided for the first time. Hope springs up: The giraffe was born wth a rare deformity called hyperextended fetlocks - meaning each rear foot was bent forwards . A spokesman for the zoo said: ‘We were shocked when we first saw Hope. ‘Her . feet were bent in such a way that if she were to stand up it would have . been the equivalent of our feet bent so far forward we would be walking . on our ankles and not our heels. ‘At birth, Hope's front tendons were too tight while the rear tendons in her legs were stretched out too much. ‘The . idea of the shoes was that they could continue to offer some support to . the legs while at the same time allowing her body to begin to use those . legs in a more normal manner. Animal magic: Thanks to the brilliance of zoo vet Dr Joseph Kamer, Hope received treatment that eventually gave her the freedom to roam around with her family . ‘Right from the beginning her mum . Dolly was so supportive. We had to separate Hope from her mum while the . procedure was carried out but she watched over the fence the whole time. ‘It is fantastic to see Hope walking completely normally now. One of her favourite things to do is chase squirrels and birds. 'We . are all very ecstatic that the procedure worked and it looks as though . this sweet little giraffe will live an otherwise normal life.’ Walk this way: Hope is now able to move around without the aid of her special shoes .
highlights: Hope born with rare fetlock deformity in Kansas zoo . Wore casts for a year and can now chase birds .
id: 0b597610973dee5aa84e3a544d7b51580dc87d5f
chatgpt: In a heartwarming tale of perseverance and hope, a young giraffe named Hope has defied the odds and overcome a rare fetlock deformity at the Kansas zoo where she resides. Born with a condition that affected the joints in her hind legs, Hope's prognosis did not look good. Many feared that she would never be able to walk properly, let alone run and play like a normal giraffe. However, thanks to the dedication of her keepers and the wonders of modern veterinary medicine, Hope was fitted with casts that would help straighten out her legs and allow her to gain the necessary strength to walk properly. For over a year, Hope wore the casts day and night, slowly but surely gaining strength and mobility with each passing day. Her progress was closely monitored by her keepers, who were amazed at the determination and spirit that she showed throughout the process. Despite the discomfort and limitations imposed by the casts, Hope remained curious and friendly, often approaching visitors to the zoo and showing off her new mobility. Finally, after over a year of wear and tear, the casts were removed from Hope's legs. To the amazement of her keepers and the delight of visitors, she immediately took to her new freedom with vigor, bounding around her enclosure and even chasing after birds that dared to fly too close to her head! According to her keepers, Hope's success story is a testament to the power of dedication and the importance of providing quality care to all animals, no matter how rare or challenging their conditions may be. Through a combination of cutting-edge veterinary care, expert animal husbandry and the unwavering spirit of Hope herself, this giraffe has proven that anything is possible with hard work and determination. In fact, Hope's recovery has been such a source of inspiration that the zoo has decided to highlight her story as part of their educational and conservation outreach programs. With her wide eyes and lanky, graceful frame, Hope has become an ambassador for giraffes everywhere, showing that these gentle giants deserve our respect and admiration. As for Hope herself, she seems to be reveling in her newfound mobility and freedom, basking in the warmth of the sun and enjoying all the joys that life as a giraffe has to offer. For her keepers and fans alike, Hope is truly a shining example of what can happen when we believe in ourselves and never give up hope.  So, we all must learn from Hope's spirit and try to overcome our obstacles to achieve our goals.