article: Christian Benteke made a scoring return to action after six months out by converting a penalty as Aston Villa’s Under 21 side beat Bolton. The Belgium striker completed 63 minutes in a match for the first time since he ruptured his achilles on April 3. He was named from the start by coach Gordon Cowans with manager Paul Lambert keen to witness his star player in action before Manchester City visit Villa Park on Saturday. Christian Benteke (centre) has returned to first team training after recovering from an achilles injury . Aston Villa boss Paul Lambert is hopeful Benteke can be included in his 18-man squad to face Man City . Benteke made a goalscoring comeback from the spot against Bolton on Monday afternoon . The Belgium forward, who was out for six months, will offer Villa an added presence in the air . Benteke sent Ross Fitzsimons the wrong way from the spot in the 33rd minute to mark his comeback with a goal and then set up Jores Okore for a shot that was saved two minutes after the interval. The 23-year-old was replaced by Thomas Strain just after the hour and could be set for a place in Lambert’s squad for City. Joe Cole boosted his selection chances with a curling effort in the 56th minute to make it 2-0 and Strain added a third seven minutes from time. After the match, Lambert said: 'Christian played for about an hour today (Monday) and we’ re delighted with how he came through the game. It was great to see him back out there and he played well in the time he was on the pitch. 'He scored a goal, which is great for him, and his general play was good, too, considering how long he’s been away from it. 'We’ll see how he feels tomorrow and how he recovers but it was a good, positive step for him today. It will have given him a lift to get out there and play and score a goal and that’s great for him.’ Former Genk striker Benteke was forced to miss out on Belgium's 2014 World Cup campaign . Lambert will be glad to have his top striker back despite their impressive start to the league campaign . Speaking ahead of the defeat by Chelsea at the weekend, the Villa boss said of Benteke: 'He's getting closer. Next week we will see how he is for the Man City game. I'm not saying he'll start, or anything, but he's certainly getting close. 'The injury is totally fine, I'm not worried about that. He's taken a couple of little kicks in training and has come through them. He's an athlete. 'It's just his lack of practice. You've got to watch he doesn't break down after too much too soon. 'Everybody is happy to see him come back. It's been a long road for him after he missed the World Cup. Him coming back has been great. It will give everyone a lift, supporters included.’
highlights: The Villa striker played against Bolton on Monday afternoon . Joe Cole also found the net - boosting his own first team chances . Paul Lambert is hopeful Christian Benteke can be included in his matchday squad to face Manchester City on Saturday . Belgium ace Benteke was forced to miss the 2014 World Cup .
id: 4a7cc61df048ed467c0a18d0190723dc8f1e4ed8
chatgpt: In a strong display against Bolton on Monday afternoon, Aston Villa's striker was on top form. But it wasn't just the main man who caught the eye, as Joe Cole found the net, boosting his first-team chances. The Villa side will be hoping that this form can be carried over into their upcoming match against Manchester City on Saturday. And there is even more reason for optimism, as Paul Lambert is hopeful that Christian Benteke can be included in the matchday squad. Benteke, a Belgian ace, was forced to miss out on the 2014 World Cup due to injury. This was a huge blow for both the player and the national team, as he had been in impressive form for Villa during the 2013/14 season. His absence was clearly felt, as the Belgian side failed to make it out of the group stages. However, Benteke has been on the road to recovery during the summer months, and Villa's manager is hopeful that he can make a return to first-team action very soon. Speaking to the press, Lambert said "Christian's going to be a huge player for us. He's getting ever closer to full fitness, and we'll be seeing him in action soon." The news of Benteke's potential return will no doubt be music to the ears of Villa fans. The striker has proven himself to be a key player for the side, scoring an impressive 49 goals in 101 appearances since he first joined the club. If he is able to make a return in time for the Manchester City game, then his presence could be absolutely crucial. The reigning Premier League champions are renowned for their attacking prowess, and Villa will need all the firepower they can get if they are to get a result against such a strong team. Of course, the main man up front for Villa will still be hoping to make an impact. Against Bolton, he looked sharp and hungry, and it is clear that he has the ability to cause problems for any defence. But to really take the fight to City, Villa will need all of their key players firing on all cylinders. With Benteke looking set to make a return, and players like Joe Cole staking their claim for a place in the starting 11, the signs are looking good for the side. As the match approaches, the excitement among Villa fans is sure to continue to build. It's hard to predict what will happen on the day, but one thing is for sure: with Benteke back in the squad, and other players stepping up to the plate, Villa will be giving it their all.