article: By . Nick Enoch . PUBLISHED: . 10:33 EST, 26 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:39 EST, 26 March 2013 . Peering out from the side of a house in a quiet road, this bullock's bid for freedom today might well have succeeded... had he not succumbed to the wily charms of some cows. Residents in a quiet cul-de-sac in Darlington, County Durham, were left stunned when the animal ran amok after escaping from a nearby cattle market. Police received reports of the rampaging young bull chasing people around the town centre at noon. A bullock which escaped from a cattle market ran amok in a quiet residential area in Darlington, County Durham today . When the beast (front) headed towards Tennyson Gardens, staff from a local farmers' auction mart worked to recapture it. By the time they caught up, it had been cornered in the close - using two cows (one pictured, far right) as bait . When the beast headed towards Tennyson Gardens, police warned residents to stay indoors as staff from a local farmers' auction mart worked to recapture it. By the time they caught up with the bullock half an hour later, it had been cornered in the close - using two cows as bait. Farmers and police then managed to usher the runaway into a vehicle. No one was hurt during the incident. Pensioner Eileen Chapman said: 'I was sat watching telly and looked up to see a bull staring through my window. You don't expect that sort of thing living here. 'There was a policeman and a load of other men running around. 'Then two cows came and just stood around like they were waiting to be served. Bidders at Darlington Auction Mart, from which the bullock escaped (file picture) 'It was just like a comedy. They looked quite demure and did not start misbehaving or rampaging. 'It livened my day up.' Derek Brown, of Tennyson Gardens, said: 'It is not the first time this has happened. 'It is what comes from having a cattle market in the centre of town. 'It needs modernising - it is too easy for the animals to break out.' Inspector Chris Knox of Darlington Police said the incident had been contained within half an hour and no damage occurred during the incident. In November 2011, a cow which escaped from the same Darlington cattle market was shot dead by police after it too went on a rampage.
highlights: Bullock chased people around Darlington town centre today . Recaptured after being lured to vehicle by two cows .
id: c40323e61d0f4ece3c1da8288087d9049704cad7
chatgpt: A rogue bullock caused chaos in Darlington town centre earlier today as it chased innocent bystanders down busy streets. The out-of-control animal roamed around for several hours leading to fear and alarm in the community.  Police officers and animal control services were dispatched to the area to attempt to capture the bull. Things looked bleak until an ingenious plan hatched by the authorities saw the bull recaptured. After a hectic chase, the authorities managed to lure the animal to a nearby vehicle using two cows. The incident began in the early hours of the morning, as the bull escaped from a nearby farm. The massive animal rampaged through the town in a frantic bid for freedom. Despite attempts by local people to corral the bull, the animal continued to evade capture. The situation began to escalate quickly as people in the town began to realize the danger posed by the rampaging bull. Traffic was brought to a standstill, and people were forced to take cover inside shops and buildings.  Police immediately issued an alert, warning people to stay inside, and not to approach the animal under any circumstances. They advised people to contact the local authorities if they came into contact with the bull. The urgency of the situation was further highlighted by local authorities who urged everyone to take extra caution. "We advised people to avoid the area if possible and if they had to pass through to do so with caution," said a spokesperson for the local council. Despite the immense danger posed by the bull, local residents have expressed their admiration for the authorities who captured the beast. "The cow caught the bull by the horns, and then they lured it to the vehicle. It was impressive to watch," said local resident, John Smith. After the incident, the bull was transported back to its farm where it will remain for the foreseeable future. Local authorities, however, warned that the incident would serve as a timely reminder to all keepers of livestock to ensure proper fencing and other measures are in place to prevent a repeat of such an incident. The situation could have been much worse if it were not for the quick response of the police and animal control services. The authorities are now conducting an investigation into the incident to establish what caused the bull to escape in the first place. Nonetheless, the people of Darlington will be relieved that they can once again move around freely without the fear of encountering an out-of-control bull.