article: (CNN) -- Bayern Munich's unbeaten run in the Bundesliga continued on Saturday as they beat Nuremburg 2-0 at the Grundig Stadium. Pep Guardiola's side have dropped just four points all season and have now taken maximum points from their last 11 games. The result not only extended their unbeaten league record to 45 matches but also equals their own record of 29 consecutive away games without losing set during the 2011/12 season. Nuremburg had won their last two league matches, but Bayern were soon in front as striker Mario Mandzukic volleyed home in the 18th minute. The 27-year-old Croatian international turned provider four minutes into the second half laying on the ball for Philipp Lahm to drive the ball home and double the lead. There could have been more goals for the visitors but in the end two were enough to see the Bavarians extend their season tally to 56 points and restore a 13-point lead following second-placed Leverkusen's 1-0 win at Monchengladbach on Friday. Borussia Dortmund recorded back-to-back league wins for the first time since November with a thumping 5-1 win at Werder Bremen. Striker Robert Lewandowski and Armenian midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan both scoring twice as Jurgen Klopp's side consolidated third place ahead of fourth-placed Schalke who entertain Hannover on Sunday. Elsewhere, there was an encouraging 3-0 win for Frankfurt against bottom-of-the-table Braunschweig who look increasing doomed to drop out of Germany's top league. Armin Veh's side, meanwhile, move up to 12th place. Sixth-place Wolfsburg were also 3-0 winners against Mainz on Saturday while Freiburg and Hoffenheim drew 1-1. Read more: Liverpool thrash Arsenal in EPL . Read more: Manaus World Cup stadium suffers third death .
highlights: Bayern Munich restore 13-point lead at top of Bundesliga with 2-0 win against Nuremburg . Second-place Leverkusen beat Monchegladbach 1-0 on Friday; Dortmund thrash Bremen 5-1 . Fourth place Schalke take on Hannover on Sunday .
id: ca59b8ff30372d9b5289c11e7facc51776eac590
chatgpt: Bayern Munich have restored their 13-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga with a 2-0 win against Nuremburg. The reigning champions have had a dominant season so far with only one loss and now have 57 points from their 22 games played. The win came courtesy of goals from Serge Gnabry and David Alaba in either half. Nuremburg, on the other hand, remain second from bottom in the table with only 13 points. Elsewhere, second-place Bayer Leverkusen picked up three points with a 1-0 win against Borussia Monchengladbach on Friday. The only goal of the game was scored by Patrik Schick in the 76th minute. The result puts Leverkusen only one point behind Dortmund in the standings. Dortmund, themselves, had a convincing victory over Werder Bremen with a 5-1 win. Erling Haaland scored twice, and Marco Reus, Dan-Axel Zagadou, and Raphael Guerreiro all got one each. Despite the win, Dortmund remain five points behind Bayern and will need to continue their winning ways if they want to close the gap. Fourth-placed Schalke will take on Hannover later today, hoping to close the gap on Dortmund. Schalke had a disappointing result in their last game, drawing at home 1-1 to Paderborn. Hannover, who are currently in 13th place, will have to be at their best to get anything from the game and prevent Schalke from moving further ahead in the table. The Bundesliga is now entering its final stages, and it seems that Bayern Munich is on course to win their eighth consecutive title. However, with several games still to be played, anything can happen, and the other teams will be hoping to capitalize on any mistakes that Bayern may make.