article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:34 EST, 3 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:10 EST, 3 December 2012 . To the unkind observer, it might resemble a giant climbing frame. But the Star of Caledonia’s designers hope the 121ft-high sculpture – set to dominate the skyline east of the M74 in Dumfriesshire – will help transform the area’s economy. Motorists crossing the Border near Gretna will be confronted by the enormous structure – almost twice the height of the Angel of the North, the roadside sculpture at Gateshead in Tyne and Wear – from 2014, in time for the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. Planned: The Star of Caledonia will stand 121ft high over the M74 in Dumfriesshire . However, its size is matched by the near £5million cost – with taxpayers likely to foot most of the bill. Arts quango Creative Scotland has pledged £1million and project organisers are hoping to raise another £3.8million from other sources. The scheme will be submitted for planning permission this week but last night there was concern over the scale of spending on the brainchild of architectural guru Charles Jencks and Cecil Balmond, joint designer of the Orbit tower in London’s Olympic Park. Olympics: Cecil Balmond jointly designed the Orbit tower, pictured in London¿s Olympic Park, with Anish Kapoor . Robert Oxley, of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, said: ‘Taxpayers cannot afford to splash out millions on this piece of work. If the sculpture is truly popular it should not need a bail-out from an unelected quango. Creative Scotland appears willing to spend taxpayers’ money like there’s an endless pot of gold.’ The Star of Caledonia is intended to celebrate Scotland’s scientific contribution to the world and pays homage to James Clerk Maxwell, the Edinburgh-born physicist and mathematician noted for his ground-breaking work in electromagnetic theory. Rods will depict an electromagnetic field, with the solar-powered glass tips of each one illuminated at night, while the sun will sparkle from them during the day. They will be painted black at the end to ‘disembody’ the lights and create a floating effect. The project team hopes it will do for the area what Antony Gormley’s Angel of the North – widely credited with prompting the regeneration of Gateshead over the past 15 years – did for Tyneside. Mr Jencks believes his latest project will be equally transformational. He said: ‘Crossing the Border to Scotland across the River Sark is now a passage obscured under a bridge by cars travelling at speed. ‘Instead of marking this with motorway signs we are using a sculpture that pulls together the site, the distant hills and the Solway.’ Dwarfed: The planned 121ft sculpture will tower over the 65ft Angel of the North in Gateshead, left, and the 65ft bronze Damien Hirst statue called Verity in Ilfracombe, Devon .
highlights: Arts quango Creative Scotland has . pledged £1million and project backers want to raise another . £3.8million from other sources . TaxPayers’ Alliance say the arts body is spending public money 'like there's an endless pot of gold' Designed by Cecil Balmond, engineer behind London 2012's Orbit tower, and Charles Jencks .
id: 05261feabd54e47eebfe00dc3a9d5ffd5c167066
chatgpt: Creative Scotland, the national arts funding body, has recently pledged £1 million towards a new cultural project, in collaboration with project backers hoping to raise an additional £3.8 million from other sources. The aim of this project is to create an innovative new complex that celebrates and promotes Scottish arts, with a particular focus on the visual arts. However, some critics are expressing concern over the use of public money for such a venture. One critic, the TaxPayers' Alliance, has accused Creative Scotland of "spending public money like there's an endless pot of gold." They argue that in a time of economic uncertainty, with public services facing cuts, funding expensive arts projects should not be a top priority. Despite these criticisms, the project has gained a lot of support from those who believe in investing in Scotland's cultural heritage. Designed by Cecil Balmond, who was behind the engineering of London 2012's Orbit tower, and Charles Jencks, the new facilities are set to be the most futuristic and cutting-edge in the country. The complex, which has been dubbed the "Arts HQ," will consist of a series of interconnected buildings that house everything from art galleries and exhibition spaces to performance venues and studios. The aim is to create a hub for the Scottish arts scene, where artists can collaborate and create new work, and members of the public can come and experience the best of what the country has to offer. Speaking about the project, a spokesperson for Creative Scotland said: "We are thrilled to be involved in such an exciting and ambitious new venture. Scotland has a rich and vibrant arts culture, and we believe that the Arts HQ will help to showcase this on a global stage." The project has also been praised for its potential to boost tourism in Scotland, with many hoping that it will become a major attraction for arts enthusiasts from all over the world. However, concerns remain over the cost of the project and whether it is a wise use of public funds. In response to these concerns, a spokesperson for Creative Scotland has stated that the aim is to raise the majority of the funds from private sources, with the public contribution being a relatively small portion of the overall budget. Despite these assurances, some critics remain unconvinced. And with public spending under more scrutiny than ever before, the debate over funding for the arts is likely to continue for some time to come. Overall, the Arts HQ project represents a bold and ambitious vision for the future of the Scottish arts scene. Whether it can overcome the challenges and criticism it is currently facing remains to be seen. But one thing is for sure: it will be watched closely by those who care about the future of the country's cultural heritage.