article: He still would have worn red as he led an attacking line in England, but life could have been much different for Arsenal marksman Olivier Giroud had he chosen Teeside over the south of France. The Gunners striker revealed Arsenal's FA Cup fifth round opponents Middlesbrough were a genuine option for him as his next move from his first senior club Tours - he eventually decided on Montpellier as his last club before going to the Emirates. 'Yes, that's true,' Giroud told Arsenal.com. Arsenal's Olivier Giroud revealed he could have gone to Middlesbrough when he moved to Montpellier . The Gunners striker chose the south of France over the Teeside club Arsenal face next in the FA Cup . 'Middlesbrough and Celtic (also wanted to sign me). It was a great team… today they are close to coming back into the English Premier League.' Giroud spent January 2009 until May 2010 at Tours, before choosing Ligue 1's  Montpellier that summer. But the Riverside Stadium did play on his mind before making the decision. 'It will be nice to play against them and it will remind me of my previous years in Tours,' he said. Had he gone to Boro, then in their second year back in the Championship following relegation under Gareth Southgate, he would have been working for Tony Mowbray and challenging Australian Scott McDonald to be the club's leading scorer. In retrospect, it's hard to argue with the call he made even with Boro now knocking on the door to return to the Premier League at the top of the Championship after 30 matches. In his final season at Montpellier, Giroud was Ligue 1's top scorer and led the side to their first title . Chelsea's on-loan striker Patrick Bamford is starring up front for Championship leaders Boro . Giroud joined the Gunners on a £13million deal in the summer of 2012 as the Ligue 1's top scorer having found the net 21 times as he led Montpellier to the club's first top-flight title. The Frenchman was on the bench against Leicester on Tuesday but is expected to lead the line on Sunday as Arsenal take on Boro for a place in the sixth round. Boro earned their chance to reach the Cup's last eight against the knockout's defending champions by knocking over the Premier League title holders Manchester City 2-0 in round four.
highlights: Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud said Middesbrough wanted to sign him . The Frenchman was at Tours when he chose Montpellier over Teeside . Giroud left the south of France for Arsenal as Ligue 1's top scorer . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
id: 77859142634d6851fc758ac8132b7989156aabbb
chatgpt: Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud revealed that he had a prior offer from Middlesbrough before making the move to Montpellier in 2010. Giroud had just completed a successful campaign with Tours, scoring 21 goals in 35 appearances, and was being sought after by several clubs in Europe. The Frenchman had a decision to make and ultimately chose to join Montpellier over Middlesbrough. This proved to be the right decision as he went on to win the Ligue 1 title with Montpellier and finished the season as the league's top scorer with 21 goals in 36 appearances. Giroud's decision to join Montpellier was instrumental in their success that season, and his performances earned him a move to Arsenal in 2012. Since then, Giroud has become an integral part of the Arsenal squad, scoring 105 goals in 253 appearances across all competitions. Reflecting on his decision to choose Montpellier over Middlesbrough, Giroud said, "Yes, Middlesbrough approached me, but I preferred Montpellier. They were a team on the up, and I really enjoyed speaking to the coach, René Girard." Giroud's success in France and England has earned him accolades and the respect of his peers. Arsenal fans, in particular, have grown to love the Frenchman for his work ethic, goal-scoring ability, and ability to perform under pressure. Giroud's focus now is on helping Arsenal achieve success this season. Arsenal is currently in sixth place in the Premier League table and is set to face Manchester United in their next league fixture. Giroud's performances this season have been impressive, with the striker scoring crucial goals in important matches. His recent performances have also led to him being handed a starting place in the France national team. Arsenal fans will be hoping that Giroud can continue his impressive form and help the club achieve success this season. With the striker in top form and the team playing well, anything is possible. In conclusion, Giroud's decision to join Montpellier over Middlesbrough proved to be a critical turning point in his career. It ultimately led to him becoming one of the world's most respected strikers and an integral part of the Arsenal squad.