article: (CNN) -- Valencia led a trio of Spanish clubs into the semifinals of the Europa League with a 4-0 thrashing of AZ Alkmaar Thursday. Trailing 2-1 from the first leg in the Netherlands, the La Liga side took just 15 minutes at their Mestalla Stadium to draw level on aggregate as Adil Rami scored. He quickly added a second before Jordi Alba made it three on 56 minutes. Pablo Hernandez completed the rout in the 80th minute for the two-time Champions League finalists. Valencia, who won the 2004 UEFA Cup under Rafael Benitez, will face fellow Spanish club Atletico Madrid in the last four. 2010 winners Atletico won 2-1 at Bundesliga Hanover to go through 4-2 on aggregate. Leading 2-1 from the first leg in the Spanish capital, Atletico went further ahead in the tie as Adrian Lopez scored a fine individual goal. Mame Diouf gave Hanover some late hope with an equalizer on 81 minutes but Radamel Falcao scored the clinching goal for Atletico in the closing moments. Athletic Bilboa, such impressive winners over English Premier League leaders Manchester United in the quarterfinals, were held 2-2 by Schalke on their home ground, but the Basque side went through 6-4 on aggregate. Schalke, beaten 4-2 by the Spaniards in their home leg, twice led through Raul and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, but were twice pegged back. Ibai Gomez and Markel Susaeta scored the equalizers as Bilbao earned a semifinal clash with Sporting Lisbon. The Portuguese side, who put out Manchester City in the previous round, drew 1-1 at Metalist Kharkhiv of Ukraine to advance 3-2 on aggregate. Ricky Van Wolfswinkel put Sporting ahead before Argentinian striker Jonathan Cristaldo leveled for the Ukrainians.
highlights: Three Spanish clubs in semifinals of Europa League . Valencia beat AZ Alkmaar 4-0 to go through 5-2 on aggregate . Athletic Bilbao and Atletico Madrid also advance . Sporting Lisbon represent Portugal in last four .
id: 5c99b8b48baf6be818b7b52742bbf5f77509e05f
chatgpt: In a dramatic night of football, three Spanish clubs have advanced to the semi-finals of the Europa League. Valencia emerged victorious with a crushing 4-0 win over Dutch team AZ Alkmaar, securing a 5-2 aggregate victory. Valencia were always in control of the game at the Mestalla stadium. Their opening goal came in the 29th minute from Jeremy Mathieu who headed the ball into the net from a free-kick. They doubled their lead in the second half when Sofiane Feghouli converted a penalty. Late goals from Jonas and Aduriz ensured a comfortable scoreline for Valencia and sent them through to the next round. Meanwhile, Athletic Bilbao secured their spot in the semi-finals with a 2-0 win over German team Schalke. Aritz Aduriz and Iker Muniain both scored in the first half to give Athletic Bilbao a comfortable lead which they never relinquished. The Spanish club had already won the first leg 4-2, giving them a 6-4 aggregate victory. Atletico Madrid also advanced to the semi-finals with a 2-1 win over Hannover 96. Radamel Falcao scored both goals for Atletico Madrid to secure their victory. They had already won the first leg in Germany 2-1, giving them a 4-2 aggregate win. Sporting Lisbon represent Portugal in the last four, having secured a 2-1 win over Metalist Kharkiv. After a 2-2 draw in the first leg, Sporting Lisbon won the second leg with goals from Marat Izmailov and Ricky van Wolfswinkel. The semi-final draw will take place on Friday, with the first legs taking place on 19 April and the second legs on 26 April. The final will take place in Romania's National Arena Stadium on 9 May, and with three Spanish teams still in the running, it's promising to be an exciting end to the tournament.