article: Tokyo (CNN) -- A Boeing 787 Dreamliner took off Sunday from a Tokyo airport, the first such flight in Japan since safety issues grounded the Dreamliner fleet, officials told CNN. Japan had authorized passenger airlines to resume flying the embattled aircraft in the country starting Friday, authorities said. The first test flight in Japan was Sunday, All Nippon Airways officials said. It left Tokyo's Haneda Airport on Sunday morning with a team of All Nippon engineers, that airline's chairman, Shinichiro Ito, and Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Ray Conner. The plane landed about two hours later without incident, Boeing said. "With the successful completion of today's flight, Boeing will continue to work closely with airline customers in Japan and other countries on ... modification work to safely return additional 787s to flight in the coming weeks," Boeing said in a statement. The flight marked a milestone in Japan, but the plane wasn't the first Dreamliner to take flight since the problems first surfaced. Ethiopian Airlines flew passengers from Addis Ababa to Nairobi, Kenya, on Saturday. Boeing Dreamliner back in skies . Nearly 50 Dreamliners around the world have been grounded for more than three months, after two incidents on jets operated by Japanese airlines called the battery systems into question. Officials later pointed to faulty battery systems in recommending the planes be grounded. Last week, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration cleared Boeing to make fixes to the problematic battery system. Boeing said it was deploying teams to help the airlines install the redesigned system. In an online posting Thursday, the FAA outlined the modifications necessary for the Dreamliner to fly again. By the next day, All Nippon and Japan Airlines -- the world's two largest Dreamliner operators -- had already begun installing modified lithium ion batteries on their 787 jets. The Dreamliner's use of lightweight composite materials to greatly improve fuel economy has made it a big seller in Asia and the Middle East, where long-haul flights account for much of an airline's business. Dreamliners inching toward the runway . CNN's Greg Botelho and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Boeing: We will work with customers to return more 787s to flight in coming weeks . The All Nippon test flight took off from Tokyo's Haneda Airport, airline officials say . A Boeing executive is among those aboard, but commercial passengers were not . U.S. aviation authorities outlined steps recently to the Dreamliner's battery system .
id: 46b8f292679907b880a0b0d93160931dfd4e72ee
chatgpt: Boeing has announced that it is in the process of working with its customers to return more 787s to flight in the coming weeks. This announcement comes on the heels of a successful test flight by All Nippon Airways, one of the major customers of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. According to airline officials, the test flight took off from Tokyo's Haneda Airport, with a Boeing executive among those aboard. However, commercial passengers were not part of the flight. The test flight is a clear indication that Boeing is working hard to address the Dreamliner's battery-related issues which caused the global grounding of the fleet earlier this year. The U.S. aviation authorities recently outlined steps to the Dreamliner's battery system, which is expected to minimize the possibility of the battery overheating and catching fire. Boeing officials are hopeful that these steps will go a long way in restoring confidence in the Dreamliner, which has faced a lot of scrutiny both in the U.S. and internationally. The Dreamliner is one of the most technologically advanced commercial airplanes in the world, with features such as larger windows, higher humidity, and lower cabin pressure, all designed to create a more comfortable flying experience for passengers. However, problems with its lithium-ion batteries led to several incidents of overheating, with two battery fires in January alone. The problems with the Dreamliner have been a major concern for Boeing, which has taken a significant hit to its reputation as a result. The company has been working hard to address these issues and restore confidence in the Dreamliner, which is a major product for the company. The success of the recent test flight is a positive sign for the Dreamliner, with many industry experts hoping that this marks the beginning of the end of the long saga of battery-related issues. Boeing officials have stated that they remain committed to working with their customers to ensure the safety and reliability of the Dreamliner, and to restore the trust that has been lost due to the persistent problems with the plane's batteries. In conclusion, the recent test flight by All Nippon Airways and the steps taken by U.S. aviation authorities are positive signs for the future of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Boeing officials remain committed to working with their customers to ensure the safety and reliability of the plane, and the hope is that this will mark the beginning of a new chapter for the Dreamliner, one that is free of battery-related issues and focused on delivering the best possible flying experience to passengers around the world.