article: The number of victims coming forward with allegations of historical child abuse could reach ‘many tens of thousands’, an MP has warned. John Mann said the state ‘can't deal with’ the volume of claims that are being made. The Labour MP for Bassetlaw suggested a national institute needed to be created to handle the complaints. John Mann, MP, has said the state will not be able to cope with the number of people coming forward with historic child sex abuse claims while Theresa May, right, is still considering the make-up of the body . A Government inquiry has been set-up to investigate historic child abuse following claims of a VIP paedophile ring operating in Westminster in the 1980s. But it has been mired in uncertainty with two candidates for chair - former judge Baroness Butler-Sloss and ex-Lord Mayor of London Fiona Woolf - having to stand aside over their establishment links. Mr Mann said there had been too much emphasis on individuals. ‘It's not just about who chairs an inquiry, it's about what the remit of an inquiry should be, who else should be sat on that inquiry, who should be advising it,’ he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. ‘As an example, one of the things that survivors' groups are calling for in the discussions I've had with them is for government to set up a national institute to take forward this work on what you do with all these people coming forward. ‘Probably, it's going to be many tens of thousands of people across the country. The state can't deal with the numbers of people coming forward. ‘The police and social services cannot cope with the volume that's there, even now. And we're hardly at the beginning of people coming forward.’ Mr Mann, who has given a dossier of allegations of historical abuse to Scotland Yard, added: ‘I'm getting vast numbers of people, including my constituents, coming forward making allegations. 'Many of those people came forward in the past and weren't listened to or weren't believed. ‘And that's a key part of the problem. 'What do you do with people making allegations against people, and nothing was done in the past, when the people they're making allegations against in some cases are dead?’ The historic child abuse inquiry panel has started work but still has no-one to lead it. Home Secretary Theresa May, who set up the inquiry, is still considering its format and has told the current panel it might be disbanded. Dozens of survivors have called for the Government to scrap the current inquiry and replace it with a more powerful body.
highlights: John Mann said child sex abuse allegations could be in tens of thousands . Labour MP wants to create a national institute to handle all the complaints . He warned the state cannot deal with the number of people coming forward . MP said historic sex abuse inquiry, which has been beset by problems, was not just about who was leader but about what the investigation will cover .
id: 4e64ba2a767c7e35759bf5bb09204c6685155e1b
chatgpt: Labour MP John Mann has proclaimed that the number of child sexual abuse allegations coming forward is in the tens of thousands, with the victims potentially numbering in the millions. Faced with these staggering numbers, Mann called for establishment of a national institute to take on the torrent of cases. Previously, he has also called for an independent inquiry into the issue, criticizing the government for failing to sufficiently investigate these horrific crimes and provide redress for victims. In an interview with the BBC, Mann stated that he believes that the scale of sexual abuse against children in the UK is far greater than previously thought. He explained that the lack of adequate response from the state has forced survivors to find other routes to justice. He added that the resources of the police forces in the country are stretched too thin, making it difficult for them to access the necessary evidence to pursue justice. Mann asserted that the creation of a national institute should go beyond just handling individual complaints, but also provide a forum for victims to tell their stories and find support. Mann warned that the scope of the historic sex abuse inquiry was more significant than a leadership issue. According to him, it is vital that the inquiry be allowed to cover all aspects of child sexual abuse and not just focus on a few high-profile cases. The ongoing inquiry into historical sex abuse in the UK has been plagued by problems from its outset, with its first chairwoman, Dame Lowell Goddard, resigning due to concerns about her conduct. The new chairwoman, Alexis Jay, has also come under criticism for a perceived lack of transparency and communication. Concerns were raised about her connections to the government and her ability to be impartial. The inquiry made international headlines earlier this year when the brother of the former Home Secretary, Leon Brittan, was implicated in allegations of child sexual abuse. The inquiry took nearly a year to clarify that the allegations were unsubstantiated. Mann has been a vocal advocate for victims of child sexual abuse, and his calls for the creation of a national institute echoes similar demands made by survivors' groups. He has urged the government to show more leadership on this issue and take the necessary steps to mount a proper response. With new sexual abuse allegations emerging almost daily, it is clear that the issue is far from resolved. By creating a national institute, Mann hopes to provide a focal point for survivors, ensuring that their stories are heard, and that they receive the help and support they need to rebuild their lives.