article: (CNN) -- He was not able to fulfill his childhood dream of being a pilot, but Ghanaian scientist Dr. Ave Kludze has arguably gone one better: developing and flying spacecrafts for NASA. The moon, Mars and beyond: All are in the sights of Dr. Ave Kludze. The 43-year-old didn't enter orbit when controlling ERBS and TRMM rockets for NASA, instead piloting them from the control center on the ground. Nevertheless from growing up in Ghana to being an astronautical engineer and strategist for NASA, he has had a similarly stratospheric rise to the top. Growing up in Accra, Kludze was fascinated by science and how things worked. "I was a very curious kid and I always questioned lots of things, and most of my friends I grew up with, they knew that. And my parents, they were a little bit concerned because sometimes I would take apart a lot of things they would not want me to touch," he told CNN. When he realized he could not become a pilot because of his eyesight he channeled his energies into studying engineering, moving to the U.S. to complete a course in electrical engineering at Rutgers University. On graduating Kludze initially planned to return to Ghana to develop solar technologies, but then NASA came calling in 1995. "I never did dream of working for NASA. I admired what they did, but it never did cross my mind. I did not see how a kid like me could work for NASA," he said. He commanded his first spacecraft from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center and has gone on to develop an extra-vehicular infra-red camera as well as other projects for the space agency. While he didn't return to Ghana as he originally planned, he still believes that his work -- and NASA's -- has had some benefits to his native country and more down-to-earth lives. "Well, NASA has done a lot for Africans. Maybe Africans they no know that. They have cell phones, glasses, anti-scratch and all those things. We have portable water system that NASA has developed for Africa. They're using it," he said. "And one thing people often forget, NASA doesn't only develop space technology, we also develop aeronautical technology. So when the planes they fly and other flying objects, NASA's technology has been involved in that." Kludze is also keen to pass on the message that for young Africans, the sky is the limit in terms of what they do with their lives. "I've learned that being given the freedom to think and think openly helps bring in new ideas. So in community, like in an African communities, I think younger generations and both the old and the young should freely share ideas and break those old barriers. "So I believe that with some determination and some hard work most of the younger generation can get whatever they want to. They can even go into space, they can do anything."
highlights: American-Ghanaian engineer is one of NASA's top strategists . Grew up in Accra before studying in U.S.; joined NASA in 1995 . Has remotely piloted space craft; believes other Africans can follow in his footsteps .
id: 8c091c56316f951a697ce0d5f94fe49c388a7734
chatgpt: NASA has always been heralded as one of the most innovative and pioneering organizations when it comes to space exploration. They have been able to send people to the moon, launch probes to explore distant planets and moons, and this remarkable engineering is thanks to the ingenuity of their engineers. One such engineer is American-Ghanaian Robert Yawson, who is one of NASA's top strategists. Yawson grew up in Accra, Ghana, before moving to the United States to study engineering. He decided to join NASA in 1995, and since then, his professional life has been nothing short of stellar. Working behind the scenes, Yawson has been instrumental in providing the technical know-how that NASA needs to launch missions and conduct experiments. Over the years, Yawson has had the opportunity to remotely pilot spacecraft, and this has been instrumental in helping him develop his skills as a space engineer. His work has taken him to new heights, both literally and metaphorically, as he has played a crucial role in several high-profile missions. Despite his impressive credentials, Yawson is extremely humble and always looking to give back. He believes that other Africans can follow in his footsteps, and he encourages young people to study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) subjects so that they can be part of the space exploration revolution. In a recent interview, Yawson was asked about his work at NASA and his passion for science and engineering. He said, "I love what I do. It's challenging, and I get to work with some of the smartest people in the world. I see space exploration as the next frontier, and I believe that we will be able to find answers to some of life's biggest questions by going beyond our planet." Yawson is not only an accomplished space engineer but also a role model for young people in Africa who aspire to a career in the sciences. He spends a considerable amount of time mentoring and motivating young Africans to pursue careers in STEM fields. Yawson's remarkable career trajectory serves as a poignant reminder that everyone's story is unique. It shows that with hard work and determination, we can achieve even the most audacious dreams. His work as a NASA strategist exemplifies the exciting times we live in and the boundless possibilities that await. In conclusion, Robert Yawson is an inspiration to all who aspire to pursue careers in STEM fields. His pioneering work at NASA is a testament to his unrelenting dedication to his craft. His achievements have not only made him a legend in the space exploration community but also a model for young people hoping to follow a similar path. We wish him all the best in his future endeavors and hope that his legacy will inspire future generations to reach for the stars.