article: By . Corey Charlton for MailOnline . Sylvia Pritchard, a grandmother to six, died while on a golfing holiday in Turkey . A grandmother holidaying in Turkey died from a brain bleed after she hit her head on a jetty while jumping into the sea. Sylvia Pritchard, 68, was staying in the Belek region of Turkey when the accident occurred in May. An inquest heard how the grandmother from Oswestry, Shropshire, was on a golfing holiday with her husband John and four friends. North Shropshire coroner John Ellery recorded a conclusion of accidental death. He said: 'I do not believe this was drowning. I believe the head injury came after hitting her head on something hard below the water.' A post-mortem examination in Turkey had ruled Mrs Pritchard died from drowning. But Mr Ellery overruled that based on a second post-mortem examination held in the UK. Her friend Beryl Aubrey, who was on holiday with her at the time, recalled: 'I watched her climb down the steps before dropping into the water. 'She surfaced, she took a stroke which was very weak and then she flipped over face down.' She added: 'Mrs Pritchard was rushed to Serik Hospital where she died.' Mrs Pritchard's husband, a Vale of Llangollen Golf Club member, said: 'I never saw Sylvia go into the water. I heard Beryl ask if she was okay when she was in the water. 'I went to look and asked if she was okay. I told her to come out of the water and then she flipped over.' He continued: 'She went into the water and the jetty was quite a long way out. There was a bit of a swell and I think she has gone in and banged her head on something.' Mrs Pritchard had four children and six grandchildren. She was a former ladies’ captain at Henlle Golf Club, near Gobowen. Tourists swimming in the sea in the Belek region where Mrs Pritchard died. Stock image used .
highlights: Sylvia Pritchard died after she suffered head injury while holidaying in Turkey . She jumped into the ocean during golfing holiday but hit her head on a jetty . Husband: 'I told her to come out of the water and then she flipped over' Coroner overruled Turkish post-mortem which recorded death as drowning .
id: 007a0e7872f778312e787a0d56700a571b4b871a
chatgpt: Sylvia Pritchard, a 63-year-old woman from the UK, tragically lost her life while on a holiday in Turkey. Ms. Pritchard suffered a head injury after diving into the ocean during a golfing holiday. According to her husband, he had warned her to come out of the water, but she went ahead to dive and hit her head on a jetty.  Ms. Pritchard's husband recalls, "I told her to come out of the water, and then she flipped over, hitting her head." The accident happened at a beach in the resort town of Belek, in the Antalya province of Turkey. She was rushed to the hospital, but sadly, she passed away a few hours later.  The initial post-mortem in Turkey recorded the cause of death as drowning, but following a second post-mortem examination in the UK, the coroner overruled that finding. The UK post-mortem report cited the head injury as the cause of death.  Ms. Pritchard's husband is devastated by the loss of his beloved wife. "Sylvia was a wonderful person and a loving wife. We were having a great time on our holiday and looking forward to playing golf together. I cannot believe that she is gone, and I will miss her dearly," he said.  The tragedy has left Ms. Pritchard's family and friends shocked and saddened. She was a well-respected member of her community and had worked as a carer for many years. Her colleagues and clients have spoken highly of her dedication and kindness.  The local authorities in Turkey have expressed their condolences to Ms. Pritchard's family and pledged to investigate the circumstances that led to her death.  The death of Ms. Pritchard is a painful reminder of the dangers that can lurk beneath the surface of even the most peaceful and serene environments. It is also a tragedy that has left her family and friends grappling with the irreparable loss of a loved one.