article: (CNN)The woman killed in an apparent road rage incident last week returned home to pick up her son and then went back out to find the man now suspected of shooting her, a Las Vegas homicide detective said Tuesday. Tammy Meyers, a 44-year-old mother of four, had been giving her 15-year-old daughter a driving lesson Thursday when she had an encounter with another driver that left her scared and upset, Lt. Ray Steiber told reporters. When she got home, Meyers told her daughter to go into the house, wake up the girl's brother and have him get in the car. Meyers' son Brandon, 22, brought a registered firearm with him. Meyers drove back out of the neighborhood to see if she could find the man, Steiber said. "The vehicles and persons found each other," he said. "Through the course of them finding each other, at one point Mrs. Meyers was following what we consider a suspect vehicle and then at another point they broke apart and Mrs. Meyers went home." Shortly after Meyers arrived at her house a second time and got out of her car, a gray or silver sedan pulled into the cul-de-sac and a volley of shots was fired. The son returned fire, Steiber said. Meyers was struck in the head by one bullet and was rushed to the hospital, where she died on Valentine's Day after being taken off life support. Steiber said the family called 911 after Meyers was shot. The driver, described as a man in his 20s to 30, is about 6 feet tall with medium build. He wore a white V-neck T-shirt. Steiber said authorities believe a bullet from the suspect's gun killed Meyers, and not one from the son's firearm. The initial incident came after the suspect was speeding past Meyers as she drove her daughter home from a driving lesson. Seeing the speeding car, the daughter reached over and honked the horn. Steiber said the man pulled in front, stopped his car and came back to the Meyers car. His words scared mother and daughter. They did not say anything to the suspect, Steiber said. Meyers' husband spoke at a vigil for his wife on Tuesday. He said some of the facts in the case were starting to get twisted by the media. "My son is not an animal. My son is a hero in my book," Robert Meyers said. "There were mistakes like everyone of us have made in our lives. But this particular mistake was made to keep a bigger mistake from happening. And my wife paid the ultimate price for it." Brandon Meyers said he was trying to protect his family. "Everyone can think what they have to think," the 22-year-old said.  "I did it for a reason and I'd do it for anyone I loved." Road rage: Cameras and guns only add to the problem .
highlights: Husband of Tammy Meyers says his wife never did anything bad to anyone . Police say the victim went home and picked up her son, who brought a gun, police say . Tammy Meyers was shot after she got out of her car outside her home .
id: 221dd18016613809fe71c9f69a7e53f1e0defe06
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, Tammy Meyers was shot outside her home after getting out of her car. The victim's husband has maintained that his wife never did anything bad to anyone. Meanwhile, the police say that after being dropped off by her husband, Tammy went back home and picked up her son, who allegedly brought along a gun. The incident took place in Las Vegas, where Tammy had just finished giving her daughter a driving lesson. She then dropped her daughter off at home and went out for a drive by herself. However, some altercations on the road led to a confrontation with several young men, which escalated to a full-blown chase. The victim's husband, Robert Meyers, stated that "Tammy never did anything bad to anyone." He added that he was shocked and heartbroken at the senseless act of violence that had claimed his wife's life. The police, on the other hand, claim that Tammy Meyers went back home after being dropped off by her husband in order to pick up her son, who had allegedly brought a gun with him. According to the police, Tammy's son then pointed the gun at the young men who had been chasing them, leading to a shooting that claimed Tammy's life. The incident has once again raised concerns about gun violence in America. It is unclear at this stage whether the gun was legally obtained, and whether Tammy's son will face any charges in connection with the shooting. Meanwhile, the community in Las Vegas has been left shaken by the senseless act of violence. Neighbors and friends have come together to express their condolences towards the Meyers family, and to pay tribute to Tammy's life. One neighbor, who did not want to be named, said that Tammy was "a loving and caring person who was always willing to lend a helping hand." Another friend stated that she was "extremely generous and would do anything for her family and friends." The police have stated that they are investigating the incident, and that they are appealing for any witnesses to come forward. They have also urged anyone with information about the incident to contact them immediately. The killing of Tammy Meyers has once again highlighted the need for stricter gun control laws in America. It is a tragedy that yet another innocent life has been lost to gun violence, and it is time for lawmakers to take action to prevent such incidents from occurring in the future.