article: By . Joel Christie . A school psychologist is facing federal charges after allegedly being intercepted by Homeland Security and traded child pornography online from a remote town on the Canadian border. Federal prosecutors contend William Brook downloaded hundreds of child rape photos and videos at his home in Point Roberts, a small Whatcom County community located on a peninsula with no land access to the United States. Officials say Brook was working as a psychologist for the Delta School District, which overlooks 24 elementary and seven secondary schools and is based in British Colombia. Homeland Security agents received a tip in mid-April that Brook had been buying child pornography online, according to Seattle P.I. 'I just want to erase the stuff': Delta School District psychologist William Brook allegedly tried to delete some data after being caught with 334 images child pornography images and some videos . Point Roberts is considered a part of the United States and Washington state, but can only be accessed through Canada. Agents stopped Brook’s car last Wednesday as he attempted to return to Point Roberts from Canada and seized his school district-issued computer. While no child pornography was found during the stop, the Homeland Security agent said Brook 'acted extremely nervous'. Brook is alleged to have admitted to exchanging photos of 'kids' on chat websites as in the interview progressed. 'I asked Brook if the photos were of nude children and Brook replied ‘'some of them’',' the agent said in court papers. Brook told investigators the photos were on his home computer, the agent continued, prompting a search Brook’s Benson Road home. Arriving at the duplex, Brook invited agents in and said 'I just want to erase the stuff', according to court papers. Isolated: Brook lives in Point Roberts, a tiny town of about 1,300 people that is part of Washington state but not connected to the U.S. and only accessed through Canada . Agents allowed Brook to open an online profile he’d created in which he declared his 'love' for 'pre-teen/pubescent boys and young teens' no older than 14, the Homeland Security agent told the court, according to Seattle P.I. Agents claim to have seen that Brook had downloaded child pornography the day before and seized his computer. According to charging papers, investigators found 334 files believed to be child pornography on the laptop, as well as a 4 gigabyte thumb drive filled with additional videos. The images and videos pictured the rape of very young children. Charged Thursday with possession of child pornography, Brook is expected to appear before a judge at U.S. District Court in Seattle on Monday. He remains jailed without bond pending that hearing.
highlights: William Brook is a school psychologist for the Delta School District, which encompasses 24 elementary and seven secondary schools . He was arrested Wednesday after allegedly being caught with 334 images and videos of young children being raped . On an online chat profile he had declared his 'love' for pre-pubescent boys under 14 . It is not believed any of the data seized involved students . Brook lives in Point Roberts, a remote town that is part of Washington state but not accessible from the United States .
id: 260ec4c77967646b97c8a24de3ab65b79af53840
chatgpt: William Brook, a school psychologist for the Delta School District, was arrested on Wednesday after being caught with hundreds of images and videos showing young children being raped. The psychologist had declared his "love" for pre-pubescent boys under 14 on an online chat profile. The police discovered 334 images and videos, and none of them were believed to be of students from the school district where he worked. The arrest was the result of an investigation by the Integrated Child Exploitation Unit (ICE), which is responsible for investigating child exploitation in British Columbia. An undercover ICE officer made contact with Brook online posing as a pedophile. During the conversation, Brook expressed his sexual attraction to young boys and shared child sexual abuse materials. Following the conversation, a search warrant was executed at Brook's home in Point Roberts, a remote town on the edge of Canada's mainland that is part of Washington state but only accessible via Canada. The search revealed hundreds of child sexual abuse materials, including images and videos showing graphic sexual abuse of young children. The Delta School District immediately put Brook on leave and issued a statement expressing its shock and disgust at the allegations. The school district is cooperating with the police investigation. The community responded with shock and disbelief upon learning of the arrest. Parents expressed concerns for the safety of their children and many questioned how an individual in a position of trust could have such horrific predilections. The authorities are urging anyone who has had contact with Brook, either online or in person, to come forward. The case is a chilling reminder of the dangers of online grooming and the importance of educating children and adults about how to identify and report potential predators. The charges against Brook include possession and distribution of child pornography, as well as the making of child pornography. The psychologist is scheduled to appear in court in mid-September. The Delta School District has assured parents that there is no evidence to suggest that any students were involved in the case. However, the district has established a support team to help students and staff who may be feeling distressed. The case has sent shockwaves through the community and has underscored the importance of vigilance in safeguarding children from those who would prey upon them. The authorities have urged anyone with information about the case to contact the Integrated Child Exploitation Unit immediately.