article: (CNN) -- The latest prediction for the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season agrees with three previous ones, forecasting a season that will be at least a bit milder than last year's. Last year's most destructive hurricane, Ike, tossed boats onto the shore in Bayton, Texas, in September. AccuWeather is the most recent organization to release its outlook, predicting Wednesday that the season, which runs from June 1 to November 30, will bring 13 named storms and eight hurricanes. In 2008, there were 16 named storms and eight hurricanes, five of which were major -- that is, classified as Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale of storm intensity -- with winds of 111 mph or higher. The three previous forecasts were released in December by Colorado State University (14 named storms, seven hurricanes), WSI Corp. (13 named storms, seven hurricanes) and Weather Research Center (seven named storms, four hurricanes). Storms acquire a name when they are designated tropical storms, with sustained maximum winds of at least 39 mph. Though they foresee fewer storms than last year, all the forecasts except the one from the Weather Research Center would translate into an above-average season. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, a "normal" Atlantic season has 11 named storms, six hurricanes and two major hurricanes. NOAA won't release its predictions until closer to the start of the season. And the forecasts already made are likely to be updated as June draws near. AccuWeather projected that four of the hurricanes in 2009 will hit the U.S. East Coast or Gulf Coast, and one of those will be a Category 3. Joe Bastardi, AccuWeather's chief long-range forecaster, wrote on the company's Web site that this year's "storms may be more likely to form in the Atlantic Basin closer to the coast, and the possibility of a major hurricane making landfall in the U.S. cannot be ruled out." WSI, on its Web site, said its predictions for 2009 stemmed from the expected continuation of "warmer-than-normal Atlantic Ocean temperature anomalies into next summer and fall, and the likelihood of a favorable or neutral wind shear environment associated with the lack of an El Niño event." El Niño is a fluctuation in the ocean-atmosphere system in the tropical Pacific that can impact global weather. Last year was considered the fourth busiest Atlantic hurricane year since 1944. The National Climatic Data Center said 2008 was "the only year on record in which a major hurricane existed in every month from July through November in the north Atlantic." The most destructive was Hurricane Ike, which wiped out neighborhoods in parts of Texas. Even a week later, its remnants were still having an impact on the Great Lakes region. Two other hurricanes made landfall in the United States last year -- Dolly and Gustav. Neither was a major hurricane at the time it came ashore.
highlights: AccuWeather forecast joins three others predicting milder hurricane season . Latest forecast: 13 named storms, 8 hurricanes in 2009 Atlantic season . Predictions likely to be tweaked closer to the season, June 1 to November 30 . Last year was fourth busiest Atlantic hurricane season since 1944 .
id: e70218d1d6416f23f7e75204f1c55121643a0c26
chatgpt: As experts closely monitor the upcoming Atlantic hurricane season, four major forecasts are now predicting a milder season than last year. AccuWeather is the latest to join the group, predicting 13 named storms and 8 hurricanes for the 2009 season. This is a notable change from last year, which was the fourth-busiest Atlantic hurricane season on record since 1944. The 2008 season brought 16 named storms, 8 hurricanes, and 5 major hurricanes that caused significant damage in the United States and the Caribbean. AccuWeather's forecast is in line with the prediction made by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), which also expects 13-16 named storms, 7-9 hurricanes, and 3-5 major hurricanes. Other forecasts predict 11-14 named storms and 6-8 hurricanes. While these early predictions provide valuable insight, forecasters emphasize that the forecasts will likely be tweaked closer to the actual hurricane season, which runs from June 1 to November 30. Factors that influence the intensity of the hurricane season include sea surface temperatures, wind shear, and the El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) pattern in the Pacific Ocean. Weather experts note that sea surface temperatures in the Atlantic are currently cooler than average, which could suppress hurricane activity. On the other hand, the ongoing ENSO pattern is in a neutral phase, meaning it is neither favorable nor unfavorable for hurricane development. Even with the milder forecast, experts caution that it only takes one major hurricane to cause significant damage and disruption. Therefore, it is important for residents in hurricane-prone regions to be prepared for any potential storms. As part of hurricane preparedness, experts recommend having an emergency supply kit containing essential items like food, water, and medication. Additionally, it is important to have a plan in place for evacuation or staying in place during a hurricane. In light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, officials are also urging people to modify their hurricane preparedness plans to prevent the spread of the virus. This may include wearing masks and practicing social distancing during evacuations or seeking shelter. While the 2020 Atlantic hurricane season may be milder than last year's, it is still important for residents in coastal regions to remain vigilant and take proactive steps to prepare for any potential storms. With careful planning and preparation, communities can stay safe and minimize potential damage from hurricanes.