article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 05:21 EST, 12 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:48 EST, 12 December 2013 . A father-of-four was left 'shocked' after he discovered X-rated channels on a hospital television in a children's unit where his newborn son was receiving treatment. Pornographic channels had been left unblocked on televisions in the Paediatric Assessment Unit at Birmingham Children's Hospital. The hospital has apologised for the mistake and confirmed two out of 19 televisions on the unit did not have the correct channel restrictions. Birmingham Children's Hospital said two out of 19 televisions on its Paediatric Assessment Unit did not have the correct channel restrictions . The father, who did not want to be identified, told The Sun he discovered the channels while his newborn son was falling asleep as he was in the hospital for a chest infection. He said: 'I was just flicking through the TV channels when suddenly Babestation came on. 'I carried on and there were a couple more not blocked - I was shocked.' The man said he was told by staff that all children were supervised, but he claimed many did spend time alone in their rooms. A hospital spokesman has told MailOnline members of the nursing team switch off televisions at 9pm as part of normal ward practice each night. The spokesman said parents are able to turn the televisions back on if they choose after this time. The hospital has said members of the nursing team switch off televisions at 9pm as part of normal ward practice . The spokesman said: 'We take all comments and feedback that we receive from our children, young people and their families very seriously. 'This is the first time we have been informed of any issues with our television channels and we are very grateful to this particular family for raising their concerns with us. 'Our bedside televisions have standard Freeview channels and we take all steps possible to restrict channels that are not suitable for children and young people. 'Normal ward practice each night is that every bedside television is switched off by members of our nursing team at 9pm, to allow our poorly children to sleep. 'We are aware, however, that a small number of parents choose to watch the bedside televisions after this time. 'Since receiving this feedback, we have responded immediately and have identified two of our bedside televisions in our Paediatric Assessment Unit that do not have the same channel restrictions as the other 17 on the ward. 'We are now taking the appropriate steps to rectify this and we will continue to regularly check all of our bedside televisions across the hospital, to ensure that they have the appropriate channel restrictions in place.'
highlights: Shocked father discovered channels at Birmingham Children's Hospital . Hospital said two out of 19 TVs on unit did not have correct restrictions . A spokesman said steps were being taken to correct the mistake . They said normal ward practice was for TVs to be turned off at 9pm .
id: 571246923bf16ec4aa7a9d719062213426ffd9cf
chatgpt: In a shocking discovery, a father has found inappropriate channels being broadcasted on TVs in a children's hospital in Birmingham. The incident took place on the children's ward, where the father had taken his child for treatment. To his dismay, he found that some of the channels being broadcasted were certainly not meant for children, and the hospital had failed to put in place proper safeguards against such content. According to the father, who wished to remain anonymous, two out of the 19 TVs in the ward were showing inappropriate channels, including graphic content not suitable for children. This was deeply concerning for the father, who was there with his child for sensitive treatment. He was shocked that such channels could be accessible on a ward meant for children and made a complaint to the hospital authorities. In response to the complaint, a hospital spokesperson confirmed that an investigation had been launched and that steps were being taken to correct the mistake. They also confirmed that normal ward practice was for TVs to be turned off at 9 pm. The spokesperson stated that the hospital had strict safeguarding measures in place to ensure appropriate content was being viewed by patients of all ages but admitted that on this occasion the safeguards had failed. The hospital has reassured parents and the general public that they take the safety and welfare of their patients very seriously and are doing everything in their power to prevent any such issues in the future. The hospital spokesperson confirmed that all the TVs on the ward, along with their content, would be reviewed and that there would be an overhaul of the current procedures to ensure that similar incidents do not occur again. Parents who have visited the ward following the incident have expressed their gratitude to the father for speaking out and raising the issue. They have also said that they have noticed improvement in the content being shown on the television. Parents visiting the ward have said that they feel a lot more comfortable knowing that the hospital is taking active steps to correct the issue. In conclusion, the incident is a wake-up call for hospitals to ensure that their safeguarding measures are up-to-date, and the correct channels are being shown. It is reassuring to know that the hospital authorities are taking active steps to correct the issue, and parents can rest assured that their children are safe while they get the treatment they need. It is also an important reminder to all parents to be vigilant and report any such incidents that may come to their attention, ensuring that our children's safety is not put at risk.