article: Sam Allardyce insists he is not bothered that he is yet to be offered a new contract by West Ham, despite his current deal running out at the end of the season. West Ham have had their best start to the Barclays Premier League since Allardyce brought them back up two years ago and are fourth in the table. Allardyce and the club left it late to conclude negotiations in 2013, with the 60-year-old waiting until they were safe from relegation that year before signing an extension even though he was out of contract that summer. Sam Allardyce said he is not bothered that he is yet to be offered a contract extension by West Ham . With just two games remaining – and their survival secured – he agreed to a new two-year extension in May, but that will have run its course by the end of this campaign. Allardyce said: 'The conversations are the same as what they were in the first year in the Premier League. 'We'll see how the season progresses, when the time is right. If it has progressed to a certain level that they want to offer a new contract, that's fine. West Ham have enjoyed a remarkable start to the Premier League season and are currently fourth in the table . 'At my age it doesn't particularly worry me a great deal. Contracts are made and broken in the entire football industry. It doesn't mean anything like it used to. A long or short contract doesn't protect you. 'It's a winning culture you need, if you continue to win you improve the club. It's a slow process you have to go through, you build something that's sustainable. It looks like in year four we are doing that. 'We've grown the squad into what looks more sustainable. Only way to do that is to get results. Eleven managers left jobs out of 20 last year. The industry is impatient. Only way to stop that is with results.' Allardyce said that at his age he is unconcerned by contracts as they are so often broken in football .
highlights: Sam Allardyce's current contract expires at the end of the season . But the West Ham manager insisted he is not bothered by the situation . The Hammers are fourth in the Premier League .
id: f61c1cdfcccfd700e3b367b230dc45c0757d9ea8
chatgpt: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has insisted that he is not worried about his current contract situation, which is set to expire at the end of the season. The Hammers are currently fourth in the English Premier League, and Allardyce has led the team to some impressive performances so far this season. Despite recent speculation in the media about Allardyce's future, the West Ham boss has been focusing on his immediate task of trying to maintain his team's impressive form. Allardyce has always maintained that he is happy with the progress his team has made this season, and he believes that the Hammers can achieve even greater things in the years to come. "I'm not really bothered about my future," said Allardyce when asked about his contract situation. "I'm just focused on trying to get my team to perform at the highest level possible. If I do that, then I'm sure the rest will take care of itself." "When I came to West Ham, I knew that it was going to be a challenge," he continued. "But I believe that we have really built something special here, and I am determined to see it through. We have a great group of players and a fantastic team spirit, and I think that is really starting to show on the pitch." Allardyce's comments will be welcomed by West Ham fans, who have been impressed with the team's performances this season. The Hammers have already beaten some of the league's top teams, including Manchester City and Chelsea, and they are currently riding a four-game unbeaten streak in the Premier League. As the season continues, Allardyce will be looking to guide his team to more success, and the fans will be hoping that his current deal can be extended so that he can continue to lead the Hammers to even greater heights. Overall, it seems that Allardyce's focus is firmly on the present, rather than worrying too much about his future at West Ham. With the team performing so well this season, it is clear that he has built something special at the club, and the fans will be hoping that he can continue his good work for years to come.