article: (CNN) -- The parents of a Texas toddler are struggling for answers days after their young son mysteriously disappeared from a house full of people. Sabrina Benitez, the 18-month-old's mother, said she believes the boy was abducted -- insisting it would have been all but impossible for her boy to go outside. Even if he did, Benitez said, the toddler would have been smart enough to try to get back in or would have been spotted by now. But New Braunfels Police Lt. Michael Penshorn said as of Monday, it's most likely that young Joshua Davis Jr. left the home without anyone noticing or taking him. "The first scenario that we are looking at is that somehow the child was able to exit the house ... and basically disappear into the night," he told HLN's Nancy Grace on Monday. Benitez, also speaking on HLN, said she was watching "Toy Story" with Joshua shortly before 8 p.m. Friday when he left the room, heading toward where six other adults and another child were. About 10 minutes later, when the boy hadn't come back to watch the video or pick up a toy, Benitez asked the others about his whereabouts. But Joshua was nowhere to be found, neither inside nor outside the house. Within minutes, family members called police -- who investigated the scene and sent an alert to 2,500 nearby residents. One individual came in and out of the house between when Benitez last saw the toddler and reported him missing, but that person is not considered a suspect. Penshorn said police don't think anyone at the house took the child. No Amber Alert has been issued for Joshua because such an alert typically requires solid evidence that an abduction took place. "If for some reason somebody came and took that child, not only would (the people inside) have seen the child leave the residence, but they would have seen somebody come inside and take him," Penshorn said. Still, Benitez said her toddler couldn't have gotten outside himself, noting he wasn't tall enough to turn a doorknob. "The only way that the baby would have gotten out the door is (if) the front door (was) open," she said. "But we had the doors closed." Ice covered the steps outside, leading Benitez to believe that there would be signs of Josh if he did get out. Still, as of Monday, police searches involving people, helicopters and dogs hadn't led to any signs of the boy. "They had scent dogs out here, and (they) said there was no scent of him leaving the yard," the toddler's father, Josh Davis Sr., told CNN affiliate KENS. "So I don't see how he could have wandered off, or else they would have picked something up."
highlights: Family members and Texas police are looking for 18-month-old Joshua Davis Jr. Joshua's mother says the boy went to another room and hasn't been seen since . She fears the toddler was abducted, while police say the boy most likely left unwittingly .
id: e26e88fab2eb06fb6f0cfa63d6e7986b2e69e5ef
chatgpt: Family and law enforcement officials are frantically searching for 18-month-old Joshua Davis Jr., who disappeared from his home on Tuesday. The toddler's distraught mother reported that she last saw Joshua in another room before his disappearance. She fears that he was abducted or may have wandered away. The situation has caught the attention of many in the community who have taken to social media to help spread the word about the missing child. The police are also actively involved in the search and have deployed numerous search and rescue teams, including dogs and drones. The authorities say they have received several tips and leads but have not yet determined what happened to the toddler. "At this point, we're considering all possibilities," said a spokesperson for the police department. "We can't rule out the possibility of foul play, but it's also possible that Joshua wandered away on his own." The FBI has also joined the search and is offering a $10,000 reward for information that leads to the safe return of the boy. Authorities are urging anyone who may have seen Joshua or has any information to come forward. Joshua's mother is distraught and has pleaded with the public to help find her son. "I just want my baby back," she said. "I don't know what happened to him, but I know he wouldn't just leave on his own." The case has attracted widespread attention and has reignited concerns about child safety, especially in Texas where the rate of missing children is significantly higher than the national average. The community has come together to offer support to the family and to help find Joshua. Local volunteers have been organizing search parties and distributing flyers with Joshua's photo and description. The community has also been raising funds to help with the search efforts and to offer support to the family during this difficult time. As the search for Joshua continues, the community is holding onto hope that he will be found safe and reunited with his family soon. The authorities and volunteers are urging anyone with information to come forward and to keep an eye out for the missing 18-month-old.