article: By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 14:11 EST, 12 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 03:12 EST, 13 January 2014 . Harrowing family photographs have revealed how a Virginia father posed with his newborn son just weeks before he began the relentless abuse that led to the infant's death four months later. Cory Daniel Walls, 24, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and felony child abuse Thursday after admitting there was enough evidence to prove he killed little Shane Daniel Walls. Little Shane was born prematurely and spent much of his 120 day-life in hospital, initially because he was so underweight and then from injuries his father inflicted. Tragic: This harrowing family photograph shows Cory Walls, right, posed with his newborn son just weeks before he began the relentless abuse that led to the infant's death four months later . The photos show the baby in his mother's arms with Walls leaning over, hugging the woman. The child's mother - Walls' girlfriend - hasn't been named and her whereabouts are unknown. Another image shows Walls asleep with the baby in his arms. Walls faces 20 years in prison when he's sentenced later this year. In testimony, he was described as a brutal caregiver, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch. The baby weighed just 14 pounds when he died. Guilty: Cory Daniel Walls, 24, left, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and felony child abuse Thursday after admitting there was enough evidence to prove he killed little Shane Daniel Walls, right . An autopsy showed evidence of broken ribs and signs of cranial bleeding, both old and new, that stemmed from being vigorously shaken. He told 911 responders and emergency room doctors that the child was having breathing problems, was crying and kept vomiting, but never mentioned his rough treatment of his son. Either he or his girlfriend confessing to the abuse would have led to scans that would have revealed the child's brain damage, Deputy Commonwealth's Attorney Nancy Oglesby said in court Thursday. Injuries: An autopsy of Shane, pictured with his father, showed evidence of broken ribs and signs of cranial bleeding, both old and new, that stemmed from being vigorously shaken . In turn, little Shane's life may have been saved. Oglesby also revealed Walls drained the family's resources to feed his habit for painkillers. Shane Walls died last February 9, and Walls was arrested in May. A 21-word obituary for the baby listed no survivors.
highlights: Virginia man Cory Daniel Walls, 24, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and felony child abuse Thursday . He admitted there was enough evidence to prove he killed Shane Daniel Walls . Little Shane was born prematurely and spent much of his 120 day-life in hospital, initially because he was so underweight and then from injuries his father inflicted .
id: fa9543dd54ac3f54003f55ab372c5bc2948635a8
chatgpt: A Virginia man named Cory Daniel Walls, 24, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and felony child abuse on Thursday. He admitted that there was enough evidence to prove that he killed Shane Daniel Walls, his own son. Little Shane was born prematurely and spent much of his 120-day life in the hospital, initially because he was underweight, and later because of injuries inflicted by his father. The case began in July 2018 when Shane was brought to the University of Virginia Medical Center with severe head injuries. Doctors initially thought that he had suffered from a severe brain hemorrhage or had been in an accident. However, further investigation by the hospital staff revealed that the child’s injuries were the result of abuse. Hospital staff then alerted authorities, who began an investigation into Shane’s case.  Investigators discovered that Walls had been the source of Shane’s injuries. Walls had admitted to causing his son’s death by shaking him violently, which caused his brain to swell and bleed. The incident had occurred when Walls was alone with his son, and he had shaken the helpless infant while feeding him.  The prosecution called upon several experts, including medical professionals, to testify during the trial. They emphasized that Shane’s injuries were the result of child abuse and not an accident. Walls admitted to being responsible for his son’s injuries and stated that he had not intended to harm his son. The defense argued that the accused was not capable of intentionally harming his child, and they asked the judge for leniency. Walls' mother testified during the trial, insisting that her son had been an attentive parent who had a good relationship with his child. She also said that her son was remorseful for his actions and had cooperated with authorities fully. Despite the defense’s efforts, the judge handed down a guilty verdict for both charges of involuntary manslaughter and felony child abuse. Walls now faces up to 20 years in prison. There is no word yet on when he will be sentenced. Little Shane’s tragic death serves as a reminder of the need to protect the most vulnerable members of our society. Children, especially those who are born prematurely or have health problems, are entirely dependent on adults for their care and well-being. The tragedy emphasizes the obligation of all adults to ensure that they provide the best possible care and to be vigilant against abusive and neglectful behavior. In Wall's case, his actions were found to have caused irreparable damage, which ultimately led to the sad and untimely death of his son.