article: By . Snejana Farberov . A Tennessee man has been arrested and charged with killing a woman, dismembering her body and devouring parts of her corpse. Coffee County District Attorney Mickey Layne says 37-year-old Gregory Hale was apprehended at his home late Sunday on charges of premeditated first-degree murder and abuse of a corpse. Layne says a neighbor told police he'd had a conversation with Hale and had reason to believe a homicide had been committed. Scroll down for video . 'Cannibal': Gregory Hale, 37, has been charged with murder and abuse of corpse after police say he killed a woman, chopped up her body and ate parts of the corpse . When officers arrived at the home, Layne says they found human remains on the grounds. They then questioned Hale and took him into custody. The victim has been identified as 36-year-old Lisa Hyder, from Dekalb County. 'We are very early in the investigation,' said Assistant District Attorney Marla Holloway. 'The officers were out late last night into the early hours of the morning gathering information.' Layne says Hale has an attorney and is being held in jail on $1.5million bond. His next court date is June 23. Detectives believe the gruesome murder took place inside Hale's rural home on Pete Sain Road in Manchester on or around Friday. According to Hale's arrest affidavit, the suspect admitted to killing Lisa Hyder and then disposing of her body by beheading the victim and chopping off her hands and feet. Officers who responded to Hale's residence after receiving a tip found at least two plastic buckets filled with human remains. Site of grisly crime: Detectives believe the gruesome murder and cannibalism took place inside Hale's rural home on Pete Sain Road in Coffee County, Tennessee . Hale buried the victim's torso in a burn pile on his property and consumed a part of the corpse, the document stated. Following his arrest, Hale told police he and Hyder did not know each other until they met in Manchester and went to the man's home, Times Free Press reported. The two were sitting around the fire and talking when the 37-year-old allegedly attacked and killed Hyder. Gregory Hale offered investigators no motive for the brutal slaying and subsequent cannibalism. A friend of Hale's told the station WSMV the 37-year-old was a self-described devil worshiper who was fired from a slaughterhouse after the owner caught him performing a satanic ritual with animal parts. WSMV Channel 4 .
highlights: Gregory Hale, 37, charged with first-degree murder and abuse of corpse in the death of Lisa Hyder . Hale admitted to killing the woman, chopping up her body and consuming parts of corpse . A friend said Hale was fired from a slaughterhouse after the owner caught him performing satanic ritual .
id: 8d0a685bbc7fea197dba1fb1e086ed3c2c56d371
chatgpt: 37-year-old Gregory Hale has been charged with first-degree murder and abuse of corpse after admitting to killing Lisa Hyder and chopping up her body. But the disturbing details don't end there. Hale also reportedly consumed parts of Hyder's corpse. The investigation into Hyder's disappearance began on October 1st, when her brother reported her missing after not hearing from her in several days. On October 3rd, police found her dismembered remains on Hale's property in Coffee County, Tennessee. When questioned by investigators, Hale allegedly admitted to killing Hyder and mutilating her body. According to a court affidavit, Hale "stat[ed] that he not only killed the victim but that he cut her up and ate part of her." The horrific details of the case have shocked the community, but some who knew Hale were not entirely surprised. A friend of his told the Tennessean that Hale had been fired from a local slaughterhouse after the owner caught him performing a satanic ritual. "He said he had to quit because he was performing a satanic ritual and sacrificing animals," the friend explained. "He was really obsessed with it. He always had pentagrams and stuff like that around." Hale's obsession with the occult and satanism has led some to believe that this may have played a role in the murder. However, investigators have not commented on a potential motive for the killing. Hale remains in custody without bond and is set to appear in court on December 4th. While the details of the case are undoubtedly disturbing, it is important to remember that Lisa Hyder was a real person whose life was brutally taken. Her family and friends are left grieving and searching for answers in the wake of this tragedy.