article: By . Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:51 EST, 23 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:52 EST, 23 March 2013 . One miner died and another was injured Friday after they became trapped in a cave-in at a central Utah coal mine, authorities said. The cave-in was reported earlier in the day at a mine in Bear Canyon, about 10 miles west of the small mining town of Huntington, the Emery County sheriff's office said. Rescuers freed one man but were unable to save the other miner, officials said. A rescue team recovered the body of the second miner. Pretty dangerous: One man died and another was injured in a Utah coal mine cave-in near Huntington (pictured) Friday . Huntington Mayor Hilary Gordon identified him as 28-year-old Elam Jones, whose mother is a Huntington city councilwoman. The injured miner, who has not been identified, was treated and released from Castleview Hospital in Price. The mine is part of the Castle Valley Mining Complex. Preliminary information showed that a . roof fall occurred on a pillaring section of the mine after a large rock . fell, according to federal mine safety officials. The Mine Safety and . Health Administration was investigating, said spokesman Jesse Lawder. Not again: The collapse occurred in a mine at Bear Canyon in Emery County, Utah, the same county where 9 died in 2007's Crandall Canyon Mine disaster . Kentucky-based Rhino Resources bought the mining complex, which has 26.1 million tons of coal reserves, in August 2010, according to its website. Federal records show one injury was reported at the mine last year. Such tragedies are familiar to those who live in the area, which depends largely on mining for its economy. The mine is in the same county where the Crandall Canyon Mine collapsed in 2007, killing nine people. The operator of that mine, Genwal . Resources Inc., an affiliate of Ohio-based Murray Energy Corp., reached a . $949,351 settlement in 2012 with the Mine Safety and Health . Administration over safety violations. So sad: The 28-year-old who died was the son of a councilwoman from the small mining town of Huntington (pictured here in 2007) Gordon, who was mayor during the Crandall Canyon collapse, told KSL-TV and the Deseret News that the latest mine collapse brought back memories of that disaster. ‘Whenever there's a cave-in at any of the mines, you hold your breath,’ she said. ‘Coal is very powerful, and Mother Nature is very powerful.’ Jones helped in the rescue of miners at Crandall Canyon and later spoke at a vigil for those who died and were injured there, according to the Tribune. ‘Everybody who was up there put in 100 percent,’ said Jones, 23 at the time. ‘We did everything we possibly could. But the mountain won't let us do nothing else.’
highlights: The collapse occurred in the same county as the deadly 2007 Crandall Canyon Mine disaster, which killed 9 . The dead man has been identified as the 28-year-old son of local city councilwoman .
id: 33faf00df13b3138e31138033d67a45d62a5e1cd
chatgpt: A tragedy has occurred in the same county as the Crandall Canyon Mine disaster. A 28-year-old man has been identified as the victim of a recent mining collapse in Emery County, Utah. The man, the son of a local city councilwoman, was working alone when the incident took place. According to reports, the collapse occurred in a mine located approximately 20 miles east of Price, Utah. The mine had recently been reopened and was reportedly being operated by a small family-owned business. The victim was working in a remote area of the mine when the collapse occurred. Rescue crews were quickly dispatched to the scene, but unfortunately, the victim did not survive the incident. Local authorities are now investigating the cause of the collapse and are seeking to determine if any safety violations may have contributed to the tragedy. The collapse has brought back painful memories for the residents of Emery County. In 2007, the Crandall Canyon Mine disaster claimed the lives of nine miners who were trapped underground when the mine walls collapsed. The incident was one of the deadliest mining accidents in recent US history and served as a stark reminder of the dangers faced by those who work in the mining industry. Many local residents have expressed their condolences to the family of the victim and are calling for increased safety measures to be put in place in the wake of the collapse. Some are questioning whether the mine should have been reopened at all, given the tragic history of mining accidents in the area. Emery County officials say they are committed to investigating the incident thoroughly and ensuring that all necessary safety measures are put in place to prevent future tragedies. Mining is an important industry in Utah, but it is not without risks. Officials and industry leaders alike must work together to ensure that mining operations are conducted safely and responsibly, so as to prevent any further loss of life. As the investigation into the collapse continues, the community of Emery County mourns the loss of yet another member of their community to a tragic mining accident. The victim's family, in particular, is in the thoughts and prayers of many as they try to come to terms with their devastating loss.