article: Stuck: Firefighters had to break apart a chimney to extract Genoveva Nunez-Figueroa, 30, who had gotten stuck while trying to break into a home . Firefighters took apart a chimney brick by brick and then squirted in dish soap while freeing a woman who got stuck while allegedly trying to burglarize a home in California. Neighbors heard the sound of a woman crying coming from the chimney of a two-story home in Thousand Oaks early Sunday morning. ABC reports that when police arrived, they found Genoveva Nunez-Figueroa, 30, still conscious but stuck near the top of the flue. Firefighters used handheld demolition hammers to remove bricks from the chimney in order to get down to where Nunez-Figueroa was trapped. Once they reached her, they poured soap down the chimney to make removal easier, according to Ventura County Fire Department spokesperson Captain Mike Lindbery. 'Chimney flue was lubricated with dish soap prior to hoisting patient,' read the accompanying caption to a photo of the rescue tweeted from Lindbery's account. Nunez-Figueroa was lifted out of the destroyed chimney and taken to the hospital for an evaluation before being arrested for illegal entry and giving false information to a peace officer. The homeowner spoke to CBS and said that he met the woman online, and that this was not her first time trying to break into his home. 'It’s actually the second attempt for her trying to access the inside of my house,' he said, 'from the roof.' Demolition: Using handheld jackhammers, firefighters went to work tearing apart the chimney to free Nunez-Figueroa . Repeat offender: The homeowner claimed that this was not the first time that Nunez-Figueroa had attempted to break in through the roof . Lubrication: Firefighters sprayed liquid dish soap down the flue in order to make it easier to extract Nunez-Figueroa . Extracted: Firefighters lifted Nunez-Figueroa from a destroyed chimney after lubricating the flue with dish soap to make removing her easier . 'I’m feeling better, not so weirded out anymore that that person isn’t in my chimney anymore,' the homeowner said. 'Trying to figure out what I’m going to do with my chimney since it’s in pieces but better my chimney than probably me,' he added. Nunez-Figueroa's family has offered to pay the homeowner for his destroyed chimney.
highlights: Police responded to calls that crying was heard from the chimney in a home in Thousand Oaks early Sunday morning . Firefighters used demolition hammers to break apart the chimney and poured dish soap down the flue to make extraction easier . Genoveva Nunez-Figueroa, 30, was pulled from the chimney still conscious and charged with illegal entry . This was not the first time she had tried to break into the home, according to the homeowner, who had dated Nunez-Figueroa after meeting online .
id: 1b2409425ca29877ccabc7ebef28ce9beee9f014
chatgpt: Residents in Thousand Oaks woke up on Sunday to the sounds of police and fire trucks responding to a strange situation at a local home. Police received calls from concerned neighbors that they could hear someone crying from inside a chimney in a home on Hillcrest Drive. Firefighters arrived at the scene shortly afterward and used demolition hammers to break apart the chimney from the top in an effort to free whoever was trapped inside. In a bit of an unorthodox tactic, they also poured dish soap down the flue in an attempt to make any extraction easier. After several hours, the rescue mission was successful as Genoveva Nunez-Figueroa, 30, was pulled from the chimney. To the surprise of all involved, Nunez-Figueroa was conscious and alert, but in need of medical attention. Once out of the chimney, Nunez-Figueroa was handcuffed and taken into police custody where she was charged with illegal entry into the home. This was not the first time that Nunez-Figueroa had tried to break into the home, according to the homeowner. The two had met online and had a brief relationship that had ended months before. Despite no longer being involved with the homeowner, Nunez-Figueroa allegedly attempted to break into the home in the past, although her attempts were unsuccessful. While it is unclear how long Nunez-Figueroa had been in the chimney, this latest incident received national attention and highlights the dangers of attempting to enter a home through its chimney. Fire officials remind everyone that chimneys are not designed for people to climb or descend and that attempting to do so is not only illegal but also very dangerous. In a statement released to the press, the Thousand Oaks Police Department expressed its appreciation to the concerned neighbors who reported the incident and to the firefighters who successfully extricated Nunez-Figueroa from the chimney. The department also reminded the public to report any suspicious activity and to take precautions to safeguard their homes. In conclusion, this bizarre incident serves as a warning about the dangers of illegal entry into homes, particularly through chimneys. Hopefully, it will also serve as a wake-up call to anyone contemplating such an act to think about the potential outcomes and avoid such reckless behavior.