article: Stockholm, Sweden (CNN) -- A suspected serial shooter is keeping a city in southern Sweden on edge. Police say as many as 15 shootings in Malmo over the last year may be linked to a single perpetrator who is targeting immigrants living in the city. Investigators have no suspects. The shootings have all been well planned, under the protection of darkness and at places familiar to the shooter, according to CNN's Swedish affiliate TV4, citing police. Several of the shootings have occurred in recent weeks, police say. On Thursday evening, two immigrant women were wounded when shot through their apartment window. "I'm almost afraid of turning on the light in my apartment at night now," Shukrije Berisha, who lives in the same building, told the Swedish daily Svenska Dagbladet. In similar incidents, two men of an "ethnic minority background" were recently shot while waiting at bus stops, according to police. One of them "was lucky to be alive after being shot in the torso," Malmo police superintendent Hans Nilsson told CNN. "The shooter was most likely waiting in the bushes before firing his weapon," Nilsson said. Victim Basi Hassan told TV4, "I was standing here at the bus stop when I suddenly heard a shot. I don't know where it came from. Then I saw my own blood and I started feeling dizzy." The latest report of a shooting came late Friday evening, when a male immigrant reported he was shot at while riding his bicycle. The Swedish National Murder Commission and the Swedish National Criminal Police have launched a major operation together with local police to find the gunman. A group of psychologists is trying to profile the shooter's behavior before, during and after the attacks. Police have also increased the number of officers and K-9 units patrolling the city. In Malmo, where nearly a third of the residents are immigrants, many now fear for their safety. One 17-year-old girl, identified only as Fatima, told TV4 that she refuses to go to school by bicycle or bus and will only travel by car now. "I couldn't sleep last night. I just couldn't stop thinking about it," she said. The shootings also bring back memories of Sweden's "Laser-man," a shooter who was targeting immigrants in Stockholm in the 1990s with a laser-aimed rifle. "We haven't had anything this big here in Sweden since the Laser-man was around," Nilsson said. The recent slew of shootings has also prompted a mobile phone text message that has circulated among Malmo's youth. According to Nilsson, the text states: "A killer is loose in Malmo so stay indoors." "We are very clear that we are not behind this text message, but we can also understand that people are worried," he said. Malmo Mayor Katrin Stjernfeldt Jammeh says she is angered by the shootings. "It is awful that people should have to be worried and feel fear for walking our streets," she said.
highlights: Shooter targeting immigrants, police say . 15 cases could be linked to unknown shooter . Attacks have happened in southern town of Malmo .
id: 5d4ce3f36d119a03b1e6c8c88dd69f7ea0877f6b
chatgpt: Police in the southern Swedish town of Malmo are investigating a string of attacks that could be linked to a shooter targeting immigrants. The authorities have recorded 15 separate shootings in the city over the past few months, and it is believed that the same unknown individual may have been responsible for many of them. The attacks began in late 2019, with the assailant first targeting members of the Malmo Iranian community. Since then, the shooter has focused on other immigrant groups, including those of Syrian and Iraqi origin. "It's clear that this person seems to be targeting people with foreign backgrounds," said Malmo Police Superintendent Nils Norling in an interview with local media. "We don't know who they are or what their motive might be, but we are working hard to catch them before they can do any more damage." While none of the attacks have been fatal, several people have been injured. In one case, a 22-year-old man was shot in the leg while walking home from work. In another, a bullet narrowly missed a baby sleeping in its crib. The incidents have sparked concern among both the immigrant communities in Malmo and their supporters. Organizations such as Amnesty International have condemned the attacks and called on the Swedish authorities to do more to protect vulnerable groups from violence and discrimination. "Sweden has a long tradition of welcoming refugees and immigrants, but this kind of violence towards ethnic and religious minorities cannot be tolerated," said Amnesty International's Sweden campaigner, Ali Hultqvist. "The government must take action to ensure that all people in the country can live without fear for their safety." One of the challenges facing the authorities is the fact that the shooter appears to be targeting victims at random. "We don't have any clear evidence to suggest that the victims are linked in any way," said Superintendent Norling. "Nor do we have any credible leads on who the shooter might be." Despite this, the police have launched an intensive investigation into the attacks, with officers examining bullet casings, analyzing CCTV footage, and conducting witness interviews. They have also called in reinforcements from other parts of the country to help them tackle the problem. "The safety of all our citizens is our top priority," said Malmo Mayor Katrin Stjernfeldt Jammeh in a statement. "We will do everything in our power to catch the person responsible for these heinous crimes and bring them to justice." The attacks have prompted renewed debate about immigration and integration in Sweden, with some politicians calling for tougher measures to combat racism and ethnic profiling. Others, however, argue that the solution lies in greater support for immigrant communities, including improved education and employment opportunities. For now, the people of Malmo can only hope that the shooter is caught before they strike again. "We are afraid to go out at night," said one resident, who asked not to be named. "We don't know where the next bullet will come from."