article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- The U.S. State Department has sold its London embassy building to a Qatari real estate company, the embassy announced Tuesday. The signing of the deal is another major step in the embassy's plans to relocate from its longtime headquarters in central London to a new site in Wandsworth, on the south bank of the River Thames. It wasn't immediately clear how much Qatari Diar Real Estate paid for the embassy building in Grosvenor Square, whose 1960s facade was recently given listed status, meaning its design can't be changed. The embassy will continue to operate from the current building until the new one is completed in 2016 or 2017, the embassy said. Construction is expected to begin in 2012 or 2013. It was a year ago that the embassy announced it was looking for a new site that is more modern, open, and secure than the current building in London's West End. It has now settled on a site in Wandsworth and is having a design competition for the new building. When the embassy does move to Wandsworth, it will mark the end of a more than 200-year association with Grosvenor Square, in the historic and exclusive neighborhood of Mayfair near Hyde Park. John Adams, who later became U.S. president, lived on the square from 1785 to 1788, when he was the first U.S. minister to the Court of St. James. The building in which he lived still stands in the square's northeast corner. The embassy moved to various locations in the West End before returning to Grosvenor Square in 1938. For years, it occupied a building on the east side of the square -- a building that now houses the Canadian High Commission. During World War II, the square was known as "Little America" because the embassy was on one side and Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower's headquarters were on the other. The embassy moved to its current site, occupying the entire west side of the square, when the building was completed in 1960. The concrete, four-story structure was designed by Eero Saarinen, who also designed the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri, and the U.S. Air Force Academy Chapel in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Since the September 11 attacks in 2001, the embassy has caused controversy locally by installing blast walls in a wide perimeter around the building. Neighbors complained the walls were unsightly, and the walls caused the road in front of the building to be closed to traffic. Sitting atop the building at the front is a huge gilded aluminum eagle with a 35-foot wingspan. It is not clear whether the eagle will be considered part of the building's listed status, meaning it will have to stay on the facade, or whether it can be moved to the new location, according to a spokesman for the realty firm Cushman and Wakefield, which advised the United States on the sale.
highlights: Qatari firm buys landmark U.S. Embassy building in Grosvenor Square . State Department moving quarters to new building to be finished by 2017 . Post 9/11 protections have drawn criticism from embassy's neighbors .
id: 1841199f084228d7aae4fde3b595594e431b9245
chatgpt: In a stunning development that has raised eyebrows around the world, a Qatari firm has purchased the landmark U.S. Embassy building in London's Grosvenor Square. The sale was confirmed on Thursday by both the U.S. State Department and the Qatari Embassy in London. The building, which has stood since 1960, has long been regarded as an icon of American power and prestige in the heart of London's historic Mayfair district. Its sale to a foreign entity has therefore come as a shock to both the general public and diplomatic circles alike. However, the move is not entirely unexpected. The U.S. State Department has been planning to move its quarters to a new building in the Nine Elms area of London by 2017, and the sale of the Grosvenor Square property was seen as a necessary step in financing the move. Ironically, the sale has come amid mounting criticism from the embassy's neighbors over security measures put in place following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In recent years, the embassy has been surrounded by an imposing ring of barricades and steel barriers designed to prevent any potential terrorist attack. While these measures have undoubtedly contributed to the safety of the embassy and its staff, they have also had the unintended effect of creating a virtual fortress in the heart of a normally residential neighborhood. Some residents of Mayfair have complained that the massive security apparatus has made the area less safe by attracting potential terrorist threats. The Qatari firm, which has not yet been formally named, has reportedly paid around $650 million for the property, making it one of the largest single real estate transactions in London's history. While the move has been hailed as a major coup for Qatar, it has also raised concerns among some observers about the extent of foreign ownership of prime real estate in London. The sale also highlights the growing influence of petrodollars in the global economy. Qatar, a tiny but immensely wealthy Gulf state, has been aggressively investing in foreign assets in recent years, particularly in Europe and the United States. Some have seen this as a calculated attempt to project Qatari power and influence on the global stage. The U.S. State Department, for its part, has described the sale as a necessary step in protecting American interests in London. "We're always looking for ways to improve the efficiency and security of our diplomatic missions around the world," said a State Department spokesperson. "This sale will allow us to move to a new facility that better meets our needs in the 21st century." Whatever the merits of the sale, there is no doubt that it marks the end of an era for the U.S. Embassy in London. For decades, the Grosvenor Square property has been a symbol of American power and influence in Europe. Now, as the U.S. prepares to move to a new, more modern facility, the embassy's legacy will be preserved only in the memories of those who remember its golden age.