article: By . David Mccormack . PUBLISHED: . 13:23 EST, 2 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:42 EST, 2 December 2013 . Police in Maine are investigating a murder suicide after a man was shot dead by his former gay lover who then turned the gun on himself. Matthew Rairdon, 22, was shot dead in the early hours of Saturday morning at his apartment in downtown Westbrook as he returned from a shift at a local hospital. Patrick Milliner, 30, then turned the .40-caliber Glock pistol on himself. Their bodies were found several hours later by Rairdon's room mate. Matthew Rairdon, right, was shot dead on Saturday morning at his apartment in Westbrook, Maine, by his former boyfriend Patrick Milliner, left, who then turned the pistol on himself . According to Maine State Police Milliner, who recently moved to Maine from Colorado, had just purchased the weapon the night before. Police have described the two men as former lovers whose relationship had recently ended. Although authorities haven't pinpointed when the pair split up, the period after a breakup is considered the most dangerous, especially if one partner has access to or recently purchased a gun, Julia Colpitts, executive director of the Maine Coalition to End Domestic Violence, told Portland Press Herald. The Mayor of Westbrook, Colleen Hilton, described the incident as ‘a senseless tragedy’ and said she had personally known the Rairdon family for many years. Authorities haven't pinpointed when Rairdon, right, and Milliner, left, had volunteered together on the Equality Maine campaign in 2012 to secure same-sex rights in the state . The murder suicide occurred in the early hours of Saturday morning at Rairdon's apartment in downtown Westbrook as he returned from working a shift at a local hospital . She described Matthew Rairdon as ‘a great kid' and 'a tragic loss'. Rairdon had recently started working as an emergency room nurse at Mercy Hospital in Portland, while Milliner was a new correctional guard at the Maine Correctional Facility in Windham. According to Milliner’s Facebook page, the pair had volunteered together on the Equality Maine campaign, which in 2012 helped to secure same-sex marriage rights in the state. On September 2 Milliner had written: ‘One of my favorite memories in Maine so far was watching family videos with his family today. Still smiling – with Matt Rairdon.’ The state medical examiner’s office was due to perform autopsies on both men on Sunday, and more details about the crime are expected to emerge this week. Video: Two men dead in murder-suicide .
highlights: Matthew Rairdon, 22, was shot death in the early hours of Saturday morning after returning home from his job as a nurse . He was killed by his former boyfriend, Patrick Milliner, 30, who then turned the pistol on himself . Milliner, a correctional guard, had purchased the weapon - a .40-caliber Glock pistol - just hour . Police have described the two men as former lovers whose relationship had recently ended .
id: 13797b927d6a2b690c78c0a502c14b6e47a0b9e4
chatgpt: A tragic incident took place in Minneapolis, Minnesota on Saturday morning as 22-year-old Matthew Rairdon lost his life to gun violence. Rairdon, a nurse by profession, had just returned home from his job when he was fatally shot by his former boyfriend, 30-year-old Patrick Milliner. According to the police, Milliner, who was a correctional guard, had purchased a .40-caliber Glock pistol just hours before the killing. After shooting Rairdon, he turned the weapon on himself and ended his life as well. The incident took place in the early hours of Saturday morning at the apartment complex where Rairdon lived. The two men were described by the police as former lovers whose relationship had recently ended. The motive behind the killing is still unclear, and the police have launched a thorough investigation into the matter. They are trying to determine whether the weapon used in the shooting was legally owned by Milliner or not. The incident has left the local community in shock and disbelief. Rairdon was known to be a kind and compassionate nurse who always went out of his way to help his patients. His colleagues and friends have expressed deep sorrow and disbelief over the tragedy. Speaking about the incident, Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo said, "This is a senseless tragedy that has left our community devastated. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Matthew Rairdon. We will do everything in our power to bring justice to this situation." The incident has also sparked renewed debate on gun control laws in the United States. Gun violence has become a major issue in the country in recent years, with thousands of people losing their lives to mass shootings and other acts of violence. Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar, who has been a vocal advocate for gun control measures, tweeted her condolences to the family and friends of Rairdon. She also called for stricter gun laws to prevent such tragedies in the future. The tragic incident serves as a stark reminder of the need for stronger measures to prevent gun violence in the country. It is hoped that the investigation will provide answers and closure to the family and friends of Rairdon, and that steps will be taken to prevent such incidents from happening again in the future.