article: MMA fighter Cody Gibson told a man to Google his name before being punched in the face and knocked to the ground at a Las Vegas bar. The 27-year-old, nicknamed 'The Renegade', was captured on video in an altercation with another man, wagging his fists after the man had pushed him to the floor. Gibson had already lost a fight that night, to Manny Gamburyan at UFC 178, and he found himself on the floor again after saying: 'Google me, b****'. Cody Gibson (left) raised his fists to the man after being pushed, before the man threw a punch . Age: 27 Nickname: The Renegade . From: Blackwell, Oklahoma, USA . Height: 5ft 10in Weight: 135lbs . Record: 12 wins, five defeats . He was caught with a right hook before attempting to lift the assailant to the floor. The two grappled but the fight was broken up before the situation got out of hand and Gibson had a chance to use full force. Gibson spoke of his regret about the incident the next day on Sherdog Radio. He said: 'When I woke up this morning, I definitely had that pit in the bottom of my stomach, like, "Holy c***. Could I be that guy?" You know, who gets fired over some stupid stuff. Gibson was floored, but then got up and lifted the man from the floor and took him down . A few onlookers got involved before the fight was broken up before any real damage was done . 'This guy was being a typical kind of bro and started saying some stuff to me. At first, I told him I did not want to fight, two or three times. 'He was definitely egging on the situation, and then he started to irritate me,' said Gibson, who said he was intoxicated. 'Then I told him who I was, which was probably the worst idea, because then, after that, I feel like he really wanted to fight.' Gibson (right) had earlier in the night lost to Manvel Gamburyan at the MGM Grand at UFC 178 .
highlights: MMA fighter Cody Gibson told man to Google his name after being pushed . He was then punched in the face by the man in Las Vegas . A scuffle ensued as Gibson lifted the man off the floor, but was eventually broken up . Gibson had earlier lost to Manny Gamburyan at UFC 178 at the MGM Grand .
id: facdfe89441e2a7860c7ad7e36cc987409c9412d
chatgpt: Mixed Martial Arts fighter Cody Gibson got more than he bargained for when a night out in Las Vegas took a violent turn. According to reports, Gibson was at a bar when a man approached him and asked for his name. Gibson obliged, but when the man seemed unconvinced, Gibson suggested that he look himself up. That's when things took a turn for the worse. Eyewitnesses say the man responded to Gibson's suggestion by punching him in the face. What followed was a brief scuffle in which Gibson lifted the man off the floor. The altercation was eventually broken up by bystanders. Gibson took to social media to recount the event, writing, "Got sucker punched tonight by a dude when I told him what my name was and to Google me. Had a small scuffle and that was it." Gibson also shared a photo of his bloodied face on Instagram. This incident comes just days after Gibson lost a fight to Manny Gamburyan at UFC 178 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Gibson has since spoken out about the incident. "I just want to say thank you to all of my supporters who reached out to me to make sure that I was okay," he said in a statement. "Stuff like this happens and it's important to remember that we can't control the actions of others." Despite the violence, Gibson seems to be taking the incident in stride. "It definitely wasn't the way I wanted to start my night, but I'm okay," he wrote. "I'm just glad it didn't ruin my weekend." Law enforcement officials have not commented on the incident at this time. It is not clear whether any charges will be filed as a result of the altercation. For now, Gibson is continuing to focus on his MMA career. He is expected to return to the arena soon, where he will no doubt continue to leave his mark on the sport.