article: Jamie Carragher believes Manchester United would be unable to stop David de Gea from joining Real Madrid if the La Liga giants were to make a move for the Spanish goalkeeper. De Gea has been stringently linked with a move to the La Liga giants and talk a possible move to the Santiago Bernabeu heightened following Victor Valdes' move to Manchester United. And Carragher insists United would be powerless if Real Madrid were to come calling. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Louis van Gaal discussing David de Gea . Jamie Carragher believes Manchester United will struggle to keep hold of David de Gea . Real Madrid target De Gea has been in fine form for Manchester United so far this season . Cristiano Ronaldo and Xabi Alonso left the Premier League when Real Madrid came calling . Speaking on Sky Sports' Super Sunday show, Carragher said: 'When Real Madrid come in - no matter who you are - they can still take them. 'They done it with Cristiano Ronaldo here [at Old Trafford]. Unfortunately as he's Spanish it may be that dream move for him one day. It was the same with Xabi Alonso at Liverpool. 'The worry for Louis van Gaal may be how close is De Gea to signing a new contract. That maybe in the back of his mind.' The former Liverpool defender also stated he does not believe Valdes will be happy playing second fiddle next season, if De Gea was to remain at Old Trafford. Carragher does not believe a keeper of Victor Valdes' calibre will be happy on the substitutes' bench . Carragher added: 'The start of next season Victor Valdes - due to his reputation and what he's won playing at Barcelona - will want some game time. 'He may get that as we expect Manchester United to be in the Champions League. So he will have more games to play but I don't see him ever overtaking De Gea. 'They have problems defensively but they don't concede that many goals because of him. Their defensive record is quite good. 'The manager has come in and every manager will want a good back up goalkeeper. He's maybe looked at Anders Lindegaard and thought he's not the answer. 'He knows Valdes from Barcelona and maybe they have a good relationship. I think the thing for Valdes between now and the end of the season will be about his fitness. He's had a long-term injury. He needs to get back, sharp and proper coaching at a big club, which he is used to.' Anders Lindegaard could be allowed to return to Scandinavia following Valdes' arrival at Old Trafford .
highlights: Jamie Carragher believes United will struggle to keep hold of David de Gea . Real Madrid are said to be interested in signing Man United's De Gea . Carragher compared situation to Cristiano Ronaldo and Xabi Alonso's decision to leave Manchester United and Liverpool respectively . The Red Devils announced the signing of Victor Valdes on Thursday .
id: d82ac292cf6e0b0d2bd35ccee13a6902d1e8f3c5
chatgpt: Manchester United's goalkeeper situation has been a topic of discussion for quite some time now, and it seems that the club might face further troubles in the near future. Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has opined that United could struggle to hold on to their star goalkeeper David de Gea, with Real Madrid being rumored to be interested in his services. Carragher compared the situation to that of Cristiano Ronaldo and Xabi Alonso, who left Manchester United and Liverpool, respectively. He suggested that if Real Madrid come calling for De Gea, the Spanish goalkeeper could be tempted to move to the Santiago Bernabeu, just like Ronaldo and Alonso did. De Gea has been one of the best performers for Manchester United in recent years, winning the club's Player of the Year for three consecutive seasons. However, the club's current position in the Premier League and their performances have led to speculation that De Gea could be looking to make a move to a more successful team. Real Madrid has been long-term admirers of De Gea, and their interest in the player has only increased in recent months. They have reportedly been keeping a close watch on his performances and have a long-standing interest in acquiring his services. The situation could become more complicated for Manchester United with the signing of Victor Valdes. The former Barcelona goalkeeper has been brought in as a backup to De Gea, but his presence could add to the uncertainty surrounding the position. Valdes has shown his quality during his time at Barcelona, winning multiple La Liga titles, the Champions League, and the World Cup. While he might be seen as a reliable backup option for De Gea, his arrival could complicate matters in the transfer market. With De Gea's contract set to expire at the end of the current season, Manchester United will be keen to tie him down to a new long-term deal. United manager Jose Mourinho has recently spoken about the club's desire to keep hold of their star player, and reports suggest that talks regarding a new contract are underway. However, with Real Madrid showing a strong interest in De Gea, the situation could become more complex. Manchester United will need to offer the goalkeeper a lucrative deal and a clear path to success if they hope to convince him to stay at Old Trafford. In conclusion, Manchester United could be facing a tough fight to keep hold of David de Gea, with Real Madrid reportedly interested in the Spanish goalkeeper. The situation could be compared to that of Ronaldo and Alonso, who left their respective clubs to join the Spanish giants. The signing of Valdes could also add to the uncertainty, and Manchester United will need to offer De Gea a lucrative deal and a clear path to success if they hope to convince him to stay at Old Trafford.