article: Billionaire casino mogul James Packer has been declared unwelcome in Sri Lanka, with the country's new Prime Minister announcing that the Australian should not 'come to the country in this lifetime'. The strong backlash from the Sri Lanka's new government come after Packer withdrew from long-standing plans to build a $350 million luxury resort in the country's 'commercial capital', Colombo. Packer scrapped his development plans in the wake of the government's ban on new casinos. Unphased: Australian billionaire James Packer (right) grins during a press conference at the newly-opened City of Dreams mega-casino in Manila on February 2, 2015 after the announcement by Sri Lanka's Prime Minister. Packer is pictured with his co-chairman Lawrence Ho . Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena (right) and Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremasinghe (left) pose for photographers following the swearing-in ceremony of the new Cabinet in Colombo on January 12 . A woman past an advertising board at the proposed site for a resort and casino complex by Australia's Crown Resorts Ltd in Colombo January 29 . 'Packer says he will not come. Who asked you to come?' Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said in a statement. 'Please don't come - not in this lifetime.' Sri Lanka's new government blocked three casinos approved by the former administration, among them Australian gaming mogul James Packer's Crown Resorts Ltd. Packer is unwilling to construct the resort without a casino and has also been deterred by the incoming government's choice to revoke tax concessions which had been approved under a former regime. Packer scrapped his development plans in the wake of the government's ban on new casinos as he is unwilling to construct the resort without a gaming venue . Packer's much-hyped Barangaroo development in Sydney is also under construction . The previous government, then led by president Mahinda Rajapaksa, had plans to turn Colombo into a regional gaming hub in the hope of boosting tourism. However, on Thursday the government revoked the 5 per cent tax rate that had been granted to Mr Packer. The deal would have seen Packer save up to $1bn in 10-year tax breaks. Mr Packer's project had been approved in December 2013 but construction was yet to commence. President Maithripala Sirisena was elected on January 8 this year and appointed Prime Minister Wickremesinghe on January 9. During their election campaigntook a firm anti-gaming stance . As a result, they received strong support, particularly from the Buddhist monks who have great influence in the country and have been vocal in their opposition of casinos. Today Packer was seemingly unphased by the announcement, grinning widely a press conference at the newly-opened City of Dreams mega-casino in Manila on February 2, 2015. Six gleaming golden towers surrounding a giant egg-shaped dome opened as the Philippines' newest playground for the obscenely rich on February 2, dwarfing the capital's vast slums. Packer (far right) speaks next to a video screen showing Hollywood legends Robert de Niro, Martin Scorcese and Leonardo DiCaprio (during a press conference at the newly-opened City of Dreams mega-casino .
highlights: The new Sri Lankan Prime Minister declared James Packer unwelcome . The warning comes after Packer withdrew from development plans . The Aussie billionaire had a long-standing agreement to build a $350 million resort with casino in city of Colombo . The new government reneged by banning new casinos and revoking a promised tax concession which would have saved Packer $1 BILLION .
id: f44ff4c24881b283a7c6109daf7dc205a08a408a
chatgpt: Sri Lanka's new Prime Minister, Mahinda Rajapaksa, has declared that Australian billionaire James Packer is no longer welcome in the country after he withdrew from a major development plan. Packer had agreed to build a $350 million resort with a casino in Colombo, but the government's recent ban on new casinos and revocation of a tax concession have put a halt to the project.  The new government led by Prime Minister Rajapaksa has made clear that they are not interested in pursuing the kind of high-end tourism that Packer's proposed resort would have brought to Colombo. In fact, the government is said to be actively seeking to reduce the number of casinos in the country and has revoked a number of licenses that were previously granted to operators. The withdrawal of Packer's project has been a major blow to the government's plans for economic development. However, Prime Minister Rajapaksa has indicated that he is willing to look for alternative investors who are willing to invest in projects that align with the government's vision for the future of Sri Lanka.  The cancellation of Packer's project has caused a stir in the country, with many accusing the government of breaking its promises to the billionaire. Packer had reportedly been promised a tax concession that would have saved him over $1 billion, but the concession was revoked shortly after the new government took office.  The move to revoke the tax concession has been widely criticised, with many accusing the government of reneging on agreements made by the previous administration. However, Prime Minister Rajapaksa has defended the move, saying that the tax concession was not in the best interest of the country and that it was a decision that had to be made in the national interest.  The cancellation of Packer's project has also raised questions about the stability of Sri Lanka's investment climate.  Some investors may be deterred from investing in Sri Lanka in the future, believing that the government can easily cancel projects that it deems to be not in the national interest.  The government has sought to allay these fears, saying that it remains committed to attracting investment to the country. The government has also reiterated that it welcomes foreign investment, but it is determined to ensure that any projects align with their vision for the country.  The cancellation of Packer's project is a clear signal that the new government is serious about its plans to reduce the number of casinos in the country. It remains to be seen what kind of alternative development projects the government will seek to attract, but many believe that there is still significant potential for growth in Sri Lanka's tourism sector.  In the coming months, the government will be looking to identify potential investors who share its vision for the future of the country. It is hoped that by doing so, Sri Lanka can strengthen its position as a major player in the region and continue to attract investment from around the world.