article: A police investigation has been launched into former Australian elite swimming coach Greg Hodge after two women alleged he inappropriately touched them when they were teenagers. The pair came forward earlier this week and claimed the incidents happened while they were students at Sutherland's Aquadot Swim Club - where Mr Hodge was a coach, The Sunday Telegraph reported. Both incidents are alleged to have happened in the 1980s. Scroll down for video . Two teenagers have alleged former elite swim coach Greg Hodge inappropriately touched them in the 1980s . Mr Hodge, who was once an Olympic swim official, now owns The Swim Factory in Perth, Western Australia with his wife, Sue. The Swim Factory offers classes for babies through to children up to 12 years old. He is a former director of Swimming Australia, New South Wales Institute of Sport and Western Australia Institute of Sport. Daily Mail Australia has contacted Mr Hodge for a response in relation to these claims. A NSW Police spokeswoman has confirmed the two women's claims were being investigated. 'New South Wales police are investigating a number of reports,' she told Daily Mail Australia. 'The investigation is in its infancy and police are assessing the information provided. 'New South Wales police will also urge anyone who believes they are a victim of a crime to report the matter to police who will investigate.' Mr Hodge now owns The Swim Factory in Perth, Western Australia with his wife, Sue . One of the women was aged 13 years when she alleges Mr Hodge touched her while she was being fitted into her new racing swimsuit. She claims he reached into the swimsuit under the guise he was ensuring it fit properly. Further, the woman claims Mr Hodge wandered into the female change rooms while she and her fellow swimmers - some also in their teenage years - were taking showers. The second woman said she was touched by Mr Hodge when she was 15 years old. It comes after the News Corp newspaper reported on allegations involving the swim teacher kissing a young female swimmer on the cheek at a meet. He previously denied there was anything inappropriate about the incident and said an investigation launched by Swimming Western Australia found he had not done anything wrong.
highlights: Greg Hodge has been accused of touching two teenagers in the 1980s . The women came forward saying it happened at Sutherland swim club . Aquadot Swim Club - in Sydney's south - is where Mr Hodge was a coach . NSW police have confirmed they are investigating the allegations made .
id: acdda8fcf4e1ac80953d463a6a41a02bcaccca1f
chatgpt: Former swimming coach Greg Hodge has been accused of inappropriate conduct with two teenagers back in the 1980s. The women made the allegations against Mr. Hodge, claiming that the incidents occurred at Sutherland swim club where he used to work. The accused was a coach at the Aquadot Swim Club located in Sydney's southern suburbs, where he allegedly made advances towards the two girls. The NSW police have confirmed that they are investigating the allegations made against Mr. Hodge. According to the victims, both of them were underage when Mr. Hodge allegedly touched them inappropriately. They said that they first met him when they were training at the Aquadot Swim Club. They have also stated that Mr. Hodge was their coach at the time of the alleged incidents. Both women have shared their stories with ABC News, where they talked about the impact these incidents have had on their lives. They explained how it has affected them emotionally and how it has taken years for them to gather the courage to come forward about the allegations. The Aquadot Swim Club where Mr. Hodge was a coach at the time, issued a statement expressing their shock over the allegations made against him. The club has pledged to fully support the police in their investigation. Meanwhile, Mr. Hodge's lawyer has issued a statement denying any wrongdoing on his client's part. The lawyer stated that Mr. Hodge "adamantly denies all of these baseless allegations" and that he would defend himself against the allegations made against him. This isn't the first time that allegations of this nature have been made against an Australian swimming coach. In 2019, another swimming coach, Kyle Daniels, was found guilty of having sexually assaulted a teenage girl who he had been coaching. He received a six-year jail sentence for his actions. The swimming community has yet again been rocked by this latest scandal involving a former coach. While the investigation continues, the victims are hopeful that justice will be served and that their allegations will be taken seriously.