article: WWE star Kevin Nash and his teenage son were arrested this morning after the pair allegedly got into a drunken and bloody brawl. Wrestling star Kevin Nash, 55, was taken into custody in Volusia County, Florida after cops were called about a domestic dispute shortly after midnight. TMZ reports that cops arrested Kevin because they felt as though he was the primary aggressor but also arrested his teenage son Tristen after noticing blood on Kevin Nash's face. Arrested: WWE star Kevin Nash (left) and his teenage son Tristen (right) were arrested this morning after the pair allegedly got into a drunken and bloody brawl . According to a police report, Kevin Nash told authorities that his son Tristen, 18, came home and started acting aggressively towards he and his wife. Kevin Nash says that Tristen 'spit in his face and elbow-checked him.' Kevin says that's when he pinned his 6'5" 200 lbs son to the floor and his son scratched his face in retaliation. Tristen reportedly told police that his dad was yelling at him about the relationship he had with his girlfriend and that it escalated into violence. Tristen says his father used his signature wrestling move to slam his head to the ground so hard that he blacked out. In a strange twist, two hours after Tristen was arrested, police got a 911 call from Tristen's uncle who claims Tristen was drunk and that he 'slung his mom around the kitchen' and that he also tried attacking him. Both men were arrested for battery and are being held at a nearby jail without bail. Kevin Nash  has been in 'Magic Mike' and will be in the sequel as well. He's also been in 'John Wick,' 'Rock of Ages,' 'The Longest Yard,' and in 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze.' Nash who stands at 6'1 and weighs 277 lbs has won 21 wrestling championships using his famous move the jackknife power-bomb. Famous: Kevin Nash has won 21 wrestling championships and has also starred in Hollywood films .
highlights: Wrestling star Kevin Nash, 55, was taken into custody in Volusia County, Florida after cops were called about a domestic dispute . Tristen who measures 6'5"and who weighs 200 lbs claims that his dad Kevin Nash was yelling at him about the relationship of he and his girlfriend . Kevin Nash says that Tristen 'spit in his face and elbow-checked him' Two hours after Tristen was arrested his uncle called police on Tristen for 'attacking his mom .
id: e26cc081331352d559d7fab738e0d79e356ca3b0
chatgpt: Professional wrestling superstar Kevin Nash, 55, was taken into police custody in Volusia County, Florida after authorities were called about a domestic dispute on the evening of May 14th. The incident reportedly involved Nash's son, Tristen, who stands at 6'5'' and weighs 200 pounds. According to reports, the argument was centered around the relationship between Tristen and his girlfriend. Nash allegedly began yelling at his son, which quickly led to a physical altercation. Nash claims that Tristen "spit in his face and elbow-checked him", while Tristen stated that his father had been aggressive and physical towards him. The altercation resulted in Tristen being arrested by police, but the drama did not end there. Just two hours later, Nash's brother-in-law contacted the police to report that Tristen had attacked his own mother, resulting in another police investigation. Nash, who retired from professional wrestling in 2011, has had a tumultuous personal life in recent years. In 2012, he was arrested for battery after allegedly attacking his then-wife, Tamara. However, the charges were dropped due to lack of evidence. Fans and fellow wrestlers have expressed shock and disappointment at the news of Nash's latest run-in with the law. Many have commented on social media, urging the wrestler to seek help and take responsibility for his actions. Domestic violence is a serious issue and should not be taken lightly. It is important for people to recognize and report any signs of violence, no matter who the aggressor may be. We hope that this situation will serve as a reminder for all to treat each other with respect and kindness, both inside and outside the home.