article: It appears Mark Clattenburg isn't the Premier League's only fan of Ed Sheeran as Manchester United duo Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney were also spotted at one of the singer's shows. After referee Clattenburg got in trouble for breaking Premier League protocol in order to attend one of the singer's concerts in Newcastle, the United strikers have also shown their admiration for the 23-year-old by heading to his gig in Manchester. Captain Rooney tweeted a picture of himself and Sheeran after the show, saying: 'Brilliant time at @edsheeran concert last night. Thanks for a great night mate.' VIDEO Scroll down to watch Manuel Pellegrini: I can't remember cheering Van Persie goal . Wayne Rooney and singer Ed Sheeran pose for a picture after the singer's show in Manchester . Dutch striker Robin van Persie tweeted this picture of Sheeran's concert from his place in the crowd . Meanwhile, his strike partner Van Persie was also at the event, although it didn't appear that the two had attended together. The former Arsenal star tweeted a picture from the crowd, saying: 'Just experienced a great performance by @edsheeran. He's so talented, what a voice!!' It is not the only time Rooney has told of his admiration for a musician - he has the title of the Stereophonics' album Just Enough Education to Perform tattooed on his arm. Sheeran is popular with Premier League footballers, with Arsenal defender Calum Chambers and Everton midfielder James McCarthy watching him last week. United's captain arrives for Sheeran's concert in Manchester - Van Persie was also at the gig . Mark Clattenburg will not officiate next weekend's games after breaking strict protocol on travelling to games . Clattenburg drove alone to West Brom v Crystal Palace at the weekend so he could see Sheeran perform . Clattenburg had been to an earlier Sheeran concert in Newcastle, but was forced to break Premier League protocol to do so. League rules state that referees and assistants must travel to games together, but Clattenburg drove to the match between West Brom and Crystal Palace on his own so that he could then drive back in time to make the concert in Newcastle. The rules are there for integrity and security purposes, and Clattenburg's actions mean he will not take charge of a Premier League game this weekend. Van Persie celebrates after scoring his side's injury-time equaliser against Chelsea at Old Trafford . Rooney will return from his suspension this weekend after serving his three-match ban . Arsenal's Calum Chambers is another Premier League star to have attended one of Sheeran's concerts .
highlights: Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney attend Ed Sheeran concert . Mark Clattenburg also went to one of the singer's shows . The Premier League referee got in trouble for breaking protocol to do so . Clattenburg will not referee a Premier League game this weekend .
id: 579b0e9844b545c01ae7e28457bd002148c707d3
chatgpt: Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney attended an Ed Sheeran concert this week, but they were not the only high-profile guests in attendance. Mark Clattenburg, a highly respected Premier League referee, also went to one of the singer's shows. Unfortunately for Clattenburg, attending the concert has landed him in hot water with the league. According to reports, Clattenburg broke protocol by attending the concert without seeking permission from the Premier League. It is standard practice for referees to request permission from the league before attending public events, especially those attended by high-profile individuals or celebrities. By failing to do so, Clattenburg has put himself in a sticky situation with league officials. As a result of his actions, Clattenburg will not be refereeing a Premier League game this coming weekend. While this may seem like a relatively minor punishment, it is an indication of just how seriously the league takes such breaches of protocol. The Premier League expects referees to always act in a professional and transparent manner, and Clattenburg's actions have fallen short of that expectation. Despite the consequences of his actions, Clattenburg has expressed remorse for attending the concert without permission. In a statement released to the press, the referee acknowledged that he had made a mistake and pledged to work hard to regain the trust of the Premier League and its officials. "I made a mistake by attending the concert without permission, and I fully understand why the Premier League has taken the action it has," Clattenburg said in the statement. "As a referee, I am held to a higher standard than most, and I need to respect that standard. I will be working hard to regain the trust of the league and its officials, and I hope to be back on the pitch soon." This is not the first time that Clattenburg has found himself in hot water with the Premier League. In 2016, he was accused of using "inappropriate language" during a match between Manchester United and Chelsea. While Clattenburg was eventually cleared of any wrongdoing in that incident, it is clear that his actions have come under scrutiny in the past. For now, Mark Clattenburg will have to sit out the weekend's Premier League fixtures and reflect on his actions. The league has made it clear that it expects all of its officials to act in a professional and transparent manner, and Clattenburg will need to work hard to regain the trust of his colleagues and his bosses in the league.