article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:21 EST, 25 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:42 EST, 25 August 2013 . Handsome Man of Steel star Henry Cavill, 30, has been named the celebrity women would most like to have a holiday romance with. Almost half of women polled plumped for the currently single superhero, while David Beckham, 38, took second place with 42 per cent of the vote. Scottish actor Gerard Butler, 43, completed the top three, racking up a respectable 33 per cent of the vote. Number one: Man of Steel star Henry Cavill is the celebrity that the majority of women want to holiday with . Always popular: David Beckham took second place while Gerard Butler rounded out the top three . Cavill is currently preparing to reprise his role as Superman opposite Ben Affleck, who, it was revealed last week, will take the role of Batman. Asked how he felt about the development by BBC presenter, Kevin Camplin, Cavill apparently declared that he was 'more than delighted' to star opposite the Argo actor. But although few can boast the extraterrestrial powers (and flying technique) of Superman, Cavill did have some impressive rivals to see off in the poll. The research, which was conducted by . holiday website Latedeals.co.uk, asked 1000 British women aged between . 18 and 35 for their top three celebrity men. Mr Popular: One Direction star Harry Styles took sixth place . Heartthrob: Actor Ryan Gosling picked up a third of the vote . Sporty: Diver Tom Daley proved a hit and took fifth place . Royally gorgeous: Prince Harry has proved popular with the ladies, as has Twilight star Robert Pattinson . Others to make the top 10 included Only God Forgives actor Ryan Gosling, 32, One Direction singer Harry Styles and diver Tom Daley, both 19. Styles took sixth place with 28 per cent of the vote, just ahead of Prince Harry, 28, who accumulated an impressive 27 per cent. The two Harrys were followed by Bond star Daniel Craig, 45, with 20 per cent, Twilight actor Robert Pattinson, 27, with 16 per cent and Black Eyed Peas singer Will.I.Am, 38, with 10 per cent. 1.    Henry Cavill (45 per cent) 2.    David Beckham (42 per cent) 3.    Gerald Butler (33 per cent) 4.    Ryan Gosling (32 per cent) 5.    Tom Daley (30 per cent) 6.    Harry Styles (28 per cent) 7.    Prince Harry (27 per cent) 8.    Daniel Craig (20 per cent) 9.    Robert Pattinson (16 per cent) 10.  Will.i.Am (10 per cent)
highlights: Cavill was the overwhelming favourite with 45% of the vote . David Beckham took second place while Gerard Butler came third . Rounding out the top five were Ryan Gosling and Tom Daley .
id: 0d79f2ff49b19639474b38024c1201d84a4b21b0
chatgpt: Henry Cavill has been voted as the overwhelming favourite in a recent poll conducted by a leading entertainment website. The poll saw Cavill, who is best known for his portrayal of Superman in the DC Comics Extended Universe, receiving a staggering 45% of the vote, leaving second and third places far behind. David Beckham, the former English footballer, took the second place in the poll, closely followed by Scottish actor Gerard Butler, who secured the third position. Rounding out the top five were Canadian actor Ryan Gosling and English diver Tom Daley. Cavill's victory in the poll comes as no surprise, as he has been a fan-favourite for years. His charismatic personality and impressive acting skills have garnered him a massive following all around the world. The 38-year-old actor has previously made headlines with his performances in popular movies such as Immortals, The Man from U.N.C.L.E, and Enola Holmes. David Beckham, perhaps one of the most recognizable faces in the world of sports, took the second spot in the poll. The former Manchester United and England captain has been a global icon for over two decades and has used his popularity to make a positive impact in various fields. Beckham has been actively involved in philanthropic and humanitarian work and is also known for his fashion sense. Gerard Butler, who is most famous for his role in the movie 300, secured the third position in the poll. The Scottish actor has been entertaining audiences with his captivating performances for many years and has become a household name. Ryan Gosling, who is known for his roles in movies like The Notebook, La La Land, and Blade Runner 2049, took the fourth spot in the poll. The Canadian actor has been praised for his acting skills and has won several awards for his performances. Tom Daley, the English diver who won two Gold medals at the Commonwealth Games in 2010, rounded out the top five in the poll. The 27-year-old athlete has been a prominent figure in the world of sports and has represented Great Britain at the Olympics. Overall, the poll has been a great success and has provided valuable insights about the popularity of these celebrities. It is clear that Henry Cavill is currently the most loved celebrity amongst the listed names, thanks to his captivating performances and charming personality.