article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 12:31 EST, 28 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:59 EST, 29 May 2013 . It is every Star Wars fan's dream - a working lightsaber that can destroy enemies in its path. One US fan has even built his own using a high powered laser to make a replica capable of cutting through household objects. A YouTube video shows the invention cutting through paper, tape and cardboard - and even melting a ping pong ball. Scroll down for video . The lightsaber handle, which house the laser diode and the two large batteries needed to power it . The laser can output over 3000mW according to its creator, who named in 'The Beast' The YouTube user who created the gadget has refused to reveal his identity- but claims the laser is legal in the US, where is is believed to be from. 'Here my BEAST 3000mW blue laser goes up against a bunch of flammable stuff,' he says. 'Most things light INSTANTLY when placed in the beam of this laser! 'This is the most powerful handheld laser that I've ever used!' 'This laser uses the new 9mm 450nm . laser diode and runs on two 18650 Li Ion batteries,' said YouTube user styropyro, who calls himself 'The DIY Laser Guy'. The DIY lightsaber is based on the iconic weapons used in the Star wars films . He has posted several videos of previous project to the video site, but said none were as close to the Star wars weapon as this version. 'I usually try to refrain from using the . term 'lightsaber' when referring to my lasers but there really isn't . much else out there to describe this laser. 'To be honest I don't . even like handheld lasers this strong, but I knew by subscribers would . like this! This laser is legal to own in the US, and I wore goggles . while shooting this video.' However, the commenters on the video has pointed out one fatal flaw with the device. 'This is﻿ all well and good, but you didn't test it against a dark lord of the Sith,' one said. The homemade gadget is capable of cutting through paper (and setting fire to it in the process) A piece of cardboard is also neatly cut through . The lighsaber is also shown cutting through and setting fire to a roll of electrical tape .
highlights: Star Wars fan built the replica using a high-powered laser . Can be used to cut common household items .
id: 5c664bed78d8b47d5d337704af48fa10359060d6
chatgpt: A Star Wars enthusiast has built a replica weapon that is capable of piercing through various common household items using an ultra-powerful laser. The unnamed fan is reported to have spent several months sourcing and assembling the components required for the project. The final product is a handheld device that resembles a futuristic blaster from the Star Wars franchise. The laser technology used in the prototype is capable of emitting a beam of light that can slice through materials such as paper, cardboard, and thin pieces of wood. While the technology used in the device may seem trivial, there are concerns about the potential misuse of such a powerful tool. The laser beam used in the device is reported to have a power rating of over 2000 milliwatts, making it several times more powerful than commercially available laser pointers. There are legitimate applications for high-powered laser technology, particularly in industrial settings. Laser cutters, for example, are widely used in manufacturing plants to precisely cut materials such as metal, plastic, and wood. However, the availability of such technology has also led to an increase in the number of incidents involving lasers being used as weapons. In 2019, multiple reports of individuals targeting airplanes with handheld lasers were reported across the United States. The proliferation of such devices among hobbyists and enthusiasts raises concerns about the potential for more dangerous incidents. The Star Wars fan who built the laser replica admits to being cautious with the device, but there are fears that less responsible individuals could create similar devices with more malicious intent. The building and use of such devices have been the subject of debate. While there are concerns about potential misuse, many hobbyists argue that the technology should not be restricted based on the actions of a few individuals. In response to these concerns, some countries have enacted legislation regulating the possession and use of handheld laser devices. In the United Kingdom, for example, it is illegal to possess or use a laser pointer with a power output of over 1 milliwatt in a public place. While the Star Wars fan’s creation is undoubtedly impressive, it remains to be seen whether the technology will gain wider acceptance among hobbyists and enthusiasts. Until regulations can be developed that balance safety concerns with an appreciation for the ingenuity of hobbyists, the proliferation of high-powered laser devices is likely to remain a contentious issue.