article: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott warns the government has 'absolute determination' to prevent 'returning jihadis' who are a threat to the country. The PM's call to protect the nation's borders from extremists comes as the Weekend Australian reveals a handful of Australians are participating in executions of captured Iraqi prisoners in the war torn country. Several Australian Islamists, including a convicted terrorist, have appeared in social media images carrying out bloodied executions during the two-week Iraqi insurgency. The group are believed to be fighting with the extremist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS). Scroll down for video . Prime Minister Tony Abbott warns Australia will do its 'damnedest' to ensure the 'returning jihadis' never come back to the country . Mr Abbott believed up to 100 Australians are involved in groups fighting in Iraq and Syria: 'Some of them are involved with this murderous, murderous AL-Qaeda splinter group,' Mr Abbott said, (referring to the  ISIS). Some of them are involved in atrocities.' He said Australia can't afford to have 'trained killers who hate our way of life, who hate us, making mischief with the potential to cause mayhem in our country'. A spokesman for Defence Minister David Johnston confirmed that a small Australian Defence Force 'liaison element' had been sent to Iraq to bolster security arrangements at the embassy in the country's capital Baghdad. Mr Abbott said Australia can't have 'trained killers who hate our way of life, who hate us, making mischief with the potential to cause mayhem in our country'. 'The important thing is to ensure that as far as is humanly possible, they don't come back into our country,' he told Macquarie Radio on Friday. 'And if they do come back into our country, (that) they are taken into detention. 'Secure borders is not just a question of stopping the illegal (asylum-seeker) boats that have been coming to our country under Labor,' Mr Abbott said. 'It's also a question of ensuring that we don't get these jihadists coming back to our country trained up in the techniques of death and destruction.' Up to 100 Australians are believed to be involved in groups fighting in Iraq and Syria . Australia will do its 'damnedest' to ensure they never come back to the country, he said. 'And if there are some that we have to take back, we will make sure that they are not a threat to the Australian community,' he said. He said the opposition had been offered a briefing on the government's plans to stop returning jihadists. 'I think that (Opposition Leader) Bill Shorten is just as keen as I am to ensure that when it comes to protecting our country against this kind of thing, we are of one mind,' Mr Abbott said.
highlights: Prime Minister Tony Abbott says his government is determined to prevent 'returning jihadis' who are a threat to Australia . Australia will do its 'damnedest' to ensure they never come back to the country, Mr Abbott said on Friday . 100 Australians are said to be involved in groups fighting in Iraq and Syria . This comes as Australian soldiers have been deployed to Iraq to beef up security at the embassy in Baghdad .
id: 75e983975123c228a1812f142ccaefd60262d4f2
chatgpt: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott made a strong statement on Friday, pledging to prevent "returning jihadis" who pose a threat to Australia from ever setting foot back in the country. Speaking to reporters, Mr. Abbott expressed his resolve to do "[Australia's] damnedest" to keep such individuals out, citing estimates that 100 Australians are currently involved in extremist groups fighting in Iraq and Syria. The Prime Minister made these comments as Australian troops were deployed to provide additional security at the embassy in Baghdad. While Australia is not actively engaged in combat operations against the Islamic State, the country has been providing support to coalition forces in Iraq and Syria in the form of intelligence sharing, air strikes, and military support. Mr. Abbott was clear in his concerns about the potential for extremist fighters to return to Australia and carry out terrorist attacks. He emphasized that the government was taking a strong stance on this issue to ensure the safety of all Australians. "As a government, we are absolutely determined to keep our country safe from people who, having gone to the Middle East, have become radicalized, militarized, and brutalized," said Mr. Abbott. "We will do everything we can to ensure that they never come back to Australia." The Prime Minister's announcement comes amidst growing concerns about the threat posed by the Islamic State to Australia and other Western nations. In recent months, terrorist attacks have occurred in locations as far flung as Paris, Beirut, and San Bernardino, leading to fears that similar attacks could happen in Australia. Australia has been proactive in its response to these threats, passing new anti-terrorism legislation and providing increased resources to law enforcement and security agencies. Earlier this year, the government announced plans to spend $400 million on new security measures, including the recruitment of an additional 1,000 intelligence and law enforcement personnel. Despite these efforts, the government has faced criticism from some quarters over its handling of the issue. Some have accused Mr. Abbott's government of being too heavy-handed in its approach, overreaching in its attempts to monitor and control the activities of Australian citizens. The Prime Minister, however, remains firm in his conviction that the safety of Australians must be the top priority. "It's our job as a government to make sure that the people of this country are kept safe from harm," he said. "We take that responsibility very seriously." As the threat of terrorism continues to loom large, it is clear that the Australian government is taking proactive measures to protect its citizens. While the debate over the best way to address this issue will no doubt continue, there is no question that the safety and security of all Australians is of paramount importance.