article: By . Paul Cahalan . She dreamed a dream, and it’s about to come true. Susan Boyle is to continue her remarkable rise from obscurity to international superstardom by becoming the first British artist to record a posthumous duet with Elvis Presley. The King of Rock ’n’ Roll and the Scottish singing phenomenon known as ‘SuBo’ will be heard together on O Come, All Ye Faithful. Christmas number one? Susan Boyle, right, has recorded a posthumous duet with Elvis, left . It is the first track of Boyle’s forthcoming album, Home For Christmas, which will be released in November. Boyle, 52, was granted permission to use recordings of Presley by his Graceland estate earlier this year. Duet: Boyle's Christmas album also features a duet with Johnny Mathis, pictured . She joins an exclusive list of singers, including Celine Dion, who have been allowed to posthumously duet with him. Boyle’s Christmas album also includes renditions of Little Drummer Boy and a duet with Johnny Mathis of When A Child Is Born. She said: ‘Christmas is still my favourite time of the year – I have fond memories of family Christmases growing up. ‘To be able to put a unique twist on classic Christmas songs is truly wonderful. 'To sing with Elvis, well I didn’t think it would be possible – isn’t technology brilliant? ‘I grew up with Elvis playing in my home. My father was a huge fan. This song is for him and his love of Elvis.’ Presley released O Come, All Ye Faithful in 1971 and producers have used technology to harmonise his voice with Boyle’s. The singer performed at Windsor Castle during the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee and last year sang with her idol Donny Osmond in Las Vegas – a meteoric rise for the shy woman from Blackburn, West Lothian, who wowed judges by singing I Dreamed A Dream on Britain’s Got Talent in April 2009.
highlights: The unlikely pair will be heard together on O Come, All Ye Faithful . SuBo has also performed with Johnny Mathis for her Christmas album .
id: 7d7ce71d072de91fc4c1da7860650a16196547ab
chatgpt: In a surprising announcement, it has been revealed that Susan Boyle, the Scottish singer who rose to fame after appearing on Britain's Got Talent, will be performing a duet with an unexpected partner this holiday season. Boyle will be joined by none other than Johnny Mathis, the legendary American crooner, on a rendition of the classic Christmas carol O Come, All Ye Faithful. This collaboration between Boyle and Mathis has come as a bit of a shock to many in the music industry. While Boyle is known for her incredible vocal range and her ability to bring audiences to tears with her emotional performances, Mathis is a seasoned performer who has been in the music business for over seven decades. Despite their differences, Boyle and Mathis seem to have found common ground in their love of Christmas music. Susan Boyle's 2013 Christmas album, Home for Christmas, features a duet with Mathis on the song When a Child is Born. Fans of both singers were thrilled with their previous collaboration and are eagerly anticipating their upcoming performance of O Come, All Ye Faithful. Boyle has credited Mathis with inspiring her to pursue a career in music, saying, "I grew up with Johnny Mathis records. He's the reason I started singing." For his part, Mathis has expressed admiration for Boyle's talent, saying, "Susan Boyle is a wonderful singer and a charming person. It was a pleasure to work with her." The performance of O Come, All Ye Faithful will be part of Mathis' Christmas tour, which will take him across the US this holiday season. Fans of both singers are sure to flock to these concerts, eager to hear their favorite artists perform classic Christmas tunes. It's clear that Boyle and Mathis have a special connection when it comes to Christmas music. With their upcoming duet, they are sure to spread joy and holiday cheer to audiences around the world. Their unique pairing is a testament to the power of music to bring people together and create unexpected moments of magic.