article: Hospitals have been forced to lock toys to cots with bicycle locks after a spate of thefts from children's wards. Father-of-four Dean Beddis, 49, discovered that toys were chained to the cots when he was with his two year-old-son Soren at Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital. Doctors were treating Soren for bronchiolitis - a chest infection that affects babies - on the Bluebell Ward in the hospital. But when the two-year-old tried to play with a musical toy on his cot he found it was locked up. Two-year-old Soren had to play with a doughnut-shaped toy chained to a cot with a bike lock - the Royal Gwent Hospital, in Newport, said it had to lock up its toys because of a spate of thefts in the wards . Mr Beddis, who runs Newport's Kriminal Records in the town's market, said: 'These toys are there for kids who are seriously ill. 'They're provided by the hospital and people are stealing them. I was shocked to see that a children's toy had a bike lock on it attaching it to the cot. 'I was talking to the nurses about how disgusting it was that they had to do that because they were saying people had been stealing them.' He also discovered that electrical goods had been stolen from the hospital. 'People had also been stealing TVs from the parents' waiting room in the children's ward,' he said. 'There was no TV there when I was last there because it had been stolen. 'Going onto a ward and stealing toys while the hospital staff are looking after their children is a sad reflection on society.' Doctors were treating Soren for bronchiolitis - a chest infection that affects babies - on the Bluebell Ward in Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital (pictured) when he had to play with the chained up toy . Staff went on to tell him thieves were also stealing valuable medical equipment. He said: 'They even had people stealing doctor's things while they were in surgery - taking clothes and all the rest of it, whether that be valuables or otherwise.' Aneurin Bevan University Health Board runs 14 hospitals covering Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, Monmouthshire, Newport, Torfaen and southern Powys. 'Unfortunately we do get toys and games taken from our hospitals,' a spokesman said. 'It is not a regular occurrence but we do encourage staff to secure and lock away some of the more popular and more expensive items. 'As with any large buildings open to the public we advise visitors and our own staff to be vigilant with valuables. Our hospitals have full CCTV coverage and security on site at all times.' This is not the first time children's toys have been targeted in hospitals. In April last year, thousands of pounds worth of toys donated to sick children at Great Ormond Street Children's Hospitals were stolen. Gadgets and goods including a Nintendo Wii, iPads, board games, phones, shoes, and cash were taken from Britain's largest hospital for unwell children.
highlights: Dean Beddis, 49, found toys chained to cots when at hospital with his son . His son Soren, 2, forced to play with a musical toy tied to cot with bike lock . Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital said thefts were a common problem .
id: 99d88a61f310aed092147466985b44b511ae06d7
chatgpt: A father in Newport, Wales has expressed concern after finding toys chained to cots while visiting his son in hospital. Dean Beddis, 49, discovered that his son Soren, 2, was forced to play with a musical toy tied to his cot with a bike lock. Beddis, who was at the Royal Gwent Hospital in Newport with his son, was stunned by what he found. "This is outrageous," Beddis said. "What kind of hospital forces children to play with toys that are chained to their cots?" Although the hospital has apologized, they have stated that "thefts of toys and other items are a common problem in hospitals." While this may be true, many are still questioning whether chaining toys to cots is the best solution. "It's understandable that hospitals might have theft problems, but I don't see how chaining toys to cots is necessary or appropriate," said Sarah Brown, a mother of three. "There must be other ways to deal with thefts." The hospital has yet to clarify what steps are being taken to deal with the issue of thefts. Meanwhile, parents are voicing their concerns about the impact this could have on children. "Children need to move around and play with different toys," said Emma Jackson, a child psychologist. "Chaining toys to cots could limit their opportunities for exploration and play, which can be detrimental to their development." Many are also concerned about the impact this could have on the hospital's reputation. "Hospitals are supposed to be safe and welcoming places for children," said Elaine Smith, a local politician. "If parents are left feeling that their children are being treated poorly, that's going to reflect badly on the hospital." The hospital has stated that they will review their policies and procedures to ensure that children are provided with a safe and appropriate environment. However, it remains to be seen what changes will be made. In the meantime, parents are being urged to take extra precautions when bringing toys into hospitals. This includes ensuring that all toys are labeled with the child's name and other identifying information, as well as taking precautions to prevent theft. While it's unclear what the future holds for the Royal Gwent Hospital, one thing is clear: parents and children deserve better. Chaining toys to cots is not a solution, and it's time for hospitals to find alternative ways to deal with thefts and protect the well-being of their young patients.