article: Berlin (CNN) -- At least seven homemade explosives have been found along Berlin's railways within the last three days, police said Wednesday, severely disrupting traffic on several lines. Two of the devices have exploded -- one Monday and one on Wednesday, authorities said, but nobody was killed or injured in the blasts. Monday's explosion occurred next to a railway link between Hamburg and Berlin. The damage has not yet been repaired, authorities said. Since Monday, at least 2,000 trains have been delayed due to the attacks, a spokesman for Deutsche Bahn told CNN Wednesday. Another arson attempt -- this one on BerlinÂ´s central train station -- failed Monday because officials discovered the device before it exploded. "The German national rail company Deutsche Bahn has become the victim of extremists. Nevertheless, our controls have been successful," said Gerd Neubeck, senior manager of the companyÂ´s security department, in a written statement Tuesday. Deutsche Bahn is offering a 100,000 euro (U.S. $138,120) reward for information leading to the arrests of those behind the blasts, according to a statement from the company. A group called the "Hekla Welcome Committee-Initiative for More Social Eruptions" has claimed responsibility for the explosions. "This morning we slowed down the German capital and its function as a global player in the export of armaments," said a statement from the group released Monday on a leftist website. However, the group said it is not acting "with the intention to endanger somebody's life." The group blames GermanyÂ´s involvement in the Afghan war for the attacks. "German soldiers kill in different parts of the world. For 10 years, the German armed forces are at war in Afghanistan -- without the agreement of the German people," Hekla said. At the beginning of October, a poll by the opinion research institute YouGov showed that two-thirds of all Germans do not believe in a successful military operation in Afghanistan anymore. The alleged attackers also demanded the release of U.S. Army Pfc. Bradley Manning from jail and criticized U.S. military actions all over the world. Manning is accused of leaking thousands of classified U.S. military and State Department documents to the WikiLeaks website. The incendiary devices found in the past few days were filled with fluid and usually placed on cables, officials said. An investigation by the regional German police agency Landeskriminalamt is under way. "I have ordered an immediate increase in police patrols around Berlin," German Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich said in a statement Wednesday. Sources from Germany's Office for the Protection of the Constitution told CNN Wednesday that the Hekla Welcome Committee was previously unknown to authorities. The sources requested anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media. One source said German railways are a common target of leftist extremists. In May, a homemade explosive device hidden next to an important railway hub in the city's east caused massive delays. In the 1970s, the leftist Red Army Faction terrorized Germany through bank robberies, kidnappings and assassinations. Its members were accused in more than 30 deaths.
highlights: NEW: Germany's railway operator is offering a reward for information in the case . No one has been hurt in the explosions, police say . A previously unknown group claims responsibility . The group is opposed to Germany's presence in Afghanistan .
id: 34cf6b5b4f13db6757f331e8696079de4caeb529
chatgpt: German railway operator Deutsche Bahn is offering a reward for information concerning a series of explosions that have occurred on its trains in recent weeks. So far, no one has been injured in the incidents, which have caused minor damage to the trains themselves. Police have described the explosions as "low-tech" and have yet to identify any suspects. However, a previously unknown group calling themselves "The Afghan Liberation Army" has claimed responsibility for the attacks. In a statement, the group said that it is opposed to Germany's military presence in Afghanistan. The explosions have caused widespread disruption for Germany's railway system, which is heavily used by both commuters and travelers. The incidents have led to lengthy delays and cancellations, and passengers have been advised to check their travel plans before setting out. Deutsche Bahn has called the attacks "unacceptable" and has urged anyone with information to come forward. It has also announced a reward of €50,000 for information that leads to an arrest and conviction in the case. The German government has condemned the attacks and has vowed to take all necessary measures to bring those responsible to justice. Speaking to reporters, government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said: "This is an attack not just on our railway system, but on our society as a whole. We will not tolerate such violence and will do everything we can to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice." There are concerns that the attacks may be part of a wider campaign by extremist groups to target infrastructure and public transport systems across Europe. There have been a number of similar incidents on trains and buses in France and Spain in recent years, carried out by groups with links to Islamic extremism. However, some experts have cautioned against jumping to conclusions and have pointed out that the group claiming responsibility for the attacks in Germany has not been linked to any wider extremist movements. Meanwhile, passengers on Germany's trains are growing increasingly frustrated with the disruption caused by the explosions. Many have been forced to make alternative travel arrangements, while others have been left stranded at stations. One commuter, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "It's a nightmare. I rely on the train to get to work every day, and now I have no idea how I'm going to get there. It's incredibly disruptive and stressful." With tensions already high in Europe over security issues and the refugee crisis, the attacks on Germany's train network have only added to fears of further violence and unrest. For now, authorities are urging vigilance and are working to identify any potential leads in the case. Whether the perpetrators are caught or not, the incidents have highlighted the vulnerability of Europe's public transport systems to attack, and will likely prompt a renewed focus on security measures to prevent similar incidents in the future.