article: Danny Care blamed England’s lack of discipline for their fifth straight defeat to a southern hemisphere side. Stuart Lancaster’s men lost hooker Dylan Hartley to the sin bin after 61 minutes for a cynical stamp on Duane Vermeulen’s knee while a string of breakdown penalties allowed Springbok Pat Lambie to kick nine points, as well as two conversions. In another incident, an unidentified England player faces being cited after New Zealand referee Steve Walsh was overheard confirming dangerous play in the first half. England captain Chris Robshaw looked devastated after the final whistle as England were beaten again . England scrum half Danny Care is adamant they have 'self-belief' but their discipline 'let them down' Citing commissioner Douglas Hunter was on Saturday night looking for television evidence which could incriminate an England player after Springbok flanker Schalk Burger was left with blood pouring from a head wound following an off-the-ball incident. ‘It was a cheap shot that caused the blood,’ Walsh was heard telling one of his touch judges. ‘It was obviously an illegal clear-out. We’ll look at it afterwards.’ Hartley cannot be cited as he received a yellow card for his stamp on Vermeulen, but Care admitted England’s indiscretions had proved costly. England hooker Dylan Hartley was sin-binned on 61 minutes for a cynical stamp on Duane Vermeulen . ‘Our discipline let us down,’ said Care, who was winning his 50th cap. ‘Perhaps it is because we were trying too hard because we so badly wanted to win. ‘I know people will write us off now but I know the self-belief there is in this side and that we will come back strong and our confidence will not be dented.’ England skipper Chris Robshaw said he and his team-mates failed to show enough aggression early on. South Africa came out on top 31-28 at Twickenham on Saturday to inflict another defeat on England . ‘We were a little bit reactive today,’ he said. ‘We allowed them to get ahead of us and then we were playing catch-up. We’ll have to work hard and move forward next week. ‘We didn’t start as strongly as we would’ve liked. We got back into the game, but couldn’t quite finish it.’ Meanwhile, another close encounter saw France hang on with 14 men to beat Australia 29-26. The game looked dead and buried before Remi Tales was given a yellow card for cynically killing the ball at a ruck, but while Australia managed a try to get in reach, they couldn’t quite finish the job. England coach Stuart Lancaster defended his team after they suffered their fifth straight defeat .
highlights: England lost 31-28 to South Africa at Twickenham on Saturday . Dylan Hartley was sin-binned for a stamp and another unnamed England player is being investigated for dangerous play in the first half . Scrum half Danny Care says 'self-belief' remains in England camp . He does admit, however, that their discipline 'let them down'
id: 6d6cf7c0af357e72f8afa8b8e2dce31baf086806
chatgpt: In a thrilling encounter at Twickenham on Saturday, South Africa defeated England by a score line of 31-28. Despite a valiant effort by the home side, their inability to maintain discipline throughout the match cost them dearly. England's chances of mounting a comeback were severely hampered when their captain, Dylan Hartley, was sin-binned for a stamp on an opposition player during the second half. This resulted in a significant loss of momentum for the home team, and South Africa was able to capitalize on England's reduced numbers. However, Hartley was not the only player to attract controversy during the match. Another England player, who remains unnamed, is currently being investigated for a dangerous play during the first half. These incidents highlight the fact that England's indiscipline was a major issue throughout the match. Despite the disappointing result, scrum half Danny Care remained defiant, stating that "self-belief" still remained in the England camp. However, he also conceded that their inability to maintain discipline had "let them down." This sentiment was echoed by England coach Eddie Jones, who admitted that the team needed to improve their discipline and composure if they were to be successful in the future. South Africa, on the other hand, will be delighted with the result. The away side demonstrated their resilience and composure throughout the match, and were able to weather the storm of England's second-half comeback. Their victory will provide a much-needed boost of confidence for the South African team, who have struggled in recent years. The match was a thrilling showcase of international rugby, with both sides demonstrating their attacking prowess and defensive capabilities. However, England will be left to rue their missed opportunities, and the fact that their lack of discipline ultimately cost them the match. Looking ahead, England will need to address their discipline issues if they are to be successful in the upcoming Six Nations tournament. The team will need to work on maintaining their composure under pressure and avoiding costly mistakes. While the loss to South Africa is undoubtedly disappointing, it should serve as a valuable lesson for the England team moving forward.