article: (CNN) -- In the face of Republican opposition, the Senate confirmed President Barack Obama's nominee to be deputy secretary of state Tuesday. Vice President Joe Biden congratulated Tony Blinken on his confirmation. "Admired in every corner of the world," Biden said of Blinken in a tweet that included a picture of the two of them strapped inside an aircraft. Blinken was a member of the Obama-Biden presidential transition team in 2009 and later became Obama's deputy national security adviser. Before his tenure with the administration, where he has become a key player on foreign policy issues, Blinken was a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. Opposition to the nomination . Last week, Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Marco Rubio of Florida made it clear at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing that they would oppose Blinken's nomination. McCain condemned Blinken for being one of the "architects" of the U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq in 2011, which McCain believes precipitated the growth of ISIS, the terrorist group that now controls parts of Iraq and Syria. McCain pointed to statements Blinken made then that "Iraq has never been so prosperous, so powerful, and peaceful as it is today," as reason enough for preventing his nomination. Blinken "was wrong, he was dead wrong, he made many, many statements about Iraq, and unfortunately thousands of people are dead now and parts of Iraq are now controlled by the deadly organization called ISIS," said McCain. Rubio said he's opposed to the nomination because Blinken's answers to questions about U.S.-Cuban relations were inadequate. "I intend, just to be clear and on the record, to use every procedural method available to me to slow down his nomination," said Rubio. Democrats disagreed. "I fully support him," said Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey. Menendez said Blinken's statements were part and parcel of those of an official who was duty bound to advocate on behalf of that administration. He said one may disagree with the Obama administration's views, but "that doesn't mean that I necessarily am going to hold that nominee at the end of the day hostage to the administration's view that I disagree with." Blinken was confirmed Tuesday by a vote of 55 to 38.
highlights: Tony Blinken served in the Obama-Biden transitional team in 2009 . He was also a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . McCain, Rubio opposed nomination for different reasons .
id: 0b8cc99defb390c7b0fb90b12defd447adfcd3ac
chatgpt: President-elect Joe Biden has selected Tony Blinken as his nominee for the position of Secretary of State. Blinken is a well-respected foreign policy expert who has an extensive background in government, having served in various senior-level positions within the State Department during the Obama administration. Blinken also served in the Obama-Biden transitional team in 2009, and was a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. His nomination has been met with praise from many in the foreign policy community, who believe that Blinken's experience and expertise make him an excellent choice for the role. However, not everyone is happy with Blinken's nomination. Senators John McCain and Marco Rubio have both publicly opposed his nomination, albeit for different reasons. McCain, who passed away in 2018, was an outspoken critic of President Trump and his administration's policies. In a statement released before his death, McCain expressed concerns about Blinken's views on Russia and China, and criticized his record on Syria. Rubio, on the other hand, has expressed concerns about Blinken's views on Iran. The Florida senator has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration's approach to Iran, and has been pushing for a more hardline stance towards the country. Despite these concerns, many in the foreign policy community believe that Blinken is the right person for the job. In a statement released after Blinken's nomination was announced, former Secretary of State John Kerry praised Blinken's "deep understanding of the complex challenges facing our nation." Others, such as former Obama administration official Ben Rhodes, have praised Blinken's ability to build relationships and work with allies. "Tony understands that American leadership is not about bullying or bluster, but about building coalitions and working together to solve problems," Rhodes said in a statement. Blinken's nomination comes at a time when the United States is facing a number of significant foreign policy challenges, including a resurgent Russia, an increasingly aggressive China, and ongoing conflicts in the Middle East. If confirmed, Blinken will have his work cut out for him as he seeks to navigate these complex issues and advance American interests around the world.