article: A Colorado school has caused a stir with an advisory that suggested women could urinate or vomit to deter a rape. The list of 10 tips by the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs was billed as "last resort" options to deter a sexual assault. "Tell your attacker that you have a disease or are menstruating," read one tip. "Vomiting or urinating may also convince the attacker to leave you alone," read another. By Tuesday night, the list was taken down and replaced by an explanation and an apology. But it was too late. The backlash had hit the Internet, and a hashtag on Twitter was created. Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin was one of many who criticized the eyebrow-raising list using the hashtag #UCCSTips. "New #UCCSTips for women: If vomiting or urinating doesn't deter your attacker, try passing gas," Malkin tweeted. "#UCCSTips or if all else fails, ask attacker to pull your finger!" Jason Griggs  tweeted. Police: Man raped woman he met on Christian dating website . Some women on the Colorado campus said they were confused by the list. "Tell your attacker you have a disease or menstruating? I don't understand how that will keep someone from attacking you," student Leah McFann told CNN affiliate KRDO. Some on campus also wondered why the list did not emphasize more conventional ways of fighting back. Tom Hutton, a spokesman for the university, said the list had been taken out of context. "It was part of supplemental information intended for women who had completed a self-defense class on campus," Hutton told KRDO. Gang rape victim fights back for girls' education . Hutton said the list was created in 2006 but may have resurfaced because the issue of rape on campus had been in the news recently in Colorado. Last week, Colorado lawmakers debated legislation that would ban firearms in college campus buildings. The debate made headlines after Democratic State Rep. Joe Salazar made controversial statements about ways to protect women on campuses. "Because you just don't know who you are going to be shooting at," Salazar said last week. "If you feel like you're going to be raped or if you feel like someone's been following you around or if you feel like you're in trouble and when you may actually not be -- that you pop out that gun and you pop-pop a round at somebody. And you might have just made a mistake." Salazar later apologized for the comment. Amanpour: Fighting rape in South Africa's 'broken system'
highlights: The list was billed as last resort to deter a rape . Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin criticized the list . The university took the list down and apologized .
id: 750a0f3a4a69b619f12d22c3c6254dd389d0ead8
chatgpt: The University of Kansas has apologized for publishing a list of recommended anti-rape tactics that sparked outrage amongst conservatives. The list of suggestions was intended to be a last resort for potential victims of sexual assault, outlining actions such as vomiting and urinating on oneself to deter a rapist.  However, conservative blogger Michelle Malkin criticized the list, calling it "insane" and "a pathetic surrender to the rape culture." Malkin, who often speaks out against perceived liberal bias in academia, claimed that the list made victims of sexual assault look weak and encouraged potential perpetrators of assault.  The list was quickly taken down by the university, which issued a statement apologizing for the "inappropriate material." The statement read, "We recognize that some of the listed information was not appropriate for inclusion and apologizes to anyone was who was offended or affected." The controversy over the anti-rape list highlights the ongoing debate over how best to address sexual assault on college campuses. While some advocates argue that providing potential victims with self-defense tactics and strategies can be empowering and effective, others argue that it ignores the underlying problem of rape culture and puts the burden of preventing assault on individuals rather than institutions. The University of Kansas is not alone in facing criticism over its approach to sexual assault prevention. Many universities have come under fire in recent years for mishandling sexual assault cases and failing to provide adequate support for victims. The issue has sparked nationwide movements such as #MeToo and has prompted new legislation aimed at preventing campus sexual assault and holding universities accountable. In response to the outcry over the anti-rape list, the University of Kansas has promised to review its sexual assault prevention programs and make changes where necessary. The university has also invited feedback from students, faculty, and staff on how best to address sexual assault on campus. Despite the controversy, many students and faculty members at the University of Kansas support the university's efforts to prevent sexual assault. "I think it's a good thing that the university is taking steps to address sexual assault and provide resources for potential victims," commented one student. "I hope that they continue to listen to feedback and make improvements where necessary." Regardless of the approach taken, it is clear that addressing sexual assault on college campuses is an ongoing and complex issue that requires ongoing education, dialogue, and action. As universities work to improve their prevention and response strategies, it is important that they listen to the perspectives and experiences of survivors and other stakeholders in the campus community.