article: NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Reports that "virginity tests" were conducted on would-be-brides for a mass wedding has prompted India's federal woman rights watchdog to launch an investigation. Young Indian men and women are paraded before a mass wedding in 2006 in the village of Funda. But a district magistrate said the tests were simply "clinical examinations" that were initiated after one of the brides gave birth at a previous mass wedding. In largely-conservative India, pre-marital sex remains a taboo. In fact, sexually explicit scenes on screen in Bollywood and on television sometimes spark controversies. The alleged tests happened in Madhya Pradesh state which is controlled by conservative Hindu nationalists who are members of the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party. The controversy is indicative of the row between them and their opponents in the Congress Party, who dominate the federal government. The National Commission for Women (NCW) said it has also sought a report from the government and police of Madhya Pradesh state, its spokeswoman Kareena B. Thengamam told CNN. She said the NCW had become aware of reports that some 150 brides-to-be, mostly tribal women, were subject to "virginity tests" before their mass wedding on June 30 as part of a state government scheme. The watchdog has also formed an inquiry committee of its own. State authorities, however, denied conducting any virginity tests, but insisted they were "just clinical examinations" before the event. On its part, Madhya Pradesh state insists the "clinical examinations" aimed to keep the event free from any fraudulent entries -- like women already married, but wanting to get free wedding goodies. The state government organizes mass weddings involving economically-backward couples, with support worth $130 for each pair. The support is not in cash, but in the form of household articles. The district magistrate of Shahdol, where the mass wedding took place, said 13 women were found to be pregnant in the examinations, which he claimed followed "routine" questioning about their age and health. "Another was found to be minor (underage)," Neeraj Dubey added. None of the 14 was allowed to take part in the mass wedding. District officials introduced clinical examinations on women wanting to get married in the mass weddings after a participant delivered a baby right at the event earlier, he said. "But there is no internal examination; it's only abdomen check and that too after some questioning," he claimed.
highlights: Indian rights watchdog investigates reports of "virginity tests" on would-be-brides . State authorities insists tests were "just clinical examinations" In largely-conservative India, pre-marital sex remains taboo .
id: ac83ac3f31c1091ab463bede25c28fe6a5afdd6e
chatgpt: The Indian National Commission for Women (NCW) has launched an investigation into reports of virginity tests being conducted on women in the country. The tests are being administered to women who are about to get married, despite many calling for their abolition. A part of the largely-conservative Indian society, pre-marital sex is still considered taboo, and many families insist that a woman’s hymen must be intact prior to her wedding. That has led to some families requesting virginity tests on their daughters, and some doctors apparently agreeing to oblige. NCW Chairperson Rekha Sharma has expressed her horror at the reported practice, declaring it to be a violation of women’s rights. She further called it a sham clinical examination that is being conducted under the guise of a medical check-up. In response, state authorities have insisted that the tests being referred to are not virginity tests but rather routine medical examinations. State Health Minister Rajeev Bindal said that these examinations are conducted to detect any sexually transmitted infections (STIs). However, the NCW has rejected this explanation, stating that no such tests are required before a marriage can take place. The women's rights watchdog intends to take the matter further with a thorough investigation into the matter. Gender-based violence has been a pressing issue in India, with a historic silencing of victims, and a perception that any form of sexual assault may bring shame to the family. The issue was brought to the fore after the brutal gang rape and murder of a Delhi student back in December 2012. Stricter laws pertaining to sexual violence, including the death penalty in some cases have since been introduced, but instances of violence against women continue to be reported by media. The recent instance of virginity tests is just another example of deep rooted patriarchal practices which refuse to die a natural death. It is hoped that the current investigation by the NCW will bring a positive change in such practices once and for all.