article: New York (CNN) -- Rather than celebrating Father's Day on Sunday afternoon, Horace Russell marched with several thousand people to take a stand against the New York Police Department's controversial "stop and frisk" policy. "I feel it every single day, practically," said Russell, who works as a teacher in the Bronx. "I've been pulled over and pushed against fences, frisked, but have never been arrested." Russell's story sounded familiar to many of Sunday's marchers, who want to see action from Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly -- either by abolishing or reforming stop-and-frisk. Last year, nearly 685,000 people were stopped by officers in cases that ended with no meaningful charge, according to police department statistics. Of these, 87% were African-American or Latino, the police department says. "They profile me because I'm a Rastafarian and I have dreadlocks, so therefore I get pulled over just for my looks," said Russell. Sunday's silent march started at 110th Street and headed down Fifth Avenue, ending at 78th Street after passing Bloomberg's townhouse on 79th Street. "I don't know a single black or Latino male who doesn't say he is basically afraid to be out on the streets," said the Rev. Stephen Phelps, a senior minister at the Riverside Church near West Harlem. He was one of a diverse group of faith leaders, and representatives of some 300 organizations , brought together by the Rev. Al Sharpton's National Action Network. On Sunday morning, speaking at a Christian Cultural Center, Mayor Bloomberg attempted to preempt the demonstration's inevitable message: "I understand why some people want us to stop making stops," he said. "Innocent people who are stopped can be treated disrespectfully. That is not acceptable... Police Commissioner Kelly and I both believe we can do a better job in this area -- and he's instituted a number of reforms to do that. "We believe that when it comes to making stops -- to borrow a phrase from President Clinton -- the practice should be mended, not ended." However, in official circles, there appears to be strong divergence in opinion. "It's racial profiling of people who are almost all innocent of any wrongdoing," said New York City Comptroller John Liu, who was advocating abolition at the protest march. He said he would prefer "strategies of focused deterrents that we have seen in Atlanta, Chicago and Boston that actually reduce crime." Jumaane Williams, a New York city councilman from Brooklyn, said Bloomberg and Kelly "have shown no leadership" on the stop-and-frisk issue. "Inherent in any police officer's ability to do their job is their ability to stop somebody they feel is reasonably suspicious. The current policy is not that -- it's stopping people because they are black or brown." Williams added, "Whether you say end it or reform it, we have to end the way that policy currently exists."
highlights: Marchers silently protested New York's "stop and frisk" policy . The NYPD says last year nearly 685,000 were stopped in cases that didn't end in charges . The police department says 87% were African-American or Latino . "The practice should be mended, not ended," says the mayor .
id: 7a47c6ce50cd5737a35fea60b47b8a71bd28eade
chatgpt: In a silent but powerful display of dissent, thousands of marchers took to the streets of New York City over the weekend to protest the controversial "stop and frisk" policy. This policing strategy has long been criticized for its disproportionate impact on minorities, particularly African Americans and Latinos. According to the New York Police Department (NYPD), nearly 685,000 individuals were subjected to "stop and frisk" searches last year alone. What's more, the vast majority of those targeted - a staggering 87% - were minorities. Critics of the policy argue that "stop and frisk" searches amount to little more than racial profiling. Many who have been subjected to these searches report feeling singled out and humiliated by the experience. They argue that it is unfair - and unconstitutional - to assume that someone is guilty of a crime simply because of their race or ethnicity. Despite these criticisms, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has defended the "stop and frisk" policy, arguing that it has helped to reduce crime rates across the city. He has repeatedly stated that he does not believe the policy should be abolished - only "mended." Proponents of "stop and frisk" argue that the policy is a necessary tool for law enforcement officers to use in order to keep communities safe. They contend that it has helped to reduce crime rates in areas where it is most heavily used. They also point to the fact that not all searches end in charges as evidence that the policy is not being used indiscriminately. However, critics point out that the policy has had a hugely disproportionate impact on minority communities, and that it has done little to improve safety in these areas. They argue that the resources spent on "stop and frisk" would be better invested in programs that address the root causes of crime, such as poverty, inadequate education, and lack of access to mental health services. The protests over the weekend were organized by a coalition of civil rights groups, who are calling for an end to "stop and frisk" searches. They argue that the policy is not only unconstitutional but also ineffective, and that it has done serious damage to the relationship between law enforcement agencies and minority communities. "We're here today because we want to send a message to the NYPD - and to Mayor de Blasio - that we will not stand for this kind of racial profiling," said one protester. "We want to live in a city where everyone is treated with dignity and respect, regardless of their race or ethnicity." Despite the growing opposition to "stop and frisk" searches, it remains to be seen whether Mayor de Blasio will take action to reform the policy. For now, many New Yorkers are left feeling frustrated and disillusioned by a system that seems to target them unfairly, based solely on the color of their skin.