article: By . Sami Mokbel . Follow @@SamiMokbel81_DM . Tottenham are pressing ahead with plans to appoint Mauricio Pochettino as their next manager. And the White Hart Lane club are growing increasingly confident they can announce Pochettino as Tim Sherwood's replacement by the end of week. Spurs have privately expressed to Southampton their interest in the Argentine and work towards appointing the manager has been ongoing behind the scenes for a fortnight. Is that the way to White Hart Lane? Southampton boss Mauricio Pochettino looks set for Tottenham . Turmoil: Spurs have endured a difficult season which culminated in the sacking of Tim Sherwood . Talks are at an advanced stage, and barring a last-minute collapse in the deal, Pochettino should be installed as new White Hart Lane chief in the coming days. Sportsmail revealed Tottenham's intention to approach Pochettino on March 7. However, the 42-year-old has been forced to fend off competition from Ajax boss Frank de Boer, who made a late rally for the post last week. Pochettino has forged a reputation as one of the country's most-promising managers since his arrival in 2013. And he is now set to be handed the task of firing Tottenham back into the Champions League. De Boer's hopes had been been raised again despite his controversial outburst following his fourth successive Eredivisie triumph with Ajax. The Dutchman was openly critical of Tottenham's handling of their recruitment process when he discovered he was among a number of candidates. De Boer has the pedigree after a phenomenal start to his managerial career in Holland and has also worked with Spurs' star midfielder Christian Eriksen. Pedigree: Ajax manager Frank de Boer has enjoyed a phenomenal start to his managerial career in Holland . Headscratcher: Daniel Levy (front centre) has a decision to make about the next Tottenham manager . But Pochettino's representatives have persuaded Levy that the Southampton manager could  make the step up to one of English football's top clubs. He has been involved in a series of talks with Saints aimed at keeping him at St Mary's, but he has yet to make a decision. Levy, coming under increasing pressure to make an appointment, is ready to make his final move within the next two days. Tottenham had also spoken to former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini about the job but the Italian is not now a contender. Mancini is currently in Turkey with Galatasaray and has just finished his first season in Istanbul by winning the domestic cup. The 49-year-old is looking for a return to the Barclays Premier League and was very keen on the job at White Hart Lane. Mancini feels he has unfinished business in England after being sacked by City just over a year ago.
highlights: Spurs confident of appointing Mauricio Pochettino this week . Southampton boss is set to beat Ajax manager Frank de Boer to the post . The Argentine is in advanced talks with Spurs chairman Daniel Levy . Tim Sherwood was sacked this month after less than a season in charge .
id: 1bb285859a92b913d5afb713de994c36a8f96f15
chatgpt: Mauricio Pochettino is set to make a sensational return to Tottenham Hotspur as the club closes in on a deal to appoint the Argentine as their new head coach this week. The former Southampton boss is said to be in advanced talks with Spurs chairman Daniel Levy and is expected to beat Ajax manager Frank de Boer to the post. The news comes just weeks after Tottenham parted ways with Tim Sherwood, who was sacked after less than a season in charge. Sherwood, who was appointed on a 18-month contract in December 2013, was let go after failing to qualify for the Champions League and finishing in sixth place in the Premier League. Pochettino, whose stock has risen considerably in recent years following his impressive spell at Southampton, is seen as the perfect man to take the club forward as they look to challenge for a top-four place in the coming seasons. The 42-year-old, who is widely regarded as one of the brightest young managers in the game, is known for his tactical acumen and ability to develop young players. Under his guidance, Southampton enjoyed a hugely successful campaign last season, defying the odds to finish in eighth place in the Premier League and reaching the League Cup quarter-finals. His departure from St Mary's was seen as a blow to the south coast club, who had been hoping to build on their strong showing under his leadership. However, Pochettino's appointment at Tottenham is now set to be confirmed in the coming days, with the club confident of sealing the deal before the end of the week. His arrival will be seen as a major coup for the north London side, who are looking to make a statement of intent ahead of the new season. Tottenham, who have failed to qualify for the Champions League for the past four seasons, are hoping that Pochettino can help them bridge the gap to the top four and compete with the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea. His record of developing young talent is also likely to appeal to Spurs chairman Levy, who is keen to see the club build for the future. Speaking to reporters on Monday, Levy said: "We are in advanced talks with Mauricio Pochettino and we are confident of agreeing a deal in the coming days. Mauricio is an outstanding coach who has done a fantastic job at Southampton and we believe he is the right man to take this club forward." Pochettino's appointment will also mark a change in direction for Tottenham, who have been criticised in recent years for their lack of a clear playing style and identity. The Argentine's high-pressing game and focus on developing young players is likely to endear him to the club's fans, who have been calling for a more progressive approach. With Pochettino set to be unveiled as the club's new head coach, Tottenham can now look forward to the start of the new season with renewed optimism and a sense of purpose. The Argentine's arrival is sure to inject new energy into the club and provide a fresh impetus as they aim to make their mark in the Premier League and beyond.