article: A deadly brain-eating bacteria has been found thriving in a Louisiana parish water supply serving more than 12,000 people. Though no illnesses have been reported, the Naegleria fowleri amoeba has been found in the system running to Reserve, Garyville, and Mt. Airy, according to the  the state's Department of Health and Hospitals in a statement released Wednesday. Infections with the bug are extremely rare - perhaps 132 cases have been reported from 1962 to 2014 - but of those who've fallen victim only three survived. Scroll down for video . The Lions water treatment plant, serving more than 12,000 people, has been found to carry the deadly Naegleria fowleri amoeba in its water . The New Orleans Times-Picayune reports that the state surveillance program was sampling Water District No. 1 when it discovered the system was not in compliance for minimum disinfectant levels that would control the bacteria. Louisiana required a higher disinfectant level after a 4-year-old boy from Mississippi was infected with the amoeba and died in September 2013 after visiting St. Bernard Parish. The amoeba can survive in untreated fresh water, hot springs, and hot water heaters, as well as untreated swimming pools, according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention quoted by NBC News. 'Families can take simple . steps to protect themselves from exposure to this amoeba, the most . important being to avoid allowing water to go up your nose while bathing . or swimming in a pool,' Louisiana State Health Officer Jimmy Guidry told reporters. 'It is important to remember that the water is safe to . drink; the amoeba cannot infect an individual through the stomach.' The water is being treated with chlorine, but any entrance into the nasal passage could still result in infection in the brain. The bacteria is incredibly deadly, claiming all but three of the 132 people reportedly infected since 1962 . The New Orleans Times-Picayune reports that in response to the amoeba detection, the St. John public school systems is turning off water fountains at all schools. A 60-day chlorine burn has also been imposed on the St. John water system. The water lines will be infused with the chemical, creating a stronger and quicker effect than the normal process of using a combination of chlorine and ammonia. Once the burn is complete, the state will perform another test. The parish Utilities Department is taking immediate actions to fully . chlorinate the water system and eliminate the threat," Parish President . Natalie Robottom told reporters. 'As more information becomes available, it will . be released to the public.' This is Louisiana's third water system to test positive for the amoeba. The St. Bernard Parish as found to have it in 2013, and the 2011 deaths of two people in DeSoto Parish were found to be because of amoeba infection.
highlights: Naegleria fowleri amoeba found in the water supply of Louisiana water system serving more than 12,000 people . Only three of 132 reported cases of infection since 1962 have survived . Officials claim the water is safe to drink but can infect through the nasal passage . Water supply will be treated with chlorine for 60 days before state tests it again .
id: 5e1066a46dc04e017b924b56bdb9c5751cc7776a
chatgpt: A deadly amoeba known as Naegleria fowleri has been found in the water supply of a Louisiana water system that serves more than 12,000 people. Naegleria fowleri is rare, but nearly always fatal if it leads to an infection. In fact, only three out of the 132 reported cases since 1962 have survived. State and local officials have stated that the water is currently safe to drink, but that the amoeba can cause an infection through the nasal passage. Inhaling contaminated water into the nasal passages can lead to what is known as primary amebic meningoencephalitis, or PAM. This deadly infection begins with flu-like symptoms and eventually progresses to severe brain swelling and death. Despite the potential danger, residents in the impacted areas are being told to continue using the water as usual. The water supply will be treated with chlorine for the next 60 days before being tested again by the state to ensure all traces of the amoeba have been eliminated. Naegleria fowleri thrives in warm water environments, which is why it is commonly found in warm rivers, lakes, and hot springs. It is also commonly found in improperly maintained swimming pools, hot tubs, and other water features. This is not the first time that Naegleria fowleri has been found in the water supply system of a town or city. In fact, several other southern states, including Texas and Florida, have faced similar outbreaks in recent years. However, officials are quick to reassure residents that the risks of exposure are relatively low. Drinking the contaminated water is not likely to result in an infection, as the amoeba requires a specific environment in order to thrive. Additionally, the risk of exposure is greatly reduced when using a properly functioning water filtration system. Despite the low risk, residents in the affected areas are understandably concerned about their safety. Many have expressed frustration and anxiety about the potential for exposure, and are calling on officials to take more aggressive action to ensure the safety of the water supply. Until the water supply is deemed completely safe, residents are being advised to avoid inhaling water through their nasal passages while showering or bathing. This may involve using a nose clip or holding the breath. Overall, officials remain optimistic that the situation can be successfully resolved with the proper precautions and steps. By treating the water supply with chlorine and conducting regular testing to ensure the amoeba has been eradicated, it is hoped that residents can return to their normal routines with confidence and peace of mind.