article: Marouane Chamakh is certainly enjoying his time away from the pitch as the Crystal Palace striker was spotted on a night out in London with Playboy twins Carla and Melissa Howe. The 30-year-old headed to Chinawhite near Oxford Circus with the Playboy bunnies before heading on to a second club, Beat. Former Arsenal forward Chamakh missed Sunday's 4-0 victory at Dover in the FA Cup third round as he continued his recovery from a hamstring injury. VIDEO Scroll down to watch twins Melissa and Carla Howe filming at Playboy Mansion . Crystal Palace striker Marouane Chamakh heads out in London with Playboy bunny Carla Howe . The 30-year-old Moroccan forward was also joined by Carla's twin Melissa (left) The Howe twins, who are Playboy models, pose for a photo posted on Melissa's Instagram page . The Moroccan didn't seem keen to be caught on camera while Melissa Howe (right) picked up some roses . Due to injuries Chamakh hasn't featured for Crystal Palace since December 13 and missed the crucial festive programme. But life away from the field appears to be good if the pictures of his night out are anything to go by. The Playboy twins were born in Berkshire but now divide their time between London and Hollywood, pursuing careers in modelling and acting. Chamakh, who is currently out of the Crystal Palace side with a hamstring injury, out in central London . The 24-year-olds have appeared in music videos, magazine shoots and starred alongside Snoop Dogg in High School Movie. Chamakh's career hasn't taken off in England since arriving at Arsenal in 2010. He has scored one goal in all competitions this season, against West Ham in August, but may have the chance to regain his form and fitness under new Eagles manager Alan Pardew. Palace need all their strikers firing as they're in the bottom three of the Premier League and host high-flying Tottenham this Saturday. Chamakh headed to Chinawhite in central London with Playboy bunny Carla Howe and her twin Melissa . The Moroccan international last scored for Crystal Palace back in August against West Ham . Former Arsenal forward Chamakh has struggled for form this season with just one goal in all competitions .
highlights: Marouane Chamakh is out for Crystal Palace side with a hamstring injury . Chamakh last scored for Palace at the end of August . The 30-year-old hasn't played in the first team since December 13 .
id: f0808e7f6d110c561514da9d98584871f8a91df2
chatgpt: Crystal Palace has been dealt a major blow with the news that Marouane Chamakh is out of action due to a hamstring injury. The Moroccan international has been struggling with injury problems throughout the season and this latest setback could see him sidelined for a considerable period of time.  Chamakh last scored for Palace in their Premier League clash against Burnley at the end of August. Since then, he has struggled to make a meaningful impact for the team despite showing glimpses of his undoubted quality. Fans will be disappointed to learn that the 30-year-old won't be available for selection in the immediate future.  Unlike some of his fellow Premier League stars, Chamakh is not one to hog the limelight. He goes about his business quietly and unobtrusively, always willing to work hard for the team. This has endeared him to both fans and teammates alike, who appreciate his selfless approach to the game.  Chamakh's absence from the first team has been keenly felt in recent weeks. Palace has struggled for goals, and the Moroccan's ability to hold the ball up and bring others into play has been sorely missed. Head coach Roy Hodgson will be hoping for a swift return to fitness for Chamakh, who remains an important player for the Eagles.  The last time Chamakh played for Palace was in their 2-2 draw against West Brom on December 13. He came off the bench to replace Wilfried Zaha in the second half but was unable to influence the game as he had done on so many occasions in the past. Since then, his injury problems have flared up once again, leading to his current absence from the team.  Palace currently sits in 13th position in the Premier League table, having amassed 32 points from their 27 games played so far. They face a difficult run of fixtures over the coming weeks, with games against Tottenham, Manchester United, and Chelsea all on the horizon. Hodgson will need to find a way to get his team firing on all cylinders once again if they are to continue their push up the table.  As for Chamakh, there is no doubt that his absence will be felt by the team. His work rate, technical ability, and eye for a goal make him a valuable asset for Palace. However, with his injury problems persisting, it remains to be seen when he will be able to make his return to the first team. Fans will be hoping that he is back in action sooner rather than later, as Palace pushes for a strong finish to the season.