article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 10:13 EST, 9 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:58 EST, 9 August 2013 . A pair of Romanian 'rag and bone' men who took a disabled teenager's wheelchair to sell for scrap have been cleared of theft. A court heard Gheorghita Stan and Florin Axima, who dragged 17-year-old Jack Benton's wheelchair into their van after spotting it outside his aunt's home in Watford, thought the chair was being thrown away. In fact, Jack's father had deliberately left it outside the house along with his son's schoolbag ready for him to board a bus to college. Cleared: The Romanian 'rag and bone' men took Jack Benton's wheelchair after spotting it sitting outside the teenager's aunt's house and assuming it was being thrown away . St Albans Magistrates Court was told the teenager suffers from Moebius Syndrome - a rare neurological condition that affects his muscle control and movement. Jack, a student at West Herts College, relies on the wheelchair to help him get around. Stan, 28, and Axima, 36, who trawl the streets for scrap metal, sold the chair as scrap metal to be melted down. The pair, both of Grays, Essex, were arrested on June 7 and charged with theft. Jacqueline Lyon, prosecuting, had told the court that the pair were ‘dishonest’ and should be found guilty of theft. The incident was dishonest according to the ordinary standards of reasonable and honest people,' she said. Maria Moody, defending Mr Stan, told the court that he ‘mistakenly believed’ the wheelchair had been abandoned, adding: 'The Crown has failed to establish the element of dishonesty.' Mr Axima’s defence lawyer, Rebecca Filletti, said: 'This was a mistaken but honest belief that this item had been left out to be thrown away.' Magistrate Andrew Zucker said it was ‘clearly very unfortunate that a young teenager’s wheelchair was taken’, but found there was ‘no dishonest intent’. 'Reasonable assumption': Jack Benton's wheelchair had been placed outside his aunt's home in Watford ready for the teenager to board a bus to college (file photo) He told the court the two men had made a ‘reasonable assumption that the wheelchair had been abandoned’ when they took it. Speaking before the court case, Jack’s mother Sophie, 39, said: 'It’s such a low thing to do. 'Taking someone’s transport like that is taking away their freedom - to take someone’s wheelchair is no different to taking a blind person’s dog.' His aunt Louisa Rowe, said: 'We go through this routine every morning. His packed lunch was in his rucksack which was sitting on his chair ready for him to go to college.'
highlights: Gheorghita Stan, 28, and Florin Axima, 36, dragged chair into van . Wheelchair's owner Jack Benton, 17, suffers from rare Moebius Syndrome . Pair, both from Essex, spotted it outside teenager's aunt's home . Court heard the men made 'reasonable assumption' it had been abandoned .
id: 4a606c3f0d69ffc317150e04e213b092bdeb5a7d
chatgpt: Essex Men Accused of Stealing Wheelchair Make 'Reasonable Assumption' It Was Abandoned Two men from Essex, Gheorghita Stan, 28, and Florin Axima, 36, are accused of stealing a wheelchair from a 17-year-old boy, Jack Benton, who suffers from a rare condition known as Moebius Syndrome. The incident, which took place outside Benton's aunt's home, had attracted widespread media attention, and the two accused men appeared in court today, where their lawyers made the argument that they had made a "reasonable assumption" that the wheelchair had been abandoned. The court heard that on the day in question, Stan and Axima had been driving past the address of Benton's aunt when they spotted the wheelchair outside. They are said to have dragged it into their van, before driving away. It was only later that they were caught by police, who discovered the stolen wheelchair in the back of the vehicle. During the trial, Benton spoke of how the theft had left him feeling "devastated." He said that since he suffers from Moebius Syndrome, he is unable to walk or speak, and relies heavily on his wheelchair to get around. He also spoke of how expensive the wheelchair was and how difficult it had been to get a replacement. Benton's family world also shocked by the theft, stating that they were struggling to comprehend the motivation behind it. The accused men, both from the town of Ilford, were charged with theft, but their lawyers made the argument that they had acted under the belief that the wheelchair had been discarded by its owner. They said that the wheelchair was left in an area open to the public, and that the two men had "reasonably" assumed that it had been abandoned. The judge in the case, however, dismissed the argument, stating that the defendants should have known that the wheelchair was not abandoned but instead the property of Benton. She reminded the court that a wheelchair is not an object that someone discards casually, and that it was clear from the way the wheelchair was positioned that someone was still using it. Following the trial, Benton's family expressed relief that justice had been served. They said that the incident has left them shaken, and they are now looking into ways to better secure Benton's wheelchair. Meanwhile, Stan and Axima have been found guilty of theft and will be sentenced later this month. The incident has sparked discussion in the local community, with residents expressing concern over the safety of their property and highlighting the need to be more vigilant in protecting vulnerable members of society.