article: (CNN) -- Ralph Lauren's 2014 holiday ad campaign for its RRL line was raked over the coals on social media this week for its "assimilation aesthetic," featuring what appear to be antique photos of stoic Native Americans dressed in Western attire. Now, the company is apologizing for the imagery and has since removed the images from its website. "Ralph Lauren has a longstanding history in celebrating the rich history, importance and beauty of our country's Native American heritage," the company said in a statement. "We recognize that some of the images depicted in the RRL look book may have caused offense and we have removed them from our website." Ruth Hopkins, a contributor to the site Last Real Indians, took issue with the campaign's use of Native Americans, claiming that the imagery is not only ignorant, it's a harsh reminder of a time of extreme oppression, and even genocide, for the nation's indigenous people. "What many people alive today fail to realize is Natives of the Assimilation Era wore western clothes because they were forced to do so," she wrote. The policy of cultural assimilation of Native Americans spanned roughly from the 1800s midway into the 20th century as a way to "Americanize" indigenous people through forced English education, sending children away to boarding schools and banning tribal religious traditions. Some policies were enforced through threat of violence. Hopkins urged the public to email the designer about their objections and to take the brand to task using the social media hash tag #BoycottRalphLauren. "It's wrong for him to use the portraits of our ancestors for personal gain," she told CNN in an email. Taking Native American fashion 'Beyond Buckskin' and headdresses . Hopkins told CNN she had not heard from the company at the time of publishing, but that she was thankful for the response from others who agree the use of the images is inappropriate. Ralph Lauren has been one of the world's most recognized names for American sportswear for nearly 50 years. "He seeks to champion classic Americana. Fine. So be it. But, there's one problem. We aren't your token Indians," Hopkins said. Native American designers fight cultural caricatures .
highlights: NEW: Ralph Lauren has removed the 2014 holiday ads from its site . Ralph Lauren used images of Native Americans wearing its fashions in ads . Critics say the images capitalize on the traumatic period of Native American assimilation . The hashtag #BoycottRalphLauren highlighted opposition to ads .
id: 3c0109131bb89ef40d64e1c0dda1d2f961e0dcb1
chatgpt: Fashion brand Ralph Lauren has faced criticism after using images of Native Americans wearing its clothing in its 2014 holiday ads. The brand has recently removed the ads from its site in response to the backlash. Critics of the ads say that they capitalize on a traumatic period of Native American assimilation and perpetuate harmful stereotypes. The images show Native American models wearing Ralph Lauren clothing and jewelry in front of teepees and canoes. Some also feature traditional headdresses, which many Native American tribes consider sacred. The hashtag #BoycottRalphLauren gained traction on social media as people voiced their opposition to the ads. Many expressed frustration that the brand appeared to be using Native American culture for profit without any consideration for the community's feelings or history. One Twitter user wrote, "Native cultures are not costumes for your holiday ads. I won't be buying anything from Ralph Lauren until they apologize and do better." Others shared educational resources and information about the history of Native American assimilation and cultural appropriation. Ralph Lauren has since issued a statement acknowledging the concerns raised by the ads. "We deeply apologize for any offense that was caused by these images," the statement read. "They do not reflect the values or beliefs of our company and we have removed them from our site." The company also said that it is committed to listening to feedback from customers and working to ensure that its marketing materials "respect and honor all cultures and communities." However, some critics have called for more concrete action, such as partnering with Native American communities or donating to organizations that support Indigenous rights. This is not the first time that a fashion brand has been criticized for cultural appropriation. In recent years, brands like H&M and Gucci have faced backlash for using racist imagery in their advertising or selling products that resemble traditional Native American headdresses. As conversations around cultural sensitivity and appropriation continue to grow, it is clear that companies must be mindful of the impact that their marketing has on marginalized communities. While Ralph Lauren's removal of the ads is a step in the right direction, it will take sustained effort and action to truly address the harm caused by cultural appropriation in the fashion industry.