article: Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- There is a feeling of palpable shock in the Merchant district of Glasgow after a police helicopter crashed into a the Clutha bar, which was packed with about 150 people. The accident, which killed at least nine people and left at least 14 seriously injured, happened in a bustling part of the city, where the drinks are served strong and the nightlife goes late. What's been remarkable are the stories of how people behaved on the night. There are no tales of people pushing and climbing over each other to get out. Rather the opposite is true -- those inside set up chain gangs to move debris, helping the injured get out. Passerby including a local Member of Parliament rushed towards the danger to help out. Next to the crash site is the local Holiday Inn, which has remained open throughout. It makes an odd sight: cranes and rescue workers digging through the debris of the collapsed pub while guests at the hotel drag their bags up and down the closed roads passing the media and having their names checked by the police to get back in the hotel. The Clutha was a pub everyone knew and loved with a feeling of community. One man who was there on Friday night came to lay flowers, his head fully bandaged, and with cuts on his face from injuries he received in the crash. Moira, who turned up to lay flowers at the scene of the crash, told me she would regularly go there to hang out and hear music. She had decided not to go last Friday night. All weekend Glaswegians have been coming to get as close as they can to see the crash site with the helicopter rotors just sticking out from the roof. And in the streets around the pub the police continue to go door to door asking finding out what people may have seen. The locals are calling this unthinkable and even those who were nowhere near the site are dazed when they come here and see what happened. There is now the slow, painstaking work of removing the helicopter from the pub, piece by piece. So far the rotors have been dismantled and now they are planning how to lift the body of the aircraft out of the building. It is dangerous since the slightest wrong move could bring down the rest of the building and potentially injure the rescuers. The Chief Constable of Police Scotland summed up this tragedy. Paraphrasing he said imagine the scene, you are having a drink and a good night out when a helicopter crashes through the roof. This is the awfulness of what happened here: the very ordinary suddenly became out of this world.
highlights: Locals in Glasgow stunned by crash of a police helicopter into a busy pub . Accident killed at least nine people and left at least 14 seriously injured . Richard Quest says no one pushed to escape; instead they set up human chains . Rescue is dangerous since wrong move could bring down the rest of the building .
id: ff5b1552320e183941d8d58f726f589324035284
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the Scottish city of Glasgow as a police helicopter crashed into a busy pub on Friday night, killing at least nine people and injuring another 14. The incident occurred at the Clutha Vaults, a popular pub situated on Stockwell Street, in the city centre. Local residents were stunned as news of the crash began to spread, with many gathering outside of the pub and offering their help to the rescue efforts. According to witnesses, no one panicked or rushed to escape the pub, as they instead formed human chains in an attempt to free those who were trapped inside. Speaking to CNN's Richard Quest, one witness reported that "no one pushed to escape, everyone just got into a line and started helping each other out. It was really quite amazing". Meanwhile, emergency service personnel worked tirelessly to free those who were trapped inside the pub, with rescue efforts being made all through the night. However, the rescue efforts have been hampered by the dangerous nature of the scene. The pub, which was reportedly packed with people at the time of the crash, is situated beneath several floors of residential accommodation. A wrong move in the delicate rescue operation could bring down the rest of the building, putting the lives of even more people at risk. An investigation into the cause of the crash is currently underway, with both the police and the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) working to establish what caused the helicopter to come down. Eyewitnesses have reported seeing the helicopter crash into the pub's roof before falling to the ground. Emergency services personnel have been praised for their efforts in what has been a difficult and dangerous rescue operation. Many of those who were trapped inside the building at the time of the accident are believed to have sustained serious injuries, with some suffering from burns and smoke inhalation. The tragedy has sent shockwaves through the city of Glasgow, with many expressing their condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the incident. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was one of the first to offer her sympathies, saying that "my thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident. The Scottish Government is offering all possible assistance to the emergency services who are working tirelessly to bring those affected by this incident to safety". As the investigation into the cause of the accident continues, questions will undoubtedly be asked about the safety of helicopters operating in crowded urban environments. For now, however, the focus remains on the rescue effort and on caring for those who have been affected by this tragic incident.