article: (CNN) -- President Barack Obama trumpeted his manufacturing and export agenda Friday, telling a crowd in Washington state that the American economy is poised for a strong, long-term recovery with the right kind of government assistance. "The last few decades haven't been easy for manufacturing," the president said during a tour of Boeing's assembly plant in Everett. But "in this country we don't give up even when times are tough." Americans "don't have to sit there and settle for a lesser future," he asserted. Obama's remarks were made on the third day of a West Coast swing mixed with policy announcements and political events. Among other things, he discussed the need to provide greater export financing to American manufacturing companies while expanding support for small business. He hit on the need to ensure fairer trading practices with China -- a political hot button in the current campaign. Several of Obama's Republican critics have attacked the administration for failing to do more to reduce America's trade imbalance with the growing Asian power. "I will go anywhere in the world to open up new markets for American products," Obama said. "If we have a level playing field, America will always win because we have the best workers." The speech -- built on the administration's "Blueprint for an America to Last" -- came three days after a litany of administration officials, including the president and Vice President Joe Biden, met with Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping in Washington. During the speech, the president highlighted his promise to double American exports over five years -- a goal he said is on track to be reached ahead of schedule. Obama pushed Congress in his speech to reauthorize the U.S. Export-Import Bank, the official credit agency tasked with helping to finance the foreign purchase of goods from American companies who are unable to accept the credit risk themselves. In 2011, the bank provided $41 billion in financing to over 3,600 U.S. companies. According to a White House news release, these "programs come at no cost to U.S. taxpayers, as the (bank) not only operates on a self-sustaining basis, but it has returned well over $3 billion to the U.S. Treasury since 2005." Obama also said he wants to help American firms get matching support to counter financing that other multinational companies are receiving from their governments. He encouraged Congress to reform the tax code to discourage overseas manufacturing while providing additional support to manufacturers that make cutting edge products or set up shop in economically depressed areas. Obama was scheduled to visit two campaign fundraisers following his visit to Boeing.
highlights: NEW: Obama pushes manufacturing, export agenda during visit to Boeing . NEW: Obama says Americans "will always win" if there is a level playing field with other countries . NEW: Obama pushes for a series of tax changes to promote domestic manufacturing . The speech comes days after the president's meeting with China's vice president .
id: d2e736d32d5449689b2b1f3f5a182c8a21083f89
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama made a recent stop in Seattle to speak at the Boeing facility, where he highlighted the importance of supporting American manufacturing and promoting exports. Obama stressed the importance of creating a level playing field for American workers to compete with overseas competitors. During his speech, Obama stated, "if we have a level playing field, Americans always win." He emphasized the need for fair trade policies that benefit American workers to maintain the country's competitive edge on the global stage. The former president applauded Boeing for its commitment to American manufacturing and job creation in the aviation industry. President Obama also pressed for changes to the tax code to incentivize domestic manufacturing. He called for policies that support emerging industries, such as clean energy and biotechnology. Obama believes these industries are key to America's future economic success. The speech came just days after Obama's meeting with China's Vice President. During the meeting, the two leaders engaged in discussions regarding Chinese investment in the United States and the two countries' economic relationship. Obama believes that promoting American manufacturing and exports is a way to strengthen the U.S. economy and lessen dependence on foreign investment. Boeing was an appropriate venue for Obama's speech given the company's international reputation as a leading aviation manufacturer. The company has been focusing on creating jobs and expanding its supply chain in the United States. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg underscored the company's commitment to U.S. manufacturing and job creation, noting that "Boeing is the largest U.S. exporter and supports more than one million jobs in the United States." Obama's speech highlighted a critical issue facing the U.S. economy, in which many American companies outsource jobs to overseas locations where labor is cheaper. Obama argued that U.S. companies could still compete globally, but they need an equitable playing field. Obama expressed confidence in America's ability to compete in the global economy and stressed the need for policies that promote job creation and economic growth in the United States. In summary, President Barack Obama spoke about the critical importance of supporting American manufacturing and promoting exports during his visit to Boeing. His emphasis on fair trade policies and tax incentives underscored his belief that the U.S. can stay competitive in the global market. The visit came just days after his meeting with China's Vice President, where they discussed the economic relationship between the two countries. Obama's message was clear - support American manufacturing and exports and witness the growth of the U.S. economy.