article: Former AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd has revealed that the criminal charges against him have done little to destroy his rock and roll spirit, as he declares that he wants his job back - and his reputation. Despite the 60-year-old currently being before the New Zealand courts on charges of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis, Rudd told ONE News that he planned to enjoy his time by 'fishing, flying and fornicating'. 'I'm going fishing, flying this afternoon and lots of fornicating tonight,' Rudd, who has denied the charges against him, said when asked about his plan for the day. Scroll down for video . Former AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd has said he wants both his reputation and his drumming job back . Rudd played on recording sessions for the Australian rockers' latest album, Rock Or Bust, but he hasn't been able to promote the album while he deals with the charges. But the musician says he wants to rejoin the band. 'I'm going back to work with AC/DC and I don't care who likes it or who doesn't,' he told One News. 'I want my job back and I want my reputation back.' In a summary of facts released to media earlier this month, the Crown says Rudd made a phone call to a man he knew, whose name is suppressed, on September 26, threatening to kill both him and his daughter. 'I'm going fishing, flying this afternoon and lots of fornicating tonight,' Rudd, who has denied the charges against him, said when asked about his plan for the day . The 60-year-old currently being before the New Zealand courts on charges of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis . This was consistent with another phone call made by Rudd earlier that morning, the summary of facts said. It says Rudd denied threatening to kill anybody and denied making any of the phone calls he was alleged to have made when he was interviewed by police. The drug charges were laid after police executed a search warrant at Rudd's home on November 6. Police say Rudd had 0.71g of methamphetamine and 130g of cannabis in his possession. Phil Rudd, seen here outside court on Thursday, allegedly threatened to kill a man and his daughter . The AC/DC drummer was pictured outside the High Court at Tauranga on his security guard's back (left) after appearing in court on November 26 (right) Rudd was also charged with attempting to procure a murder when he appeared in court in November, but it was dropped by the crown solicitor the following day. Rudd's lawyer indicated after the charge was dropped that it had done incalculable damage to his reputation and he was considering what remedies he might have. The threatening to kill case is due back in Tauranga District Court on February 10, when a date for a judge-alone trial is likely to be set. The Tauranga-based AC/DC drummer has denied the charges . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: The 60-year-old said he wanted his job and reputation back . He revealed he was going back to work with AC/DC, adding: 'I don't care who likes it or who doesn't' Rudd is charged with threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis . The Crown has given a brief outline of what led to the charges that the drummer denies . The threatening to kill case is due back in Tauranga District Court on February 10 .
id: 206ec2b517b67f0c552c3f52891761cc4aac7cbe
chatgpt: Australian musician Phil Rudd has announced his return to the rock band AC/DC, despite facing charges of threatening to kill and drug possession. The 60-year-old drummer, who denies the charges, made the announcement outside a court in New Zealand. "I'm going back to work with AC/DC, and I don't care who likes it or who doesn't," he declared. Rudd has made no secret of his desire to return to the band, which he was a member of for more than three decades. He was famously fired from the group in 2015, after being convicted of charges related to drugs possession and making threats to kill. Rudd served eight months of home detention as a result. The current charges against Rudd are believed to relate to an alleged incident in which he is said to have made threats against a former employee. The Crown has given a brief outline of the case against him, but the specifics of the allegations have not been made public. The threatening to kill charge is due back in Tauranga District Court on February 10. In his appearance outside the court, Rudd addressed the charges briefly, saying: "The only thing I'm guilty of is being a drummer in a rock and roll band." He added that he was "looking forward to getting back to work" with the band. The announcement has been met with mixed reactions from fans of the band. While some have expressed their support for Rudd, others have questioned whether he should be allowed back into the group while he is facing such serious charges. In a statement, AC/DC have said that they are aware of the charges against Rudd, but have declined to comment further. The band's current line-up includes Axl Rose, who joined them on tour in 2016. Rudd's return to the band has been seen as something of a surprise, given the acrimonious nature of his departure in 2015. The drummer had been with the group since the 1970s, and played on hits such as "Thunderstruck" and "Back in Black". The charges against Rudd are just the latest in a long line of controversies to have hit the band over the years. The group's original lead singer, Bon Scott, died in 1980 after an alcohol-related incident, while his replacement, Brian Johnson, was forced to leave the band due to hearing problems. Guitarist Malcolm Young also died in 2017 after a long battle with dementia. Despite these setbacks, AC/DC have continued to be one of the world's most popular rock bands. Their most recent album, "Power Up", was released in 2020 to positive reviews. The album features the single "Shot in the Dark", which reached number one on the US Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. Whether Rudd's return will lead to new music from the band remains to be seen. For now, fans will be eagerly anticipating his return to the stage with AC/DC, as he looks to rebuild his career and reputation after a turbulent few years.