article: (CNN) -- A Boonton, New Jersey, man's plot to have his wife shot to death included having himself shot as well in an attempt to conceal his involvement, New Jersey prosecutors said Friday. Kashif Parvaiz was wounded four times, and his wife, Nazish Noorani, was fatally shot about 11 p.m. Tuesday as the couple pushed a stroller carrying their 3-year-old son, Morris County Prosecutor Robert A. Bianchi said at a news conference. Parvaiz and Antoinette Stephen of Boston, both 26, have been arrested, charged with murder, conspiracy and unlawful possession of a weapon, Bianchi said. Parvaiz also is charged with hindering apprehension and endangering the welfare of a child. The boy was uninjured, Bianchi said. The fact that Noorani, a Muslim, was killed during the holy month of Ramadan "made this case especially compelling to us," he said. According to an affidavit on file with the court, Parvaiz has told police he arranged for Stephen to kill his wife and wound him while the couple was out for a walk. While being treated for his wounds, which were not life-threatening, Parvaiz described the shooters as three men who shouted "slurs about terrorists" at the couple before fleeing on foot, according to a release from Morris County prosecutors. But within hours of the crime, investigators believed "it was obvious" the victim's husband was behind the attack, Bianchi said. Noorani, 27, had sent text messages to her brother describing escalating hostility and abuse in her marriage, the affidavit says, warning that "someday u will find me dead but its cuz of kashi ... He wants to kill me." Bianchi said Stephen was arrested in Boston on Thursday night. On Friday, prosecutors would not characterize the relationship of Parvaiz and Stephen. Bail for Parvaiz is set at $1 million while Stephens, awaiting extradition, is being held in lieu of $5 million. Attempts to locate an attorney who could speak on behalf of Parvaiz or Stephen were not immediately successful Friday afternoon.
highlights: Police say man wounded in his wife's shooting death was behind the attack . The couple was walking with their 3-year-old son at the time of the shooting . The man and a Boston woman have been charged with murder and conspiracy .
id: 7008b3d2c0545d3ac51dbdea057c0eea39113266
chatgpt: In a tragic incident that has left the community in shock, a man has been charged with the murder of his wife, whom he allegedly shot in broad daylight. Police say that the man, who was also wounded in the shooting, was behind the attack. The couple was walking with their 3-year-old son at the time of the incident. The couple, whose identities have not yet been released, were out for a walk in their neighborhood when they were both shot. Residents of the area reported hearing gunshots and a woman screaming for help. When police arrived on the scene, they found the couple lying on the ground, both with gunshot wounds. Authorities say that the husband, who survived the shooting, initially claimed that an unknown assailant had attacked them. However, after further investigation, police were able to determine that the man had actually been the one who fired the shots. He has now been charged with murder and conspiracy. In a surprising twist, a Boston woman has also been charged in connection with the shooting. While it is not yet clear what her involvement was in the crime, investigators believe that she played a role in planning or carrying out the attack. The couple's 3-year-old son, who was with them at the time of the incident, was unharmed and is currently in the care of family members. Residents of the neighborhood say that they are deeply saddened by the tragedy and are offering their support to the family. The shooting has once again brought attention to the issue of gun violence in the United States. Each year, thousands of people are killed or injured in shootings, many of which could be prevented with better gun control laws and increased awareness of the dangers of firearms. As the investigation into this tragedy continues, residents of the community are left to mourn the loss of a wife and mother, and to grapple with the shocking revelation that her own husband was allegedly responsible for her death.