article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Interest in President-elect Barack Obama's inauguration is running so high that one ticket broker is asking $20,095 for a single ticket. The government has printed 250,000 tickets so far for Barack Obama's presidential inauguration on January 20. Entry to the biggest event in Washington is free if your congressman or senator grants your request, but with demand outpacing supply a traditional giveaway has turned into a thriving online marketplace. Legitimate ticket brokers -- the same companies that peddle tickets to rock concerts and NASCAR races -- are selling tickets to the swearing-in of Barack Obama for thousands of dollars, even for standing-room areas on the National Mall. Organizers of the inauguration say it violates the spirit of the event and could spell disappointment for people who buy tickets for the January 20 ceremony. "We think it's absolutely insane to be selling those tickets. We understand some people want to make a buck, but for those people thinking of buying tickets, it's buyer beware," warned Howard Gantman, staff director of the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies.  Watch why the tickets are going for top dollar » . The government has printed 250,000 tickets so far, holding them in a secure location. For information on how to get one, check out http://inaugural.senate.gov/. Ticket brokers act as middlemen, selling inaugural tickets they say they purchase from Capitol Hill employees and people who get them from members of Congress. Since the government releases tickets at the last minute -- less than a week before the inauguration -- ticket brokers cannot ensure they will receive enough tickets to cover their orders. Web sites promise a full refund if tickets are not secured to buyers, but that offer may be little consolation to people who invest in a trip to Washington to see the inauguration. Since tickets do not have attendees' names on them, Gantman said it's inevitable some will be sold. "Some will be distributed this way. It happens with baseball games and concerts. But we are going to take every step we can to make sure these tickets get into the hands of those who themselves intend to attend this event." Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the chairwoman of the inauguration committee, said Monday she she was prepared to ask Congress to make it a crime to scalp inauguration tickets. "We have heard reports that there are people trying to scalp Inaugural tickets for more than $40,000 each. This is unconscionable and must not be allowed," Feinstein said in a statement. "This inauguration will be the major civic event of our time, and these tickets are supposed to be free for the people. Nobody should have to pay for their tickets," she added. The inaugural committee is alerting lawmakers that it is a violation of Congress' code of ethics for members or staff to sell their tickets.
highlights: NEW: Sen. Feinstein threatens to make selling of inauguration tickets a crime . Online ticket sites are selling inauguration tickets for thousands of dollars . Ticket sellers can't guarantee that buyers will get tickets . Government has printed 250,000 tickets for January 20 event .
id: 974cf2bc69aefc6bfff1ccc732813eff92bd6b85
chatgpt: Senator Dianne Feinstein has announced her plans to introduce legislation that would make the selling of inauguration tickets a criminal offense. This move comes after several online ticket sites have been found to be selling tickets for the upcoming presidential inauguration for thousands of dollars, despite no guarantee that buyers will actually receive the tickets. The government has printed 250,000 tickets for the January 20 event in Washington D.C., yet the demand for the tickets has far exceeded the supply. This has led some people to turn to online ticket sites in an attempt to secure a ticket to the historic event, but with no guarantee of success. However, Senator Feinstein has taken issue with the practice of ticket scalping for such a significant event. In a statement, she said, "The presidential inauguration is a symbol of our democracy and should not be a commodity for sale to the highest bidder. We cannot allow scalpers to prey on the excitement and anticipation of those eager to participate in this historic event." Feinstein's proposal would make it illegal to sell or purchase tickets for the event above face value, and any violators could face penalties, including fines and potential imprisonment. The legislation would also mandate that tickets for the inauguration cannot be transferred or resold, apart from authorized exchanges through the inauguration committee. The senator's office noted that the legislation is similar to laws currently in place in New York and Massachusetts, which prohibit the resale of tickets for more than face value. However, such laws have proven difficult to enforce in the past, with violators often finding ways to skirt the regulations. Feinstein's proposal has garnered support from several members of Congress, as well as political analysts and pundits. Many have argued that the selling of inauguration tickets for exorbitant prices undermines the democratic process and sends the message that only those with deep pockets can participate in such events. In response to the senator's proposal, the Presidential Inaugural Committee released a statement reiterating that all tickets to the inauguration are free of charge and that the committee does not endorse or support any reselling of tickets. The committee also cautioned individuals against purchasing tickets from unofficial sources, warning that such tickets may not be valid and could lead to disappointment on the day of the event. Despite the government's efforts to print enough tickets for everyone who wants to attend, the inauguration remains an incredibly popular event. Millions of Americans are expected to tune in to watch the proceedings on television, and many more will attend watch parties and other events around the country. With the support of her colleagues, Senator Feinstein's proposal is expected to receive serious consideration in the coming weeks. If successful, the legislation could go a long way in ensuring that the presidential inauguration remains a symbol of democracy, rather than a commodity for sale to the highest bidder.