article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:06 EST, 2 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:33 EST, 3 December 2012 . A town mayor became so fed up with residents' bad manners he has introduced new rules forcing them to be polite. Mayor Gerard Plée brought in regulations requiring all visitors to speak politely to staff at the town hall in Lhéraule, situated a little north of Paris. And if anyone forgets their Ps and Qs or fails to say 'thank you' they will promptly be told to leave. Mind your Ps and Qs: Visitors to the Lheraule town hall can now be forced to leave if they are rude after the mayor brought in new rules demanding politeness . Mayor Plee said: 'Being polite is the basic gesture of respect towards others which is needed for people to live together in harmony. 'I believe that when people enter the town hall they should comply with certain common courtesies, such as wishing people good morning, saying goodbye when they leave, and please and thank you when they are being served. 'If I don’t introduce this rule I have no power to take action against these people because there is no law in France that forces people to say hello, and there’s no judge who will condemn someone for not saying it.' He added he felt compelled to introduce the rule after an incident at the town hall where a visitor was rude. A smile costs nothing: Mayor Gerard Plee said the rule is aimed at the 'eternally dissatisfied, the rancorous and grumpy people' The decree, which comes after a poll found 'lack of manners' was the number one cause of stress for 60 per cent of French population, is aimed at 'the eternally dissatisfied, the rancorous and any other grumpy people'. The mayor of the northern Oise town, which has just 185 residents, hopes the measure will improve the 'social standards in the municipality'. A notice has now been pinned up outside the door of the town hall warning visitors of the consequences of any rudeness. The only exceptions to the rule are on election day and during weddings. It read: 'Visitors to the Lhéraule municipal offices are required to comply with and observe the social norms of politeness and courtesy...especially by greeting municipal staff upon entering the premises. 'In the case of manifest failure to comply voluntarily with these norms the person concerned will be requested to leave the premises.'
highlights: Mayor Gerard Plée introduced the regulation requiring all visitors to the town hall in . Lhéraule, north of Paris, to be polite after a resident was rude . Rule is aimed at 'the eternally dissatisfied, the rancorous and any other grumpy people'
id: 7994fe81d10991c9545f7ab4b4c14925579c6bd3
chatgpt: In a move aimed at promoting civility and respectful interactions, Mayor Gerard Plée of Lhéraule, a small town located just north of Paris, has introduced a new regulation that requires all visitors to the town hall to be polite. The decision comes after a resident was reported to have behaved rudely towards town officials, prompting Plée to take action to ensure that everyone who enters the town hall is civilized and courteous. The new rule, which applies to all visitors, is specifically targeted at "the eternally dissatisfied, the rancorous and any other grumpy people" who often enter the town hall with a negative attitude and a lack of respect for others. The regulation has been well received by the majority of the town's residents who appreciate the mayor's efforts to promote a more positive and respectful environment. The regulation, which was announced recently, has sparked a lively debate on the topic of politeness and its role in modern society. Some people believe that the new rule is excessive, arguing that people should not be forced to be polite and that it is up to individuals to decide how they want to behave. Others, however, believe that the new regulation is a step in the right direction and that it is important to promote respect and civility in all aspects of life. They argue that being polite and respectful towards others is not only the right thing to do, but it also benefits everyone by promoting a harmonious society. Mayor Plée has defended his decision, stating that the new rule is not meant to be a restriction on freedom of speech, but rather a way to encourage people to engage in constructive dialogue and respectful communication. He has emphasized that the aim of the regulation is to promote positive interactions and to prevent unnecessary conflicts between visitors and town officials. The new rule has received widespread media attention, with many news outlets reporting on the innovative approach taken by Mayor Plée to promote civility and respect in the town hall. Some commentators have suggested that other municipalities may follow suit and introduce similar regulations in their own town halls. As for the residents of Lhéraule, many have expressed their support for the new regulation, with some even suggesting that it should be expanded to other public places such as stores, restaurants, and schools. Others, however, remain skeptical, arguing that it may be difficult to enforce and that it may infringe on individual freedom. Regardless of the controversy, it is clear that Mayor Plée's new rule has sparked an important conversation about the role of politeness in modern society and the importance of promoting respect and civility in all aspects of life. Whether or not it will be successful in changing attitudes towards politeness in Lhéraule remains to be seen, but it is a bold and innovative approach that has certainly captured the attention of the world.