article: After his tirade against a taxi driver, getting home from a night out must be a headache for David Mellor. So as midnight approached and looking worse for wear after dinner with friends in central London, the Tory grandee turned to his partner Lady Cobham for a lift instead. But the man once nicknamed the Minister of Fun did not look like he was enjoying his ride one bit as, ruddy-faced and with his tie askew, he sat slumped in the front seat of the snug red Peugeot 206. Lady Cobham and David Mellor pictured after she picked him up following his dinner with friends . Mr Mellor, pictured as he is being driven home, did not appear to be enjoying his ride . Mr Mellor was this week accused of calling a taxi driver a 'sweaty, stupid little git' when he became angry about the route taken by the driver . One can only hope he approved of the route Lady Cobham, who is the chairman of VisitEngland, took back to their £8million riverside home on Thursday night. Mr Mellor, 65, was this week accused of a disgraceful outburst against a taxi driver after he was caught on tape calling him a ‘sweaty, stupid little git’ when he became furious at the route taken by the driver. The former minister listed his achievements, yelling ‘I’ve been in the Cabinet, I’m an award-winning broadcaster, I’m a Queen’s Counsel’, before demanding: ‘Who are you to question me?’ Cabbies vowed to refuse to pick up Mr Mellor as a result. These photographs of him were taken 48 hours after news of his outburst broke. Yesterday an onlooker said: ‘He’d been having dinner for at least two hours in St James’s, then he came out and was on his mobile for a while. We wondered if he was calling for a cab, but I don’t think a cab would pick him up now. Then his missus arrived.’ An onlooker claimed Mr Mellor (pictured) was seen having dinner in St James's for at least two hours before Lady Cobham arrived to pick him up . Mr Mellor’s outburst was secretly recorded last Friday after a visit to Buckingham Palace, where Lady Cobham was presented with a CBE for services to tourism. Mr Mellor also accused the taxi driver of ruining his ‘wife’s’ day – referring to Lady Cobham. As these pictures show, she did not look particularly delighted to be behind the wheel as she drove him home either.
highlights: Photographs taken after outburst show Mr Mellor driven home by partner . He is accused of calling taxi driver a 'sweaty, stupid little git' in angry tirade . The outburst was secretly recorded after he visited Buckingham Palace . Cabbies have vowed to refuse to pick up Mr Mellor as a result .
id: 5a07b6d4c5bd4cb8cd0291062df2decd431e66a0
chatgpt: Former Conservative cabinet minister, David Mellor, has found himself in hot water following an angry tirade directed at a taxi driver. The incident reportedly occurred after Mr Mellor visited Buckingham Palace and was caught on a secret recording made by the driver. Photographs taken after the outburst show Mr Mellor being driven home by his partner, but the fallout from his outburst has been swift. Cab drivers in London have reportedly vowed to refuse to pick Mr Mellor up, citing his behaviour towards one of their own as unacceptable. Mr Mellor is said to have called the driver a "sweaty, stupid little git" during the heated exchange. The secret recording, held by the driver, has since been leaked to the press, sparking a flurry of negative headlines for the former MP. The incident has shone a spotlight on the behaviour of public figures and the ways in which they are held accountable for their actions. Many have criticised Mr Mellor for his outburst, suggesting that his behaviour was unbecoming of a public figure and an elected representative. While Mr Mellor has since apologised for his actions, it remains to be seen whether or not the incident will have long-term consequences for his career. In the short-term, however, it appears that his reputation is already taking a hit. London's cabbies have long been known for their vocal opinions and willingness to speak out against perceived injustices. This latest incident is likely to only add fuel to the fire of their grievances against those in positions of power. For Mr Mellor, the incident serves as a cautionary tale about the dangers of angry outbursts and the ways in which they can quickly spiral out of control. With the story making headlines across the country, he may struggle to shake off the negative press in the coming days and weeks. For the time being, the focus will remain on his behaviour and the ways in which he can make amends for his actions. It is likely that the story will continue to develop in the coming days, with further details emerging about the incident and its aftermath. As for London's cabbies, they have sent a clear message to Mr Mellor and others like him: disrespectful behaviour towards drivers will not be tolerated, and those who engage in it will face the consequences.