article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Senate Wednesday approved a bill to put new rules in place for intelligence agency eavesdropping on suspected terrorists. Communication technologies like mobile phones have made the 1978 FISA bill out of date, supporters say. The bill also effectively protects telephone companies from being sued for cooperating with a government surveillance program launched in the wake of the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. The White House pushed hard for the provision, with a threat to veto the bill if it did not contain protection for phone companies. The vote was 69-28, with Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois voting in favor. Republican candidate Sen. John McCain of Arizona was not present for the vote. President Bush said Wednesday afternoon he will sign the bill, calling it "vital" and "long overdue."  Watch Bush praise the new FISA bill » . The bill, formally known as the FISA Amendments Act, updates the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. It will: . Opponents argued that the provision creating a judicial review of cases against the telecommunication companies is a sham. The bill essentially grants immunity to the telecommunication companies, the opponents said, because all of the telephone carriers received government certifications saying their participation in the program was legal. Obama was criticized for backing away from his early opposition to the bill by liberal bloggers and individuals commenting on his campaign Web site. Before voting for the bill, Obama voted for an amendment offered by Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Connecticut, that would have stripped the language granting immunity to telecommunications companies. Civil liberties groups have vowed to fight the legislation in court. "This fight is not over. We intend to challenge this bill as soon as President Bush signs it into law," Jameel Jaffer, director of the ACLU National Security Project, said in a statement issued minutes after the Senate approved the bill. "The bill allows the warrantless and dragnet surveillance of Americans' international telephone and e-mail communications. It plainly violates the Fourth Amendment." President Bush acknowledged in 2005 that he ordered the secretive National Security Agency to intercept communications between U.S. residents and people overseas suspected of having ties to terrorism. The administration says the program was authorized when Congress approved military action against al Qaeda after the 2001 attacks. CNN's Pam Benson contributed to this report.
highlights: Bill updates Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 . Senate passes measure by a vote of 69-28; Bush says he will sign the bill . Bill updates eavesdropping rules to take into account technology changes . Civil liberties groups vows to fight bill in court .
id: cd6c2d621ce3c6920cbf090ce4e1581b194d6bc3
chatgpt: The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (FISA) has taken a big step forward in keeping up with changing technology as the Senate passed a new bill updating its eavesdropping rules. The bill was passed by a vote of 69-28 and President George W. Bush has already stated that he would sign it into law. The update comes in response to advances in technology that have rendered the original act in need of revision. The bill will allow intelligence agencies to continue their surveillance on foreign targets without a warrant, but also requires the government to obtain approval from an independent surveillance court to monitor the communications of any target who is in the United States.  While the bill has the backing of the President, it has been met with resistance from various civil liberties groups. They have promised to fight the bill in court, arguing that it infringes on individual privacy rights. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) released a statement asserting that the bill has “serious constitutional problems” and that it was passed without proper debate. Congress has been working on the measure for months, trying to balance the need for effective surveillance with concerns over privacy. The updated bill allows for increased oversight of national security surveillance programs, including reviews by the Inspector General and a bi-annual report to Congress. The bill also includes provisions requiring the government to obtain warrants before conducting searches of individuals’ electronic communication. Supporters of the bill argue that it will help the country stay safe by giving law enforcement agencies the tools they need to monitor potential threats. They believe that the updated FISA act is vital to national security and that it will protect American citizens. However, opponents of the bill point out that technology is always changing and that this updated version of the FISA act may become outdated in just a few years. They have also expressed concern that the updated law is too broad in allowing the government to conduct electronic surveillance on American citizens. Regardless of the opposing views, the Senate has passed the bill and it is now set to become law. This development marks a significant update to the 41-year-old FISA act and will have implications for national security and individual privacy for years to come. As the debate continues, it remains to be seen how the updated law will be implemented and whether or not it truly strikes the right balance between national security and privacy.