article: A daughter who reportedly abandoned her mother in deplorable living conditions has been arrested and charged with abuse. Melissa Self, of Louisville, Kentucky, was taken into custody after her 63-year-old mother was found covered in 'bedbugs, fleas, feces and urine.' The woman claims she had been left alone for days, and was discovered by a neighbor as she was crying out for help from inside her home. Scroll down for video . Arrested: Melissa Self (above) was taken into custody and charged with elder abuse after he mother was discovered alone in her filthy household . Unlivable: The home (above) had trash covering almost all of the floors . Unsanitary: What's more, authorities found dirty diapers and waste everywhere . Teams were forced to then enter the home in HazMat suits to remove the woman, and noted that the 'living areas were covered in trash, bugs, dirty diapers and feces.' 'It was just real deplorable conditions in which she was living,' Louisville Metro Police Department spokesman Dwight Mitchell told WAVE. Self, 42, has now been charged her with neglect of an adult. Self's daughter however, Ashley Wagner, is disputing these claims, and demanding that her mother be released from jail. Wagner says her mother was always present and that the home was not as 'filthy' as authorities are claiming, this even though photos from the scene seem to back up their claims. Trash is everywhere, there is no room to walk, and the conditions to not look at all livable for anyone, let alone an elderly person. Hard to get by: The 63-year-old woman, who has not been named, was covered in fleas, feces, bedbugs and urine . Unimaginable: She was found after calling for help and said she had been alone for days . Can't breathe: Authorities had to wear HazMat suits in order to remove the woman . None of that seems to make a difference to Wagner though, who continues to play the role of dutiful daughter. 'My mom is not responsible for what a grown woman does. Ya'll need to let her out. She didn't do anything,' pleaded Wagner. 'She's got a bond for $5,000. Look where we live at. We can't afford that.' Denying claims: Ashley Wagner (above) the victim's granddaughter, claims that they are the victims of her grandmother's mistreatment . What's more, Griffin claims she and her mother were the victims of mistreatment from her grandmother. The two woman will no longer have to worry about that however, as the elderly victim has been placed in a nursing home. Self, meanwhile, remains behind bars.
highlights: Melissa Self of Louisville, Kentucky, was arrested and charged with elder abuse after her 63-year-old mother was found abandoned . The elderly woman said she had been alone for days and was covered in 'bedbugs, fleas, feces and urine' She was discovered after crying for help, and authorities had to remove her from the home wearing HazMat suits because of the horrible conditions .
id: 1a3b6a90ab408672871816f86af27740b2ea31ca
chatgpt: Melissa Self, a resident of Louisville, Kentucky, was arrested on charges of elder abuse after her 63-year-old mother was found abandoned in appalling conditions. According to reports, the elderly woman had been left alone for days and was found covered in bedbugs, fleas, feces, and urine. The abuse came to light after a neighbor heard the woman's cries for help and called the authorities. When they arrived at the scene, they found the elderly woman in a state of extreme distress. The conditions of the home were so appalling that authorities had to take precautions before removing the woman from the premises. Wearing HazMat suits to protect themselves, firefighters and paramedics carefully removed the woman from the home and rushed her to the hospital. Doctors attending to the woman reported that she was severely dehydrated and malnourished, and had open sores on her skin caused by the bedbugs and fleas. Police officers who investigated the case immediately arrested Melissa Self for elder abuse. During questioning, she admitted to abandoning her mother without any means of survival. She also offered no explanation as to why she would leave her mother in such appallingly unsanitary conditions. Self appeared before a judge who ordered her to be held in custody at the Louisville Metro Jail on a $10,000 bond. She is currently facing charges of wanton endangerment and elder abuse. Kentucky state law defines elder abuse as "willfully neglecting an adult who is unable to protect themselves from abuse or neglect." The case has sent shockwaves through the community, and local residents have expressed deep concern for the well-being of the elderly woman. The authorities have launched an investigation into the case to determine whether there are any other instances of elder abuse in the area. Kentucky residents are being urged to report any incidents of elder abuse or neglect immediately to the authorities. The state offers a range of resources for those who suspect that an elderly person may be in danger, including a hotline for elder abuse and a program that provides support and assistance to victims of elder abuse. In conclusion, the case of Melissa Self and her elderly mother has shocked the community of Louisville, Kentucky. With the elderly population growing, it's essential that we all keep a watchful eye on our elderly neighbors and loved ones and report any signs of neglect or abuse. The wellbeing of our seniors should always be a top priority, and we must do all we can to ensure their safety and dignity.