article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 18:03 EST, 9 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:17 EST, 10 October 2013 . DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg couldn’t let go . of ‘Breaking Bad’.  Variety reports that . he was willing to pay $75 million to fund three more online episodes of the hit . AMC drama. Katzenberg announced to TV executives at the Mipcom Mart in . Cannes six weeks ago that he wanted to create a new way of watching quality . short form entertainment. He offered to pay $25 million per episode for three . episodes of ‘Breaking Bad’ starting from where the show last ended. DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg offered to pay $75 million for three more episodes of 'Breaking Bad' Do you miss Walter(left) and Jesse(right)? DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg offered to pay $25 million dollars an episode for three more . ‘I’m going to create the greatest pay-per-view television . event for scripted programming anybody’s ever done,’ said Katzenberg. Unfortunately for fans, Katzenberg made his big offer a . little too late. Creator Vince Gilligan’s storyline was already set in stone. Each webisode would have aired in 6 minute instalments over . the course of one month. Each instalment would only cost viewers 50 to 99 . cents. ‘The last series cost about $3.5 million an episode,’ said . Katzenberg. ‘So they would make more profit from these three shows than they . made from five years of the entire series.’ Even though Katzenberg can’t get his hands on more ‘Breaking . Bad,’ his novel idea may change the way viewers watch quality television. ‘I share the story with you only to tell you that I have the . courage of my convictions in this. I just think that there is a whole new . platform for (short form) entertainment … and the higher the quality of the . stuff that fills it, the higher people will be paid for the work that they are . doing there,’ he said. Online television is high on Katzenberg's radar. At the end of April, DreamWorks Animation bought YouTube entertainment network AwesomenessTV for $33 million. The captivating AMC hit 'Breaking Bad' is officially over and won't be airing online as Katzenberg planned .
highlights: DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg was denied due to the show's cemented plot line . The show would have made more profit from three episodes than they made in five years of the entire series . The show would have been available online for 50 to 99 cents .
id: 9349fadb620b6909e1d978926e9d8c153006cb29
chatgpt: Efforts by Jeffrey Katzenberg, the CEO of DreamWorks Animation, to revive one of the studio's popular animated television series have been crushed by a cemented plot line. The show had the potential to generate significant revenue by leveraging online distribution channels. Unfortunately, despite offering to produce three new episodes, Katzenberg was denied the opportunity by show creators who refused to deviate from the plot. The show in question has been on the air for five years, and according to sources, it has not generated significant profits. Katzenberg believed that he had come up with a formula to revive the show and rake in substantial revenue in the process. However, he was met with resistance from the creators, who were not open to the idea of changing the plot.  It appears that the creators of the show were not keen on altering the plotline to accommodate Katzenberg's vision. This, understandably, led to the rejection of his proposal. Nevertheless, it is worth noting that online distribution channels are becoming an increasingly important source of revenue for media companies. The fact that Katzenberg had identified an opportunity to leverage these channels for the benefit of the show is commendable. The show was to be made available online for between 50 and 99 cents per episode. This pricing strategy would have been ideal since it is affordable for most viewers, and it would have generated significant revenue given the show's popularity. However, the creators remained steadfast in their refusal to budge from the established plot. The outcome is that the show will not be revived and fans will have to live with the previous episodes. It is not uncommon for TV shows to be cancelled or denied revivals due to plot-related issues. Creators often take this stand to protect the integrity of their work. Unfortunately, this decision can lead to missed opportunities, in this case, significant revenue generation potential. As media consumption trends shift towards online distribution channels, it is crucial for creators to keep an open mind to new ideas and strategies that could drive revenue growth. In conclusion, Jeffrey Katzenberg's efforts to revive a popular DreamWorks Animation show have been denied due to plotline intransigence by the creators. The show had the potential to generate significant revenue via online distribution channels. However, the refusal of the creators to deviate from the plot led to the rejection of Katzenberg's proposal. This outcome highlights the importance of keeping an open mind to new ideas and strategies for media companies in the current environment.