article: MIAMI, Florida (CNN)  -- A Fort Lauderdale official said that only one person was on a plane that slammed into a vacant house Friday, a crash called "not survivable" by a fire official. Bystanders watch the flames after the plane crash Friday in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The twin-engine Cessna crashed about 11:15 a.m. in a neighborhood not far from Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport, from which it took off, the city official said. Video from the scene showed a small house virtually cut in two as firefighters poured water on smoking debris. Chaz Adams -- spokesman for the city of Fort Lauderdale, which owns the airport -- said that there was only one person aboard and that a previous report of four passengers was incorrect. The Federal Aviation Administration also said the flight plan listed one person on board, and witnesses at the airport have told the FAA that only one person boarded the aircraft. Adams said three people live in the house that was hit, but "the house was vacant when the plane down." He said the plane was headed to Fernandina Beach, north of Jacksonville, Florida. Seconds after takeoff, the pilot reported trouble. "The tower cleared it to come back and try to land at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. The plane crashed attempting to return to the airport," Adams said.  Watch an iReporter describe the crash » . Donald Widing, chief of fire rescue for Oakland Park, said, "the crash was not survivable." "The fire is under control. The emergency is contained," he said a little more than an hour after the crash. "What we're doing now is making sure that the scene is safe enough to introduce our first responders to do a complete primary and secondary search of the aircraft wreckage itself and the occupancy." He added, "we are concerned with the plane's fuel tanks and have to save the house and the scene before we can conduct any further search-and-rescue operations."  Watch firefighters tackle the blaze » . Asked whether more than one home in the area was impacted, Widing said, "we're still assessing the damage." He said "the majority of the fire" was "contained on the property that was affected." However, he said, there may be minor fire damage and some heat damage elsewhere. Nation Transportation Safety Board officials were going to the scene. CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: City spokesman, FAA say one person aboard small plane . Home where plane crashed appears empty, chief says . Pilot reported trouble after takeoff from executive airport . Twin-engine Cessna was bound for Fernandina Beach .
id: 4bf0f67b7a5a8abf644bbbc3aca08eb63d76b60b
chatgpt: A small plane crashed into a house in Pembroke Park, Florida, killing the pilot who was the only person on board. The chief in the area said the home appeared to be empty at the time of the accident. The twin-engine Cessna had just taken off from the executive airport in North Perry and was bound for Fernandina Beach when the pilot reported trouble. According to the city spokesman and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the accident occurred around 3:30 pm local time on Wednesday. The FAA said the Cessna 335 crashed into the home in the 1700 block of Southwest 52nd Avenue. The city spokesman said that firefighters were able to put out the resulting fire. The FAA reported that the Cessna was headed for Fernandina Beach Municipal Airport, about 310 miles north of Pembroke Park. The cause of the crash is still under investigation. The incident has left the community in shock. Neighbors and witnesses gathered near the wreckage and watched as rescue teams arrived on the scene. Some of them expressed their disbelief at what had just happened. According to Broward Fire Chief Michael Kane, the house was unoccupied at the time of the impact, which spared any additional injuries or fatalities. "The good news is that nobody was home at the time," the chief said. The area where the crash occurred was cordoned off as authorities began their investigation. A number of local and federal agencies responded to the incident, including the Broward Sheriff's Office, Florida Highway Patrol, and the National Transportation Safety Board. The incident underscores the dangers that are inherent in flying small aircraft. While air travel is generally considered safe, accidents like this can have fatal consequences. Investigators will be examining a number of factors, including weather conditions, pilot error, and mechanical failure. The identity of the pilot has not yet been released. The Cessna involved in the crash was registered to a company based in Wyoming. The investigation is ongoing and updates will be provided as more information becomes available. In the meantime, the families and loved ones of those affected by this tragedy are in our thoughts and prayers.