article: Brendan Rodgers and Steven Gerrard blasted Liverpool for being 'too soft' as their Champions League hopes were plunged into jeopardy. Liverpool were beaten 1-0 by Basle, conceding a poor goal to Marco Streller, and the feeble manner of their performance in St Jakob Park enraged their manager and captain. To add to a miserable night, there was an open show of petulance from Mario Balotelli, who ignored Rodgers’ request to applaud the visiting supporters and stormed straight down the tunnel. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Brendan Rodgers: Mario  is working hard to get scoring . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard admitted his side were second best in Basle . It was the manner in which they surrendered control of Group B, though, that caused Rodgers and Gerrard most alarm and they slammed the way in which Liverpool, who now face back-to-back games against reigning champions Real Madrid, folded. Gerrard said: 'They wanted it more which is most disappointing. We came for the win and I expected a win so very disappointing. We didn't deserve anything. We were too soft all over the pitch. ‘It hurts to say they wanted it more. We were second best against an ok team. We didn’t show what we did against Everton. We went back to how we have been this season, which wasn’t good enough.’ Basle striker Marco Streller scores the winner against Liverpool on Wednesday night . Basle coach Paulo Sousa celebrates beating Liverpool with goalscorer Marco Streller . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers let rip at his players after disappointing defeat . Rodgers agreed, saying: ‘It was far too soft – and not for the first time either. We lost contact again (for the goal) and it was a very disappointing one to concede after all the work we’ve done on the training ground. ‘We never not going in the first 25 minutes and gave it away too easy. We grew into it and I thought we created some chances. We were close on couple of occasions but we conceded a soft goal and then it’s difficult. Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli endured a frustrating night in Basle on Wednesday . Balotelli had the ball in the net but his effort was rightly ruled out for offside . Balotelli was also booked for an off-the-ball 'slap' on Basle's Taulant Xhaka . ‘Away from home, against a team with a great record, we had a chance to at least get a point. I don’t think we’re anywhere near where we were technically last year. It’s very important we get back to playing as a team because that’s what we have done over the last 18 months.’ This is the second time Balotelli has ignored Rodgers order to clap the travelling fans but the Northern Irishman attempted to defuse the situation. ‘Mario worked hard, he knows his job is to create and to get into the area,’ said Rodgers. ‘We are working hard on it. I’m not sure if he went back out to say thanks to the fans as I came straight in.’
highlights: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard admitted his side were second best in Basle on Wednesday night . Swiss champions beat Brendan Rodgers' side 1-0 at St Jakop-Park courtesy of Marco Streller's close-range strike . Liverpool's next opponents in the competition are Real Madrid, who top the game after two wins .
id: de431b396e297c5fc580b6ab791b2af5c9f6a97b
chatgpt: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has spoken out about his team's defeat against Swiss champions FC Basel on Wednesday night. Admitting that his side were "second best", Gerrard acknowledged that Basel played a better game and deserved the 1-0 win at St Jakob-Park. The game was decided in the 52nd minute, when Marco Streller scored a close-range strike to give Basel the lead. Despite Liverpool's best efforts, they were unable to find the back of the net, and the Swiss side held on for a famous victory. Speaking after the match, Gerrard said, "It's a tough one to swallow. We were second best tonight. We didn't create enough, we didn't defend well enough, and we got punished for it." Liverpool's defeat leaves them with just three points from their opening two matches in Group B of the Champions League. Their next opponents in the competition are none other than Real Madrid, who currently top the group after two wins. The match against Real Madrid represents a huge challenge for Liverpool, who will need to raise their game significantly if they are to get a result against one of the best teams in Europe. Gerrard acknowledged the difficulty of the task ahead, saying, "It doesn't get any easier. We've got the best team in the world next. We're going to have to be at our very best to get anything from that game." Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers agreed with Gerrard's assessment of the Basel match, saying, "We weren't good enough. We didn't play with enough intensity or creativity. We needed to be better in every area of the field." Despite their poor performance against Basel, Rodgers expressed confidence that his team can bounce back and compete against Real Madrid. "We're a good team. We've got some talented players. We just need to regroup and get back to playing the kind of football that we know we're capable of." Liverpool will have their work cut out for them, however, as Real Madrid have been in sensational form this season. The Spanish giants have won their past six matches in all competitions, scoring 22 goals and conceding just three. Real Madrid's star-studded squad includes the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, and James Rodriguez, and their attacking prowess will be a major test for Liverpool's defense. However, Gerrard and his teammates are determined to give their all in the match. "We know what we're up against, but we're not going to back down. This is why we play football - to compete against the best teams in the world. We'll give it everything we've got and see where it takes us." Liverpool will face Real Madrid in their next Champions League match on October 22. The match will take place at Anfield, giving the Reds a slight advantage as they look to get their campaign back on track.