article: Sen. Ted Cruz apologized Tuesday to Republican senators for disrupting their schedules last weekend when he unexpectedly forced the chamber to be in session after Senate leaders had agreed to send everyone home. "It was a sincere effort to apologize to those he may have put out," said Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nevada, about the apology, which was delivered behind closed doors at the weekly Republican policy lunch in the Capitol. The controversial move by Cruz -- what amounted to a procedural sneak attack -- caught his leaders and colleagues off guard.  Many were angry because they had already left town for family and holiday events and had to come back for a lengthy Saturday session. "I think it's always appropriate to apologize for unnecessarily causing other people a distress or concern or requiring a change of plan that was completely unexpected," Sen. Dan Coats, R-Indiana, said. The schedule change also helped Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid move about two dozen nominations, some controversial, who otherwise might not have been confirmed before the end of the session. Cruz did not apologize for assisting the Democrats push through these nominees, senators said. "I am pleased the Sen. Cruz apologized," said Sen Susan Collins, R-Maine.  "I believe it was warranted and I give him credit for doing so. I hope that he will learn from this experience." Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-New Hampshire, had flown home to take her daughter to The Nutcracker before getting word she would need to return. "I appreciate his apology but they're getting a number of nominations," they otherwise wouldn't have, Ayotte said, still sounding frustrated. "All he has to do is keep us informed about what his tactics are and what he's going to try to achieve and to what lengths he'll go," Heller said.  "I don't blame him for what he did. He had a position he wanted to take. I respect that. Just let us know." A spokeswoman for Cruz did not respond to requests for comment.
highlights: Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz apologized to colleagues on Tuesday for making them come back to work over the weekend . Cruz's surprise tactics frustrated many Senate Republicans .
id: af35dd6fab5d5129eaafa559cfcdcccdb1e5f32b
chatgpt: Texas Senator Ted Cruz apologized to his colleagues in the Senate on Tuesday for frustrating their weekend plans by making them come back to work. The Republican Senator’s surprise tactics weigh heavily on the minds of many Republican Senators, who saw this move as disrespectful and selfish. Senator Ted Cruz was responsible for blocking consideration of the $1.4 trillion omnibus spending package in the Senate. He single-handedly forced the Senate to work through the weekend and even return to Washington on Christmas Day. Cruz delayed the Senate's vote on the bill and insisted on an amendment to restrict stimulus checks to American citizens. The incident caused particularly loud uproar on social media, with many attacking Cruz for his actions. The incident also caused disruption to the schedule of the lawmakers, who had hoped to spend time with their families and loved ones over the holidays. In his apology, Cruz admitted that his actions were disrespectful to his colleagues but claimed that he intended to "fight for the families" who have been hurt by the coronavirus pandemic. He said he wanted to "give a voice" to the millions of Texans he says are hurting right now because of the pandemic. Despite his apology, Senator Cruz's actions have been condemned by many. Some have accused him of grandstanding and seeking attention while placing his own political ambitions above the needs of his constituents. Furthermore, the Senator's actions have eroded his support amongst Republican Senators, many of whom now see him as a disruptive force in the party. The incident may have also reduced his chances of winning the presidential nomination in 2024. In conclusion, Senator Ted Cruz's actions over the weekend have left many of his Republican colleagues frustrated and disappointed. His tactics may have backfired, but only time will tell how much impact it will have on his political future.