article: By . Ted Thornhill . Shoppers at Tesco can now pop in for bread, milk – and an HIV test that takes just one minute to perform. The check-up will be offered from Monday at Tesco Extra in central Slough, with the results ready in just 20 minutes. The scheme is being run by campaign group Thames Valley Positive Support (TVPS), with the aim of ‘normalising’ sexual health tests. Testing times: A charity is running HIV checks at Slough's Tesco Extra (pictured) The free test, which takes place in a private room, is carried out using a mouth swab that is rubbed once along the upper and lower gums. While customers wait for the results, they will be able to talk over any sexual health concerns they have with the practitioner that administers the test. TVPS chief executive Sarah Macadam told Metro: ‘Testing in supermarkets has only ever been offered as a one-off event and not a regular basis. ‘We are extremely pleased that Tesco are so committed to their community’s well-being which is enabling us to bring such an innovation in testing to Slough.’ Concern: There are currently over 100,000 people living with HIV in the UK, according to Public Health England . The charity said that Slough has been targeted because it’s been identified as an HIV ‘hotspot’, with the third-highest rate of infection in the south-east outside London. There are currently over 100,000 people living with HIV in the UK, according to Public Health England. Campaigners are concerned that of these, a fifth do not know that they are carrying the infection. The Terrence Higgins Trust said: ‘People who have HIV but don’t yet know it are far more likely to pass the virus on unwittingly.’ In 2012, 490 people in the UK with HIV died.
highlights: Shoppers at Tesco Extra in Slough will be offered a one-minute test . The scheme is being organised by charity Thames Valley Positive Support . The test is carried out using a mouth swab on the upper and lower gums .
id: ae476c677cdf0a8f54d28363985f6d061f7259c7
chatgpt: Starting today, shoppers at the Tesco Extra store in Slough will be offered a rapid one-minute HIV test in a pioneering new scheme organized by the charity Thames Valley Positive Support. The test will be conducted using a mouth swab on the upper and lower gums and can provide results within just one minute. According to the charity, the aim of the initiative is to raise awareness of HIV and encourage people to take a test in a non-clinical setting. The charity also hopes the scheme will help eliminate the stigma associated with the virus, and ultimately result in more people being diagnosed early. The test will be confidential and open to anyone aged 16 years or older. It is considered to be highly accurate, with a detection rate of 99.7%. However, anyone who tests positive will be referred to a specialist NHS clinic for full confirmation and further advice. “We are delighted to be teaming up with Tesco to offer this innovative testing service," said Patrick Cash, the founder of Thames Valley Positive Support. "By providing a test in such an easily accessible place we hope people will be encouraged to take up the offer and ultimately help eliminate the stigma that still surrounds HIV.” The scheme is the latest in a series of innovative HIV testing initiatives aimed at increasing accessibility and reducing stigma. One example is the “Do It London” campaign launched in 2015, which uses social media and dating apps to encourage more people to take a test. HIV is a viral infection that attacks the immune system and can lead to the development of AIDS. Despite advances in treatment, HIV remains a significant health challenge globally, with around 36.9 million people living with the virus at the end of 2017, according to the World Health Organization. Thames Valley Positive Support is a charity that has been offering support to people living with HIV for over 30 years. The organization provides a range of services, including counseling, advocacy and peer support. The HIV testing scheme at the Slough Tesco Extra store will run until the end of June.