article: Davos, Switzerland (CNN) -- A top European Union official says there's no need for Britain to make threats to leave the union in order to reform its membership. "In my mind it is only to the mutual benefit of Britain and Europe that Britain stays as a member of the European Union," EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn told CNN's Richard Quest. British Prime Minister David Cameron sparked the debate in a speech Wednesday in which he promised the British people a vote on European Union membership if he wins the next general election in 2015. "But as I was listening to the speech of Prime Minister Cameron yesterday concerning his policy agenda there are in fact many issues I can agree with and the commission is already working for those including how to increase the competency of European industry, how to complete the single market, how to pursue free trade agreements," Rehn said. "That's all fine ... we work for common interest and growth of Europe. But you don't have to make threats of leaving the union to have a debate on those." Cameron told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he has no regrets over the referendum promise, despite unhappiness among some European partners. "It's really important that we've set out a plan for how we get change in Europe that will benefit all of Europe, making it more open, more competitive, more flexible, and how we secure Britain's place within that," he said. The European Union is already changing to meet the needs of the 17 members who are part of the euro single currency, Cameron said. Britain is not in that group. On the eurozone debt crisis, Rehn said the risk of the breakup of the euro "has all but disappeared thanks to the actions taken by the member states and not least by the European Central Bank. "However, of course, in the real economy we have a very difficult situation in many countries -- high unemployment, low growth -- and we have to use the better sentiment in the markets and restoration of confidence to bolster growth and job creation," Rehn said. "That's the focus of 2013."
highlights: EU Commissioner Olli Rehn says UK need not "threaten" to leave European Union . Rehn: "It is only to the mutual benefit of Britain and Europe that Britain stays as a member" UK Prime Minister David Cameron has pledged to hold a referendum on membership . Rehn said threat of the breakup of the euro "has all but disappeared"
id: 219aa00f2a6e2006e0ee6bdf68957fc4b46ac231
chatgpt: EU Commissioner Olli Rehn has urged the United Kingdom not to use the threat of leaving the European Union as a bargaining tool. Speaking to reporters on Monday, Rehn emphasised that the UK should stay as a member for the mutual benefit of both Britain and Europe. His comments come after UK Prime Minister David Cameron's pledge to hold a referendum on membership, which has sparked debate and concern among EU leaders. Rehn stated that it was unnecessary for the UK to threaten to leave the EU, as membership is important for the country's economy and political influence. "It is only to the mutual benefit of Britain and Europe that Britain stays as a member. Being a member of the EU contributes to the UK's economic growth and creates jobs," Rehn said. "It also boosts the UK's political influence, allowing it to have a say in EU decisions that directly affect it." However, Rehn did acknowledge the UK's reservations about certain aspects of EU membership, such as concerns over sovereignty and immigration. He encouraged constructive dialogue between the UK and EU leaders, emphasising the importance of finding common ground and addressing mutual concerns. In addition, Rehn noted that the threat of the breakup of the euro has all but disappeared. The eurozone has experienced significant economic recovery in recent years, after being plagued by financial crisis and high unemployment. "The euro has weathered the storm and proven to be a resilient and stable currency," Rehn said. "This stability provides confidence to investors and strengthens the European economy as a whole." Rehn's comments reflect the EU's desire to maintain a strong and united alliance, and to avoid the potential risks and uncertainties that could arise from the UK's departure from the EU. As Brexit negotiations continue, EU leaders will undoubtedly be watching closely and working to protect the interests of their member states. In conclusion, Rehn urged the UK to stay as a member of the EU and abandon any threats of leaving the union. He emphasised the importance of constructive dialogue and finding common ground, and reassured EU leaders that the euro has stabilised and is well-positioned for future growth.