article: Scalpers are cashing in on the prodigious demand for the new iPhone 6 by selling their pre-ordered handsets for exponential prices. Pre orders for the new devices opened in Australia last Friday, causing the Apple page to crash under the pressure. Since then, there has been a spate of ads on sites like eBay, offering pre ordered iPhone's at exorbitant prices. The iPhone six (left) and the iPhone six plus (right) were made available for pre order last Friday in Australia . The iPhone six plus, offered on an eBay ad for $2,999-over $1,600 more than the pre order price . One eBay seller advertised a 64GB iPhone 6 Plus for $2,999. The same  model is advertised at Apple's official online store for $1129. There is little in place to police online scalping, as Apple can only control the prices inside retailers. Tom Godfrey, the head of media at consumer affairs group Choice, warned people to reconsider about paying top dollar for the newest Apple models. 'My understanding is that Apple has done a synchronised release, so our advice is it's better to wait,' Mr Godfrey told Sydney Morning Herald . 'Apart from the fact that you're going to pay a high price, we also know that first-generation phones often come with a lot of bugs. So paying a premium for a buggy phone is not a great idea.' The iPhone six and iWatch: Tom Godfrey, the head of media at consumer affairs group Choice, warned people to reconsider about paying top dollar for the newest Apple models . The new handsets are priced between $869 for the smaller basic model to the top-of-the-range model at $1249 . Mr Godfrey advised consumers to consider some competitive products before they decide to get the newest Apple product. 'The Samsung Galaxy S5 or HTC One M8 are both great competitors to Apple and will come with a lot less bugs and a much smaller price tag,' Mr Godfrey said. The newest iPhones come in the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus – available in three different finishes and three different storage capacities (16GB, 64GB and 128GB). The new handsets are priced between $869 for the basic model to the top-of-the-range larger model at $1249.
highlights: Pre orders for newest iPhone opened last Friday . Pre ordered iPhone sixes being sold online for a lofty profit . There is no policing of online scalping . Tom Godfrey, the head of media at consumer affairs group Choice, warns against buying the first release models . iPhone sixes priced between $869 and $1249 .
id: e876a44dc0732f16398260126eb8b26a7784d18c
chatgpt: Pre-orders for Apple's latest iPhone models, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, opened last Friday, and eager fans were quick to place their orders for the new devices. However, some buyers have been taken advantage of by online scalpers who are selling pre-orders at inflated prices. According to reports, pre-ordered iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices have been popping up on online marketplaces such as eBay and Craigslist at prices that are significantly higher than the recommended retail price. Many of these devices are being sold with a "buy-now" option, which means that buyers are able to make a purchase without having to participate in an auction. Tom Godfrey, the head of media at consumer affairs group Choice, warns consumers against purchasing first release models at a higher price tag. He says, "It's really important that consumers resist the temptation to buy these first release models. There's no guarantee that they'll work as advertised, and you could end up with a dud product." Godfrey also cautions shoppers about purchasing pre-order devices from online scalpers. "There's no policing of online scalping, and buyers have no way to tell whether a pre-order device is legitimate or not," he says. "It's always better to wait until the product is released in stores before making a purchase." The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available for pre-order online and in retail stores from major phone carriers and Apple stores. The devices come in various storage capacities, colors, and prices. The  iPhone 6s is priced between $869 and $1,099 depending on the storage capacity, while the iPhone 6s Plus is priced between $999 and $1,249. Apple has said that it expects the new devices to be in high demand, and has anticipated shortages of some models. In response, the company has urged customers to pre-order their devices early, in order to avoid disappointment. Despite the warnings from experts, many consumers are still eagerly waiting to purchase the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and are willing to pay a premium to get their hands on the new devices. For those who can afford it, getting the latest technology as soon as possible is worth the extra cost. However, for others, it may be better to wait until the products hit the shelves in stores and the initial hype dies down before making a purchase.