article: (CNN) -- Years after his death, baseball legend Honus Wagner hit a home run for a group of nuns, who will use proceeds from the sale of his extremely rare baseball card to do charitable work. Texas-based Heritage Auctions conducted the internet auction, which concluded Thursday night with a winning bid from Doug Walton, whose family owns seven stores in the Southeast specializing in sports cards and collectibles. "I have been in the market for this card for a long time," Walton told CNN. "It is the Mona Lisa of baseball cards." Walton paid $262,900, Heritage said, with $220,000 of that going to the School Sisters of Notre Dame. The card's price beat initial estimates by $162,900. Both the card and the account of how it came to be sold make for compelling stories. Like other stars of the early 20th century, Wagner, a Hall of Famer with the Pittsburgh Pirates, appeared on tobacco company cards. The T206 cards were made between 1909 and 1911. Wagner's likeness was removed, either because he opposed being associated by young fans with tobacco or because he wasn't being paid enough by the company, said Chris Ivy, director of sports sales for Heritage Auctions. Only 50 to 60 T206 Wagner cards are believed to exist. One in near-mint condition sold for $2.8 million in 2007. The Catholic order, which has a facility in Baltimore, Maryland, obtained the card when the brother of one its nuns died earlier this year, leaving several baseball cards to the congregation. Neither of the siblings has been identified. Never mind that the card's sides had been trimmed to fit in a scrapbook, that it was laminated and lost some paper on the back, leaving it in poor condition. It's an authentic T206 Honus Wagner card. "The fact that this was in her brother's collection since the 1930s and no one knew it" makes its history special, Ivy told CNN. The Catholic missionary and teaching order said Wagner's name "is blessed to us now." "We're very grateful to have the extra funds to help the School Sisters of Notre Dame where we minister in more than 30 countries," said Sister Virginia Muller, treasurer of the order's Atlantic-Midwest area, in a statement. Walton, managing partner of Walton Sports Cards and Collectibles, said he's tried three previous times to buy a Wagner card, but was outbid. He plans to have the card make the rounds of the company's stores in Tennessee, Florida and South Carolina. He concedes he paid about $60,000 more than the card is worth, but "the back story made me spend the extra money on it." About 75 percent of his pursuit of the T206 card was emotion, he said. "I'm a very stubborn person."
highlights: Rare Honus Wagner baseball card sold at auction . Catholic nuns will receive $220,000 to do charitable work . Buyer has been in the market for card for a long time .
id: 0e34784d387c12ccb2ff9f8d71c339c261fa0cb1
chatgpt: In a recent auction, a rare Honus Wagner baseball card was purchased by an enthusiastic buyer for a whopping $220,000. The buyer, who has been in the market for this specific card for a long time, finally got his hands on the prized possession. What makes this baseball card so special, you may ask? Honus Wagner was a legendary shortstop who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in the early 1900s. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest baseball players of all time. But what sets his trading card apart is its rarity. There are believed to be only around 60 Honus Wagner cards in existence, making it one of the most sought-after collectibles in the world of sports memorabilia. But the story doesn't stop there. The buyer's purchase has a charitable twist. The proceeds of the sale will be donated to Catholic nuns, who will use the money to continue their charitable work. It's heartening to see that even in the world of high-end auctions, there are people who keep compassion in their hearts. The Catholic nuns who will receive the $220,000 have not been identified. However, we know that they will continue to serve their communities in various ways, from providing meals to the homeless to helping underprivileged children get an education. It's a noble cause, and the buyer's decision to donate the proceeds of the sale to this cause is a commendable one. The Honus Wagner baseball card has had a storied history. It was first produced in 1909 by the American Tobacco Company, but Wagner himself did not want to be associated with a product that children could potentially buy. As a result, he demanded that the production of his card be stopped, and it's believed that only a few dozen were ever made. The rarity of the Honus Wagner card has made it attract buyers from all over the world, from professional athletes to business tycoons. The buyer of this particular card seems to have been in the market for it for a long time, and has finally completed his collection with this purchase. It's not often that a collector is able to find a piece that has been eluding them for years, but in this case, it seems that persistence paid off. In conclusion, the sale of the Honus Wagner baseball card for $220,000 not only marks the end of a long search for the buyer but also underlines the kindness of people by donating the proceeds to charity. It's a remarkable story that shows that even in the world of expensive auctions, there are those who care about the greater good. We can only hope that such examples will inspire others around the world to do the same.