article: By . John Hall . Germany is to modernise its army by introducing flexible working hours that allow soldiers to take time off during school holidays and offering on-barracks daycare services for their children. Defence Minister Ursula Von der Leyen said army bases will be fitted out with flat-screen TVs and minibars as part of of a €100million drive to make the armed forces more attractive to new recruits . The measures have been roundly attacked by army commanders, who described them as policies for 'sissies and wimps', with Ms Von der Leyen - Germany's first female defence minister - criticised for being out of touch with the real needs of the army. New era: Soldiers in the German army (pictured) will now be treated to extended leave during the school holidays and widescreen televisions in barracks as part of plans to 'modernise' the armed forces . General Harald Kujat, a retired former chief of staff of Germany’s armed forces, told Focus magazine that Ms Von der Leyen had no idea of the military, adding that her proposals were the ideas of a 'good housewife taking care of her children'. In a separate interview he said the German army's outdated equipment was of far greater concern than the childcare and entertainment needs of soldiers, the Telegraph reported. Germany's defence spending remains far behind that of other countries in Europe. The country spends only 1.3 per cent of its GDP on its military, despite having signed a Nato agreement saying each member state's defence spending must be at least 2 per cent. This has led to concern that Germany would struggle to defend itself if it came under attack - not least after US president Barack Obama urged . European Nato members to increase their military budgets in order to . defend against potential Russian aggression in Ukraine or the Baltic. Anger: Germany's first female defence minister Ursula Von der Leyen (pictured) has been criticised for being out of touch with the real needs of the army. One commander said her policies were for 'sissies and wimps' Ms Von der Leyen's €100million recruitment drive has therefore caused anger among those who have long demanded more money be made available to modernise weapons and defence systems. Another concern is that the international image of the German army is at all time low, with its depleted workforce already seen as overly soft - particularly on recent peacekeeping missions in Afghanistan. Ms Von der Leyen has defended her recruitment project however, saying the army had to modernise its childcare policies in order to compete with top businesses and attract the best staff. Despite concerns over the strength of the German army, the country remains the world's third biggest arms exporter - behind only the U.S. and Russia. Foreign sales of weaponry bring almost €1billion into the German economy every year.
highlights: Defence minister said soldiers will not have to work during school holidays . Ursula Von der Leyen also wants daycare centres to be set up at barracks . The plans have been condemned by a number of top army commanders . One, speaking anonymously, called them policies for 'sissies and wimps'
id: 32053c1946170b9a4b41705fdc03d9959824c22d
chatgpt: Defence Minister Ursula Von der Leyen announced that soldiers in Germany will not have to work during school holidays. The Minister also proposed the set-up of daycare centres within barracks to support military families. But, her ideas have not been well received by some top army commanders, who have criticized the plan as being "policies for sissies and wimps." In her statement on Wednesday, Von der Leyen outlined her vision for family and child-friendly policies in the military. She argued that soldiers should have the opportunity to be with their families, especially during the school holidays, so that they can spend quality time together. This move will support the well-being of military families and help them to balance their work and family commitments. Germany has a long tradition of conscription, where all able-bodied men were required to complete at least six months of military service. However, since 2011, the country has moved towards a fully professional military, which has posed new challenges for families. Soldiers are expected to work long hours and weekends, which can disrupt family life. The proposed daycare centres within barracks would provide much-needed support for military families. The facilities would allow parents to leave their children in a safe and secure environment while they carry out their duties. It would also provide a sense of community and support for families who are living on base. However, her proposals have not been welcomed by all military leaders. Speaking anonymously, a senior army commander criticized the plans as being "policies for sissies and wimps". He argued that the military is not a family-friendly environment and that soldiers should not expect special treatment. He claimed that the proposed daycare centres would just "encourage soldiers to be weak and dependent on others." Despite the criticism, Defence Minister Von der Leyen remains undeterred. She believes that promoting family-friendly policies within the military is not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength. She argues that the military needs to adapt to modern society and the challenges faced by military families. The proposed changes have been welcomed by military family organisations. They argue that military families face unique challenges and need to be supported to maintain their well-being. Claudia Hagmann, spokesperson for the German Federation of Military Family Associations, said, "We are pleased to see the government recognize the importance of supporting military families. The proposed changes will help to make life easier for families and support them in their service to the country." In conclusion, Defence Minister Ursula Von der Leyen's proposals to allow soldiers to have time with their families during school holidays and to set up daycare centres within barracks have been criticized by some army commanders. However, she believes that the proposals are necessary to support the well-being of military families in modern times. The plans have been welcomed by military family organisations, who argue that support is vital for military families. The proposals are likely to spark heated debate within the military, as it adapts to modern society's changing expectations.