article: (CNN) -- Starting next year, Cubans traveling abroad will face fewer hurdles leaving the country. The official news site Granma reported Tuesday that the Cuban government will no longer require a travel permit and a letter of invitation. Until now, Cubans had to pay $150 for an exit visa. A resident in the country that the Cuban wanted to visit would also have to write a letter of invitation. Read more: Raft with Cuban refugees sinks near Cancun . Fees associated with the letter ran as high as $200. That's a steep price in a country where the average official monthly income is about $20. Even with the two documents, a traveler could run up against a wall if the government denied an exit visa -- as it has done with many dissidents. Medical professionals are only allowed to leave Cuba to work for the government abroad. But once the new requirements go into effect on January 14, travelers will only have to present a valid passport and an entry visa for the country where they are headed. The move is part of the reforms that President Raul Castro promised when he took office in 2008. Read more: Cuban Missile Crisis ground zero, 50 years on . At the time, he pledged to do away with unnecessary restrictions. And that year, he lifted prohibitions on Cubans staying in hotels and buying mobile phones. The new change, however, does not mean that anyone wanting to travel will get a passport. "The ordinary passport will be issued to the Cuban citizens who meet the requirements of the Migration Law," which is being modified, according to the report in Granma. While the report does not say how the law will be altered, it does add that the government will fight brain -- and money -- drain "from the aggressive and subversive plans of the US government and its allies." It will do so by leaving in place measures to preserve "human capital created by the Revolution from the theft of talents practiced by the powerful nations." Read more: Should U.S. raise a fist or offer a hand to Cuba? CNNE's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report.
highlights: The Cuban government is ditching two travel requirements . Getting rid of these documents will save travelers money . A traveler will need a passport, but not everyone can have one . President Raul Castro has pledged to do away with unnecessary restrictions .
id: 81bd4a9ba9c6d558447e4c6a88feb6856d2ced65
chatgpt: The Cuban government has announced that it will no longer require travelers to obtain two documents that were previously necessary for entry into the country. This move is expected to save travelers who are planning to visit the island nation significant amounts of money. The two documents that are being eliminated are the "tarjeta del turista" (tourist card) and the "permiso de salida" (exit permit). Previously, all visitors to Cuba were required to obtain a tourist card, which cost around $20 and was valid for 30 days. In addition, Cuban citizens who were living abroad were required to obtain an exit permit from the government in order to leave the country. According to President Raul Castro, the decision to eliminate these requirements is part of a broader effort to do away with unnecessary restrictions and bureaucracy. Castro has been pushing for economic reforms in the country since taking over from his brother Fidel in 2008, and this latest move is seen as a significant step in that direction. The elimination of the tourist card and exit permit means that travelers to Cuba will now only need a valid passport in order to gain entry to the country. However, not everyone will be able to obtain a passport - Cuban citizens, for example, are only eligible for passports if they meet certain requirements and are granted permission to leave the country by the government. Despite this limitation, many observers believe that the elimination of the tourist card and exit permit will make travel to Cuba more accessible and affordable for many people. The move is expected to be particularly beneficial for US citizens, who are now allowed to travel to Cuba for certain purposes under loosened travel restrictions that were put in place by the Obama administration. The elimination of the tourist card and exit permit is also likely to have a positive impact on the Cuban tourism industry, which is an important source of revenue for the country. With these requirements now gone, it is expected that more people will be encouraged to visit Cuba and spend money there. Overall, the decision by the Cuban government to eliminate the tourist card and exit permit is being hailed as a positive development for both travelers and the country's economy. While challenges remain in terms of access to passports for Cuban citizens, this move is seen as a step in the right direction towards a more open and accessible Cuba.