article: Paul Lambert insists Frank Lampard has made Manchester City stronger and believes he is Chelsea's loss. The Aston Villa boss reckons Lampard's arrival has only served to help City, ahead of their visit to Villa Park on Saturday. Lampard is on loan at the Etihad from New York City after leaving Stamford Bridge in the summer and has netted four goals in five games. Frank Lampard joined Manchester City on loan from new club New York City FC . Paul Lambert (left) believes Lampard (right) has made City stronger since joining . The midfielder scored the equaliser against former club Chelsea in the clash at the Etihad . The 36-year-old scored twice at Villa Park in May 2013 to break Bobby Tambling's all-time scoring record for Chelsea. And Lambert is not surprised at Lampard's form this season, insisting he is still on top of his game. He said: 'He looks really top-drawer. I don't know him, but from the outside looking in everything about him is old-school. 'It doesn't matter how much he was getting to what he's getting now - I think you'll get him playing the same way. That's a big testament to him. He was always going to play the way he is playing. Maybe it's Chelsea's loss a little bit. 'Him coming in has made (City) stronger, no doubt about it.' Lampard won 11 major honours during his time at Chelsea, including the Europa League in 2013 (right) Defending Barclays Premier League champions City also added Bacary Sagna, Fernando and £32million defender Eliaquim Mangala to their squad in the summer. 'I think they're stronger,' said Lambert. 'The lads who have come in have certainly enhanced their strength. They are a powerful, powerful side.' Villa stunned Manuel Pellegrini's side when they won 3-2 at home last season as they fought back from 1-0 and 2-1 down before Andreas Weimann's winner. And Lambert believes his sixth-placed side can shock City again - but would prefer an easier game. He added: 'You wouldn't want to come back twice. They are a top side, no doubt about it. 'They and Chelsea are the strongest sides physically in the league. But on any given day you can win a game.'
highlights: Paul Lambert believes Frank Lampard's move to the Etihad has made City stronger . Lampard was released by Chelsea after 13 years at Stamford Bridge . He went on loan to City from new club New York City FC . Aston Villa host Manchester City in Saturday's Premier League tie .
id: 47ce21d7197178cc69cbde21beae3cc38936e2e8
chatgpt: Former Aston Villa midfielder and current manager, Paul Lambert, has been speaking about Manchester City's recent acquisition of Frank Lampard. Lampard, who was released by Chelsea after 13 years at Stamford Bridge, has joined City on loan from his new club, New York City FC. Lambert believes that Lampard's arrival at the Etihad Stadium has made City an even stronger team. The Aston Villa manager will have a firsthand look at Lampard's impact when his side host Manchester City in Saturday's Premier League clash. The Villans will be looking to end their run of seven straight defeats but will face a tough challenge against the reigning Premier League champions. Despite being 36 years old, Lampard has shown no signs of slowing down on the pitch. He has already scored four goals for City, including a crucial equalizer in their recent 1-1 draw against title rivals Chelsea. Lambert was quick to point out just how much of a threat Lampard can be, saying, "He's a top player, there's no doubt about that. He's always been a goalscorer and he's got great experience." Lampard has been a fan favorite throughout his career and will be looking to prove that he still has what it takes to compete at the highest level. He will also be hoping to secure a place in the England squad ahead of next year's European Championship. Lambert believes that Lampard still has a lot to offer, saying, "He's still got the hunger to play, he's still got the edge to his game, and he's still got that quality." Despite the tough task ahead of them, Lambert is confident that his Aston Villa side can cause an upset. "We're at home, so we've got to take the game to City and make it difficult for them," he said. "Of course, we know they've got some top players, but we've got a good squad here and we'll be looking to get a positive result." Saturday's match promises to be an exciting showdown between two Premier League giants. With Lampard leading the line for City and Aston Villa fighting for survival, the stage is set for a thrilling encounter at Villa Park.