article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 14:55 EST, 22 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:18 EST, 23 August 2013 . A police force will allow people with just four weeks training to interview criminal suspects alone in a bid to cut costs. Sussex Police has revealed plans to recruit 32 Response Investigators on a starting salary of £20,020 a year to help free up police officers to be out on the street. A job description says they will be expected to manage their own caseload which will involve investigating crimes, gathering evidence, appearing in court and dealing with victims. Controversial: Sussex Police will employ people with four weeks of training to investigate crimes to cut costs . But despite the onerous nature of the role, applicants do not need to have any policing qualifications or experience whatsoever. The advert states: 'Having experience of criminal justice . procedures and investigations is helpful but not essential. We're . looking for the right person with the right attitude for this role, we . can teach you the rest through our bespoke 4 week training programme . upon joining.' Questions: Keith Vaz MP suggested some tasks should only be performed by experienced police officers . Sussex Police said Response Investigation Teams (RITs) will be 'removed from front line policing' but allow officers to get back out onto the streets more quickly. But critics say the new recruits, who will employed on a fixed 18-month contract, will amount to 'plastic police' who should not be carrying out the work of more experienced officers. Keith Vaz, chair of the Home Affairs Select Committee, told The Times that certain tasks should never be done by non-police officers. 'I think that interviewing suspects is along those lines,' he told the newspaper. 'A decent lawyer will make mincemeat out of an interview done by someone without the background and knowledge of a police officer.' Paul Sellings, chair of Sussex Police Federation, echoed his concerns and described the RITs as 'policing on the cheap'. 'Sussex Police has got cash for 18 months but when you employ police officers you employ them for 30-odd years. The force cannot afford to do this. It is policing on the cheap but it has got to be – because they only have the budget for 18 months,' he told The Argus. But Katy Bourne, Sussex Police & Crime Commissioner, insisted the recruitment is justified. 'This will allow for more officers to be out in the community; one of the things that local people have told me matters most to them,' she said. Assistant Chief Constable Robin Merrett added: 'We are able to recruit and train these staff quicker than would be the case with officers and they will provide resilience within the RITs - but they are not a replacement for officers.'
highlights: Sussex Police to recruit 32 Response Investigators on fixed contracts . Will investigate crimes, interview suspects alone and deal with victims . But job ad says experience of criminal justice procedures is 'not essential' Critics say recruitment amounts to 'policing on the cheap'
id: f804dfc3f4b6b42c19b6af2b2aa93e42bbd1ceff
chatgpt: Sussex Police is set to recruit 32 Response Investigators on fixed contracts, according to a recent job advertisement. The role involves investigating crimes, interviewing suspects alone, and dealing with victims. However, the ad states that experience of criminal justice procedures is "not essential", which has prompted criticism from some quarters. The new recruits will be responsible for carrying out initial inquiries into crimes, with a view to identifying potential suspects and gathering evidence. They will also be expected to take statements from victims and witnesses, as well as making arrests if necessary. Critics have argued that the recruitment drive represents "policing on the cheap". They claim that the use of fixed-term contracts for Response Investigators undermines the professionalism and expertise of experienced detectives who would normally be assigned to such roles. In response, a spokesperson for Sussex Police defended the recruitment strategy, stating that Response Investigators are an "integral part" of the force's operations. They emphasized that all recruits will undergo rigorous training and supervision, and that the job ad simply reflects the fact that experience of criminal justice procedures is not a mandatory requirement. Despite these assurances, some members of the public remain skeptical. One local resident remarked that the recruitment of individuals without prior experience of criminal justice "does not inspire confidence". They added that the use of fixed-term contracts adds to concerns that the police force is being "underfunded and overstretched" in the face of rising crime levels. Others have been more supportive of the move, arguing that it represents an opportunity for individuals from diverse backgrounds to enter the police force. They point out that previous experience is not always necessary in order to excel in policing, and that on-the-job training can be just as valuable as theoretical knowledge. Whatever the case may be, it seems likely that the recruitment of Response Investigators will continue to be a contentious issue for some time to come. Critics and supporters alike will be watching closely to see how well these new recruits perform in their roles over the coming months and years.