article: Roberto Martinez admits his team does have a defensive problem – but insists he is not concerned by the performances of Tim Howard despite the American’s poor showing in Everton’s back-to-back defeats. For the second time in 48 hours the American was off form, sharing responsibility for two of Crystal Palace’s three goals on Sunday and then making weak attempts to keep out strikes from Nathan Dyer and Marvin Emnes in their 3-0 defeat at Swansea on Tuesday. Martinez was forced to defend his usually reliable goalkeeper at the weekend and did so again after their Capital One Cup loss at the Liberty Stadium. Tim Howard is beaten by a shot from Nathan Dyer during Everton's Capital One Cup match on Tuesday . Howard in action in the Europa League at Goodison Park, pictured making a save against Wolfsburg . Everton lost 2-3 to Crystal Palace on Sunday, with Mile Jedinak (second right) scoring the visitors' first . But it cannot be lost on Martinez that Howard, 35, has now conceded 17 goals this season – 13 in the Barclays Premier League, which is the most in the division – and his defence in general has been a major weak point so far this season. Asked about Howard’s confidence, Martinez said: ‘I am not concerned. If it was a young goalkeeper or someone who has not got the experience maybe you can think about how he could get affected by these experiences. ‘But Tim is in the best moment of his career. The experience he has, he knows how to control every single performance that he has. ‘Those moments happen and we need to address them. But that’s not just with the keeper, we need to address them as a team.’ In reference to Everton’s defence, Martinez added: ‘It is something we need to address.’ Howard (left) and Phil Jagielka (right) look dejected after Palace score their third goal . Howard dives in vain as Ricardo Rodriguez scores a late consolation for Wolfsburg on September 18th .
highlights: Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard has been in poor form this season . The Toffees have already conceded 17 goals and are 14th in the league . Roberto Martinez has admitted that Everton have a defensive problem . He went on to say that Howard's form does not concern him .
id: 20510c9b12f0c78baa57b4b662b9ecb4c8c7e5ae
chatgpt: Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard is facing criticism for his poor form this season. The Toffees have already let in 17 goals and are languishing in 14th place in the English Premier League. The situation has led to manager Roberto Martinez admitting that there is a defensive problem at the club. Despite Howard being singled out for his underwhelming performances, Martinez has defended his under-fire goalkeeper. The Toffees boss insisted that he is not overly concerned about the American's form and that he retains confidence in him. Martinez told reporters: "I don't judge players on one-off situations. Tim has been incredibly consistent over the years and his standards are high. He has shown that he is a top goalkeeper and there is no doubt about that." "He is going through a difficult spell at the moment, but I have every faith in him to come out of it. I am not concerned about his form, I am more concerned about the defensive issues we have as a team." Martinez has been left scratching his head over Everton's leaky defence, with the club conceding 17 goals in their opening 10 games of the season. The Spaniard has highlighted the need to improve the defensive unit if they are to climb up the table. "We have a defensive issue at the moment and we need to address it quickly. We have conceded too many goals and we need to be tighter at the back. We have been working on it in training and I am confident that we will improve." Despite Martinez's faith in Howard, some Everton fans have called for the goalkeeper to be dropped. The 36-year-old has come under fire for a string of errors and poor performances, with some suggesting that it is time for him to be replaced. The Toffees face a tough test on Saturday when they take on Aston Villa at Goodison Park. Martinez and Howard will both be hoping for a much-improved defensive showing as they look to kick-start their season.