article: (CNN) -- There are only two multiple winners on the PGA Tour this season -- one of them is in top form ahead of the U.S. Open, and the other is Tiger Woods. Matt Kuchar moved up to second place in the FedEx Cup standings with victory at Jack Nicklaus' Memorial Tournament on Sunday, having finished runner-up last weekend at the Crowne Plaza Invitational. It is the first time the American has won more than once in one season, having also claimed the World Golf Championships Match Play title in February. His four-under-par 68 in the final round was crowned by a 21-foot birdie at the last hole which left him two shots clear of fast-finishing Kevin Chappell, who is still waiting for his breakthrough win. The biggest names in the field -- world No. 1 Woods and second-ranked Rory McIlroy -- were respectively nine and 13 shots off the pace after both carded par 72. For defending champion Woods, Sunday's effort was a relative relief after Saturday's nightmare 79 -- his equal second-worst score as a professional -- but he triple-bogeyed the par-three 12th hole that he had doubled in the third round. He also had a triple on Saturday. The American has won this event five times, but is struggling to regain the form that has already brought him four victories this season ahead of the second scheduled major at Merion in Pennsylvania starting June 13. "You want everything clicking on all cylinders, especially at the U.S. Open, because everything is tested in the U.S. Open," he said. Woods is still four short of Nicklaus' record 18 major titles, and has not won one since the 2008 U.S. Open. He was eight over the card at Muirfield Village. "It wasn't that bad today," Woods said. "It was just one hole that cost me obviously a few shots. It happens, it happens to us all." McIlroy is also struggling for form ahead of the tournament that provided his first major win in 2011. "I hit the ball much better today. I actually putted a little better, too. A little bit of work next week -- yeah, it's not that far away," the Northern Irishman said after finishing in a tie for 57th. "It's just a little bit of an adjustment and something I can work on and something it was good to figure out this week, so I can work on it next week." Kuchar, who has yet to win a major, was delighted after taking home the $1.16 million first prize in front of his wife and two children. "It's such an amazing feeling, this stuff never gets old," the 34-year-old Ryder Cup player said after his sixth PGA Tour victory. "To win this and have Jack Nicklaus congratulate me is a real treat."
highlights: Matt Kuchar wins Memorial Tournament by two shots from compatriot Kevin Chappell . Defending champion Tiger Woods ties for 65th after carding a level-par round of 72 . Five-time winner Woods suffers a triple-bogey for the second successive day . World No. 2 Rory McIlroy finishes tied for 57th after also finishing with a 72 .
id: 276de59b864a842e637511ce30bf0bb6d26b725c
chatgpt: American golfer Matt Kuchar secured the Memorial Tournament title after a dominant performance saw him finish two shots ahead of compatriot Kevin Chappell. Kuchar's final round of 66 was enough to give him his second win of the season and his second Memorial title, having previously won here in 2013. The victory was a well-deserved one for Kuchar, who played consistently throughout the tournament, finishing in the top 10 for greens in regulation and putting. He also showed great composure down the stretch, making birdies at the 15th and 17th holes to hold off a charge from Chappell, who finished with a final round 68. Defending champion Tiger Woods had a difficult week, finishing tied for 65th after carding a level-par round of 72 on the final day. The 15-time major champion had a mixed bag of results throughout the tournament, recording just two sub-par rounds and finishing with a triple-bogey on the final day. It was a disappointing showing from Woods, who had come into the tournament in good form having won the Masters in April. He struggled with his iron play throughout the week and also faced questions about his fitness, having been seen limping during the tournament. "I just didn't have it this week," Woods said after his round on Sunday. "I didn't hit the ball well and I made too many mistakes. It's frustrating because I know I'm capable of better." Five-time Memorial winner Woods will now turn his attention to the U.S. Open, which takes place next week at Pebble Beach. Meanwhile, world No. 2 Rory McIlroy also had a disappointing tournament, finishing tied for 57th after a final round of 72. The Northern Irishman was never really in contention, struggling with his driver throughout the week and failing to make much of an impact on the leaderboard. It was a surprising showing from McIlroy, who had come into the tournament as one of the favorites after his victory at the Players Championship in March. "I just didn't have my best stuff this week," McIlroy said after his round on Sunday. "It's frustrating because I know I'm capable of playing better, but golf can be a fickle game at times." Despite their struggles, Woods and McIlroy will both be expected to bounce back in the coming weeks, as they prepare for the U.S. Open and the rest of the summer's major championships. For Kuchar, however, this victory will serve as a huge confidence boost as he aims to continue his strong form throughout the remainder of the season.