article: Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew is adamant that teams competing in the Europa League should play subsequent Premier League games on a Monday night, but his calls have fallen on deaf ears. The Magpies qualified for Europe two years ago but struggled to juggle the domestic rigours as well - and Pardew reckons Tottenham and Everton are at a similar disadvantage this season. He argues the disparity in results could be eradicated by allowing for an extra rest day, but Sportsmail has learned that isn’t feasible and goes against Premier League regulations. Alan Pardew is adamant that teams competing in the Europa League should play subsequent Premier League games on a Monday night - but his idea has fallen on deaf ears and goes against league regulations . Ross Barkley and Christian Eriksen do battle as Tottenham against Everton at White Hart Lane on Sunday . Mauricio Pochettino’s Spurs and the Toffees, who faced each other at White Hart Lane on Sunday have found life difficult in the Premier League this season – the latter only in the top half by virtue of a better goal difference than Liverpool. ‘I don’t think it is fair on any Europa League team to play on Thursday night and Sunday, I really don’t,’ Pardew said. ‘With the travel and everything, that really needs to be looked at by the Premier League. I don’t see why they can’t play on a Monday, the TV would like it.' Having any additional games on a Monday night would mean further diluting the weekend’s action, as well as providing supporters with extra travel headaches after matches, while broadcasters would not directly benefit from any move.
highlights: Alan Pardew wants an extra day's rest for Europa League teams . Tottenham and Everton have struggled this season . Newcastle manager's plans would go against Premier League regulations .
id: 924b02c15e73ba78ae7917c2b28a3af9407e5496
chatgpt: Newcastle United manager, Alan Pardew, has called for an extra day's rest for teams participating in the Europa League. Tottenham and Everton, both participating in the competition this year, have struggled in their Premier League campaigns thus far. Pardew's suggestion, however, puts him at odds with Premier League regulations. Currently, teams that play in European competition are granted two days of rest either side of their match, giving them a total of four days to recuperate. Pardew has urged the Premier League to consider an extra day's rest for these teams in order to give them adequate time to prepare for their domestic fixtures. Tottenham and Everton's participation in the Europa League this season has seemingly taken a toll on their Premier League form. Tottenham currently sits in 9th place in the league, while Everton is just two places above in 7th. Both teams have struggled with injuries and fatigue, which have contributed to their lackluster performances. Pardew's suggestion could be aimed at giving his own team, Newcastle, an advantage in their Premier League fixtures. Newcastle is currently in 5th place, just two points behind high-flying Liverpool. With the Magpies on a good run of form, Pardew may be looking to continue that momentum by ensuring his team gets adequate rest between fixtures. However, implementing Pardew's suggestion would require a change in Premier League rules. The league currently grants European teams the standard four days of rest, and any change to this policy would require the approval of the other teams in the league. While Pardew's proposal may not be popular with all Premier League teams, it is clear that something needs to be done to ensure that teams participating in European competition are not disadvantaged in the domestic league. With the Europa League in full swing, the Premier League will need to act quickly if they wish to make any changes to their fixture schedule.