article: By . Lucy Buckland . Last updated at 4:23 PM on 19th December 2011 . In demand: BlackBerry handsets are very popular with teenagers but now the company behind the brand is being asked to explain why people are able to download illegal content . BlackBerry has been ordered to a summit meeting with Ofcom to explain why children are still able to download pornography on its phones. Young people are able to download pornography through the popular handset even if their phone operator has installed a filter because data flows through the BlackBerry’s own server. Research In Motion, the company behind the BlackBerry, will be joined by other leading phone networks at the meeting called by the telecommunications regulator. An Ofcom spokesman told The Telegraph: ‘It was brought to our attention that there is a problem. It is to do with the way the operating system works. We are very concerned and want to get this resolved as quickly as possible.’ Mobile phone networks have been able to apply filters to other handsets, such as the iPhone, but because of data flows through the BlackBerry’s own services leading operators have been unable to block pornography on the popular phone. The phone is hugely popular with teenagers, mainly because of its BlackBerry messenger service, many of its of its eight million users are believed to be under 18. Tory MP Claire Perry, for Devizes,has said she is so alarmed at children having access to pornography she has vowed to raise the issue in parliament. Filter: Research In Motion has denied it asked mobile operators to pay for a pornographic block on handsets . It is the second blow to the company's reputation as this summer BlackBerry executives were hauled before MPs to explain how their service came to be so popular with rioters trying to dodge police. Barring certain sites is standard procedure in the phone industry, which prides itself on its success with this form of self-regulation. But mobile phone networks previously told Financial Mail that RIM demanded they pay to have bars installed on their customers’ BlackBerrys, something that is not standard practice. Only T-Mobile is believed to have had a bar in place for BlackBerry users. RIM, though, said this was not so, that it had never demanded money for installing the blocking software and referred questions on the issue back to the networks.
highlights: BlackBerry hauled before Ofcom to explain why young people are able to download pornography . Filter only used by T-Mobile as operators allege BlackBerry demanded payment for pornography blockers .
id: f063ecf22e68673457c650a2e7c295c1cfd31cee
chatgpt: The telecoms regulator Ofcom has hauled in BlackBerry to explain why young people are able to download pornography on the platform without any barriers. Operators have also alleged that BlackBerry demanded payment in order to implement pornography blockers.  The issue has been brought to the forefront as a result of a unique filtering arrangement between BlackBerry and T-Mobile. T-Mobile is the only operator that has implemented safeguards to prevent minors from accessing adult content on Blackberry devices.  Industry insiders have claimed that BlackBerry demanded that the operators pay for the filters in order to offer them to their customers. Operators have argued that BlackBerry’s policy has made it harder to prevent under-age access to pornography on the platform. As a result, Ofcom has launched an investigation into the matter, demanding that BlackBerry provide an explanation for its actions. The regulator has raised concerns that the lack of safeguards could be putting young people at risk. Ofcom has previously placed strict requirements on mobile operators to provide pornography filters for their users. The regulator's advice to mobile operators is that they ought to offer such filters as standard, meaning that users would have to opt in to access adult content.  Ofcom's investigation followed a complaint from a member of the public, who expressed concerns that BlackBerry was not doing enough to protect young people. The complainant said that the lack of filters made it easy for children to access pornographic content on the platform. A spokesperson for BlackBerry has stated that the company takes the protection of children online very seriously. They also added that they are committed to working with operators to implement all necessary safeguards to protect younger users from inappropriate content.  The spokesperson further stated that BlackBerry is currently in discussions with other operators to put in place appropriate filtering arrangements. They also added that the company welcomes the opportunity to work with Ofcom to address any issues related to pornography access on its platform.  This comes amid growing concerns over how tech companies are handling online child safety. Social networking platforms such as Facebook and Snapchat have come under fire for failing to prevent minors from accessing explicit content.  With the rise of smartphones, such concerns are only expected to increase in the coming years. The responsibility falls on regulators, mobile operators and tech companies to work together to create a safe and secure online environment for all users, particularly children.