article: Wayne Rooney has admitted he watched Manchester United's latest superstar signing Radamel Falcao in action on YouTube before his deadline day move to Old Trafford. The Manchester United captain is a keen admirer of the Colombian forward and said he used the global video-sharing website to see a collection of the 28-year-old's career goals. He told the Sunday Mirror: 'Yes, I've YouTubed his goals of course. But I have seen him play throughout the years for Atletico Madrid. It is exciting for us at United and also for the Premier League that he has signed. You can like our Manchester United Facebook page here . Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney celebrates scoring against Swansea in the opening game . Radamel Falcao speaks to the press during a Manchester United press conference . 'Falcao is a world-class player and one who could have gone to a number of other clubs so it's great we've got him. 'I just hope he hasn't picked up any little injuries while he has been away with Colombia. It's a great signing but it's also a great ­statement of intent from the club.' Rooney conceded that while last season was unacceptable he remains hopeful the glory days will now return to Old Trafford sooner rather than later. New Manchester United skipper Wayne Rooney is all smiles alongside assistant boss Ryan Giggs in training . Louis van Gaal and Radamel Falcao pose for photos at a Manchester United press conference . He added: 'Obviously last season, we all know we were not good enough. But the time is now right to get these top players to get us back to where we belong – winning titles again.' The Red Devils take on newly-promoted QPR at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon as they look for their first league win of the season, which could see Falcao, as well as Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo and Luke  Shaw handed their United debuts by Louis van Gaal.
highlights: The Manchester United captain says he watched Radamel Falcao's goals on YouTube ahead of his deadline day move to Manchester United . Wayne Rooney is delighted that Falcao has joined the United revolution . The 28-year-old accepts last season was unacceptable but believes the future is now bright at Old Trafford under Louis van Gaal .
id: 82edf5383d73714c190caf988b0fe2ef9eabadab
chatgpt: Manchester United's captain, Wayne Rooney, has expressed his delight at Radamel Falcao's arrival at Old Trafford. Rooney watched the Colombian striker's goals on YouTube as he prepared for his deadline day move to Manchester United. The 28-year-old forward had a difficult season in the previous campaign, where he struggled to make an impact for Manchester United loaned to Chelsea. However, Rooney is confident that Falcao and the rest of the United squad will bounce back this season and is excited about the future under manager, Louis van Gaal. Rooney spoke about last season's poor performance, stating "We know as a squad we underperformed and it wasn't acceptable. But that was last season, and we've got to move on. We've got new players, a new manager, and a new direction. We're all excited about what the future holds." Falcao's arrival is a significant boost to the Manchester United squad. The striker has a proven track record of scoring goals at the highest level and will provide stiff competition to Rooney and Robin van Persie for a place in the starting line-up. With Van Gaal's tactical masterclass, Manchester United looks set to impose a new style of play this season. Rooney believes that Falcao's signing is a signal of intent and confirms that Manchester United is looking to challenge for the title once again. Rooney added, "We're all delighted that Falcao has joined us. It's important that we have competition for places in the squad. It's great for United and great for the Premier League that we have players of such high quality playing in this league." Manchester United's fans will be hoping that Falcao hits the ground running and helps the club return to the top of English football. The club has undergone significant changes over the last few years, and Rooney's belief that the future is now bright at Old Trafford will provide a lot of hope for the club's faithful supporters.