article: Atlanta (CNN) -- Twice-convicted killer Warren Lee Hill was granted final-hour stays of execution on Tuesday, his attorney said. The stays came from the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Georgia Court of Appeals. "I think we were within about a half hour of the execution," said Brian Kammer, an attorney for Hill, whose supporters say is mentally disabled. The Georgia Court of Appeals acted on a appeal of a challenge to the way the prison handles the lethal injection drugs used in executions, while the federal appeals court issued a stay "ordering a further briefing on the issue of mental retardation," Kammer said. Earlier Tuesday, the U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution, as did the state Supreme Court, while the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles similarly denied a request for clemency. Listen: Asking for mercy in the end . The execution had been scheduled for 7 p.m. ET at a state prison in Jackson, about 45 miles south of Atlanta. Hill was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of Joseph Handspike, another inmate in a Georgia state prison. He was convicted of beating Handspike to death with a nail-studded board while serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend, Myra Wright. His lawyers have argued that Hill's IQ of 70 means he should be spared under a 2002 decision that barred the execution of the mentally disabled. But a string of state courts has said Hill doesn't qualify under Georgia law, which requires inmates to prove mental impairment "beyond a reasonable doubt." "This is the strictest standard in any jurisdiction in the nation. Even Warren Hill, a man with an IQ of 70 who is diagnosed as mentally retarded by every doctor who has examined him, found it impossible to meet this standard of proof," Kammer said. Handspike's family has called for the execution to be called off. The Georgia Council on Developmental Disabilities also weighed in against the execution, stating, "No other state risks the lives of those with developmental disabilities to this extreme." Three doctors who examined Hill for the state "have now revised their opinions and find that Mr. Hill does meet the criteria for mental retardation," his lawyers argued in court papers. But lawyers for the state have said that Hill served in the Navy, held a job and managed his money before Wright's killing -- signs that he didn't necessarily meet the legal standard for retardation, even though he has a low IQ. Hill had previously been scheduled for execution in July, but the state Supreme Court halted the execution on procedural grounds. Georgia has executed 52 men since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1973, according to the Georgia Department of Corrections. There are currently 94 men and one woman under death sentence in the state. CNN's Dana Ford, Bill Mears and Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
highlights: The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Georgia Court of Appeals grant the stays . Warren Lee Hill's attorney says they came within a half hour of the scheduled execution . Hill's defenders say he's mentally disabled . Hill was convicted of beating to death another Georgia inmate in 1990 .
id: fd0ffd933d248b0af071d5117b10d03da6d2de4b
chatgpt: Warren Lee Hill, a death row inmate in Georgia, came within a half hour of his scheduled execution on Tuesday night, but two courts granted his stays. The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a stay just minutes before the execution was set to begin, citing concerns over Hill's mental disabilities. The Georgia Court of Appeals followed suit shortly after, effectively postponing Hill's execution indefinitely. Hill's attorney, Brian Kammer, argued that his client should not be executed because he is intellectually disabled, a claim that has been supported by the court in the past. Kammer said that the stay was granted in part because the state "failed to act in accordance with the Eighth Amendment," which prohibits cruel and unusual punishment. Hill's case has been closely watched by both disability rights advocates and death penalty opponents, who argue that executing intellectually disabled individuals is cruel and violates the Eighth Amendment. Hill was convicted of beating to death another Georgia inmate in 1990 and has been on death row for over two decades. Despite the fact that the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2002 that the execution of the intellectually disabled is unconstitutional, Georgia has continued to proceed with the execution of Warren Lee Hill. Kammer and other defenders say that Hill has an IQ of around 70 and that his mental disabilities make him incapable of understanding his punishment. In a statement, Kammer said that the stays were a "victory for justice and decency" and that they would allow Hill's case to be heard more fully. "The courts have recognized that Georgia's continued attempts to execute Warren Hill are an affront to our nation's fundamental values of fairness and respect for human dignity," he said. The stay of execution was not the only legal setback for Georgia on Tuesday. Earlier in the day, a Georgia judge ruled that the state's lethal injection protocol was unconstitutional, ordering that all executions be halted until the issue is resolved. The ruling came after a challenge by death row inmates, who argued that the three-drug cocktail used by the state could cause intense suffering. Georgia has executed six men in 2016, making it one of the most active death penalty states in the country. The state's aggressive stance on the death penalty has been criticized by opponents, who argue that the system is flawed and often targets the poor and minorities. As for Hill's case, it remains to be seen what will happen next. The stays of execution could be temporary, or they could be the beginning of a much longer legal battle. What is clear is that the fight over the death penalty, and over the rights of intellectually disabled individuals, is far from over.