article: Branden Grace made a decisive eagle on the 16th to win the Qatar Masters on Saturday by one stroke and clinch his sixth European Tour title. The South African shot a final round 6-under 66 for an overall 19-under 269 to hold off runner-up Marc Warren (67) of Scotland. Bernd Wiesberger's two bogeys on the second and third holes proved costly as the Austrian settled for third place at 17 under. South Africa's Branden Grace lifts the trophy after coming out on top at the Qatar Masters . Grace held his nerve on the 18th hole to produce a birdie that brought him a second title this season . Grace celebrates after sinking his final putt at the 18th hole for a round of 66 . Grace's eagle came after he drove to five feet on the par-four No. 16 and then finished with his fourth birdie on the last hole. "It was a great day, a great week, and it's another trophy to put in the cupboard," said Grace. "The form has been there, I played great and I managed to get in on top." On Friday Grace hit a superb snap-hook wedge from the trees on the fifth which resulted in a birdie and set up a third-round 68 after a struggling start. Grace has now won all six European Tour events which he has been leading or sharing the lead going into the final round. It was his second victory of the 2015 Race to Dubai after winning the Alfred Dunhill Championship at home. Going into the final round, Grace and Warren were tied for the lead with Emiliano Grillo of Argentina and Wiesberger. But France's Gregory Bourdy mounted the challenge by firing in six birdies on the first nine holes before he slipped with a bogey on the 15th for a 7-under 65. Korea's Byeong-Hun An shot 65 but missed a crucial birdie on the last hole to miss out. Scotland's Marc Warren recovered from a double bogey with six birdies but fell just short in Doha . Warren started well with birdies from 10 and 15 feet respectively on the first two holes, but double bogeyed at the eighth when his tee shot landed in water. Warren recovered through birdies at Nos. 9 and 10 as Grace went 10 holes without a birdie before finding one at the 12th from 10 feet. Even after Grace's eagle on the 16th, Warren found a birdie on the same hole. Warren tied the scores again with another brilliant tee shot on the par-3 17th for a birdie, but couldn't match Grace's birdie at the last hole. Eddie Pepperell's back-nine 32 gave the Englishman fourth place after a 67. An, Bourdy and Grillo (70) were tied for fifth on 15 under.
highlights: Branden Grace won the Commercial Bank Qatar Masters by single shot . South African had previously won the Alfred Dunhill Masters this season . Scotland's Marc Warren finished second after a final round of 67 .
id: 4bb3976ce82be8a4e6631b98b86df0a6fb8835a8
chatgpt: Branden Grace claimed his second victory of the season, winning the Commercial Bank Qatar Masters by a single shot. The South African golfer, who had previously won the Alfred Dunhill Masters earlier this season, held off a strong challenge from Scotland's Marc Warren in the final round to secure the title. Grace started the final day with a three-shot lead and looked to be cruising to victory. However, Warren piled on the pressure with a final round of 67, making four birdies in six holes on the back nine to close the gap to just one shot. With Warren breathing down his neck, Grace held his nerve and produced some clutch shots to maintain his lead. He rolled in a lengthy par putt on the 17th hole to take a two-shot lead to the final hole, where he made a nervy bogey to finish at 19-under par for the tournament. Speaking after the win, Grace said, "It was a tough day out there. Marc pushed me all the way, and I had to make some big putts to stay ahead. I'm thrilled to get the win, and it feels great to have won twice already this season." This victory marks Grace's 11th European Tour win and his second in the Middle East, having previously won the Dubai Desert Classic in 2012. It also puts him in contention for a place in the European Ryder Cup team, with captain Padraig Harrington taking notice of his impressive form this season. Meanwhile, Warren, who was seeking his first European Tour win since 2014, was left to rue a missed opportunity. Despite finishing in second place, he was encouraged by his performance and the way he had fought back in the final round. "I played really well today," Warren said, "and I'm proud of the way I fought back. I just needed a few more putts to drop to put some pressure on Branden, but he held firm." The battle for third place was hotly contested, with four players finishing tied for the position at 15-under par. Belgian Thomas Detry, who had shared the overnight lead with Grace, carded a final round of 70 to finish alongside American Sean Crocker, England's Andrew Johnston, and Scotland's David Law. The Commercial Bank Qatar Masters is one of the most highly regarded events on the European Tour, with a prize fund of $1.75 million up for grabs. Despite being played in difficult conditions due to the pandemic, the event still attracted some of the biggest names in golf, including 2017 champion Bradley Dredge and four-time major winner Ernie Els.