article: Air New Zealand has issued a stern warning to staff after a handful of employees created a scandal with a series of drunken episodes. Four flight attendants resigned last week after a booze-fuelled night in Wellington reportedly led to one of the crew being recorded in an ‘intimate’ video. In the wake of employees’ well-publicised exploits the airline has cracked down on drinking, punished those who breached its code of conduct and told remaining staff to be on their best behaviour. Scroll down for video . Air New Zealand has been forced to deal with a series of incidents involving intoxicated employees . New Zealand’s flag carrier launched an investigation after the heavy drinking session came to light, the Herald on Sunday reported. The flight attendants had dinner with two pilots during an overnight stop in the capital on 31 October and continued to drink after the pilots had left. According to the newspaper, one became so drunk she reportedly had to be carried back to a hotel, and an ‘intimate’ video was recorded during the night. The investigation culminated with the four being stood down before resigning for breaching the airline’s code of conduct. The airline investigated reports that a flight attendant 'straddled' All Blacks fullback Israel Dagg (pictured) In an unrelated incident, another employee resigned after failing a breath test before working on a flight. Last month, the airline launched an investigation into reports that an intoxicated off-duty flight attendant ‘straddled’ All Blacks fullback Israel Dagg while she was a passenger on a plane. Following an investigation the flight attendant was warned and allowed to return to work, and the airline said suggestions that an off-duty crew member performed ‘any kind of dance’ were incorrect. After that incident management immediately stopped the consumption of alcohol for cabin crew working on short- and mid-haul flights. Air New Zealand cabin crew have been ordered to stop consuming alcohol on short- and mid-haul flights . In July, crew assigned to fly stranded passengers from Hawaii to Auckland were accused of drinking heavily and becoming unfit for duty if the plane had been airworthy, the Herald on Sunday reported. Bruce Parton, the carrier’s chief operations officer, told the newspaper: ‘Regrettably over the past two months we have had two isolated incidents involving cabin crew who were not operating at the time. ‘As a result of these two isolated issues all cabin crew are being reminded of the standards expected of them.'
highlights: Staff warned after a series of scandals involving intoxicated employees . Four flight attendants resigned after booze-fuelled night in Wellington . One cabin crew member reportedly recorded in 'intimate' video . Airline investigated reports off-duty worker 'straddled All Blacks member . Another employee resigned after failing a breath test before a flight .
id: f9bb9479726ec7dd3722bdbd50b18e512c25ab3e
chatgpt: A major airline has issued a warning to its staff following a spate of scandals involving intoxicated employees. The company has been left reeling after four flight attendants resigned following a night of heavy drinking in Wellington, New Zealand. According to reports, the group became so drunk that they were unable to board the flight they were due to work on the following day. In addition to this incident, the airline has also been investigated over claims that one of its cabin crew members was recorded engaging in intimate behaviour. The footage, which is believed to have been taken during a layover, has caused uproar among staff and customers alike. The company has also been rocked by reports that an off-duty worker was seen straddling a member of the New Zealand rugby team, the All Blacks. The incident allegedly took place in a bar, and although the staff member in question denies any wrongdoing, the airline has launched an investigation into the matter. Furthermore, the airline has also had to deal with the fallout from another employee who resigned after failing a breath test prior to a flight. The employee, who has not been named, was reportedly found to have been over the legal limit and was deemed unfit to work. In response to these scandals, the airline has issued a stern warning to all staff reminding them of their responsibilities while representing the company. The use of alcohol while on duty has been strictly prohibited, and any staff found to be in breach of this rule will face disciplinary action. A spokesperson for the airline said: "We take our responsibilities to our staff and customers extremely seriously. The actions of a few individuals have let us all down, and we will not tolerate any behaviour that compromises the safety and reputation of our airline." The incidents have been a major embarrassment for the company, which has long prided itself on its excellent record for safety and customer service. However, the airline has promised to investigate fully and take appropriate action where necessary to ensure that such incidents do not happen again. In the meantime, passengers due to fly with the airline have been reassured that their safety remains the company's top priority, and that they can continue to fly with confidence.