article: By . Jenny Awford for MailOnline . Around 110 million Americans are now receiving government assistance, one third of the country . A third of Americans are now on welfare benefits, prompting calls to raise the minimum wage and encourage more people to stay in work. New census data has revealed that around 110 million Americans are receiving government assistance of some kind. The number includes people receiving 'means-tested' federal benefits and subsidies based on income. Those receiving food stamps, subsidised housing and Temporary Assistance for Needy Families are also included in the total. At the end of 2012 around 83 million were collecting Medicaid and 51.5 million were on food stamps, with some benefitting from multiple programs. Analysts have raised concerns that the programs are encouraging people to stay at home rather than work. They pointed out that when recipients combine several government assistance programs, in many cases they pay better than going to work. Michael Tanner, from Cato Institute think tank said that in the eight most generous states, the benefits are comparable to  a $20 minimum wage. This would exceed the $7.25 minimum wage in most states. 'So in many cases people could actually do better on welfare than they could in an entry level job,' said Mr Tanner. Supporters say the safety net is necessary to keep Americans from living in dire conditions. And many argue that a solution would be to raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. 'I think a lot of people would do the jobs when they pay a living wage,' said Melissa Boteach, from the Center for American Progress. 'In addition, there's growing jobs in health care and information technology and energy. There's a lot of places where, if able to make investments, we can really grow our economy in those sectors.' Tanner said there must be a serious effort to put people back to work because the continued growth of government assistance programs is unsustainable. President Obama urged Congress to reinstate jobless benefits for more than a million Americans this year . 'You can't in the long run have a society in which you have to rely on a smaller and smaller group of wealth producers who have to support more and more people who are not contributing to that wealth,' he said. The number of people on such benefits is up slightly from 2011. The government still runs a half-trillion dollar deficit, according to the most recent estimates, and the national debt is nearing $18 trillion. Heritage Foundation analyst Rachel Sheffield has criticised President Obama's plan to vastly increase spending on welfare. She also accused the Obama administration of giving Americans less incentive to find work and eventually free themselves from public assistance. 'Unfortunately, the federal government tends to measure welfare success by the number of people receiving benefits,' she said.
highlights: Around 110 million Americans are now on government welfare benefits . This equates to more than one third of the country relying on handouts . At least 51 million are using food stamps and  83 million are on Medicaid . Analysts are calling for the minimum wage to be increased to $10.10 an hour .
id: 5922a5309aeca77e5080a2d6032b4d0529ccbb51
chatgpt: According to the latest government statistics, around 110 million Americans are currently on government welfare benefits, which means approximately one-third of the country's population relies on handouts. This staggering figure has triggered debates about the current state of the country’s economy, and how it is affecting America’s most vulnerable citizens. Among the most commonly used welfare programs are food stamps and Medicaid, with at least 51 million Americans relying on food stamps or SNAP benefits as they are commonly known. Medicaid has more than 83 million individuals enrolled, many of whom are among the most vulnerable and would not have access to basic healthcare. While these welfare programs have been a lifeline for many, some analysts insist that they are not enough to support struggling families due to the high cost of living. Hence, some are pushing for a $10.10 minimum wage. Supporters of a minimum wage increase point out that wages have remained stagnant while the cost of living has continued to rise, adding that low wages contribute to poverty and reliance on welfare. They say that increasing the minimum wage would provide some relief for low-income workers and help them support their families. Several economists from different institutions have supported this call for better wages, arguing that such a move would not only benefit low-income workers, but it would also stimulate economic growth by increasing consumer spending. Critics of the proposed minimum wage hike, however, warn that such a move could result in unintended consequences, such as job losses, business closures, or increased automation in some industries. They argue that higher wages will increase costs for employers, leading to fewer job opportunities and higher consumer prices. Proponents of the minimum wage increase propose that it's easier to tackle the root of the problem, rather than just symptoms by providing better support for struggling families, such as access to affordable housing, health care, and education. They also suggest that policymakers need to look at ways to empower small businesses by subsidizing costs and providing incentives for them to pay better wages. In conclusion, the problem of welfare dependency is a complex issue that requires a multi-faceted approach. While welfare benefits such as food stamps and Medicaid may help alleviate the immediate needs of struggling families, there is a need to address the root cause of the issue. This includes promoting better education and job opportunities for low-income families, and encouraging small businesses to provide better wages for their employees. While raising the minimum wage may not be a panacea, the importance of fair wages in achieving a more prosperous and equitable society cannot be overstated.