article: A housekeeper who conned John Lewis out of more than £30,000 by claiming refunds for items of clothing she had shoplifted has been jailed for 19 months. Laima Butke, 55, visited branches of the department store all over the UK over a period of more than 18 months, stealing a total of £32,254. During sentencing, the judge described her as 'thoroughly dishonest' to take money from the 'national institution'. Butke, 55, visited branches of John Lewis all over the UK over a period of 20 months, stealing £32,254 . Explaining how she obtained the money, prosecutor Charles Falk told Aylesbury Crown Court: 'This is quite a clever fraud. 'The technique is this: she goes into John Lewis, purchases some goods. 'She then returns to the store the next day claiming not to have been given a receipt and obtains a refund on the grounds that her daughter didn't want them because they were the wrong size or something.' The next phase of the scam saw Butke visit another John Lewis branch. Mr Falk said: 'She takes the refund she did get and shoplifts the same items on the receipt and gets another refund using that receipt.' The court heard Butke's activities were carried out in 'chunks' between May 2013 and December last year. She visited branches of the department store in London, Cambridge, Southampton, Leicester, High Wycombe and Kingston Upon Thames. In the space of just a few weeks at the end of last year she pocketed almost £6,000 by using the tactics on eight occasions. The fraud was detected by John Lewis investigators who noticed unusual activity on credit cards registered to Butke and she was finally arrested in December. Butke visited John Lewis stores, including the shop in Cambridge (pictured) and stole more than £30,000 . She also stole money from the John Lewis in High Wycombe - and has now been jailed for 19 months . She pleaded guilty to nine counts of fraud by false representation at a previous hearing. Sentencing her, Judge Francis Sheridan said: 'You are thoroughly dishonest. It hurts decent companies. They (John Lewis) are a decent company. Some might think they are a national institution.' Butke, a housekeeper originally from Lithuania, claims that in fact she carried out the fraud by buying items reduced in the sale and claiming refunds at the full price. But the judge said:' Your barrister mitigates that this was not sophisticated. If it's not sophisticated then it's more devious.' Butke's barrister Lee Harris said she had not lived a 'lavish' lifestyle as a result of her actions, sending money back to Lithuania to her daughter and sick mother. Butke, of no fixed abode, appeared from prison via video link and wept as she was sentenced. Butke would mainly use items of clothes to carry out the scam, the court heard, pocketing refunds of several hundred pounds each time.
highlights: Laima Butke, 55, visited John Lewis stores over UK over 20 month period . She went in to the shops and purchased goods, mainly items of clothing . Returned to store next day claiming not to have receipt and given refund . Then used refund and shoplifted items on the receipt at another branch . Then received another refund using that receipt - stealing total of £32,254 . Jailing her for 19 months, judge described her as 'thoroughly dishonest'
id: a407584a0332c82d15ee2b5e42146c9a8be18966
chatgpt: A woman from the United Kingdom has been jailed for 19 months after stealing a total of £32,254 from John Lewis stores over a 20-month period. Laima Butke, aged 55, has been said to have followed the same pattern each time she visited a store. She would go in and purchase goods, mainly clothing, but would then return to the store the following day claiming she did not have the receipt.  The store associates would then give her a refund, at which point Butke would use that money to shoplift items on the original receipt at another branch. Once she had stolen these items, she would then go back to the original store and claim another refund using the items that she had just stolen.  Butke's dishonest actions were discovered after staff members at John Lewis noticed that the same woman was returning to different stores multiple times within a short period of time. Securities cameras filmed Butke taking items off the shelves and hiding them in her bag. The police were called, and after an investigation, Butke was charged with theft. During her hearing, the judge described Butke as "thoroughly dishonest." The sentencing of 19 months in jail was an appropriate penalty for her crimes. The case highlights the importance of businesses remaining vigilant against theft, and working to prevent such crimes from being committed. The management team at John Lewis was, understandably, disappointed by Butke's actions. A representative for the company stated that they have a zero-tolerance policy towards any kind of theft or inappropriate behavior. The company takes these matters very seriously and works closely with law enforcement agencies to ensure that those who steal from the store are brought to justice. The crimes committed by Butke not only hurt John Lewis as a business but also affected other customers who may have ended up paying higher prices as a result. Retail theft is a significant issue for stores globally, and it is essential for retailers to take all necessary measures to prevent it from happening. These measures include installing security cameras, training employees on how to spot suspicious behavior, and investing in theft prevention technologies. In conclusion, Laima Butke's actions were unethical and illegal. She went to great lengths to steal from John Lewis, and her crimes ultimately resulted in significant financial loss for the company. However, law enforcement was able to apprehend her, and she has been held accountable for her actions. It is hoped that this case will serve as a reminder to other potential perpetrators of this type of crime that theft is not worth the risk.