article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- At least 19 people have been stung to death by hornets -- which may include the world's largest hornet species Vespa mandarinia -- in China's central Shaanxi province in the last three months, according to the city government of Ankang, the apparent epicenter of a recent spate of fatalities and injuries. A total of 583 people in the area have been stung by hornets since July 1, say city officials. Seventy victims are still recovering in hospitals. Chen Changlin was hospitalized after being attacked by hornets, while harvesting rice last week. "I ran and shouted for help, but the hornets chased me about 200 meters, and stung me for more than 3 minutes," he recounted to the state-run China Youth Daily. Chen said hornets had first swarmed a woman and child working nearby, who then ran towards him. Both later died from the hornets' toxins. "The more you run, the more they want to chase you," said another victim, whose kidneys were ravaged by the venom. When he was admitted to the hospital, his urine was the color of soy sauce, according to local reports. Earlier this month, 30 people -- including 23 primary school children aged between six and eight years -- were injured in a hornet attack in Guangxi province, south of Shaanxi. Their teacher, Li Zhiqiang, told his students to hide under tables as he tried to drive away the insects before he lost consciousness. The school's headmaster told local media that most of the injured suffered stings to their heads, necks, hands and feet. Nearly 60 students and teachers were injured in a separate incident in the province at the start of the month, according to state media. Experts say a number of reasons may have contributed to the apparent increase in hornet activity, including the region's recent hot, dry weather, land development and hornet sensitivity to the smell of people. The Asian killer hornet, which is suspected in these incidents, are formidable, carnivorous killers, according to the non-profit Honeybee Conservancy. The species feed their young with the larvae of other insects and use their talons and mandibles to sever the limbs and heads of their prey. The hornet's venom sting is a neurotoxin so powerful that it dissolves human tissue, according to the Guinness Book of World Records. This week's latest incidents spurred the Ankang city government to hold an emergency video call addressing local concerns. Vice Mayor Lu Qi said he would increase investment in regional hornet control. Mayor Xu Qifang added the city would establish a 24-hour emergency hornet response team. Journalist Ramy Inocencio wrote in Hong Kong and Ke Feng contributed to this article from Beijing.
highlights: At least 19 people have been stung to death by hornets in southern China . More than 580 people have been stung in China's southern Shaanxi province . The Asian killer hornet, Vespa mandarinia, is world's largest hornet and may be involved . Regional hot, dry weather and smell of people may be factors in increased hornet activity .
id: 5aaad6d0223178d899b9eec882ebb254f64ffb44
chatgpt: Tragic news strikes southern China as at least 19 people have been killed in a string of hornet attacks. The highly venomous Asian giant hornet, scientifically known as Vespa mandarinia, is believed to be the culprit behind the deaths. The attacks have taken place in the province of Shaanxi, where over 580 people have been stung in recent days. The Asian giant hornet is a worrisome threat, as it is the world's largest hornet, growing up to 3 inches in length. Its venom can cause severe pain, tissue necrosis, and even organ failure. In some cases, the venom can even be fatal, especially if the victim is allergic or if many stings occur simultaneously. Regional experts have suggested that factors such as hot and dry weather, combined with the smell of people, may have contributed to the increased hornet activity. The dry weather may have driven the hornets to scavenge for food and water near human settlements, where they may have come in contact with people. According to witnesses, the hornets attacked their victims by swarming them in large numbers, causing confusion and panic. Many of the victims were unable to flee and sustained multiple stings. The attacks have left the community in shock and mourning as they cope with the loss of loved ones. Authorities have advised people in the affected area to take immediate precautions, such as avoiding wearing strong perfumes, bright colors, and sweet-smelling foods that may attract the hornets. Experts also suggest hiding or running away if confronted by the hornets, as fighting back or swatting at them may only provoke more aggressive behavior. Hornet attacks are not uncommon in southern China, where the Vespa mandarinia species is abundant. However, this recent wave of attacks has been particularly alarming due to the high number of fatalities. The Chinese government has deployed emergency response teams to help contain the situation and prevent further attacks. In the meantime, local residents are urged to remain vigilant and report any sightings or incidents to the authorities. The government has also advised people to seek immediate medical attention in case of a hornet attack, as timely treatment can be critical in preventing severe complications. The hornet attacks in southern China serve as a sobering reminder of the dangers posed by these large and aggressive insects. As global temperatures continue to rise and habitats change, it is important to remain cautious and take necessary precautions when in areas where hornets or other potentially dangerous wildlife may be present.