article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Sharon Stone's former nanny filed a lawsuit Wednesday accusing the actress of violating labor laws and making derogatory comments about her ethnicity. Stone called it "an absurd lawsuit" with "made-up and fabricated" claims, filed by "a disgruntled ex-employee who is obviously looking to get money any way she can." Erlinda Elemen, who is Filipino, worked as a live-in nanny for the actress for more than four years, until she was fired in February 2011, the lawsuit filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court Wednesday said. Elemen claims she was fired because she refused to give back overtime pay that Stone told her she did not deserve. Stone told her it was only in January 2011 that she learned from her accountant that she was paying her overtime when she worked holidays or traveled to care for her three children, the suit said. "Defendant Stone, however, accused Plaintiff of 'stealing' from her by taking the above-described overtime pay, told Plaintiff that it was 'illegal' for Plaintiff to have taken the pay, and asked for it back," the court filing said. Elemen refused to give the overtime pay back, arguing it was required by state and federal labor laws, the suit said. "Defendant Stone then began to repeatedly berate Plaintiff in front of her staff, guests and others, for a period of approximately three weeks, for no other reason than Plaintiff had received overtime pay as hereinabove alleged," it said. The nanny was fired "shortly thereafter," the lawsuit said. The suit claims the nanny was "repeatedly subjected to numerous derogatory comments and slurs by Stone related to her Filipino ethnicity and heritage" during the last six months of her employment. The alleged derogatory comments including criticism about the nanny's Filipino accent. "She was told not to speak to the children because Stone did not want her children to 'talk like you,'" the suit said. "In addition, Stone made comments which equated being Filipino with being stupid." The lawsuit also charged that Stone was "repeatedly verbally dismissive of Elemen's deeply held religious beliefs, criticized Elemen for frequently attending church and, on one occasion, even forbade her live in nanny from reading the bible in Stone's house." Elemen sought and was given approval from the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing to sue Stone for an unspecified sum for unpaid wages, damages and penalties, the suit said. "After she was terminated approximately one-and-a-half years ago, she filed claims for alleged disability and workers compensation," Stone said in a statement to CNN. "Now, she is obviously looking for another opportunity to cash in." She insisted she would be completely vindicated in court. "This is a frivolous lawsuit for absurd claims that are made-up and fabricated," Stone said. CNN's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report.
highlights: Erlinda Elemen accuses Sharon Stone of firing her because of overtime pay . Stone calls it "an absurd lawsuit" with "made-up and fabricated" claims . The ex-nanny accuses Stone of making derogatory comments about her ethnicity . Elemen worked as a live-in nanny for the actress for more than four years .
id: 58ce8bc74a2e0ad99b3f01cf4e4661c29706ec1e
chatgpt: Former nanny Erlinda Elemen has recently filed a lawsuit against famous actress Sharon Stone, accusing her of wrongful termination and unfair labor practices. Elemen has claimed that she was fired by Stone because she requested overtime pay for the extra work she did while working as the actress's live-in nanny. Stone has called the lawsuit "absurd" and has denied all allegations made by Elemen. The actress also stated that Elemen's claims are "made-up and fabricated," adding that she has always treated her former nanny with respect and dignity. However, Elemen's lawsuit also alleges that Stone made derogatory comments about her ethnicity during her time working for the actress. Elemen, who is a Filipino-American, claims that Stone made "mean-spirited" comments about her accent and her food, which deeply offended her. Elemen worked for Stone for more than four years before being fired in February 2011. According to court documents, Elemen claims that she was regularly required to work 12-hour days and seven-day weeks. However, she was never paid for the overtime work, which she says is a violation of California labor laws. Elemen's lawsuit further reveals that the actress was aware of her nanny's rights under the law but intentionally disregarded them. Elemen also claims that Stone demanded that she work longer hours during her filming schedules, even when it was not necessary, and refused to pay her overtime for the extra work. Moreover, Elemen claims that Stone didn't compensate her for her meal and rest periods, which were required by law. Instead, Stone expected her nanny to be available around the clock, for any and all of her needs. In her statement, Stone refuted all of Elemen's claims, stating that they were totally untrue. Stone added that the actress has always been supportive of her former nanny and her family, and that she has never made any derogatory comments about her ethnicity. The lawsuit was filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Tuesday, and the damages sought by Elemen are yet to be revealed. However, it is expected that the case could potentially cost Stone a significant amount, depending on the extent of the damages sought by Elemen. In conclusion, Stone's former nanny has accused the actress of wrongful termination, unfair labor practices, as well as derogatory comments about her ethnicity. However, Stone has denied all of Elemen's allegations, labeling the lawsuit against her as "absurd."