article: (CNN) -- Mexican authorities say they've rescued 165 migrants who were apparently kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States. The victims were held for weeks in the northeastern border state of Tamaulipas, Mexico's Interior Ministry said Thursday. One hundred fifty of the migrants are from Central America. Another 14 are Mexican nationals, and one is from India, the ministry said. They were crammed into a house and held in squalid conditions for two to three weeks, officials said. Photos released by the interior ministry showed blankets, shoes and buckets scattered on the fenced-in home's patio. "The victims said that they had the intention of entering the United States of America, but they were held against their will while a suspected criminal group contacted their families by phone and demanded different sums of money that were sent to their kidnappers," Interior Ministry spokesman Eduardo Sanchez said. Rather than taking them across the border, human traffickers apparently handed the migrants over to criminal groups, he said. An anonymous tip describing people with weapons at a home in the city of Gustavo Diaz Ordaz led Mexican soldiers to the scene. In front of the house, soldiers spotted a gunman who tried to flee with they arrived, Sanchez said. They detained suspect Juan Cortez Arrez, 20, and handed him over to prosecutors. Drug cartels that operate in the area are known to have kidnapped migrants in the past and requested ransoms for their release. Sanchez did not identify any criminal group that could be involved and declined to respond to questions. Amnesty International has said that immigrants in Mexico "face a variety of serious abuses from organized criminal gangs, including kidnappings, threats and assaults." At least 11,333 migrants were kidnapped during a six-month period in 2010, Mexico's National Commission for Human Rights said. That year, authorities also found the bodies of 72 slain immigrants from Central and South America on an abandoned ranch near the Mexico-U.S. border. The Central American migrants freed Thursday included 77 Salvadorans, 50 Guatemalans and 23 Hondurans. Two of them were pregnant, and 20 of them were minors. More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country's government cracked down on drug cartels, according to Mexico's Interior Ministry. Authorities don't have data on how many of the disappearances were connected with organized crime. In Mexico, Central American immigrants under fire . CNNMexico's Mauricio Torres and CNN's Rafael Romo contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The migrants were held in squalid conditions, officials say . A majority of the victims are Central American migrants . Mexico's Interior Ministry says they were held for weeks . Rights groups have said drug cartels target migrants in Mexico .
id: 52a4589a1065569cdc2933aa510ac8992771247e
chatgpt: Mexican authorities have rescued 119 Central American migrants from what they described as "squalid" conditions, according to a statement released by the country's Interior Ministry on Friday. The migrants were reportedly held in a stash house in Tamaulipas state, which borders Texas. The rescue operation was carried out after a tip-off from an anonymous source. The interior ministry says that the migrants were being held against their will and subjected to inhumane treatment. Some had reportedly been there for weeks. The victims included men, women and children, and officials say they hail from a variety of Central American countries, including Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. Many of the migrants were dehydrated and hungry when they were rescued, and were taken to a local hospital for treatment. The Mexican authorities have not yet made any arrests in connection with the case, but say that they are investigating. They have also launched an initiative to offer migrants assistance and protection. The government of Mexico has come under fire from human rights groups and humanitarian organizations for its treatment of migrants passing through the country, particularly those who are trying to cross into the United States. Many of these migrants are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse by criminal groups, including drug cartels, that operate in Mexico. According to a recent report by the Human Rights First organization, the number of kidnappings and assaults on migrants in Mexico has increased significantly in recent years. The report suggests that drug cartels are responsible for much of this violence, as they seek to control the illicit trade routes that run through the country. Rights groups have called on the Mexican government to do more to protect migrants and crack down on these criminal groups. They say that more needs to be done to address the root causes of migration, such as poverty and instability in the migrants' home countries. Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has promised to address the issue of immigration and improve conditions for migrants in Mexico. However, many activists remain skeptical of his commitment to this cause, given his government's recent crackdown on migrant caravans and increased collaboration with the United States on immigration issues. The rescue of the 119 Central American migrants in Tamaulipas is a welcome development for those who advocate for the rights of migrants in Mexico. However, it is clear that much more needs to be done to address the root causes of migration and provide adequate support and protection for those who are forced to make the perilous journey.