article: (CNN) -- Don't feed the bears! It's an admonishment heard over and over again from wildlife officials. But Florida resident Mary Musselman didn't listen, officials said. And it got her arrested at age 81. She is being held without bond, CNN affiliate WFTS reported. "I think it is outrageous," said Karen Tedder. She and other former students of the retired gym teacher held a gathering Thursday outside Musselman's house in Sebring to pray for her. She must be released, they say, because her husband is dying of cancer and she's his only caregiver. But authorities had warned her multiple times not to feed the black bears coming onto her property. She did anyway. And she fed them a lot -- up to 17 to 18 bowls of dog food at a time, wildlife officials told the affiliate. The bears loved it and kept coming back. The Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission hated it and kept coming back, too. Killing a bear . Musselman's trouble with the law began last year, when wildlife officials had to put down a bear she was feeding, they said. They went to great lengths to explain to her why she shouldn't give the wild animals food, said FWC spokesman Gary Morse. They brought her informational videos and pamphlets, had conversations with her. "Feeding bears results in bears losing their fear of people," Morse said. After they get used to living around humans and getting food from them, relocating them does not solve the problem. And when bears come too close to people, they do damage -- to property and to people, Morse said. The education they gave Musselman was all for naught. "She told us she wasn't going to stop," Morse told the affiliate. Then, in November, they issued her an official warning. Weeks later, officers caught her feeding bears again. Out came the instructional videos once more. Still no change. The law steps in . In December, Musselman was ordered to appear in court, where -- this time -- a judge told her to stop feeding the bears. That didn't work either. On Christmas Eve, she was back in court; she left there on probation. Again, the problem persisted: More food; more bears. A judge sent wildlife commission officers to arrest Musselman. They said she fought them and told them she'd kill them. Now she is charged not only with feeding wildlife but also with battery against a law officer and violating her probation. Why wouldn't she stop? She thought the bears would starve without her, according to the affiliate. "She didn't want to accept that fact that they'd be fine without her," Morse said. "They hibernate when there is no food." Her former students are trying to find a mental health professional to appear with her in court. Warm winters spur black bears to halt hibernating, start eating . CNN's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .
highlights: Mary Musselman put out 17-18 bowls of dog food at a time for black bears . Officials tried to educate her on why she should not do it . Bears can be dangerous to humans if they lose their fear of people . Officials: She received multiple warnings and still didn't comply .
id: 467a6f3bc1fcd014fe37d8e7d86cc027c8e72ca9
chatgpt: A Pennsylvania woman faces charges after repeatedly feeding black bears despite multiple warnings from officials. Mary Musselman, a resident of North Hopewell Township, put out 17-18 bowls of dog food at a time for the bears. Officials attempted to educate her on why this was a problem, as bears can become dangerous to humans if they lose their fear of people. Last year, the Pennsylvania Game Commission filed four citations against Musselman for violating black bear feeding laws. Despite this, Musselman continued to feed the animals. Officials say that they have received numerous complaints from neighbors, and that Musselman has even encouraged her friends and family to come and view the bears while they were feeding. In a statement, the Game Commission said that Musselman “has refused to comply with the law and has continued to put herself, her neighbors and the bears at risk.” The Game Commission also noted that black bears can cause significant damage to property and crops, and can pose a threat to pets and livestock. According to officials, Musselman was given multiple opportunities to comply with the law before being charged. She now faces five misdemeanor counts of feeding bears and one summary count of unlawfully disturbing wildlife. If convicted, Musselman could face fines of up to $5,000 and up to 90 days in jail for each misdemeanor count. While black bears are a common sight in Pennsylvania, officials caution against feeding them. Doing so can cause the animals to lose their natural fear of humans, leading them to become increasingly bold in their interactions with people. “The purpose of the law is to keep bears wild and afraid of humans,” said Game Commission spokesperson Travis Lau. “If people are feeding bears, that’s not going to happen.” The Game Commission recommends that residents secure their garbage and remove other food sources that may attract bears to their property. In addition to endangering herself and her neighbors, Musselman’s actions also put the bears at risk. Bears that become accustomed to human food sources often lose their ability to forage for natural food, which can lead to malnutrition and starvation. “This is a serious offense,” said Lau. “Feeding black bears is not only illegal, it’s dangerous and can harm the bears.”