article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 08:04 EST, 15 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:31 EST, 15 July 2013 . He proudly claims he will go to the 'center of the earth to get the best shot' and for this image he nearly did. Kawika Singson withstood the intense heat of a lava flow and allowed himself to be set alight in order to get this photograph on top of a Hawaii volcano. The photographer stood on a thin layer of rock just centimeters above magma and it was so hot his tripod and shoes set on fire. On fire: Kawika Singson was shooting in the volcanoes of Hawaii, which was so hot his tripod and shoes caught alight . Mr Singson has refused to divulge the exact location of the shoot but insists it is genuine and has not been tampered with. He told Petapixel: 'I don't like giving out my locations. It's a secret. Plus, I don't want people to go there and get hurt.' The extreme hiker and photographer said he takes 'many risks' to get the image he wants and this was taken on July 4, this year. 'I thought it would be pretty cool to take a lava pic with my shoes and tripod on fire,” he was quoted by Petapixel as saying. Despite some skeptics claiming the photograph must have been doctored, Mr Singson said the flames and lava were real and it was so hot he could only stand there for a few seconds. He positioned himself on a thin layer of rock directly above the magma. Scorching: The extreme photographer admits he takes risks as he plies his trade around the volcanoes of Hawaii, such as this one at Kilauea . Dedication: Photographer Miles Morgan's shoes and tripod melted as he shot lava on the scorching surface of the Kilaeua volcano, Hawaii . Previously, his shoes have started to smoke as he takes shots around the volcanoes of Hawaii, where he lives, but he said this was the first time they had actually caught fire. On Hawaii, the temperature of lava hovers around 1,100 degrees. Mr Singson is not the first photographer to risk life and limb to guarantee a great shot. In May, Miles Morgan took the concept of extreme living to another level after his shoes and tripod melted as he did a shoot among the same active volcanoes. His work his taken him just inches away from bubbling, fiery . lava spewing from the many craters that dot the islands.
highlights: Kawika Singson withstood the intense heat above a lava flow at a Hawaii volcano . Admits he takes risks and will go to the 'center of the earth' to get best picture .
id: 68511baa2ed304790580e75ee18c64d84f7ae6e5
chatgpt: Kawika Singson, an adventurer and photographer, recently captured incredible footage of a lava flow at a Hawaii volcano. The footage shows Singson standing on a precarious perch, enduring the intense heat from the lava as it cascades down the mountain.  Singson, who has made a career out of capturing extreme environments on camera, admitted that he takes risks in his work. "I will go to the 'center of the earth' to get the best picture," he said. "It's a part of who I am." The footage, which has since gone viral, shows Singson standing just a few feet away from the lava, risking his safety to capture the perfect shot. He used a drone to capture the footage from above and also recorded footage on the ground. Singson's love of photography started at a young age, and he has been traveling the world to capture breathtaking images ever since. He has visited some of the most extreme locations on the planet, from the frozen tundras of the Arctic Circle to the scorching deserts of the Sahara. Despite the inherent danger in his work, Singson takes every precaution to ensure his safety. He wears a protective suit, helmet, and gas mask to protect himself from the intense heat and toxic fumes. He also has a team of experienced guides who help him navigate the treacherous terrain. Singson's passion for photography and adventure has earned him a large following on social media, where he shares his stunning images and stories from his travels. He hopes that his work will inspire others to explore the world and take risks in pursuit of their passions. While some may question Singson's willingness to risk his safety for a photograph, he sees it as a necessary part of his work. "I take calculated risks in my work," he said. "I know the dangers, but I also know the rewards. There's nothing like capturing an image that no one else has seen before." Singson's latest footage from the Hawaii volcano has certainly captured the attention of people around the world. His bravery and skill in capturing the images have earned him praise from fellow photographers and adventurers alike. As for what's next for Singson, he says he's always looking for the next adventure. "I never know where my work will take me next," he said. "But I know that wherever it is, I'll be ready for it."