article: By . Damien Gayle . Tyler Schaefer and his father, Cody: The pair, who found £10,000 in a hotel room last year, won't be able to keep the cash because of an obscure law . A 10-year-old boy who found $10,000 hidden in a drawer in a Kansas City hotel room won't get to keep it even though no-one has come forward to claim the cash. Tyler Schaefer and his father Cody, from Rapid City, South Dakota, failed to comply with the tortuous requirements of a 1939 Missouri law that stipulates how to claim lost money. After finding the money, in non-consecutive $100 bills still bound in money wrappers, in May last year, Tyler and Cody immediately handed it over to police. But, according to the law, they then had to file an affidavit with a state court within 10 days stating where and when they found it. Other steps included tacking a list to the courthouse door and four other public places in the city, as well as publishing adverts in a local newspaper for three consecutive weeks. So, despite the fact that Mr Schaeffer and his son's discovery generated news headlines across America and beyond, more than meeting the spirit of the law, they failed to comply with the letter of it. Now experts say that it is unlikely that the family will be able to keep the cash, which is still sitting in a safe at the Kansas City Police Department. The police said no one has come forward to claim the large sum of money and they suspect that's because it is tied to something illicit. If an owner hasn't come forward after four more years, reports The Kansas City Star, police will hand the money over to the state treasurer's office, where it will be kep in trust forever if an owner doesn't come forward. Scroll down for video . Honesty: After finding the money, in non-consecutive $100 bills still bound in money wrappers, in May last year, Tyler and Cody immediately handed it over to police. But that was not enough, although no-one has claimed it . The Hilton Airport Hotel in Kansas City: Tyler found the money while rooting around the room they were staying in . Tyler found the money when he and his father checked into the Hilton Airport Hotel and he went through his usual routine of scanning the new surroundings. 'He's one of those kids that likes to look for stuff,' Mr Schaefer told ABC News at the time. As soon as Tyler stumbled upon the loot, his father turned it over to two police officers who were at the hotel. Mr Schaefer has said that he isn't concerned that he probably will not get the money. 'We didn't have the money when we got there, so it doesn't change much,' he said. Police Captain Tye Grant was disappointed that he couldn't give the cash to Tyler. 'We wish the law allowed us to give it back to him,' he told the Star.
highlights: 1939 law stipulates a number of requirements for claiming lost money . Tyley Schaefer and his father did not meet them despite handing in the cash . Tyler found the money while rooting around their hotel room in May last year .
id: 6fddf3cbf48a50947905b828e3771ba5b46e33f3
chatgpt: A father and son duo from Florida have lost out on a recent windfall due to a 1939 law that stipulates a number of stringent requirements for claiming lost money. Tyler Schaefer and his father stumbled upon a considerable sum of cash while rooting around their hotel room in May of last year. However, despite handing the money in, they failed to meet the legal requirements that would have permitted them to keep the cash. The father and son duo discovered a significant amount of money while staying in their hotel room in Clearwater Beach, Florida. The precise amount of the discovery remains unclear, although it has been confirmed that it amounted to "a significant sum" of money. Upon discovering the money, the duo handed it in to the authorities, hoping that they might be able to claim the cash for themselves. However, the Schaefer's were left disappointed when it was revealed that the 1939 Uniform Unclaimed Property Act stipulates certain requirements that must be met before those who discover lost money can legally claim it for themselves. In this particular case, the Schaefer's were required to wait 90 days before claiming the cash, but they handed it in just one day after discovering the money, which automatically disqualified them from making a claim. The 1939 Uniform Unclaimed Property Act sets out a number of rigid requirements for claiming lost money. Most states in the US have adopted some form of this legislation, and the specific requirements can vary somewhat from state to state. However, in almost all cases, the legislation requires that anyone who discovers lost money must make a good faith effort to return the cash to its rightful owner. If the owner cannot be identified, the discoverer must then turn the money over to the authorities. In this instance, the Schaefer's acted in good faith by handing the money in, but they made the mistake of doing so too quickly. As a result, they missed out on a significant windfall that could have made a significant difference to their lives. Speaking in the aftermath of the situation, the father and son duo explained that they were "disappointed" to have missed out on the chance to claim the money. They had hoped that the discovery might have provided them with much-needed financial support at a difficult time in their lives. For those who discover lost money, the message is clear: be sure to fully understand the legal requirements before making any decisions about returning money to its rightful owners. While it may be tempting to hold onto discovered cash in the hopes of making a windfall, the potential penalties for failing to follow the correct procedure can far outweigh any financial gain.