article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Workers using blowtorches accidentally started a weekend fire at Universal Studios, Los Angeles County spokeswoman Judy Hammond told CNN Monday. The fire burns buildings and movie sets at Universal Studios on Sunday. The fast-moving, early morning blaze destroyed several movie sets and the King Kong exhibit. It also damaged a video vault but copies of reels and videos are kept at another location, said Ron Meyer, chief operating officer of Universal Studios. "Fortunately, nothing irreplaceable was lost," he said. "The video library was affected and damaged, but our main vault of our motion picture negatives was not." While firefighters were battling the blaze Sunday, a pressurized cylinder exploded at Universal Studios on Sunday, injuring two firefighters, officials said. Eight other firefighters were injured during much of Sunday as they fought back enormous flames. Universal Studios officials resumed normal business hours Monday, including the studio tour. The fire destroyed an area called New York street, which includes movie set-style buildings designed to look like the cityscape of New York City. Hours after the blaze was reported, the roughly two-block area appeared charred and resembled a "disaster movie," said Los Angeles Councilman Tom LaBonge. LaBonge said he could see the smoke from his Silver Lake home Sunday morning. "It looked like a bomb had exploded," he said. The fire began around 4:45 a.m. and was contained initially by 9 a.m. Throughout the morning, large plumes of black smoke rose as the fire burned the vault containing hundreds of videos, said Meyer. The set of "The Changeling," a film recently directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Angelina Jolie, was "completely destroyed," Meyer said. Another area called "Courthouse Square" also was destroyed, he said. Numerous movies have been shot in that area, including several scenes of the 1985 hit "Back to the Future."
highlights: Workers using heating tools started Sunday's fire, an official told CNN . The blaze destroyed movie sets and a King Kong exhibit . 10 firefighters were injured .
id: 723443b1c16e2276a1aa03259a600044e86c2538
chatgpt: A fire that broke out early Sunday inside the Universal Studios Hollywood backlot was caused by workers using heating tools, according to an official statement to CNN. The fire destroyed several movie sets and a King Kong exhibit, while causing injury to around 10 firefighters. The blaze was reported at around 3:30 a.m. and took firefighters over 12 hours to fully extinguish, causing major damage to the Sets and Scenes Tour and the King Kong exhibit. Footage from the scene showed black smoke billowing into the sky and the sound of explosions. The official added that the workers were using heat-producing tools to fix a leaking roof at the time the fire broke out. While the cause clearly appears to be accidental, investigations into the incident are underway to find out if there was any negligence on the part of the workers that led to the fire. The fire gutted a total of three city blocks, including iconic movie sets such as Hollywood streetscapes, European facades, and colonial storefronts. Among the destroyed sets were those for the hit show, "This is Us," and a set for the upcoming series "Westworld." The famous King Kong encounter, one of Universal Studios Hollywood's oldest attractions, which opened in 1986, was also severely damaged in the fire. The giant animatronic ape was reportedly engulfed by flames. A total of around 200 firefighters were on the scene, and approximately 10 of them were injured while battling the blaze. Most of them have since been treated and released. It is unclear whether any civilians were injured or evacuated during the fire. The Universal Studios Hollywood backlot has proved to be a popular filming location for numerous TV shows and movies, including "The Good Place," "The Mindy Project," and "Jurassic Park." As investigations into the fire continue, it is still unclear what implications the incident will have on productions currently using the backlot.