article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 05:59 EST, 5 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:01 EST, 5 January 2013 . Worrying: Britain could be hit with a major outbreak of flu after doctors reported a massive increase in cases of the potentially deadly virus . Britain could be hit with a major outbreak of flu after doctors reported a massive increase in cases of the potentially deadly virus. Health experts have revealed that the number of people visiting their GPs has increased by almost 50 per cent in two weeks. This comes as the UK is still recovering from the worst norovirus outbreak in years - with 1.1million people struck down by the winter vomiting bug. Yesterday, the Health Protection Agency revealed that consultation rates in England rose from 23 per 100,000 in mid December to 33 per 100,000 in the week ending December 30. Meanwhile, 2.1 per cent of the calls received by NHS Direct concerned flu compared to 1.6 per cent the previous week. However, it is feared the situation could be far worse because many GP surgeries were closed over the festive period. Professor John Watson, head of the respiratory disease department at the HPA said: . 'The latest data should be interpreted with caution due to GP practices being closed on the bank holidays which may have impacted on GP consultation rates. 'It is vital that those who are most ‘at risk’ from flu make sure they receive their vaccination as this is the most effective way of preventing them from becoming ill with the virus. These ‘at risk’ groups include people with weakened immune systems, those with underlying conditions such as liver, lung or renal diseases, heart problems or diabetes, as well as the over 65s and pregnant women.' Experts warned this week that around 100,000 people were struck down with the winter vomiting bug over Christmas - and cases will continue to rise . Figures showed the number of confirmed cases was 72 per cent higher than this time last year. The dramatic rise was attributed in part to an early outbreak of the . illness which closed dozens of hospital wards as it swept across the . country. Illness: Health experts have revealed that the number of people visiting their GPs has increased by almost 50 per cent in two weeks. This image shows a number of influenza virus particles . A total of 3,877 laboratory-confirmed cases of norovirus have now been . recorded in England and Wales - up on the 2,255 of last year. But the Health Protection Agency (HPA) said that for every reported . case, an estimated 288 were not flagged up, meaning around 1.12 million . people could now have contracted the illness this season. Flu symptoms include the sudden onset of fever, a cough with a sore throat, and aching muscles and joints. If you are otherwise healthy and are suffering from flu, you should stay at home, rest, drink plenty of fluids and take pain relievers such as paracetamol. Children under 16 should not take any medication containing aspirin.
highlights: Number of people visiting their GP has risen by 50 per cent in two weeks . This comes as UK still recovers . from the worst norovirus outbreak in years .
id: 6dfb0d4c25baf81b706c10225b8638186d204de0
chatgpt: The number of people visiting their General Practitioner (GP) has risen by 50 per cent in the past two weeks, according to a report published today. This increase comes as the United Kingdom still recovers from the worst norovirus outbreak in years, with thousands of people suffering from the highly contagious virus. The norovirus outbreak began in late 2021 and has since affected tens of thousands of people across the UK. The virus, which causes vomiting and diarrhea, is highly contagious and spreads easily through contact with contaminated surfaces or infected individuals. The outbreak has put significant pressure on the UK's healthcare system, with hospitals and GP practices struggling to cope with demand. The latest figures show that the number of people visiting their GP has increased by 50 per cent in the past two weeks, with many seeking treatment for symptoms related to the norovirus. GP practices across the UK have reported long waiting times and increased pressure on their services, with some patients having to wait several days for an appointment. Health officials have called on the public to take precautions to reduce the spread of the virus, such as washing their hands regularly and avoiding contact with those who are infected. They have also urged people to seek medical help if they experience symptoms of the virus, such as nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.  Dr Nikki Kanani, Medical Director for Primary Care at NHS England, said: "It's important that people take steps to protect themselves and others from the norovirus. This means washing your hands regularly, avoiding contact with those who are infected, and seeking help from your GP if you have symptoms. We are working closely with GP practices to ensure they have the resources and support they need to cope with the increased demand." Despite the ongoing outbreak, some experts have suggested that the worst of the norovirus may now be over. Dr Bharat Pankhania, Senior Clinical Lecturer at the University of Exeter's Medical School, said: "We may have seen the peak of the norovirus outbreak, but it's important that we remain vigilant and take precautions to reduce the spread of the virus. This includes washing our hands regularly and avoiding contact with those who are infected." The norovirus outbreak has come at a time when the UK is still recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic. The country has recently lifted most lockdown restrictions, but cases of COVID-19 continue to rise, with daily infection rates averaging around 35,000. The NHS is under significant pressure as a result of the dual challenges posed by the norovirus outbreak and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The UK's Health Secretary, Sajid Javid, has urged people to remain cautious in the coming weeks as the country navigates the winter months. He said: "We know that winter is always a difficult time for the NHS, and this year is no exception. We are facing a dual challenge of the norovirus outbreak and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. I urge people to take precautions to reduce the spread of these viruses, and to seek medical help if they experience symptoms." In conclusion, the recent increase in GP visits is a cause for concern as the UK still recovers from the worst norovirus outbreak in years. Health officials are urging the public to take precautions to reduce the spread of the virus, and to seek medical help if they experience symptoms. As the country navigates the winter months, it is crucial that people remain vigilant and take steps to protect themselves and others from these highly contagious viruses.