article: By . Matthew Blake . Students at a Chinese high school gave new meaning to the practice of 'hot desking' during a heat wave this week... and sat their exams in a forest. Teachers at the school, in Jinzhou city in Hubei province, were worried their pupils might overheat during their end-of-term tests so they moved all tables and chairs outside. And not only did it allow the students to take their exams with a cool breeze on their backs but also made it harder to cheat, headmaster Luk Chien claimed. Hot desking: Teachers at the school, in Jinzhou city in Hubei province, were worried their pupils might overheat during their end-of-term tests so they moved all tables and chairs outside . Leaf it out: And not only did it allow the students . to take their exams with a cool breeze on their backs but it also made it . harder to cheat, headmaster Luk Chien claimed . The 56-year-old declared: 'Nature has . blessed us with beautiful weather - I suggest we show our appreciation . for it by going outside to enjoy the sunshine which will have a . nourishing effect on both bodies and minds!' Headmaster Chien went on: 'The outdoor aspect to exams is also good to prevent cheating. 'It is easier in an enclosed and crowded space for students who are tempted to be untruthful to copy or crib the answers from their friends. 'Outside we were able to space the desks much more widely apart and had a better overview. Nourishing: The school head told pupils nature had 'blessed us with beautiful weather' and suggested they show their 'appreciation by going outside to enjoy the sunshine which will have a nourishing effect on both bodies and minds' Outdoor space: Teachers claimed it was 'easier in an enclosed and crowded space for students who are tempted to be untruthful to copy or crib the answers from their friends' 'There is fresh air outdoors and the weather is fine in this season. Taking exams outdoors can also help the students feel healthier.' It went down well with students like Chen Fang, who said: 'I love this. In the past, we took the exams in a similar way, but we were just asked to move chairs outdoors to take the exams. 'It's quite uncomfortable to just sit on a chair and take an exam, but now we have moved the desks outdoors. It has become quite comfortable now.'
highlights: Teachers at the school, in Jinzhou city, moved whole classroom outside . They were worried that pupils might overheat as heat wave sweeps China . Bizarrely teachers claim sitting exams outside also help prevent cheating .
id: d3f301c8b1fdbf5ebcdefaa7b8c8c15a14333ebf
chatgpt: In the midst of a heat wave in China, teachers at a school in the city of Jinzhou have taken an unusual approach to promoting student wellness. Worried that their pupils might overheat in the stifling classroom temperatures, they have moved entire classrooms outdoors, setting up desks and chairs under the shelter of trees and tents.  The move, described by some as bizarre, has proved popular among both students and teachers. Students have welcomed the opportunity to work in a cooler environment, while teachers say that the new outdoor setup has resulted in calmer and more focused classroom settings.  But there is another rationale behind the decision to take the classroom outside. According to local reports, the teachers claim that sitting exams outside helps to prevent cheating. The theory is that, when students are exposed to natural surroundings and are drawing on their own resources to complete an exam, they are less likely to be tempted to cheat.  While the school’s approach may seem unconventional, it is not the first time that educators have turned to innovative methods to promote wellness and academic integrity. In recent years, schools around the world have experimented with everything from meditation and yoga to classroom pets and outdoor learning environments.  For example, in Finland, there has been a growing trend towards outdoor classrooms, where children spend most of the school day outside, even in the winter months. Meanwhile, in the United States, some schools have introduced therapy animals to relieve anxiety and improve cognitive performance.  The approach in Jinzhou, however, is unique. It remains to be seen whether it will catch on in other parts of China or beyond. Nevertheless, the school’s principal, Liu Xiaojing, says that she is pleased with the results so far. “Our students are happier and healthier, and they are more focused in the classroom,” she says. “We believe that this approach is helping us to promote a better learning environment for everyone.”  To be sure, there are challenges to taking the classroom outside. The sweltering heat of a Chinese summer can be unforgiving, and there are concerns around the impact of environmental factors on students’ ability to concentrate. Nevertheless, for the teachers and students at this school, the benefits seem to be outweighing the challenges.  At a time when schools around the world are grappling with unprecedented challenges, from the COVID-19 pandemic to budget cuts and curriculum reform, the Jinzhou school’s approach is a reminder that there are always creative solutions to be found. While not every school will be able to take the classroom outside, or introduce pets or meditation, there is great value in exploring new ways to promote student wellness and academic achievement.  As for the students in Jinzhou, they seem to be enjoying the experience. “It’s different and fun,” says one student. “And it’s definitely better than being stuck in a hot classroom all day.” With temperatures set to remain high for the coming weeks, it seems likely that the outdoor classroom experiment will continue. Who knows – it might even catch on elsewhere.