article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 03:52 EST, 8 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:26 EST, 8 May 2013 . A man due to stand trial for murder has escaped one of Russia’s most notorious prisons using a spoon and his bed sheets. Oleg Topalov, 32, accused of two counts of murder and illegal possession of firearms, broke out of maximum-security Matrosskaya Tishina jail in the early hours of Tuesday. Topalov, described as ‘mentally abnormal’ by prison staff, used a tablespoon to carve a hole into the ceiling of his cell at the Moscow prison and escaped through the ventilation vent, investigators said today. Daring escape: Oleg Topalov, due to stand trial for two counts of murder, escaped from the maximum security unit using a spoon and some bedsheets . Topalov is the fourth man in 20 years to escape from the infamous prison, and the first to break out of a detention centre in the Russian capital in 12 years. Guards at Matrosskaya Tishina discovered that Topalov was missing from the eight-person cell  around 5am Tuesday morning. 'It was established that Oleg Topalov used a spoon to scrape away the cement and brickwork from the wall of the ventilation shaft in his cell,' an investigator told Interfax. Matrosskaya Tishina opened in 1918 and although it has a reputation as one of the worst prisons in Russia, it is in desperate need of building maintenance, something which authorities say made it easy for Topalov to dig himself out. High security: Topalov is the fourth man in 20 years to escape from the infamous Matrosskaya Tishina prison, located in northern Moscow . ‘Because of the building being run-down, Topalov had no difficulty in widening the vent of the air-shaft, through which he got to the prison’s roof,’ Russian Federal Penitentiary Service representative Kristina Belousova told RIA Novosti. The escapee then jumped from the building’s roof into a neighbouring block before lowering himself to the ground using a rope he made from bed sheets. Moscow police have mobilised an extensive search, offering a ‘large reward’ for information which could lead to the capture of Topalov, from Sochi near the Georgian border. Topalov was due to appear in court accused of two counts of murder and illegal possession of firearms, and had been held on remand at Matrosskaya Tishina for a year-and-a-half before his escape.
highlights: Oleg Topalov, 32, escape from Moscow's infamous Matrosskaya Tishina jail . Used spoon to expand the ventilation vent and made a rope from sheets . Topalov was due to stand trial for murder and possessing illegal firearms . He is the first person to escape from a Moscow prison in 12 years .
id: 1d0b623525ee97428012f5a1c9fabbfaefff8055
chatgpt: In a daring escape that has left the authorities in Moscow shocked, Oleg Topalov, a 32-year-old man who was awaiting trial for murder and illegal firearms possession, has escaped from the infamous Matrosskaya Tishina jail. Topalov is the first person to escape from a Moscow prison in 12 years, leaving the authorities scrambling to find him. According to reports, Topalov used a spoon to slowly enlarge a ventilation vent in his cell, enabling him to climb out of it. He then used bedsheets to make a rope and was able to lower himself to the ground from the roof of the prison building. The escape has raised serious questions about the security measures in place at the prison, which is known for holding high-profile prisoners. Matrosskaya Tishina is considered one of the toughest and most secure prisons in Russia, but it appears that Topalov was able to find a flaw in the system and exploit it. The authorities have launched a massive manhunt for Topalov, but so far, he has not been found. It is feared that he may have already left the country, as he has connections to criminal organizations in other parts of the world. The escape has also sparked controversy in Russian society, with many people questioning how a person accused of such serious crimes could be allowed to escape from a highly secure prison. Some have blamed corruption within the prison system, while others have suggested that the authorities are simply not doing enough to keep dangerous criminals off the streets. The Russian government has promised a full investigation into the escape and has vowed to make changes to the prison system to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. However, many people remain skeptical, given the country's history of corruption and inefficiency. For now, the search for Topalov continues, with law enforcement agencies across the country on high alert. The escape has sent shockwaves through Russian society, and there is a growing sense of unease about the ability of the authorities to keep the public safe from dangerous criminals. Only time will tell what the ultimate consequences of this escape will be, both for Topalov and for the prison system in Russia as a whole.