article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- In an "unprecedented" reaction to internal Arab affairs, an Israeli official said the country is getting ready to absorb fleeing Syrian Alawites if the Bashar al-Assad regime falls. Israeli military chief of staff Benny Gantz told members of a Knesset committee that Alawites would be permitted to settle in Golan Heights, a spokesman for Knesset member Avi Dichter told CNN. The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control. It is home to 41,000 residents -- Jewish settlers, Druze and Alawites themselves. Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war, and it was eventually annexed. The remark reflects the Israeli military calculus that the embattled al-Assad regime is doomed and will soon disintegrate. The regime is dominated by Alawites, a heterodox offshoot of Shiite Islam. Sunnis represent the most populous religious group in the country and the heart of the opposition against the regime. For this reason, Israel believes Alawites are most likely to flee if a new government takes over, and many will head for the Golan. So, Israeli authorities want to prepare for that eventuality. Jonathan Spyer at the Global Research in International Affairs Center in Herzliya, Israel, said Defense Minister Ehud Barak also predicted late last year, to the same parliamentary panel, the foreign affairs and defense committee, that the fall of the Syrian government is imminent. Within weeks, he said. Spyer said the notion of taking in uprooted people from a neighboring Arab country is a drastic deviation to conventional Israeli policy, which traditionally calls for Israel not to get directly involved in such situations. He said it's the "first time Israel ever said anything of this kind." "It's quite strange to be honest with you in terms of Israel's more usual style, which is we don't get involved in the affairs of neighboring Arab countries," Spyer said. Spyer said he doesn't know on what Israel is basing its evidence. He said information he and other civilian researchers have culled indicates that the assessments are "very premature" "These latest statements seem to factor in this sense, which is the Israeli military intelligence assessment that this regime is clearly on its last leg," Spyer said. "Israeli talk of needing to look immediately at what's going to happen when Assad falls very soon is somewhat premature unless they know something that the rest of don't -- which is possible."
highlights: Alawites will be allowed to settle in Golan Heights, military chief says . The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israel's control . Taking in people from neighboring Arab counties deviates from Israeli policy .
id: 5410aa47c75ac2d1c624e386df332b251b031759
chatgpt: The Israeli military chief has announced that Alawites will now be allowed to settle in the Golan Heights, in a significant change in policy. The Golan Heights, which are located in the south-west of Syria, have been occupied by Israel since the 1967 Six-Day War, but are still regarded internationally as being Syrian territory. Despite the fact that Israel has maintained control over the area for over half a century, there has been little movement in terms of allowing non-Israeli nationals to settle in the Golan. However, the announcement by the military chief suggests that this policy is set to change. One of the key aspects of the new policy is that Alawites, who are a Shia minority group primarily based in Syria, will be permitted to settle in the Golan. This represents a significant shift in Israeli policy, as the country has traditionally been wary of taking in people from neighboring Arab countries. As such, this decision by the Israeli government has been met with both praise and criticism. On the one hand, some have argued that this move marks a significant step towards greater regional cooperation and unity. By allowing Alawites to settle in the Golan, Israel is demonstrating a willingness to work with people from different backgrounds and cultures. However, others have expressed concern about the implications of this new policy. Some have argued that it could provoke further tension and conflict with neighboring Arab countries, particularly given the ongoing political unrest in Syria. Despite these concerns, it is clear that the Israeli government is committed to pursuing a more inclusive and progressive policy towards the Golan Heights. For many years, the situation in the Golan has been a source of tension and conflict between Israel and its neighbors, particularly Syria. However, this new policy may help to ease tensions and pave the way towards a more stable and peaceful future for the region. By welcoming Alawites into the Golan, Israel is sending an important message about its commitment to building bridges with its neighbors and promoting greater regional cooperation. Only time will tell whether this new policy will be successful in achieving its goals. However, the fact that such a significant change in Israeli policy has been announced is undoubtedly a positive step forward for the region as a whole.