article: Two Mexican nationals were arrested in south Texas yesterday in connection to the December Target credit card breach which compromised the personal bank information of an estimated 100million customers. McAllen, Texas police arrested 27-year-old Mary Carmen Garcia and 28-year-old Daniel Guardiola Dominguez as they were trying to cross into the U.S. from Reynosa, Mexico. Both are from Monterrey, Mexico. Police say the couple crossed into the U.S. last weekend with 100 fraudulent cards and spent tens of thousands of dollars and brought an addition 96 cards with them on Sunday. Arrested: Police arrested 27-year-old Mary Carmen Garcia (left) and 28-year-old Daniel Guardiola Dominguez (right)  trying to cross into the U.S. Sunday with credit card information believed to have been acquired in a December security breach of Target . Loot: Garcia and Dominguez's mugshots are displayed on a poster board behind dozens of credits cards found on them as they attempted to enter the country from Mexico on Sunday . The credit cards they were carrying are believed to contain information obtained in the Target secuirty breach last month, which resulted in the release of credit and debit card information belonging to 40 million customers and the account and personal information of an additional 70 million customers. The credit cards Garcia and Dominguez were carrying were from Mexican banks but contained the account information of south Texas residents. Chief Victor Rodriguez of the McAllen Police Department told The Monitor they already had warrants on the couple so when they tried to cross the Anzalduas International Bridge, they were arrested on the spot. Fraud: An estimated 100million Target customers had their credit and debit card information released in a breach of the retail chain last month . But police believe Garcia and Dominquez are just two of a larger group out to exploit the stolen credit cards. 'Every day that goes by we think that the Target breach data may be devaluating so there will be more pressure to capitalize on them sooner rather than later,' Chief Rodriguez told KGBT. More information on the couple will be released after formal charges are filed.
highlights: McAllen, Texas Police arrested Mary Carmen Garcia, 27, and Daniel Guardiola Dominguez, 28, on Sunday . The couple were crossing into the U.S. with credit cards believed to contain stolen account information from Target customers . An estimated 100million Target customers had their personal information released in a December security breach .
id: 38ef6ec56eed520d54c5a0e87e0317e2cfb8a52d
chatgpt: McAllen, Texas – On Sunday, police in McAllen, Texas arrested a couple, Mary Carmen Garcia, 27, and Daniel Guardiola Dominguez, 28, on charges of credit card fraud after they were caught attempting to cross into the United States with credit cards believed to contain stolen account information from Target customers. This comes as another setback for Target which recently suffered a massive security breach that affected an estimated 100 million customers. The arrest is the first of its kind since the security breach was announced last December. According to police reports, the couple had been crossing the border at the Anzalduas Bridge near McAllen, Texas on foot when they were spotted by agents from U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The agents searched them and found 96 credit cards with the stolen information belonging to Target customers. The McAllen, Texas police department was immediately alerted, and the couple was arrested and charged with fraud and theft, after which they were arraigned and pleaded not guilty. They are currently being held in custody while their case is investigated. The case is large and complicated as the couple allegedly used the stolen information from Target to buy and resell goods, a common tactic in credit card fraud. The police have urged any other victims to come forward with information which could help them build a stronger case against the couple. The news of their arrest has only escalated the situation for Target, which has been under intense scrutiny since the breach first became public. The company has been working hard to repair its image and regain the trust of its customers. Security experts have stressed that the breach should serve as a wake-up call to retailers and other companies to strengthen their security protocols and protect their customers' data. The financial implications of such a breach can often be severe for both businesses and individuals. In conclusion, the arrest of Mary Carmen Garcia and Daniel Guardiola Dominguez for fraud and theft of Target customer’s credit card data, has highlighted the dangers associated with data breaches and credit card fraud. As the investigation continues, Target and other retailers will likely face increased pressure to take steps to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.