article: Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A left-leaning website that union supporters used to rally protesters in Wisconsin was partially blocked as demonstrators gathered in the state Capitol over a controversial budget bill. The website, defendwisconsin.org, could not be accessed on Monday and into Tuesday morning in the Capitol building, where crowds assembled over proposed legislation that would increase the costs of benefits to public employees and curb their collective-bargaining rights. Wisconsin Democratic Party press secretary Graeme Zielinski blamed Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers -- who returned to work Tuesday -- for causing the outage. "In a direct assault on the First Amendment, Scott Walker's administration is blocking access in the Wisconsin Capitol to opposition websites," Zielinski said. The governor's spokesman, Cullen Werwie, responded Tuesday, calling the accusation "a lie." "The Department of Administration blocks all new websites shortly after they are created, until they go through a software approval program that unblocks them," Werwie said. "Within 30 minutes of being notified this website was blocked, DOA circumvented the software and immediately made the website accessible." He said, "The Democratic Party should spend less time lying about Gov. Walker and more time trying to get their AWOL state senators back to Wisconsin," referring to Democratic efforts to prevent a quorum in the Senate. The Capitol internet service, which restricts access to certain websites considered inappropriate for lawmakers, revealed a "blocked page" when users tried to access the site using the building's wireless system. Users were able to access the site elsewhere. The outage comes on the heels of a speech by Walker, who defended the budget proposal and criticized unions for squandering state coffers and impeding fiscal reform. "We're broke," he told reporters Monday. "You really can't negotiate when you don't have money to negotiate with." Unions have argued that collective bargaining -- a process of negotiations meant to regulate working conditions -- has helped protect wages and health care, enforce workplace safety and serve as a means to arbitrate employee grievances. The budget-repair bill, proposed by Walker to address a $137 million shortfall through June 30, would increase contributions of state workers to their pensions and health insurance benefits. It requires collective-bargaining units to conduct annual votes to maintain certification. It also eliminates the right of unions to have dues deducted from worker paychecks. Walker warned that not passing the proposed bill would result in at least 1,500 government employees being laid off in the short term and could result in the layoffs of upward of 6,000 workers in the following budget cycle. Last week, 14 Democratic state senators essentially boycotted the Legislature and went to Illinois to prevent a quorum from passing the bill. The measure's opponents said they won't allow a vote unless Walker negotiates on the plan to eliminate collective-bargaining rights for everything but wages. CNN's Chris Welch contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Governor's spokesman calls the accusation "a lie" NEW: Spokesman calls blockage temporary, routine for new sites . Democrats blame Republicans for blocking pro-union website in the state Capitol . Defendwisconsin.org could not be accessed in the Capitol on Monday, early Tuesday .
id: 92f25ef1b712f14c0eaaaa475dce88425a626c14
chatgpt: Democrats in Wisconsin are accusing Republicans of trying to censor a pro-union website in the state Capitol. Defendwisconsin.org, a website dedicated to promoting workers' rights and union protection, was blocked in the Capitol on Monday and early Tuesday. The Democratic Party of Wisconsin immediately pointed the finger at their Republican counterparts, claiming that the blockage of the website was an attempt by the GOP to silence union supporters in the state. The website's supporters also expressed concern over the move, noting that access to the website is critical for those in the state who support workers' rights. The website's blockage came just days after Republican Gov. Scott Walker signed legislation that stripped public-sector unions of most of their collective bargaining rights. Democrats and union supporters have launched a campaign to recall Gov. Walker, and some have criticized his administration for what they see as anti-union policies. A spokesperson for Gov. Walker denied the accusations, calling them "a lie" and insisting that the site had been blocked temporarily and as part of routine procedures for new sites. The spokesperson did not elaborate on what those procedures entailed or why the site was deemed to be a "new" site. The blockage of Defendwisconsin.org has raised concerns among those who support free speech and open access to information. Many are worried that such moves could stifle legitimate debate and limit access to important information. "It's deeply concerning that the governor's administration would try to block this website," said Joe Zepecki, a spokesperson for the Democratic Party of Wisconsin. "This is a clear attempt to silence voices in the state who don't agree with the governor's anti-worker agenda." Others pointed out that the move could backfire, drawing attention to the website and spurring more people to visit it. Defendwisconsin.org has already seen a significant increase in traffic since news of the blockage broke. "It's ironic that the governor's administration would try to block a website promoting workers' rights," said Bill Savage, a union organizer in the state. "All they've done is prove the importance of the site and make more people aware of it." As of Tuesday afternoon, the website was accessible again in the Capitol. However, the incident has sparked a larger debate over free speech and government censorship in Wisconsin. "This is not about one website," said Zepecki. "This is about the larger issue of free speech and access to information. We need to ensure that all voices are heard and that legitimate debate is not stifled by government action." The controversy over Defendwisconsin.org is likely to continue, as both sides seek to make their voices heard on the issue. For now, however, the website remains accessible in the state Capitol, and supporters of workers' rights are hopeful that their message will continue to reach a wider audience.