article: (CNN) -- Jorge Lorenzo set up a thrilling last race finale with MotoGP title leader Marc Marquez by claiming the Japanese Grand Prix Sunday at Motegi. Defending champion Lorenzo led from start to finish on his Yamaha to relegate Marquez and his Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa to second and third places. It has cut Marquez's lead to just 13 points ahead of the final round in Valencia in a fortnight, the first time in seven years the title will be at stake at this stage of the season. "Until we finish racing we know the championship is not over. I'm not the leading rider so it's not all up to me, " Lorenzo told the official MotoGP website. "I am the rider with the most victories in 2013 and that's very important." added the Spaniard, who was wrapping up his 51st career victory and seventh of the season. Marquez, who was disqualified in the previous round in Australia for delaying a mandatory tire change, will be looking to seal the title in his debut season, but had to settle for second in Honda's home race. "I felt I was too much on the limit and I said 'Ok, I'll take 20 points for the championship," he said. The race was run off in dry conditions at Motegi after rain and fog had hit practice and qualifying, but Lorenzo was dominant from the start although teammate Valentino Rossi dropped back after early mistakes. Italian legend Rossi fought back to finish sixth with Alavaro Bautista and Stefan Bradl ahead of him in fourth and fifth. Marquez, just 20, will go into the race in Spain needing to finish fourth or better to become the youngest winner of motorcycling's premier class. He finished just over three seconds behind Lorenzo, shaking off a nasty crash in morning practice which he blamed on a cold tire and change of track temperature.
highlights: Jorge Lorenzo wins Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi . Cuts gap on title leader Marc Marquez to 13 points . Championship will be decided in final round in Valencia . Marquez bidding to become youngest MotoGP champion .
id: 5ac1d354ff79a298b90be0e4d403f5f6466529f2
chatgpt: Spanish rider Jorge Lorenzo has won the Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi, as he bids to win his fourth MotoGP world championship. This victory reduces the gap between him and current title leader, fellow Spaniard Marc Marquez, to just 13 points with one race remaining in the season.  Lorenzo made a faultless start to the race and never lost his lead. Marquez, who has been in impressive form throughout the season, finished in second place after a thrilling battle with Andrea Dovizioso. Although the young Honda rider didn't win this time, he remains well-placed to become the youngest champion in MotoGP history. The Japanese Grand Prix was a crucial race for both riders as they battled it out for supremacy in the championship standings. Lorenzo, who has won three world championships before, had already shown his determination by winning the San Marino Grand Prix in September. He has been in good form in the latter half of the season and this victory puts further pressure on his teammate Marquez. The championship now moves onto the final round in Valencia, where Lorenzo and Marquez will continue their thrilling duel for the title. With only 13 points separating the two riders, the title race is too close to call and promises to provide an exciting climax to the season. Lorenzo will face a tough challenge in Valencia, as Marquez has been in incredible form this season. The young Spaniard has already won six races and will be hoping to add to his tally at his home Grand Prix. However, Lorenzo has the experience and talent to win under pressure and knows that a win in Valencia will be enough to secure him the championship. This season has been one of the closest in recent memory with multiple riders in contention for the championship. However, as the season comes to a close, it looks like it will be a two-horse race between Lorenzo and Marquez. The final round in Valencia is set to be an epic battle as two of the best riders in the world go head-to-head for the ultimate prize in MotoGP.