article: Early this morning, two high energy proton beams crossed at the Large Hadron Collider, breaking the world record for energy in such collisions. The 8 TeV (teraelectronvolt) collisions mark the start of the 'end game' for the Hadron Collider's hunt for the Higgs boson, the ‘God particle’ that would complete Albert Einstein's theory of the universe. As the LHC's crew declared 'stable beams' it marks the start of a year of experiments that will either find or rule out the existence of the particle. The LHC is now scheduled to run until the end of 2012, when it will go into its first long shutdown. Scientists are confident the Higgs will be found or ruled out before that point . 'The experience of two good years of running at 3.5 TeV per beam gave us the confidence to increase the energy for this year without any significant risk to the machine,' explained CERN1’s Director for Accelerators and Technology, Steve Myers. 'Now it’s over to the experiments to make the best of the increased discovery potential we’re delivering them!' Higgs particles, if they exist, will  be produced more copiously at 8 TeV than at 7 TeV - the previous operating power of the machine - but background processes that mimic the Higgs signal will also increase. That means that the full year’s running will still be necessary to convert the tantalising hints seen in 2011 into a discovery, or to rule out the Standard Model Higgs particle altogether. 'The increase in energy is all about maximising the discovery potential of the LHC,' said CERN Research Director Sergio Bertolucci. 'And in that respect, 2012 looks set to be a vintage year for particle physics.' As the LHC's crew declared 'stable beams' it marks the start of a year of experiments that will either find or rule out the existence of the particle . The LHC is now scheduled to run until the end of 2012, when it will go into its first long shutdown in preparation for running at an energy of 6.5 TeV per beam as of late 2014, with the ultimate goal of ramping up to the full design energy of 7 TeV. 'By the time the LHC goes into its first long stop at the end of this . year, we will either know that a Higgs particle exists or have ruled out . the existence of a Standard Model Higgs,' said CERN’s Research . Director, Sergio Bertolucci in an earlier interview. 'Either would be a major advance in our . exploration of nature, bringing us closer to understanding how the . fundamental particles acquire their mass, and marking the beginning of a . new chapter in particle physics.'
highlights: Two high-energy proton beams hit energy record . Start of year of experiments to find - or rule out - the Higgs boson . Particle will complete Einstein's theory of the universe .
id: 689ea79cc3328421e7a00e257e627de080ba4e1d
chatgpt: Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Geneva are celebrating after two separate proton beams hit an energy record of 3.5 tera electron volts (TeV). The milestone was achieved as the LHC began its year of experiments to discover or rule out the existence of the elusive Higgs boson. This particle, which is predicted by the so-called Standard Model of particle physics, is believed to complete Einstein's theory of the universe. The Higgs boson is thought to be responsible for giving particles mass, which is a fundamental property of matter. However, the particle has never been observed directly, and scientists are keen to find it in order to validate the Standard Model. If the Higgs boson is not found, it would mean that there is something fundamentally wrong with the model, and new theories would be needed to explain how the universe works. The protons in the LHC are accelerated to extremely high speeds and then smashed into each other. The collisions produce a shower of smaller particles, which scientists study in order to learn more about their properties. The collisions are an important tool for exploring the fundamental building blocks of matter and understanding how they interact. The LHC is the largest and most powerful particle accelerator in the world, and it has been used to make a number of important discoveries. However, the search for the Higgs boson has been one of the most important and elusive challenges for scientists at the facility. The particle is believed to have a very short lifespan, and scientists need to be able to detect it in order to prove its existence. The record-breaking proton collisions are just the start of a year of experiments at the LHC. Scientists will continue to study the properties of particles in order to learn more about their behavior and interaction. The experiments may also reveal new particles or phenomena that are yet to be discovered. The discovery of the Higgs boson would be a major milestone in our understanding of the universe. It would validate the Standard Model of particle physics, which has been incredibly successful in explaining the properties of particles and their interactions. It would also complete Einstein's theory of the universe, which describes the behavior of matter and energy at the largest scales. However, the search for the Higgs boson is a difficult and challenging task. Scientists must sift through vast amounts of data in order to find the tell-tale signs of the particle's existence. Even a small glimpse of the Higgs boson would be enough to confirm its existence and validate the Standard Model. Despite the challenges, scientists at the LHC are confident that they will find the Higgs boson. The record-breaking collisions are a key step in the search, and the experiments of the coming year will bring us closer to the elusive particle. Whether or not the Higgs boson is discovered, the work of the LHC is helping us to better understand the fundamental nature of the universe, and to answer some of the greatest questions in science.