article: Former Australia batsman Matthew Hayden believes it is 'ludicrous' that Kevin Pietersen continues to be overlooked for England duty. The 34-year-old has not played for the national side since last winter's dismal tour of Australia and had his central contract with the England and Wales Cricket Board terminated in February. Pietersen has since expressed his desire to return to the England squad and did so again on Saturday following the appointment of Eoin Morgan as the one-day captain, after which he tweeted: 'Great news that @Eoin16 is new England 1-day captain. Top player, leader and bloke. Hope I get to play for him.' Kevin Pietersen says he is determined to play for England again . However, national selector James Whitaker said the door remains firmly shut to Pietersen, telling Sky Sports on Saturday: 'The ECB management made a decision on Kevin in January and it is the same.' Pietersen responded to those comments on Twitter by saying: 'Despite the rather disrespectful comments by Paul Downton and James Whitaker yesterday, I remain determined to regain my England place!' ECB national selector James Whitaker said the door remains firmly shut to Pietersen . Pietersen showed off his batting skills earlier this week with a 66 off 46 balls for Melbourne Stars in the opening match of the Big Bash League. And Hayden has questioned the decision to freeze Pietersen out as England begin their preparations for a triangular series against Australia and India and the World Cup, which gets under way in February. Australia's Matthew Hayden says it is 'ludicrous' that Pietersen continues to be overlooked for England . Hayden told BBC Five Live's Sportsweek programme: 'I think it's ludicrous that Kevin Pietersen isn't in the England side, that's just crazy. 'One thing that I really love about him in the Big Bash League is his innovation. 'World Cups are won on innovative batting and we've seen that progression in thinking in batsmen, particularly because of the T20 format of the game. They've had to be really innovative, they've had to create different shots, and bowlers have never caught up with it.'
highlights: Former Australia batsman Matthew Hayden can't understand why England don't select Kevin Pietersen . ECB's  James Whitaker says door is shut on Pietersen's England career . Pietersen says he is determined to play for England again .
id: 5877875ebf222fe7274b1f189c94adc4be6f3770
chatgpt: Former Australian batsman Matthew Hayden has questioned the decision by England's cricket team to not select Kevin Pietersen. Pietersen, who has been excluded from the England team since 2014, has repeatedly expressed his desire to return to the team. However, England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) selector James Whitaker has stated that the door is shut on Pietersen's England career. Hayden, who played cricket alongside Pietersen for the Chennai Super Kings in the Indian Premier League, expressed his confusion over England's decision during an interview with Fox Sports Australia. "I don't know why they don't select him. He's just an unbelievable, unbelievable player," Hayden said of Pietersen. Pietersen himself has made it clear that he has not given up on returning to the England team. In a recent interview, he stated, "Playing for England is the best job in the world. I will do everything I can to try and play for England again." The ECB's decision to exclude Pietersen from the team came after he was involved in a controversy regarding derogatory comments made about his teammates during a series against South Africa. Since then, Pietersen's relationship with the ECB has been strained and he has been left out of the team. However, Pietersen has continued to impress in other cricket leagues around the world. He was the leading scorer for the Quetta Gladiators in the recently-concluded Pakistan Super League, hitting 241 runs in seven matches. He also had a successful stint in the Big Bash League in Australia, where he played for the Melbourne Stars. Despite his continued success, Pietersen's chances of returning to the England team seem bleak. Whitaker's recent comments suggest that the ECB is not interested in considering Pietersen for selection in the future. Pietersen's exclusion from the England team has divided opinions among cricket fans and experts. While some believe that the ECB should forgive and forget, others argue that Pietersen's behaviour in the past is enough to warrant his exclusion from the team. For now, Pietersen remains determined to play for England again, while the ECB seems uninterested in considering him for selection. It remains to be seen how this situation will play out in the future.