article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 10:37 EST, 28 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:20 EST, 28 October 2013 . Many women like a big rock to help seal the marriage deal, but one Chinese bride wanted a particularly large one. One she could climb. Fang Jing and her husband-to-be Lu Zhao decided that for their wedding photographs they should pose hundreds of metres above the ground on a cliff face. Rock off: Fang Jing (right), dangles next to her husband hundreds of metres from the ground . Wed alert: The unusual photo shoot took place in Liuzhou, in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region . The pair met while climbing together and when they decided to marry arranged for the photographer, also a mountain climbing enthusiast, to join them on the cliff face for a full set of photographs in Liuzhou, in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. Fang and her husband were snapped for more than three hours as they hung by ropes on the mountain side and dangled in the air. The couple explained that they’re both devoted fans of outdoors sports and that they’d also considered trying other extreme sports before finally settling on climbing, which they both like the most. Brave: The couple are both fans of outdoor sports - but love rock climbing the most . All the wedding gear was transported to the location and the pair changed on the spot . All the wedding gear was transported to the climbing location and the couple got dressed on the spot for the shoot. The photographer, Long Tien, caught in these pictures taking the snaps suspended from a rope, said: ‘I do like rock climbing but not quite at the level of this pair. It was a bit nerve-racking being suspended by ropes and I've never really done such a difficult one before, but the pictures really worked out well. ‘I am just glad they didn't go for a full family group, it was bad enough with two of them without trying to fit another dozen people in and getting them to smile at the same time.’ He added that at the end of the day it had been good fun and if another rock-climbing pair wanted the same treatment he'd be happy to oblige. Most couples wouldn't opt for a rocky start to their marriage, but Fang Jing and her husband-to-be Lu Zhao were in their element .
highlights: Fang Jing and husband-to-be Lu Zhao were snapped in Liuzhou in China . They were photographed for more than three hours in their wedding gear .
id: 48c9ae3063ca4b635df9688584ca8436d82e928f
chatgpt: Over the weekend, Fang Jing and Lu Zhao were spotted in their wedding outfits in Liuzhou, China. The couple, who are set to tie the knot soon, were photographed for over three hours by passersby who couldn't help but admire the beauty of their gowns. Fang Jing, a long-time resident of Liuzhou, was dressed in a traditional red qipao adorned with intricate gold embroidery. Meanwhile, her fiancé, Lu Zhao, wore a sleek black and white tuxedo with a bow tie. The pair looked absolutely stunning as they posed for the camera while strolling through the bustling streets of the city. Their photos gained instant attention on social media, drawing hundreds of likes and comments. Many netizens praised the couple for their impeccable style, remarking how they looked straight out of a fashion magazine. "I can't believe how gorgeous they look! Fang Jing's dress is stunning," wrote one user. Others admired the couple's choice of location for the shoot, with Liuzhou's picturesque streets and architecture serving as the perfect backdrop for their romantic portraits. Fang Jing and Lu Zhao's engagement has been heavily anticipated by their friends and family, as well as the local community. The couple have been together for several years and their upcoming nuptials have been the talk of the town for months. Despite the challenges posed by the ongoing pandemic, Fang Jing and Lu Zhao have managed to keep their spirits up and remain excited about their big day. Like many other couples around the world, they have had to adjust their plans and make alternative arrangements to accommodate the necessary safety measures. However, the sight of the couple in their wedding attire has brought a much-needed sense of joy and hope to the local community. "I'm so happy to see Fang Jing and Lu Zhao looking so happy and in love. It reminds us all that even in uncertain times, there are still things to celebrate and look forward to," said one of their friends. Fang Jing and Lu Zhao's wedding date is yet to be announced, but one thing is for sure – they are sure to be the epitome of style and grace on their special day.