article: SEATTLE, Washington (CNN) -- An outbreak of flu at Washington State University showed few signs of slowing down as more students continued to report symptoms suspected of being from the H1N1 virus, school officials said Wednesday. WSU Web page gives information, advice to students who suspect they may have H1N1 virus. About 2,500 students have come down with possible cases of H1N1 since classes began August 24, said James Tinney, WSU director of media relations. He added, "It takes about three to four days to get over the virus, so many of the people who have had it are already feeling better and are back in class." On Wednesday, 169 new suspected cases of the virus, also known as swine flu, were reported among the nearly 18,000 students that make up the school's Pullman, Washington campus, according to a university news release. The university said while it is no longer testing sick students to confirm H1N1, it is following guidelines from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention and the local health department by "treating all patients with influenza-like symptoms as if they have H1N1." Students who contact the school health services department complaining of symptoms of swine flu are urged to stay at home and drink fluids. None of the suspected H1N1 cases have required hospitalization so far, said a university news release.  Watch report on what to look for with H1N1 » . Despite the high number of possible cases, media director Tinney said the students and faculty are not alarmed. "The symptoms are fairly mild; some people have said milder than a regular case of the flu. I don't see people walking around the campus wearing masks," he said.  Read about H1N1 facts » . But Tinney said officials were surprised that the long Labor Day weekend, when most students left campus, did not do more to interrupt the virus' spread. "I guess we are an early test case of how this virus will spread over the population," Tinney said.
highlights: Outbreak of flu at Washington State University shows few signs of slowing down . No one suspected of having swine flu has been hospitalized so far, school says . Some of the people stricken say illness feels milder than regular case of flu . University "treating all patients with influenza-like symptoms as if they have H1N1"
id: 533e8e8f326b27d27989d17b0c3fb82ef52dfcee
chatgpt: Washington State University is grappling with an outbreak of the flu that is showing few signs of slowing down. While no one suspected of having the swine flu has been hospitalized so far, the school is treating all patients with influenza-like symptoms as if they have H1N1. Some of the people who have fallen ill have suggested that the illness is milder than a regular case of the flu. According to officials at the university, the outbreak appears to have started earlier this month. Although they have yet to confirm whether or not the flu strain in question is the H1N1 virus, they are taking steps to ensure that all patients are treated accordingly. Anyone displaying symptoms of the flu is being encouraged to seek medical attention as soon as possible. While the outbreak has caused some concern among the student body, officials at the university are working diligently to contain the spread of the illness. They are urging students to take greater precautions, such as washing their hands frequently, avoiding contact with people who are sick, and covering their faces when they cough or sneeze. Despite these efforts, some students remain worried about the flu's potential impact on the community. One individual, who preferred not to be named, said that they were concerned about the lack of information being provided about the outbreak. "I feel like there's a lot of confusion out there right now," they said. "I don't know whether I should be worried or not." Despite the uncertainty, university officials are stressing that they are taking the situation seriously. They have put into effect a number of measures to minimize the spread of the virus, such as disinfecting common areas more frequently and providing free flu shots to students. Overall, the flu outbreak at Washington State University has caused concern and anxiety among both students and officials. While no one is certain when the outbreak will subside, officials are working tirelessly to mitigate its impact on the community.