article: Roy Hodgson allayed fitness concerns over captain Steven Gerrard ahead of the start of the World Cup. England begin their campaign against Italy in Manaus on Saturday and part of the build-up has been centred on fitness issues. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain injured his knee against Ecuador last week, while there were reports that Gerrard has been complaining of a tight groin. VIDEO Scroll down for the latest update from England manager Roy Hodgson . Fighting back: Roy Hodgson is hopeful Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will be fit to face Uruguay . Confused: Hodgson was quick to allay fears that Steven Gerrard was an injury doubt for Italy . Recuperation: Oxlade-Chamberlain (left) relaxes with his leg in a compression cast . he former has been stepping up his work on the training field over recent days and, according to Hodgson, there are no worries about the latter. 'We did a training session on Monday where the players who didn't play on Saturday (against Honduras) trained, and some of the others did a warm-down session,' he said. 'Steven did some extra work at the end of that training session. There's nothing wrong with him and I don't understand that story at all.' On Oxlade-Chamberlain he said: 'He's done very well and will work on his training programme during the course of the week.' No problems: Steven Gerrard seemed to be in good condition as he went through his paces in Brazil . Nearly time: Adam Lallana (left) and Daniel Sturridge prepare for England's training session on Tuesday . Anticipation: Hodgson seemed in a relaxed mood during his England press conference . Prepared: Steven Gerrard (left) and Daniel Sturridge head back to the team bus ahead of training . Fit: Gerrard (centre) goes through some stretches during an England training session . Safe: The England players were given a police escort for the journey between hotel and training ground . With the Italy game now four days away, the hype is increasing but Hodgson will not be giving away any team secrets. 'I don't intend on giving too much away, other than what I've said on that - that it's good to have options and choices,' he said. Hodgson has taken a young squad to Brazil and added: 'It's very exciting. We have a lot of potential but before we build people up too much and say how good they are, let's see some performances. 'I'm not trying to play down that the future is bright but what I'm saying is we are also going to need our experienced players.' Three Lions: Hodgson speaks, backdropped by images of England players at the Urca military base in Rio . Talent: Ross Barkley walks to the bus as England head to their Tuesday training session . What's up, boss? Frank Lampard (right) chats with England boss Hodgson . All smiles: Gary Neville (left) shares a joke with James Milner as rain teams down in Rio De Janeiro . Veteran: Lampard looks set for a place on the bench for England's World Cup opener against Brazil .
highlights: Roy Hodgson reveals Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could be fit to face Uruguay . Steven Gerrard is fit and ready for England's opener against Italy . Hodgson says having a young squad for Brazil is 'very exciting' England kick-off their World Cup campaign against Italy on Saturday .
id: a2c04d70a7b0e6d6b2a427733a7c45b2e8803a2a
chatgpt: With just days to go before the start of the World Cup, England manager Roy Hodgson has revealed that midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could be fit to face Uruguay. Speaking to reporters at the team's hotel in Rio de Janeiro, Hodgson said that Oxlade-Chamberlain had made "remarkable progress" in his recovery from a knee injury and could play a part in England's second group game. "Alex has made a fantastic recovery and we're very hopeful that he will be available for the Uruguay game," Hodgson said. "He's worked extremely hard with our medical team and we'll continue to monitor his progress over the coming days." Oxlade-Chamberlain suffered the injury during England's warm-up game against Ecuador last month and was initially expected to miss the entire tournament. However, his rehabilitation has gone well and he is now in contention for a starting berth against Uruguay. Hodgson also confirmed that captain Steven Gerrard was fit and ready for England's opening game against Italy on Saturday. Gerrard had been struggling with a groin injury but appeared to have recovered in time for the tournament. "Steven is a fantastic captain and a fantastic player," Hodgson said. "He's been training well this week and he's fully fit and ready to go." Hodgson went on to say that he was excited about the prospect of leading a young England squad to Brazil. "We've got a lot of young players who are chomping at the bit to get out there and show what they can do," he said. "It's a very exciting time for us and we're all looking forward to the challenge." England's squad is the third youngest at the tournament, with an average age of just 26.6 years. The likes of Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge and Ross Barkley are all expected to play key roles in the team's World Cup campaign. Despite having a young squad, Hodgson is confident that his players have what it takes to compete on the international stage. "We've got a great group of players who are all passionate about representing their country," he said. "They're all hungry to succeed and I believe that they have the ability to do so." England begin their World Cup campaign against Italy on Saturday in Manaus. The team will then face Uruguay on June 19 before rounding off their group stage fixtures against Costa Rica on June 24. The Three Lions will be hoping to improve on their lacklustre performance at the last World Cup in South Africa, where they were knocked out in the second round by Germany. With a young and hungry squad, however, Hodgson's men will be hoping to make an impact in Brazil and bring the World Cup back to England for the first time since 1966.