article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 1:51 AM on 20th September 2011 . A rescue donkey spray painted to look like a zebra has got the spring back in his trot after being cleaned up. Ant was no doubt left confused after thugs broke into into Sussex Horse Rescue Trust in Uckfield and spent 20 minutes spray painting the hapless animal with black and white stripes. At 30 years old Ant was a vicious target for the thugs as the paint left his skin irritated and sore. Back to black: Yard-hand Helen Bullimore said Ant has got the spring in his step back after getting cleaned up . White stripes: Ant the donkey has been transformed into a zebra after pranksters spent 20 minutes painting him . ‘I noticed something was wrong when a . zebra came in for a feed instead of a donkey,’ said Felix Green of the . Sussex Horse Rescue Trust, in Uckfield, Sussex. ‘We did not see who did it so it must . have happened sometime overnight. It must have taken the person who did . it at least 20 minutes to paint it. He is not in pain but it really . smells.’ Mr Green said another donkey, Pedro, had an ‘obscene image’ painted on his side. He said: ‘We think they were targeted randomly as there are a lot of donkeys there.’ Traumatic experience: Ant was spray painted by vandals to look like a zebra, now he has been returned to normal . Painting donkeys to look like zebras has happened before. In 2009, a zoo in Gaza found a clever . way to beat Israeli restrictions on animal imports by dyeing two donkeys . so they looked like zebras. An RSPCA spokesman said the attack was . not amusing: ‘It’s shocking people would think it was funny to paint a . donkey. It can irritate their skin and affect their breathing.’ Sussex Police said they are investigating the incident. Extreme makeover: While some may find Ant's new makeover amusing, the RSPCA has said it is a form of abuse which is not funny . Taped up: Palestinian zoo workers tape a donkey in order to paint it to look like a zebra because they cannot afford to buy a real one because of import restrictions .
highlights: 30-year-old Ant was covered in black and white stripes by vicious vandals .
id: cb90be1a3da06578397be31b78a87147305da06e
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, 30-year-old Ant was stripped of his dignity when he was covered in black and white stripes by unknown vandals in the dead of the night. According to sources, Ant was on his way home from work when he was attacked by a group of individuals who were seemingly motivated by a misguided sense of fun. The incident took place on a quiet street in a suburban neighborhood, leaving Ant traumatized and humiliated. Eyewitnesses reported seeing Ant frantically trying to wash the paint off his clothing and body before being rushed to a nearby hospital for medical attention. The victim was said to be in a state of shock and disbelief over what had just happened to him. Speaking to the media, a spokesperson for the local police department has condemned the act of violence, stating that such behavior will not be tolerated in the community. The spokesperson also added that the police are actively investigating the incident and are confident of identifying and apprehending the perpetrators. Meanwhile, social media has been abuzz with messages of support for Ant, with many people expressing their outrage and concern over the incident. Some have even started fundraising campaigns to help Ant with his medical bills and expenses. The incident has sparked a debate over the increasing trend of senseless acts of violence in society. Many have questioned the actions of the vandals, wondering what could have motivated them to commit such a heinous crime. This incident also highlights the need for stricter laws and harsher punishments for those who engage in such acts of violence. It is imperative for the community to come together and stand up against such senseless acts of aggression to ensure the safety and well-being of all individuals. As Ant continues to recover from this traumatic incident, it is important to remember that such acts of violence have no place in a civilized society. Let us come together and spread the message of love and compassion, and condemn such actions in the strongest possible terms.