article: (CNN) -- Residents of a Belleville, Illinois, neighborhood were still shaken Monday after a small plane crashed the day before, killing two aboard and destroying a house. "I think everybody is still in shock," said Deah Bischoff, who lives near the site of the crash. "I think we're all just walking around and looking and trying to absorb what happened." The single-engine plane crashed about 6:30 p.m. Sunday, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. No one on the ground was hurt, the FAA said. The National Transportation Safety Board had no comment on its investigation into the crash before a news conference Monday afternoon. The wreckage site is adjacent to an airstrip, but the pilot was heading for St. Louis Downtown Airport, about six miles away, according to the FAA. Residents near the airstrip are accustomed to planes in the neighborhood. Many can park their private planes in hangars adjacent to their homes. They're like garages for cars, except they're hangars for planes, said Bischoff, who, along with her husband, owns a few antique aircraft. But the familiar sound of a plane overhead this time was menacing. Bischoff said she was eating dinner with her husband and children when she heard a loud screeching. "It shook our house, and the next thing you knew, there was a large boom," she said. The plane also hit the house's hangar, which sheltered two planes, Bischoff said. Explosions erupted, and they watched as flames shot into the air. Bischoff's husband, Roy, ran out with other neighbors to check on the couple living in the crushed house, she said. The couple was out to dinner, she said. Neighbors saved the three Labrador retrievers inside, Roy Bischoff said. But he wished he could have saved the two people aboard the plane, he said. "There was almost nothing, there was no recognizable part of an airplane around," he said. The crash could have been even worse, Deah Bischoff said. Of the houses close by, the neighbor's home was the only one with no people inside at the time of the crash, she said. CNN's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report.
highlights: Two aboard single-engine plane died; no one on the ground was hurt, FAA says . FAA: Wreckage site is near airstrip, but pilot was headed to airport about 6 miles away . Neighborhood residents can park private planes in hangars adjacent to their homes . Residents of house not at home at time of crash; 3 dogs rescued .
id: 8dae81cf15509ef6811f38591951781c1a4ab6d9
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a quiet neighborhood in California on Tuesday when a single-engine plane crashed, killing both individuals on board. According to the FAA, the wreckage site was discovered near an airstrip in the community, but the plane was reportedly headed to an airport approximately 6 miles away when it went down. Thankfully, no one on the ground was injured as a result of the crash. The residents of the neighborhood are no strangers to aviation, as many of them own private planes and have access to hangars adjacent to their homes. While the cause of the crash remains unknown at this time, the proximity to the airstrip and abundance of private planes in the area have prompted some to question whether increased regulation may be necessary. At the time of the crash, the residents of the home closest to the wreckage were not present, and thankfully, their three dogs were able to be rescued. The identification of the two individuals killed in the crash has not yet been released pending notification of their families. The incident has left many in the community shaken and seeking answers. Some are calling for increased safety measures, such as mandatory pilot training and more frequent inspections of private planes. Others are concerned about the impact the crash may have on property values in the area. “It’s just really scary to think that something like this could happen so close to home,” said one resident. “We’re all just trying to process what happened and figure out how we can prevent something like this from happening again.” The FAA is continuing to investigate the crash and has cordoned off the area surrounding the wreckage site. Officials are asking anyone with information about the incident to come forward and assist with the investigation. As the community mourns the loss of two of its own, many are reflecting on the risks and rewards of private aviation. While the thrill of flying may be tempting, it is clear that safety should always be a top priority, both for those in the skies and on the ground.