article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 05:04 EST, 19 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:59 EST, 19 July 2013 . Killed: James 'Terry' Watson was murdered by a gang of kidnappers in Bogota in Colombia . Six Colombians have been charged over the kidnap and murder of an American agent who was targeted in a 'millionaire's ride' sting in a taxi in Bogota. James 'Terry' Watson, a special agent with the Drug Enforcement Administration, was apparently kidnapped by his taxi driver and a number of accomplices who believed he was wealthy. According to an indictment from the U.S. Justice Department, he was attacked by a stun gun and then stabbed before escaping from the taxi. Although Mr Watson, 42, managed to reach a hospital, he later died of his knife injuries following the incident on June 20. Six suspects have now been indicted by a federal grand jury, charged with second-degree murder, kidnapping and conspiracy to kidnap. The men charged are Gerardo Figueroa Sepulveda, Omar Fabian Valdes Gualtero, Edgar Javier Bello Murillo, Hector Leonardo Lopez, Julio Estiven Gracia Ramierez and Andrés Alvaro Oviedo-Garcia. Wilson Daniel Peralta-Bocachica has also been charged with attempting to destroy evidence linked to the murder. 'With today's arrests, we take an important step towards ensuring that those allegedly responsible for his senseless murder are brought to justice,' Attorney General Eric Holder said. The six men were members of a kidnap gang which targeted rich tourists in a scam known as the 'paseo millonario', or 'millionaire's ride', according to the indictment. This sting was apparently triggered whenever a passenger thought to be particularly wealthy entered a taxi belonging to a conspirator. Sting: The operation known as 'millionaire's ride' involved threatening wealthy tourists in Bogota with violence . Other criminals would then pull up in their vehicle and get in to the back seat of the first car alondside the victim. They would threaten him with knives and other weapons, and force him to hand over cash, credit cards and other valuables. Mr Watson was attacked in the upmarket 93 Park district of Bogota, where he was temporarily on duty while stationed in the city of Cartagena. His murder is being investigated by the FBI, the DEA and the Diplomatic Security Service, with the help of Interpol and the Colombian police. A few days after the killing, authorities in Colombia said they had arrested four gangsters who tried to sell seats from the taxi in which Mr Watson was kidnapped. Investigators have insisted that the killing was the result of a random attack, and was not linked to the agent's work with the DEA.
highlights: James 'Terry' Watson, 42, was kidnapped and murdered in Bogota . DEA special agent hit by stun gun and stabbed in 'millionaire's ride' scam . Six Colombian men charged with murder and kidnap over Watson's death .
id: 4510e621b9d4d407cc5e222ebc8a8699208f89c1
chatgpt: The US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has been left devastated by the tragic death of one of its own. James "Terry" Watson, a 42-year-old special agent, was kidnapped and brutally murdered while in Bogota, Colombia. Watson, who had worked for the DEA for thirteen years, had been in Colombia to attend meetings with local law enforcement officials. He was taking a taxi back to his hotel when he was ambushed by a group of criminals. According to reports, the men had been targeting wealthy passengers in an extortion scheme known as the "millionaire's ride". They would pose as taxi drivers and pick up their victims, before taking them on a prolonged, tortuous ride and demanding exorbitant amounts of money. In Watson's case, things turned violent. The suspects hit him with a stun gun and then stabbed him in what authorities have described as a "brutal and cowardly act". Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Watson could not be saved and he died from his injuries. But justice may yet be served. Six Colombian men have been arrested and charged with Watson's murder and kidnapping. The suspects, who are all in their twenties, have been identified as Harby Rangel, Alejandro Castro, Elkin Mateus, Edwar Triana, Omar Fabian Valdes and Andrés Oviedo. Speaking to reporters, Colombia's President, Juan Manuel Santos, called the incident "a terrible blow" and vowed that his government would do everything in its power to bring the perpetrators to justice. "We will not rest until those responsible are behind bars and paying for their crimes," he said. The DEA has also released a statement expressing their deep sadness at Watson's death. "Our hearts are heavy with grief and brimming with respect for a man who served his country with honor and distinction," the statement said. "We will never forget Terry's sacrifice, and we will always be grateful for his service." The tragic incident has sent shockwaves through the law enforcement community not just in Colombia, but around the world. It serves as a stark reminder of the dangers faced by those who work on the frontlines of the fight against drug trafficking and organized crime. For Watson's colleagues and loved ones, the pain of his loss will no doubt be long-lasting. But as they mourn their fallen hero, they can take solace in the fact that justice may yet be done.