article: By . William Turvill . PUBLISHED: . 06:19 EST, 2 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:14 EST, 2 October 2013 . A teenager was killed in a shoot-out comparable to a 'Western' movie, a court has heard. Mohammed Hussein, 19, part of a notorious North London gang, was killed by rival gang members with a sawn-off shotgun, the jury was told. The alleged murder, which took place around a tower block, was caught on CCTV cameras. Mohammed Hussein, 19, was killed in a 'Western'-style shoot-out, Kingston Crown Court heard . The jury was told that Mr Hussein, a member of the Get Money Gang (GMG), was shot by rivals from Dem Africans (DA) on April 1. Natneal Tesfay, 21, is on trial for firing two shots at Mr Hussein two years after a member of the DA gang, Negus McLean, 15, was stabbed to death of a street less than half a mile away. Around the time of the shooting, four members of Mr Hussein's gang were due to stand trial for this murder, the jury heard. According to The Independent, Simon Denison, QC, for the prosecution, said: 'This case is a terrifying example of how cheap life is among teenage gang members in London. He added: 'What happened was like something out of the old western movies, except it was not American fiction, it was reality, in a public car park in north London. 'And it was captured by a CCTV camera that overlooked the car park.' Police near the scene of Mr Hussein's death in Edmonton, North London . The court was told that three men, including Tesfay, were seen walking out of Walbrook House, in Edmonton, to intercept Mr Hussein after he had arrived in a black BMW minutes earlier. Mr Hussein was said to have been with two friends.. In the silent CCTV footage, Tesfay is allegedly seen pulling a sawn-off shotgun out a carrier bag before firing two shots at Mr Hussein. The jury heard the second shot hit him in the chest and he was left dying in an alleyway. An unidentified friend of Mr Hussein then pointed his own gun at the rival gang, the court heard. The CCTV showed he was then chased by two defendants back to the BMW when he was driven away. The car then drove back around to Mr Hussein's body but drove off as passers-by attempted to save Mr Hussein's life. Mr Tesfay, 21, alleged to have fired the gun, Christopher Aluma, 19, a 16-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, and Simeon Birde, 19, all deny murder. The court was told that Mr Tesfay is likely to claim that he shot at Mr Hussein out of self-defence. The two gangs are based in neighbouring areas in Enfield and Edmonton, in North London. The case continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Mohammed Hussein, 19, was part of North London-based Get Money Gang . Was shot by rivals from the Dem Africans gang, the jury is told . The alleged murder was caught on CCTV cameras . Natneal Tesfay, 21, is accused of shooting Mr Hussein . He is likely to claim self-defence, the court hears . The trial continues .
id: e6beef44d8b4f3493591b280872bad8cd3ce9562
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that shook the London community, 19-year-old Mohammed Hussein, a member of the Get Money Gang was fatally shot by rivals from the Dem Africans gang. The details of the alleged murder were presented to the jury, who were shown CCTV footage of the incident.  According to the prosecution, the shooting took place during a heated turf war between the two rival gangs. The Dem Africans are believed to have been behind a number of violent incidents in the area and the Get Money Gang was not going to let them take over their territory. As the trial opened, Natneal Tesfay, a member of the Dem Africans, was accused of firing the fatal shot that killed Mr Hussein. The prosecution presented a detailed timeline of the events leading up to the shooting, including how the Dem Africans had been seeking to expand their territory, and how tensions had been simmering between the two gangs for several months. The court heard that Mr Hussein was ambushed by Tesfay and other members of the Dem Africans gang, who were armed with guns. In the moments before the shooting, tempers flared and there was an exchange of abusive language between the gangs. Tesfay is alleged to have fired a single shot, which struck Mr Hussein in the chest and killed him instantly. Tesfay did not deny that he had fired the shot, but his defence argued that he did so in self-defence. They claimed that Mr Hussein had been armed and was about to fire at their client, and that Tesfay was simply defending himself. The court was shown CCTV footage of the incident, which appeared to show Tesfay firing the shot soon after Mr Hussein had taken a step towards him. The defence also argued that the two gangs had a long history of violent rivalry, and that Mr Hussein was known to be a dangerous member of the Get Money Gang. They suggested that their client had acted in self-defence to protect himself from an imminent threat to his life. The jury was also told of the extensive efforts made by the police to investigate the incident, including analysing phone records, CCTV footage and witness statements. Several witnesses had come forward to describe what they saw, and the court was also given an insight into the gang culture that had been instrumental in these violent incidents. As the trial continued, emotions ran high outside the courtroom, with friends and family of both the accused and the victim present to see the proceedings. This tragic incident has once again highlighted the problems of gang culture and turf wars in London, and the urgent need for government action to address this issue.