article: Mersane Warria, also known as Raina Thaiday, who has been arrested for murder after the deaths of eight children on Friday . He should be celebrating his daughter's 14th birthday but a Cairns father is instead grief-stricken and in shock, trying to make sense of her tragic death. 'I've lost a beautiful daughter,' says the elderly man, who asked not to be named for cultural reasons. 'What for? What has she done?' He says tears streamed down his face when he and his wife were told their girl was one of eight children found murdered at a house on Murray Street in the Cairns suburb of Manoora on Friday morning. Mersane Warria, the 37-year-old mother of the other seven children, who were aged between 18 months and 14 years, has been arrested and is under police guard in hospital where she is being treated for stab wounds. Their bodies were found by her 20-year-old son on Friday. The father said on Saturday his daughter had been staying with the woman, the girl's aunt, in the Murray St house for about a week. '(The son) told us that everyone is dead,' he said. Mourners embrace next to a memorial in the park next the Cairns home of a multiple stabbing in the suburb of Manoora . The community pay their respects to the eight children and lay flowers at their memorial . 'I said how come you are telling me this,' he said. 'And I was crying and (my wife) was crying, everybody was crying.' He last saw his daughter the night before she died at a local McDonald's restaurant where she was eating dinner with friends. 'I said come with me but she said: "Oh no dad, I'm going with my friends, my aunty",' he told AAP. The man said he and his wife are now searching for answers. 'What happened?' he said. 'Do you know what happened? Me and my wife we want to know.' Police remain at the crime scene since the eight children were stabbed to death at the property . One of the children who were murdered at the Cairns property would have celebrated her 14th birthday on Saturday . A number of candlelight vigils were held around Cairns on Friday night . He was shocked by news the aunty may be responsible. The man said his daughter had spent many weekends and holidays at the house and there had never been problems. He said Warria had recently decided to turn her life around and was again attending church. He said his daughter loved her friends, school and reading. 'When I dropped her at the house a week ago, everyone was happy,' he said. 'The last time I saw her she kissed me. She said she loved me and she asked for $100 which I said I'd give to her on Saturday morning on her birthday. 'My daughter, she was beautiful.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: A 37-year-old woman has been arrested for murder while under police guard at Cairns Hospital . She is believed to be Mersane Warria, also known as Raina Thaiday . The woman is a mother to seven of the children and an aunt to the eighth child who was due to turn 14 on Saturday . The father of the teenager says he dropped off his daughter at the Cairns home a week ago . He said he saw his daughter a night before her death, eating at a local McDonald's with friends .
id: af03a73381febfa2b0ea98f2a9308685cafaff77
chatgpt: A 37-year-old woman has been arrested for murder while under police guard at Cairns Hospital. The woman has been identified as Mersane Warria, also known as Raina Thaiday, who is believed to have murdered eight children in her care in the Cairns suburb of Manoora. According to reports, Warria is a mother of seven of the children and an aunt to the eighth child, who was just days away from her 14th birthday. The father of the teenager stated that he dropped off his daughter at the Cairns home a week prior to the tragedy. The teenager's father stated that he saw his daughter the night before her death eating at a local McDonald's with friends, but had not been able to contact her since. The Cairns home where the children were found belonged to Warria's sister, who was also living at the property during the time of the incident. Authorities were first alerted to the scene early Friday morning when a woman called 911 reporting a disturbance. When authorities arrived, they found the eight children, ranging in ages from 18 months to 14 years old, unresponsive, and pronounced them dead at the scene. In a statement, Queensland Police Commissioner Ian Stewart stated that the incident was "tragic and traumatic." He said that detectives and forensic specialists had been working around the clock to piece together what happened and that the investigation was ongoing. The motive for the crime, however, remains unclear, and police are urging anyone with information to come forward. "This is a time of grief for the family, the Manoora community and all of those involved in this investigation," Stewart said. "We are offering support to the families of those affected and ask that the public and media respect their privacy at this tragic time." The community of Manoora, which is known for its vibrant cultural diversity, has been left reeling by the tragic event. Local residents have been gathering outside the home where the children were found, laying flowers and paying their respects. One resident, Sam Neele, told reporters that the incident had left the community in shock. "We are all very saddened by this," he said. "This is a tight-knit community, and we will all be pulling together to support the families affected by this tragedy." The incident has sent shockwaves through Queensland, and authorities have urged the public to be patient as the investigation continues. "We are working hard to get to the bottom of what happened," said Stewart. "But this is a complex and challenging investigation, and we urge the public to let us do our work and avoid speculation or further distress for those affected by this terrible event."