article: (CNN) -- Yemen will swear in its new president Saturday, cementing a power transfer deal reached in November to end months of protests and violence over outgoing leader Ali Abdullah Saleh's longtime rule. Abdurabu Mansur Hadi -- who served as Saleh's vice president and then became acting president in November in an agreement brokered by the Gulf Cooperation Council -- is expected to be sworn in Saturday in front of Yemen's parliament. On Monday, a formal inauguration will take place in Sanaa -- one that Saleh is expected to attend. A spokesman for the country's embassy in Washington said late Friday that the president has returned home, after a short U.S. visit for medical treatment. "As of Saturday morning, Hadi will be Yemen's president and the inauguration on Monday will only be ceremonial and a celebration in support for Yemen's new leader," said Abdul Aziz Jubari, a member of Yemen's parliament from Saleh's General People's Congress party. Hadi received 99.8% of the 6.6 million votes cast in Tuesday's election, according to Mohmmad Hassan al-Hakimi, chairman of the Supreme Committee for Elections and Referendum. Saleh was wounded in a June assassination attempt at his presidential palace during battles between government troops and tribal fighters. A "massive celebration" was being planned for Saleh, who will not necessarily disappear from Yemeni politics, said Abdu Ganadi, a senior Saleh aide. "Saleh has the option to continue involvement in politics and the power transfer deal will not force him to step aside," Ganadi said. "He is the leader of the GPC and his voice and support will continue being heard in the GPC." U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the Yemeni election "another important step forward in their democratic transition process." Human Rights Watch has called on Hadi to make changes without delay. "Yemen's potentially historic transition will be off to a shaky start unless Hadi makes an immediate break with the abuses of the past," said Letta Tayler, HRW's Yemen researcher. "Yemen's new leader needs to move decisively to usher in promised reforms that uphold human rights and the rule of law." The 65-year-old Hadi is a British-, Egyptian- and Soviet-trained army officer, recently promoted to field marshal. He had been vice president since 1994 and ran for a two-year term as president on pledges of improving security and creating jobs. But he's never had much of a power base, and Yemen's problems are expected to take longer than two years to fix. Yemen is the poorest country in the Middle East, with a severe shortage of water and rising levels of malnutrition among its population of about 25 million. Saleh faced a separatist movement in the south, sectarian tensions in the north and the growing presence of what Western officials describe as al Qaeda's most dangerous affiliate, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom, Jamie Crawford and Kindah Shair contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: President Ali Abdullah Saleh arrives in Yemen, a spokesman says . Yemen's vice president gets 99.8% of the vote, an election official says . The country's VP is expected to be officially sworn in as president Saturday . U.S., others have called for democratic reforms .
id: 6f3a895955d67af07e2479aa730e52422693111a
chatgpt: Yemen's current vice president, Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi, has won the presidential election with a remarkable 99.8 percent of the vote, according to an election official. Hadi is expected to be officially sworn in as the country's new president on Saturday, succeeding the long-time ruler, Ali Abdullah Saleh. The election of Hadi is expected to mark a new chapter in Yemen's history, which has been marred by political turmoil and violence in recent years. The country has been grappling with a powerful rebel movement in the north, a secessionist movement in the south, and a growing presence of Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). For the past three decades, Saleh has ruled Yemen with an iron fist, promoting his family and tribal allies to key positions while suppressing dissent and opposition. His regime has been accused of widespread corruption, human rights abuses, and mishandling the country's economy and resources. Saleh's ouster earlier this year came after months of protests and violence, sparked by the wave of unrest that swept across the Arab world in 2011. The Arab Spring movement inspired Yemenis to demand change and reform, with many calling for a democratic government and an end to Saleh's autocratic rule. The U.S. and other Western nations have been pressuring Yemen to undertake democratic reforms and respect human rights, as part of their efforts to counter terrorism in the region. AQAP has been targeting Western interests and allies in Yemen and beyond, and its presence poses a serious threat to global security. Hadi's election is seen as a positive step towards stability and democracy in Yemen, although many challenges remain. Hadi will have to address the deep divisions and tensions in Yemen's society and politics, and tackle the pressing issues of poverty, corruption, and security. He will also have to navigate a complex web of regional and international relations, including Yemen's ties to Iran, Saudi Arabia, and the U.S. Hadi, who was Saleh's deputy since 1994, is not known for his charisma or popularity, but he has a reputation for being a consensus builder and a loyal technocrat. He is widely seen as a transitional figure who will oversee a period of political reform and reconciliation, before paving the way for free and fair elections. Hadi has already received congratulations from various regional and international leaders, who have expressed hope that Yemen will emerge stronger and more prosperous under his leadership. However, some Yemenis remain skeptical and cautious, as they fear that Hadi may not be able to deliver the change and reforms they have been demanding. The coming days and weeks will be critical for Yemen and its new president, as the country faces a daunting array of challenges and opportunities. Hadi will need to prove that he is capable of steering the country towards a brighter future, while avoiding the pitfalls and pitfalls of the past. The eyes of the world will be watching him closely, as Yemen embarks on a new era of politics and diplomacy.