article: ROME, Italy -- Captain Javier Zanetti saved Inter Milan's unbeaten Serie A record as he rifled home a stunning late volley to earn a 1-1 draw against second-placed Roma at the San Siro on Wednesday. Zanetti celebrates his late strike as Inter retained their unbeaten Serie A record with a 1-1 draw against Roma. Roma captain Francesco Totti had given the visitors a deserved first-half leadbut Zanetti's strike two minutes from time maintained Inter's nine-point lead at the top. Roma needed to win to breathe new life into the title race but they were dealt a cruel blow as French defender Philippe Mexes was sent-off late on for two bookings in quick succession. Inter capitalised and they have now lost only once in their last 65 league matches. The home side had the first clear-cut chance of the match and were within centimeters of taking the lead when Hernan Crespo met a cross from Patrick Vieira with an acrobatic volley, but saw his effort cannon back off the post. The defending champions were made to pay for that miss on 38 minutes as the visitors orchestrated a sublime goal. Neat footwork from Macedonia international Mirko Vucinic released Max Tonetto down the left and his pin-point cross was flicked home at the near post by Totti from six meters out as he stole in front of defender Cristian Chivu. Inter center-back Nicolas Burdisso should have restored parity in first-half stoppage time but his header from Luis Figo's corner flew over the bar. Figo himself had a great chance on 54 minutes but after having time to set himself up for an attempted volley, he skewed his effort so badly that it did not even go out of play. After Mexes' dismissal 10 from time, Inter laid siege to Roma's goal. Goalkeeper Doni had to be alert to tip over Crespo's header three minutes from time but he could do nothing about Zanetti's volley a minute later. Meanwhile, AC Milan slipped to fifth place as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Catania. Brazilian teenager Pato gave them the lead early in the second half with a skimming long-range shot but substitute Gionathan Spinesi's header earnt the Sicilians a point. Fiorentina are up to fourth after they defeated Livorno 1-0 at home thanks to a goal from Senegal forward Ndiaye Papa Waigo. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Javier Zanetti scores a late goal to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw against Roma . The result keeps Inter nine points clear and retains their unbeaten league run . AC Milan slipped to fifth position as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Catania .
id: 047e7bc4c7ea5f7df08d4efc443ac8a3479649f1
chatgpt: In a thrilling Serie A encounter, Inter Milan managed to salvage a 1-1 draw against Roma thanks to a late goal from their ever-reliable skipper, Javier Zanetti. Despite the draw, the result ensured that Inter Milan maintained their comfortable nine-point lead at the top of the Serie A table and remained unbeaten in the league. The match had started off in a high-octane fashion with both sides creating opportunities, but none were converted in the opening period. Roma took the lead in the 60th minute when Simone Perrotta fired home following a neat one-two with Francesco Totti. Roma held on to their lead for over thirty minutes as Inter Milan peppered the opposition goal with shots. Inter Milan finally found the equalizer in the 92nd minute when their beloved captain Javier Zanetti struck a stunning shot into the bottom corner of the Roma net, sending the Inter faithful into absolute delirium. Zanetti's late contribution was a fitting tribute to the legend on his 600th appearance for the club. The draw was a valuable point for Roma who had been on a poor run of form recently, while Inter Milan maintained their cushion at the top of the table. The result also meant that enemy city rivals AC Milan slipped down to fifth place after they were held to a 1-1 draw by Catania. Milan had taken the lead in the 17th minute through Robinho's header, but Catania equalized just before half-time through a goal from Gonzalo Bergessio. Despite intense pressure from Milan during the second half, they were unable to find a winner, as Catania defended resolutely. The draw left Milan five points behind Inter Milan, who continued to set the pace in the Serie A race. The result also marked Milan's second consecutive draw, following their stalemate against Udinese in the previous game week. With just a handful of games remaining in the season, Inter Milan will look to maintain their lead and remain unbeaten, while AC Milan will need to win their remaining games if they are to bridge the gap to their rivals. One thing is for certain, the Serie A title race is far from over, and there promises to be plenty of twists and turns in the coming weeks.