article: Baltimore police said they've arrested a suspect in the death of a 16-year-old North Carolina girl whose body was found in a Maryland river a year ago. The body of Phylicia Barnes was recovered in April last year about 40 miles from where she was last seen in Baltimore, where she was visiting family when she vanished in 2010. People spotted the body in Conowingo Dam on the Susquehanna River and and flagged down police, authorities said at the time. Police arrested a man identified as Michael Johnson, 28, Wednesday night and charged him with first-degree murder in connection with the killing, said Anthony Guglielmi, a spokesman for Baltimore police. Johnson was the ex-boyfriend of Barnes' older half-sister, the family has said.  Authorities say he was the last person to see Barnes alive. Her father, Russell Barnes, said news of the arrest came in the form of "a long overdue call," and says he hopes prosecutors can "make sure justice is served." Bryan Barnes, Phylicia's brother, wore a pendant containing a picture of his dead sister around his neck as he addressed reporters Thursday.  He said he knew Johnson growing up as a child and that there was nothing to indicate that he was allegedly capable of committing murder. But "there's no way to tell that somebody could be a murder," he added. The teenage girl said she was going out to get something to eat when she left a Baltimore residence where she'd been spending Christmas with her half-sister and other relatives. She was last seen at the Reisterstown Square Apartments in northwest Baltimore. The FBI joined the search as dozens of detectives and officers worked around the clock to scour the area. Police also questioned about a dozen people believed to have had contact with Barnes in the hours before she disappeared, searching their homes and cars. They also collected 40 hours of video from surveillance cameras at nearby businesses and apartment buildings. Authorities then turned to posting billboards along I-95 in hope of gathering information about the girl's fate. Later, officials said they feared she had been abducted or harmed. Last April, Barnes' body was one of two found in the Susquehanna River -- one south and the other north of the Conowingo Dam -- state police said. Authorities said the other body was that of a black male, which was found floating in water about three to four miles away.
highlights: Barnes' father said news of the arrest came in "a long overdue call" The North Carolina teen was visiting family in Baltimore when she vanished in 2010 . Her body was found in the Conowingo Dam .
id: edb4991ae5346827dca036a3dd3bf2325a24926d
chatgpt: After years of searching and waiting, the family and friends of Phylicia Barnes received some closure on Wednesday with news of an arrest in connection to the case of the North Carolina teen's disappearance and murder. According to Baltimore police, 28-year-old Michael Johnson was arrested in Georgia and charged with first-degree murder in the death of 16-year-old Barnes. The teen had been visiting family in Baltimore when she vanished on Dec. 28, 2010. Her body was found months later, weighed down with cinder blocks, in the Susquehanna River at the Conowingo Dam in Harford County. Johnson was a former boyfriend of the teen's half-sister, Deena Barnes, and while he had been questioned in connection with the case in the past, there had not been enough evidence to make an arrest until this week. Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Barnes' father Russell said that news of the arrest came in "a long overdue call." "It feels like we reached the end of the tunnel, we've been at this for a long time," he said. "We're grateful that the police department stayed on top of it and they kept their word that they were going to continue looking." While there was no immediate information on what led investigators to make the arrest at this time, Barnes' case had been the focus of intense media attention and police scrutiny. In addition to multiple searches of the area surrounding the dam, Barnes' disappearance prompted the creation of a special website and tip hotline, as well as numerous vigils and fundraisers in her memory. The case also put a spotlight on the issue of missing teenagers in the Baltimore area, with Barnes' family and community leaders calling for more resources and attention to be devoted to locating missing children and providing support for their families. Now, with an arrest in the case, Barnes' family and friends are hoping for answers about what happened to the teen on that fateful day in 2010, and for justice to be served. "Phylicia had a lot to live for, a lot to give back to this world," her father said on Wednesday. "We want to go to court and see justice served." Johnson is currently being held in Georgia pending extradition to Maryland to face charges in Barnes' death.