article: (CNN) -- Police in Texas used a Taser on a 42-year-old pastor and pepper spray to disperse members of his church after police said the pastor interfered with a traffic stop. Jose Moran was arrested early Wednesday morning after interfering with the duties of a public servant in the parking lot of a Webster, Texas, building that is being remodeled for the Iglesias Profetica Peniel Church, Webster police said in a written statement. Moran's son, Omar, said his father had been trying to help. He added that his father has heart problems. Moran approached an officer who was handling a traffic stop in the church's parking lot on Wednesday morning, police said. Moran identified himself as the church's pastor and began yelling at the officer, police said. The officer told Moran to leave several times, but Moran did not, police said. The officer then tried to arrest him. But Moran pushed the officer and ran into the church building, police said. Moran's son said after his father asked the officer if he could help, the officer began yelling. The son said his father went back inside the church. The officer followed him and kicked in the church door, he said. The pastor came outside, and a second officer used his Taser twice on the pastor, the younger Moran said. The son's account differs from the police version of events. Police said Moran emerged from the church building with dozens of other people who subsequently surrounded the officer. The officer used pepper spray to disperse the crowd, the statement said. Police said Moran pushed a second officer, who had arrived for backup, when the officer was trying to arrest him. The officer used a Taser to subdue him, police said. Omar Moran said his father remains hospitalized, although police said he had been treated and released. Webster Police Chief Ray Smiley said the Taser was only used once on Moran, but that the tool causes two marks. The driver who had been pulled over was issued two citations and released, police said.
highlights: Police, pastor's son give differing accounts of Taser incident . They don't agree on whether Jose Moran is still hospitalized . Police say Moran interfered with a traffic stop . Police say church congregation surrounded officer .
id: b9d14bb5d2874d94da5a5d05180e3356f0765db9
chatgpt: A recent incident involving the use of a Taser by police in a small town in Kansas is causing controversy. According to the police, they were conducting a routine traffic stop when Jose Moran, a pastor's son, interfered with the process. However, Moran's account of the situation differs. The police allege that Moran approached the scene of the traffic stop and began to interfere with their investigation. They claim that they repeatedly asked him to move away from the area, but he refused to comply. Eventually, one of the officers used a Taser on him in order to incapacitate him and take him into custody. However, Moran's family and members of his local church tell a different story. They say that Moran was simply trying to find out what was happening during the traffic stop and that he did not interfere with the officers in any way. According to these witnesses, the police were the ones who became aggressive and ended up using excessive force against Moran. The situation has become even more complicated due to conflicting reports on Moran's current condition. The police say that he was taken to the hospital after the incident, but has since been released. However, members of the church say that he is still in the hospital recovering from injuries sustained during the altercation. The incident has also caused tensions between the police and the local church community. Members of the church say that the police were unnecessarily aggressive with them in the aftermath of the incident, accusing them of being part of a mob that surrounded the officer. The police deny this, saying that the congregation became unruly and interfered with their investigation. Regardless of who is ultimately found to be at fault in this situation, it is clear that there is a deep divide between the police and the local community. Protesters have gathered outside of the police station to demand justice for Moran and to call for greater accountability and transparency from the police in future incidents. As of now, it is unclear what the final outcome of this incident will be. But it is clear that tensions are high in the small town of Kansas as the community grapples with issues of police brutality and systemic prejudice.