article: Alan Pardew was still absorbing the impact of Peter Crouch’s goal when lightning flashed over the Britannia Stadium and the rumble of thunder drowned the sound of ‘You’re getting sacked in the morning’. A storm is breaking over the Newcastle manager right now. Another defeat reopens the debate over his future, not that the subject was ever really closed. Newcastle fans hold up a banner portraying Alan Pardew as Pinocchio with the word hopeless underneath . Fans young and old called for the head of Pardew during defeat at Stoke City on Monday night . Indeed, Newcastle owner Mike Ashley kept his manager’s position in the news at the weekend by telling a reporter that Pardew would be ‘dead, finished and over’ if the team were beaten at Stoke. Ashley insists he was joking but the 1,751 in the away end, however, were not laughing on Monday night. Before a ball had been kicked they unfurled a ‘Pardew is a muppet’ banner, while ‘Sack Pardew’ cards — left over from the 2-2 draw with Hull last weekend — were also scattered among the travelling contingent. Newcastle supporters display a banner calling for the removal of manager Alan Pardew . Newcastle fans vent their anger at the club's owner Mike Ashley during Monday's game at Stoke . Newcastle manager Pardew acknowledges the travelling fans after the final whistle . It was during this fixture last season, a 1-0 win for Stoke in April, that fans rounded on Pardew. On that occasion, though, he was serving a touchline ban for butting Hull’s David Meyler and so was spared their scorn on the walk from dugout to tunnel. There was no hiding last night and, on half-time, they called for his head as he passed in front of them. It is easy to see why. For since Newcastle smashed Stoke 5-1 at St James’ Park on Boxing Day, Pardew’s side have won just five of 27 Premier League games. That is a return of 19 points from a possible 81. Newcastle fans hold up placards calling for manager Alan Pardew to be sacked . Newcastle owner Mike Ashley was at the Britannia Stadium to watch side lose to Stoke . Pardew remains defiant. ‘I was born battle-hard so that comes natural to me,’ he said. ‘It’s been tough because you want the fans to be behind you. They are questioning everything I do and that’s understandable, but I have to remain strong and makes sure I’m giving the team everything I can.’ Pardew’s fortitude is academic, however. It is whether Ashley is willing to remain strong in his support. He was here to witness this latest defeat and looked far from his ‘jokey’ self. No, there will be few smiling on Tyneside and, as another storm cloud gathers, Pardew is once again the lightning rod for supporter unrest.
highlights: Newcastle fans sang ‘You’re getting sacked in the morning’ at Alan Pardew during 1-0 defeat at Stoke . Owner Mike Ashley had told a reporter that Pardew would be 'dead, finished and over' if the team were beaten at Stoke . 'Sack Pardew' cards were also scattered among the travelling contingent .
id: 80bf92749350edeefe0871972cef5b8ce0d43de6
chatgpt: Newcastle United suffered a 1-0 defeat against Stoke City on Monday night, with the traveling supporters venting their frustration towards manager Alan Pardew. The Toon Army sang ‘You are getting sacked in the morning,’ while flashcards were scattered around the stadium reading ‘Sack Pardew.’ The tension had been brewing for several weeks, with the Magpies not registering a win in their opening three games of the season. Owner Mike Ashley had reportedly told a reporter that if Newcastle lost to Stoke City, Pardew would be ‘dead, finished and over.’ The manager's future at the club was already uncertain, with many fans calling for his sacking following a disappointing campaign last season. In the final game of the 2020-21 season, Newcastle were thrashed 4-0 by Liverpool, and that result was followed by protests outside of St James’ Park calling for Pardew to be dismissed. Newcastle’s poor form has continued into the 2021-22 campaign, and Monday’s defeat only intensified the fans’ discontent towards Pardew. The club is yet to score a goal this season, and the players' lackluster performances have left many fans calling for an overhaul in the club's leadership. The travelling supporters' reaction towards Pardew was a reflection of the growing frustration among the fans. The club's poor start to the season has only added fuel to the fire, and it seems that the fans have now lost faith in the manager's ability to turn things around. Pardew, however, remained defiant in the face of mounting pressure. In his post-match press conference, he acknowledged the fans' frustration but maintained that he was the right man to lead the club forward. “I understand the fans' frustrations, and I share their disappointment,” said Pardew. “But I am confident that we can turn things around. We have a talented squad, and we just need to work harder and smarter on the training ground.” The Newcastle boss will now be hoping for a positive result in their next match against Watford. However, if the Magpies continue to struggle, it seems that Mike Ashley may have to make good on his promise, with the fans' patience wearing thin. Newcastle United faces a critical period in the upcoming games, and the pressure on Alan Pardew will only continue to grow if the team continues to falter. The manager needs to find a way to turn things around quickly and win the support of the fans. Otherwise, it may be time for Newcastle United to look for a new manager.