article: Australia ordered federal police to take over security at the house of parliament Friday, a day after police conducted  one of the nation's largest counter-terrorism operations in the port city of Sydney. Prime Minister Tony Abbott said an urgent review of parliamentary security was ordered amid intelligence reports of "chatter" of potential threats by "terrorist support networks." Meanwhile, several Islamic organizations in Australia sounded the alarm, warning about a surge of Islamophobia after Thursday's predawn counter-terrorism raids resulted in the detention of at least 15 suspects. "Fair-minded Australians should not allow bigots and media shock jocks to undermine the cohesion within society,"  the Grand Mufti of Australia said, according to a statement released by a group of Islamic organizations. Several hundred demonstrators peacefully protested against the police raids, some of them holding signs that said "terror raids cannot break the spirit of Muslims." Among the suspects detained this week was Australian Omarjan Azari, who was later formally charged with conspiracy to commit terrorism. Azari was denied bail and is expected to reappear in court on November 13, authorities said. Police told CNN another 24-year old man was released on bail after being charged with possession of ammunition without license and a prohibited weapon. All other detainees have now been released, with two women issued future court attendance notices, police said. In an interview with Australia's Seven Network on Friday, Abbott said a senior Australian member of the ISIS militant group in Syria had been overheard instructing sympathizers in Australia to carry out acts of violence. "Because we believed that a demonstration execution was likely quickly, we acted as we did to disrupt this particular network," Abbott said. Australian authorities estimate 60 citizens are fighting alongside ISIS and other militant groups in the Middle East. This month, Australia was quick to accept U.S. President Barack Obama's call for an international coalition to battle ISIS. Canberra announced plans to dispatch military advisers to assist the Iraqi military.  Australia is also sending fighter jets and combat support aircraft to the United Arab Emirates  to assist in the campaign against ISIS.
highlights: Prime Minister Tony Abbott: Urgent review of parliamentary security ordered . Organizations warn about a surge of Islamophobia . Demonstrators protest against the police raids .
id: 9f74045a41786d02486c17924e2b34f986f94eec
chatgpt: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has ordered an urgent review of parliamentary security measures after revelations emerged that a man accessed the roof of Parliament House using a ladder last week. The man was apprehended by security personnel before he could enter the building, but the incident has raised concerns about the adequacy of the building's security arrangements. In response, Abbott announced on Monday that he would be reviewing security measures at Parliament House "as a matter of urgency." "At this stage, I think it would be most unwise to claim that the present arrangements are satisfactory," Abbott said in a statement. "Our system has failed on this occasion." In other news, several organizations have issued warnings about a recent surge of Islamophobia in Australia amid heightened tensions following an increase in police raids targeting terrorism suspects. The Islamic Council of Victoria and the Muslim Legal Network of Australia are among those that have raised concerns about what they say is an increase in hate speech, harassment and discrimination directed at Muslim Australians since the raids began last month. "In the past week, we have received numerous reports from members of the Muslim community who have been subjected to verbal abuse, vandalism, and physical assault," said Kuranda Seyit, the president of the Islamic Council of Victoria. "We urge all Australians to unite against any form of discrimination, racism or hatred." The comments come as thousands of people turned out over the weekend to protest against the police raids. Demonstrators marched through the streets of several Australian cities, carrying signs with messages such as "Stop the Raids" and "Muslim Lives Matter." The protests were largely peaceful, although there were some isolated incidents of violence, including clashes between police and demonstrators in Sydney. Police arrested several people on charges including assault and public order offences. The police raids, which began last month and have so far resulted in several arrests, are part of a wider government crackdown on terrorism in Australia. However, they have been criticised by some civil liberties groups, who say that they amount to unfair targeting of the Muslim community.