article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 08:22 EST, 24 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 08:35 EST, 24 January 2014 . The father of the gunman in the Sandy Hook Elementary School killings has met with a Connecticut official and agreed to help find missing school and medical records that could shed more light on the tragedy. Peter Lanza met for about an hour on Thursday with the leader of a state panel that is investigating the massacre of 20 first-graders and six educators in Newtown in December 2012 by Lanza's son, Adam. Hamden Mayor Scott Jackson, chairman of the Sandy Hook Advisory Commission, said that he met with Lanza in Stamford. The commission is meeting on Friday. Peter Lanza (left),  father of the Sandy Hook school shooter Adam Lanza (right), met with the leader of the advisory commission to help them learn more about his son . A spokesman for Peter Lanza said he had no comment. Commission members have said that they need more information about Adam Lanza's mental state before making recommendations to change mental health policy. Hamden Mayor Scott Jackson told the Connecticut Post that the meeting in an undisclosed Stamford location was 'cordial, business-like and friendly'. He said that Mr Lanza wants as much information as possible to be made public such as his son's school, medical and psychological records. Peter Lanza, a General Electric executive, was divorced from Adam's mother Nancy Lanza at the time of the massacre last year. Nancy Lanza was shot four times in the head by her son on December 14. The rifle used to kill her was found by police next to her bed. Peter Lanza's ex-wife Nancy Lanza was shot dead in her bed by her son before he went on a killing spree at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Lanza then went to the Sandy Hook Elementary school where he shot dead 20 first-graders and six educators before shooting himself. Late last month, Connecticut state police released their final report on the shooting . investigation - amounting to thousands of pages of reports, crime scene . photographs of the school and Lanza home as well 911 calls and chilling . video. The report also . revealed the extent of Lanza's medical illness with several witnesses . speaking of an early fascination with destruction and violence. A memorial for the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre outside a home in Newtown, Connecticut to mark the one-year anniversary of the tragedy .
highlights: Peter Lanza met for an hour on Thursday with the leader of a Connecticut state panel that is investigating the massacre . Hamden Mayor Scott Jackson said Mr Lanza was 'cordial, business-like and friendly'
id: 373a8f539844efc3cd27f04de191e21292bbcfd3
chatgpt: Peter Lanza, father of Adam Lanza, the man responsible for the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre, met with the leader of a Connecticut state panel investigating the tragedy for an hour on Thursday. According to Hamden Mayor Scott Jackson, who was also in attendance, Mr. Lanza was "cordial, business-like and friendly" during the meeting. The Sandy Hook Advisory Commission was established by Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy in the aftermath of the tragedy that occurred on December 14th, 2012. The panel was created to investigate the attack and to make recommendations for preventing future incidents. During the meeting, Mr. Lanza reportedly discussed his son's mental health and the challenges that he faced as a parent trying to get him the help he needed. The conversation was described as "constructive" by Mr. Jackson, who also noted that Mr. Lanza was very upfront and honest in his remarks. This meeting was a rare public appearance for Peter Lanza, who has largely remained out of the public eye since the tragedy. In a statement released in the wake of the shooting, Mr. Lanza expressed his condolences for the victims and their families and stated that he has been cooperating with law enforcement officials in their investigation. The tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School resulted in the deaths of 26 people, including 20 children. The incident sparked a national conversation about gun control and mental health, as well as a renewed focus on school safety. The Sandy Hook Advisory Commission has been meeting for over a year and is expected to release a final report with recommendations later this year. The panel has been examining a range of issues related to the tragedy, including school safety, mental health, and gun control. Peter Lanza's meeting with the commission comes at a time when many people are still trying to make sense of what happened at Sandy Hook. His willingness to meet with the panel and discuss his son's mental health is a welcomed addition to the conversation. While there are no easy answers, it is important that we continue to work together to prevent tragedies like Sandy Hook from happening again. The Sandy Hook Advisory Commission's report will undoubtedly provide valuable insights and recommendations that can help us move forward as a society.