article: Caracas, Venezuela (CNN) -- Residents of the Venezuelan capital on Monday began to experience water rationing as part of a government preservation measure during a drought. The rolling cuts to water service will affect the capital of Caracas and some nearby areas for periods of up to 48 hours, the state-owned water utility Hidrocapital announced. The rationing will continue through the first quarter of 2010, the government said. President Hugo Chavez has urged citizens to take extra steps to reduce water use, including a suggestion last week that taking a shower should take only three minutes. The government says that weather phenomena are behind the drought, while critics of Chavez say that years of lack of infrastructure investment and planning left the country flat-footed when it came to offsetting the drought. Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels, officials say. The level of the Camatagua Reservoir, which supplies Caracas with about half of its water, has been on a downward trend since 2007, according to data from Hidrocapital. However, it's not as low as during the early 2000s. Some water-rationing measures were taken at the time, too, according to Hidrocapital. In Miranda State, which sits adjacent the capital, the Lagartijo Reservoir is at the lowest level ever recorded. "There will be programmed interruptions in service, with the goal of recuperating the levels of the principal reservoirs that flow to the city and that were affected by the scarce rains this year," Hidrocapital President Alejandro Hitcher said at a news conference announcing the rationing. Even schools will have to deal with the water shortages, the government said. Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock. Critics, including the municipal agency that distributes Hidrocapital's water to the city, say that poor infrastructure has made it difficult for water pressure to reach some of the poorest parts of the city, according to local reports. The government says that the El Nino phenomenon -- unusually warm waters in the equatorial Pacific that affects weather around the globe -- is behind the dry conditions. Venezuela's National Institute of Meteorology and Hydrology also pointed a finger at something called quasi-biennial oscillation, which affects winds in the stratosphere. "This other phenomenon," the institute said in a statement, "has a relationship with the rains, and is capable of modifying or changing the magnitude and impacts of the effects that El Nino has brought." Journalist Maria Carolina Gonzalez contributed to this report for CNN.
highlights: Rolling cuts to water service will affect Caracas, nearby areas for up to 48 hours . Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels, officials say . Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock .
id: a6dd64e163a9f059367e6382c6db1b816bce1bdf
chatgpt: Residents in Venezuela's capital, Caracas and nearby areas are preparing for a possible two-day interruption in their water supply as authorities implement rolling cuts to deal with severe drought conditions. Officials announced that the city's reservoir volume had dropped to critical levels, forcing a reduction in water service that could last up to 48 hours. The announcement has sparked panic among many residents who are already struggling with shortages of basic necessities, including food and medicine. It is uncertain how many will be affected by the water cuts, but officials are advising residents to store enough water to last them throughout the interruption. Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock. The rest of the population will have to rely on strategic rationing and trucks that will deliver water to some areas, according to the authorities. The situation reflects the dire state of Venezuela's infrastructure as the country struggles with hyperinflation, corruption and an economic collapse that has led to massive migration. Experts say that Venezuela's water crisis is not only due to drought but is also the result of years of mismanagement and neglect. The country's main reservoir, the Guri Dam, which is responsible for supplying about 80% of the country's population with electricity, has been critically affected. The dam’s level has dropped to its lowest level in 10 years, causing blackouts and a shortage of electricity that has added to the mounting discontent in the struggling country. Critics of the socialist government led by President Nicolas Maduro accuse him of mismanaging the country's water resources as well as the entire economy, leading to shortages and escalating inflation rates. Maduro’s opponents say that years of corruption and political mismanagement have led the country to a state of near-collapse, with basic services like running water and electricity being increasingly scarce. The latest water cuts have added to the burden that residents of Caracas and other cities already face. They are struggling to survive amidst an economic crisis, facing long lines at grocery stores and hospitals, and fearing for their safety amid widespread violence and insecurity. The water crisis in Venezuela is a clear example of how the country's political and economic woes have affected the lives of ordinary people. The situation has been made worse by climate change and drought conditions, but it is clear that the underlying issue is years of political and managerial failure. Until the country can address these fundamental problems, the plight of its people will continue to worsen.