article: A father murdered two of his children early Friday morning as they lay sleeping in their beds before turning the gun on himself after arguing with his wife. David Mohney shot three of his children, Savanna, 14, David, 11, and a Lauren, 9, after a fight with his wife Cynthia in their Port Orange, Florida, home. Savanna and David have died, and Lauren, who is in critical condition, has been upgraded to stable condition. Scroll down for video . Tragedy: A father murdered two of his children, including his 14-year-old daughter Savanna (above) and critically injured a third before killing himself in their upscale Florida home Friday morning . Survivor: The wife was at the house of a neighbor trying to get help in their Port Orange, Florida neighborhood  when the shooting occurred while the children were asleep at the home (above) She is currently at Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children in Orlando. Cynthia, 48, was not shot or injured. The two girls were found in their upstairs bedroom, while the boy was in his bedroom on the ground floor according to authorities. Deputies said the father was found on the kitchen floor with a handgun next to him. 'I woke up to the screams of, "Oh my God, oh my God, this isn't happening here. This isn't happening,"'a neighbor, who did not want to be identified, told WFTV. 'I only heard screaming. That's all I heard.' Gone too soon: Savanna (above) had just started high school . Holding on: Savanna is seen snowboarding in this photo taken a few years ago . Cynthia had run over to a neighbor's house a little after 5:00 am, saying that David, 52, had been threatening her with a gun and trying to get help. Then, while she was out, he shot their children and then himself. Volusia Sheriff Ben Johnson said there was a history of domestic violence at the home. According to court records, David and Cynthia were going through a divorce and had filed papers for dissolution of marriage in May of this year. A protective order was also in place.
highlights: David Mohney shot his three children and then himself in a tragic murder-suicide Friday morning, killing his son David and daughter Savanna . His other daughter, Lauren, who is just 9, was in critical condition at a nearby hospital but has now been upgraded to stable . All three were found in their bedrooms and had been sleeping when they were shot . This occurred a little after 5:00 am while his wife Cynthia was at a neighbor's to get away from the man, who was threatening her with a gun she claimed . The family lived in an upscale and secluded neighborhood in Port Orange, Florida . David and Cynthia were going through a divorce and there was a history of domestic violence at the home .
id: b3019c161a4887623c512f83afe958b932ec8bc0
chatgpt: A tragic murder-suicide in Port Orange, Florida has left two children dead and one in critical condition. According to reports, David Mohney, the father of the children, shot his son and daughter, Savanna and David, before turning the gun on himself. His other daughter, Lauren, was also shot but survived and has since been upgraded to stable condition. The incident occurred early Friday morning, a little after 5:00 am, while Cynthia, Mohney's wife and the mother of the children, was at a neighbor's house. She claimed that Mohney had been threatening her with a gun, which led her to seek refuge at the neighbor's residence. It was during her absence that the horrific events unfolded. All three of the children were found in their bedrooms and had been sleeping when they were shot. The family lived in an upscale and secluded neighborhood, adding to the shock and tragedy of the situation. Mohney and Cynthia were going through a divorce, and there was a history of domestic violence at the home. The community has been left reeling by the news of this senseless act of violence. Friends and neighbors of the family expressed their shock and disbelief that such a tragedy could occur in their quiet community. It is unclear at this time what led Mohney to take such drastic and violent actions. Police have launched an investigation into the incident and are working to piece together what happened leading up to the murder-suicide. The surviving daughter, Lauren, is currently receiving medical care, and her recovery has been described as a "miracle" given the severity of her injuries. This tragic event serves as a heartbreaking reminder of the importance of addressing domestic violence and the devastating impact it can have on families. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and the community during this difficult time.