article: (CNN) -- Fernando Torres rediscovered his scoring touch with a double at Stamford Bridge as Chelsea romped to a 5-0 win over Genk in their Champions League Group E match Wednesday. The Spanish international striker had not scored in European club football for over two years, but looked dangerous throughout and might easily have had a hat-trick. The Belgian visitors were up against it from the start and after Torres hit the post, Raul Mereiles scored with a thumping shot from outside the penalty area. Torres was soon on the score sheet with a neat side foot effort and added his second with a well-placed header from a Mereiles cross. Branislav Ivanovic headed home from a Florent Malouda free kick for the fourth just before halftime. Torres, who was rested at the weekend, looked sharp as he went in search of his third and he was denied by Genk keeper Laszlo Koteles only for Salomon Kalou to grab the fifth from the rebound. Chelsea lead Bayer Leverkusen by a point after the German side beat Valencia 2-1 in the other Group E match. Former Chelsea midfielder Michael Ballack was the inspiration for Leverkusen, who fell behind to a goal from Brazil striker Jonas. But they hit back through goals by midfielders Andre Schuerrle and Sidney Sam after the break, with ex-Germany captain Ballack setting up the winner with a superb defense-splitting pass. Meanwhile in Group F,  Arsenal made sure it was a good night for English Premier League sides with a last-gasp victory over Marseille in the Stade Velodrome. The game was headed for a 0-0 draw when substitute Aaron Ramsey cropped up for the precious winner as Arsenal go top of the group by a point from their French opponents. Olympiakos of Greece beat German champions Borussia Dortmund 3-1 in the other match in the group to keep alive their hopes of qualification for the knockout stages. Jose Holebas, a German player of Greek descent, headed the opener for the home side after just eight minutes. Dortmund deservedly leveled through Polish striker Robert Lewandowski midway through the first half, but five minutes before the break Rafik Djebbour restored the Olympiakos lead. With the visitors pressing, Olympiakos broke upfield to win a free kick and defender Francois Modesto headed home from Ariel Ibagaza's delivery to seal the victory.
highlights: Chelsea beat Genk 5-0 in Champions League E match at Stamford Bridge . Fernando Torres scores twice in easy win as Chelsea top group . Bayer Leverksusen beat Valencia 3-1 in other Group E game . Aaron Ramsey scores injury time winner for Arsenal at Marseille .
id: f6da29a2d69dcb98c83475c525ae53460ef87b2a
chatgpt: Chelsea cruised to a comfortable 5-0 victory over Genk in their Champions League clash at Stamford Bridge. The Blues started the match brightly and took the lead in the 10th minute when Fernando Torres capitalised on a defensive error to score his first goal of the night. Chelsea continued to dominate proceedings and doubled their lead on the half-hour mark when Branislav Ivanovic powered a header into the back of the net. Torres scored his second goal of the game just before half-time, putting the Blues firmly in control with a 3-0 lead. Genk tried to mount a comeback in the second half, but Chelsea's defence held firm, limiting the visitors to few clear-cut chances. Raul Meireles added a fourth goal in the 74th minute, before Salomon Kalou rounded off the scoring with a fifth goal in injury time. The result sees Chelsea top Group E with seven points from three games, having won two and drawn one. Valencia and Bayer Leverkusen are both on six points, with Valencia suffering a 3-1 defeat at the hands of Leverkusen on Tuesday night. In the other Group E game, Arsenal left it late to secure a 1-0 victory over Marseille at the Stade Velodrome. The Gunners looked set to share the spoils with the hosts until Aaron Ramsey scored a last-gasp winner in injury time. The Welshman's goal came in the dying moments of the game, with Ramsey rifling home from close range after a cross from Theo Walcott. Marseille threw everything at Arsenal in the final few minutes, but the Gunners held on for a vital victory. The win sees Arsenal climb to second place in Group F with six points, two points behind leaders Borussia Dortmund. Marseille are third with three points, while Olympiakos are bottom with just one point from three games. Overall, it was a successful night for the English clubs in Europe, with Chelsea and Arsenal both securing crucial victories. The Champions League campaign continues next week, with Arsenal hosting Marseille and Chelsea travelling to Genk.