article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:43 EST, 7 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:45 EST, 7 November 2013 . A dead baby has been found entombed in a concrete-filled tub in a family's garage in Missouri. Prosecutors are now deliberating over whether to bring charges against the family in Pleasant Hill as questions remain over whether the baby was stillborn or died after birth. The grisly discovery was made when police went to the house at 6pm on Monday following a report of a stolen car. They allegedly found the vehicle parked behind the home. They then received the father's permission to search the house and found a plastic tub filled with concrete, raising suspicions, Chief Robert Driscoll said. They found the baby's body inside, he said. Grisly discovery: Police found a baby encased in concrete in a tub at this Pleasant Hill, Missouri home Monday . 'During the course of that investigation, . it led us not only to the stolen auto and to some minor drug . paraphernalia and drugs, but it also led us to a capsule that we . believed contained a body of an infant that had possibly been born . sometime in the first part of October,' Driscoll told Fox4. An autopsy is being carried out to determine if the baby was alive when he or she was born and authorities said a decision on charges would be made following the autopsy report. As investigators tried to determine whether a crime had been committed, neighbors said one most certainly had been. 'There's no reason that a baby should be put in placement of concrete in a tub. That's not a proper burial, and that's not what we all stand for,' neighbor Kurt Brent told Fox 4 Kansas City. Authorities would not say whether the baby was a boy or a girl, and neighbors said the mother had not looked pregnant. The father, who has not been identified, was briefly detained for questioning but was released. Authorities added that the family is co-operating with the investigation. Morbid: The body was found in the garage, pictured, but an autopsy has yet to determine if the child was stillborn or died after birth. Charges could be filed following the autopsy report . In further developments, it emerged that the mother has been in the hospital for several weeks, and that her four other children have been staying with grandparents, authorities said. Neighbor Rick Gleim told KSHB that the discovery had stunned the quiet neighborhood, but that they had had suspicions that not all was right at the home. Gleim said there had been many visitors at the house recently but that the the mother hadn't been seen for weeks. 'I'm even scared now to live here, because I'm not going to know what's going on next door,' he said. 'All of a sudden, it's like "wow", and you find all of this stuff going on.' See below for video .
highlights: Police discovered tub filled with concrete while searching home in Pleasant Hill 'after finding a stolen car at the house' They learned that it contained a baby who was stillborn or died after birth . Authorities waiting for autopsy results before deciding on charges .
id: 4751c4c5510ccf13d90d24cd5cf4b6730ffb4e02
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a home in Pleasant Hill after police discovered a tub filled with concrete during a search of the property. This disturbing find was made after officers located a stolen car at the house and decided to carry out a search. As they went through the home, investigators descended upon a tub that was filled with concrete. It was a disturbing sight, and authorities soon realized that the concrete was concealing something even more horrifying. The tub contained the remains of a baby who was either stillborn or had died shortly after being born. Law enforcement officials are sure that the baby was concealed in the tub with the intention of preventing its discovery. The shocking discovery was made on September 17th, 2021, and authorities are still coming to grips with what happened. An autopsy is presently underway, and authorities are eagerly awaiting the results as they seek to determine the cause of death. As part of the investigation, police have detained several individuals, and charges may be levied depending on the findings of the autopsy. The detectives have reported that they suspect foul play and are urging anyone with information to come forward. The discovery of the hidden infant has left residents in Pleasant Hill shocked, and an outpouring of concern has been seen across the community. Many are asking how this could have happened, and some are demanding that those responsible be brought to justice. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has also weighed in on the issue, releasing a statement indicating that they will provide support to local and national law enforcement agencies who may be involved in the investigation. The center has offered their resources and assistance to investigators who are working tirelessly to bring closure to this tragic case. Local residents have also taken to social media to express their sadness and anger about the discovery. One resident wrote, "My heart is broken at the news of what was discovered in our community. The thought that something this heinous could happen is beyond comprehension." The community is looking for answers, and officials assure them that they will leave no stone uncovered. Investigators are exploring all avenues as they put together the evidence surrounding the case. This is a developing story, and more updates will be provided as further information becomes available. The public is urged to come forward with any information that may lead to an arrest in the case. The discovery of the tub filled with concrete has rocked the community and left many people seeking justice for the innocent life that was lost so tragically.