article: Domestic violence is more prevalent in suburbs with more bottle shops and pubs, a government inquiry has found. The hearing, which was submitted by The Foundation for Alcohol Research and Education (FARE), concluded that the only way to adequately protect women and children is by tackling alcohol abuse. It revealed that over half of all police call outs for domestic violence involve alcohol. The hearing, which comes from The Foundation for Alcohol Research and Education (FARE), found that half of all police call-outs for domestic violence involve alcohol . FARE chief executive Michael Thorn said 'It's important  that alcohol advertising does not promote sexist attitudes,' since the majority of domestic violence is committed by men . Chief Executive of Fare Michael Thorn told Daily Mail 'domestic violence has been an issue on our radar for many years.' Michael Thorn (pictured) says alcohol companies are targeting lower socio-economic neighbourhoods by opening more alcohol there . 'The narrative goes that where alcohol is involved you see higher rates of domestic violence, as well as a greater severity in the attacks.' The results showed that in Melbourne, a 10 per cent increase in liquor stores over the past decade has amounted to a 3.3 per cent increase in family violence rates in the same areas. In Western Australia, violence in homes increased by 26 per cent for every additional 10,000 litres of alcohol sold. 'There are strong socio-economic links. Alcohol companies are targeting the poorer suburbs by opening more liquor outlets there. This is something which urgently needs to be addressed.' Thorn says that advertising and marketing agencies also need to be pressured in order to curb domestic violence. 'Alcohol advertising remains to be very blokey, often broadcast in correlation with sporting events. 'The reality is that domestic violence is a very complex issue with some fundamental gender dimensions.The vast amount of perpetrators are men. The home page of the The Foundation for Alcohol Research and Education (FARE), who arranged this weeks inquiry into domestic violence . The results showed that in Western Australia, violence in homes increased by 26 per cent for every additional 10,000 litres of alcohol sold . 'It's important with this in mind that alcohol advertising does not promote sexist attitudes.' Mr Thorn says that government co-operation is vital in addressing the issue. 'The government should be looking more seriously at preventative measures. I think alcohol treatment and domestic violence services should be working together on the issue. 'Lastly, we need to tighten up on any discounted booze sales. The biggest influence on alcohol abuse is the price, so addressing alcohol tax would have an significant effect also.' 'Overall, we need to acknowledge that the availability of alcohol is contributing significantly to domestic violence.
highlights: The Foundation for Alcohol Research and Education (FARE) has lead a parliamentary hearing into domestic violence and alcohol . In Melbourne, a 10 per cent increase in liquor stores over the past decade has amounted to a 3.3 per cent increase in family violence . In Western Australia, violence in homes increased by 26 per cent for every additional 10,000 litres of alcohol sold . FARE Chief Executive Michael Thorn says alcohol companies are targeting low-socio-economic suburbs . He says it's important that alcohol companies don't perpetrate sexist attitudes . Mr Thorn says alcohol treatment and domestic violence services should be working together .
id: f20f4c9ff6a2578706bacbe5937009d05cb5d9b8
chatgpt: The Foundation for Alcohol Research and Education (FARE) has been leading a parliamentary hearing into the link between domestic violence and alcohol. The hearing in Melbourne uncovered some alarming statistics about the increase in family violence that is directly linked to alcohol consumption. Over the past decade, there has been a 10 per cent increase in liquor stores, which has resulted in a 3.3 per cent increase in family violence. There is also evidence from Western Australia that shows how alcohol consumption directly contributes to family violence. For every additional 10,000 litres of alcohol sold, there has been a 26 per cent increase in violence within the home. These statistics have prompted FARE Chief Executive Michael Thorn to call on alcohol companies to do more to address the issue. Thorn has accused alcohol companies of targeting low-socio-economic suburbs, where there is already a higher risk of domestic violence. He says that alcohol companies need to take responsibility for their actions and not perpetuate sexist attitudes that are often associated with alcohol consumption. One of the key recommendations from the hearing is for alcohol treatment and domestic violence services to work together. This would help to address the underlying issues that can lead to family violence. Thorn says that too often, these services work separately and fail to address the root cause of the problem. The hearing has also highlighted the need for greater education and awareness around the issue of domestic violence and alcohol. Many people are unaware of how alcohol consumption can contribute to family violence. It can lead to greater aggression and a reduced ability to control one's emotions. FARE is calling for greater regulation of the alcohol industry in order to tackle the issue of family violence. This includes greater restrictions on alcohol advertising, particularly in low-socio-economic areas. The foundation is also calling for a review of the way in which alcohol is taxed, in order to make it more expensive and less accessible to those who are most vulnerable. The hearing in Melbourne is just the first step in addressing the issue of domestic violence and alcohol. FARE and other organisations will continue to push for greater awareness and action in order to tackle this serious issue. With greater education and awareness, we can all play a part in reducing the incidence of family violence linked to alcohol.