article: (CNN) -- There will be no more Mo'ne Davis, at least for now. The Sports Illustrated cover girl and her Philadelphia team are out of the Little League World Series after losing an elimination game Thursday night in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, to a squad from Chicago. Mo'ne's Taney Dragons jumped out to a quick 2-0 lead, but it didn't last. The Jackie Robinson West Little League club went ahead 4-2 in the bottom of the first inning, and added two more runs the next frame. Taney narrowed the score to 6-4 in the fourth inning, then to 6-5 the next. But despite advancing the tying runner to third base in the bottom of the sixth and final inning, the Dragons couldn't finish off the comeback. The result means Chicago will face off against Las Vegas at 3:30 p.m. ET Saturday for the U.S. championship. The winner of that game plays for the World Series title on Sunday. It also ends Mo'ne's high-profile run on youth baseball's biggest stage. While other girls have played in the World Series, none have gotten the same attention as the South Philadelphia resident and Taney Dragons standout. The 13-year-old became a national sensation after tossing a shutout -- giving up three hits and notching six strikeouts in the process -- to help Taney become one of the final 16 World Series contenders. Mo'ne persistently deflected attention to her teammates -- all of them boys -- even as the media consistently made her the headline. She recalled how she happened into baseball after a coach spotted her tossing a football, how her stellar play caught some off-guard and how she interacts with her teammates. One would expect, then, that this will all die down. Mo'ne is too old to be in another World Series. But that doesn't mean we won't hear from her again. The Sports Illustrated cover says it straight out: "Mo'ne -- remember her name (as if we could ever forget)." The accompanying story says Mo'ne's first love is basketball and her dream is to play for legendary coach Geno Auriemma's University of Connecticut team. Elliott Hughes-Taylor doesn't doubt Mo'ne can do it, saying she "completely dominated the Philly league (despite) every play matching up with 6-foot-2, 6-3 boys." "Everyone's seen her pitch," Hughes-Taylor, Mo'ne's coach in soccer, told SI. "Well, I promise you, she's five times better at basketball." Meet Mo'ne Davis .
highlights: Mo'ne Davis is a star pitcher for a Philadelphia Little League team -- and a girl . The World Series' most hyped player makes the cover of Sports Illustrated . Her team loses 6-5 to Chicago, failing to advance to the U.S. championship game .
id: 93499b80538bcc4dd79eb9ab92181f6ee2acfe8f
chatgpt: Mo'ne Davis has been making waves in the Little League World Series and now, after appearing on the cover of Sports Illustrated, she's become a household name. The 13-year-old girl has been a star pitcher for her Philadelphia-based team, leading them to the forefront of the tournament.  However, despite her impressive performance, her team was unable to advance to the U.S championship game. In a tight matchup against the Chicago team, Philadelphia lost by a score of 6-5. Despite the loss, Davis has become a symbol of empowerment for young girls everywhere.  Davis' journey to the World Series began with her simply wanting to play baseball. Despite some push back from people who thought baseball was only for boys, Davis persisted and quickly became a standout player. Her talent on the field caught the attention of many, including the editors of Sports Illustrated, who put her on the cover of their magazine.  This kind of attention is not just limited to Davis. The Little League World Series has given young athletes the chance to shine on a national stage. These kids, ranging in age from 10 to 13 years old, are proving to be truly exceptional players.  Despite the loss to Chicago, Davis remains optimistic about the future. Her skill and determination have shown that girls can compete on the same level as boys, regardless of the sport. Her performance has been a rallying cry for gender equality and her success will hopefully inspire young girls to pursue their passions no matter what limitations society might impose.  The Little League World Series might only occur once a year, but the impact it has on young athletes and sports fans alike is immeasurable. For Mo'ne Davis, it has been a once in a lifetime opportunity that will surely lead to bigger and better things in the future. With her talent and determination, it's only a matter of time before she is back on the national stage, inspiring a new generation of athletes.