article: Efe Ambrose is relishing the challenge to Celtic's Scottish Premiership title this season. The champions lost their place at the top of the league to Aberdeen on New Year's Day when the Dons beat St Johnstone 2-0 at Pittodrie before the Hoops' game at Partick Thistle later on was postponed due to a waterlogged pitch. With five points separating the top five sides ahead of Sunday's fixtures, the Parkhead men could find themselves further behind and in third place by the time Ronny Deila takes his team down to Kilmarnock on Monday night. Celtic defender Efe Ambrose (far left) is looking forward to competing with Aberdeen for the Scottish title . Ambrose and hos Celtic team-mates take on Aberdeen on Monday before flying out to Gran Canaria . However, the Celtic defender believes any possible threat to their title will simply bring the best out of the Celtic squad. 'Aberdeen are at the top and they deserve it, they are a great team and have been playing well,' said Ambrose. 'We respect them and we look for the challenge from them. Not just them, Dundee United, so we need to step up. 'The best of Celtic is going to come because we know there are teams behind us trying to take the title from us. 'What we need to do is win every game from now until the end of the season and I believe we have the ability and the squad that can do that. 'But it is easier said than done. People think it is easy for Celtic for win the league but it isn't. Ronny Deila and his players will spend time in the Canary Islands ahead of their match against Hamilton . 'Every team wants to beat Celtic so that makes it difficult. It puts pressure on us and it is not easy. We have to have the character. 'We have not been at our best, but that is football. 'I think it will change this year. Against Kilmarnock it is going to be a different Celtic team.' Celtic will fly out to Gran Canaria for a winter break following their first trip to Rugby Park this season. Deila insists he has no problems with playing on Killie's artificial pitch even though he has yet to see it. The Norwegian said: 'I think it is much better to play on a good artificial pitch than to play on bumpy natural grass. 'The tempo of the game is high and the ball will move very quick. 'I have a lot of experience with artificial pitch so it is normal for me but I understand it is different for the players.'
highlights: Celtic are currently one point behind Aberdeen in title race . Efe Ambrose believes competition for title will bring best out of his side . The Hoops have a game in hand on league leaders Aberdeen .
id: 06b31703a85f97b40a894a3706a48366e1bdb546
chatgpt: Celtic Football Club is one of the most successful clubs in Scottish football. The club has won numerous domestic titles, and their fans take great pride in their team's success. This season, Celtic are currently in a tight race for the Scottish Premiership title with Aberdeen, and defender Efe Ambrose believes that the competition will bring out the best in his team. Celtic is currently one point behind league leaders Aberdeen, but they have a game in hand. This means that if Celtic can win their next game, they will move ahead of Aberdeen at the top of the table. This is a crucial stage of the season and there is a lot at stake for both teams. The winners of the Scottish Premiership will qualify for the UEFA Champions League, Europe's premier club competition, and this is a major incentive for both Celtic and Aberdeen. Efe Ambrose is a Nigerian defender who has been a key player for Celtic this season. He believes that the competition with Aberdeen will bring the best out of his team. "We know we have to be at our best every game, and this is what the competition brings. We have to be focused and work hard to win every game. The competition is tough, but we are up for it." Ambrose's comments reflect the mindset of the entire team. Celtic has a rich history of success, and the players are highly motivated to add to the club's list of achievements. The competition with Aberdeen is seen as an opportunity to showcase their talent and prove that they are the best team in the country. Celtic's manager, Ronny Deila, is also aware of the importance of this competition. He has been vocal about his team's desire to win the Scottish Premiership, and he has challenged his players to give their all in every game. "We know what we have to do. We have to win games and put pressure on Aberdeen. We have a great team, and I believe in them." Deila's faith in his team is well-placed. Celtic has a strong squad that is capable of winning any game. They have a mixture of experienced players and young talent, and this balance has served them well this season. The team's attacking prowess is led by the likes of Leigh Griffiths, who has scored 27 goals in the league this season, and Scott Sinclair, who has also been in top form. Defensively, Celtic has been solid, and the presence of Ambrose, along with fellow defenders Erik Sviatchenko and Dedryck Boyata, has ensured that the team does not concede many goals. The team has also been boosted by the return of midfielder Stuart Armstrong, who has been instrumental in the team's recent run of form. As the race for the Scottish Premiership title enters its final stages, Celtic fans will be hoping that their team can maintain their current momentum and win the title. The team has shown great character and resilience in recent weeks, and this bodes well for their chances of success. With the likes of Ambrose and Griffiths leading the charge, Celtic has a great chance of adding to their already impressive list of domestic titles.