article: Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Libyan militias surrendered their Tripoli bases to the military on Thursday, nearly a week after growing public anger over the presence of armed groups in the capital sparked deadly clashes. In a series of ceremonies across the coastal city, militias from Tripoli as well as smaller towns such as Zintan handed over their bases to the authorities, including the Ministry of Defence and Libyan air force. These included the Mitiga airbase, as well as the Islamic Call Center. Public anger has been growing over the armed groups' refusal to disarm in the two years since they toppled the North African country's longtime leader, Moammar Gadhafi. Last Friday, Tripoli residents marched on the headquarters of militias from the city of Misrata. The militia opened fire on unarmed demonstrators, unleashing heavy clashes that left 47 people dead and more than 500 injured in the worst violence in the city in two years. Misrata militias withdrew from Tripoli earlier this week, but it was not immediately clear where the militias that handed over their bases on Thursday would go. They include a number of powerful and heavily armed groups. Other groups remain in Tripoli. Government officials attending the ceremonies nonetheless praised the handover as a major step toward building the Libyan state and its security forces. During a press conference at one of the ceremonies, Prime Minister Ali Zeidan lashed out at a reporter who asked whether the government had guarantees the handovers were real, and not ceremonial. "We are not joking here, we are not in a theater to be acting" Zeidan said. "We are serious about this. ... We have a duty to fulfill and we will fulfill it God willing. The weapons that were in the hands of these groups was the security threat and now this threat has disappeared". While many Libyans welcomed the move toward disarming militias, the real impact on the ground has yet to be seen. In a country still awash with weapons, Libya's fledgling state security forces remain outgunned by former rebel fighters. Zeidan's government is struggling to assert its authority. Zeidan was himself briefly abducted by militiamen last month.
highlights: Last week, the worst violence in the capital in two years left 47 dead . Country has been awash in militias since Moammar Gadhafi's overthrow . Prime minister attends a handover ceremony .
id: 3ee7d2af17fe4ded5eda36e53a4aca71a77f3e02
chatgpt: Tensions are high in Libya after the worst bout of violence in the capital, Tripoli, in over two years. Last week, 47 people lost their lives as rival militia groups clashed, leaving scores of others injured. The country has been struggling to curb rampant violence since the removal of former dictator Moammar Gadhafi in 2011.  The militias have long been a problem in Libya, vying for control of the country, exploiting its vast oil resources while causing unprecedented instability. The violence last week brought the city to a standstill as people fled the streets amid heavy gunfire and shelling. The government declared a state of emergency, calling on various groups to lay down their arms, but reports suggest that fighting has persisted in various parts of the city. As the violence escalates, the newly appointed Prime Minister Abdul Hamid Dbeibah attended a handover ceremony, signaling his intention to unite the country and work towards peace. In his first public speech, the Prime Minister denounced the violence, saying it is “a great challenge facing the Libyan state, and it threatens its stability, security, and future precisely at a time when it needs all possible efforts to overcome saboteurs and outsiders who conspire to hinder its success.” The Prime Minister's speech comes at a time when the Libyan people are calling for an end to the current turmoil that has beset the country. There is growing impatience with the government's inability to deal with the situation, and many have called for sustained dialogue that would bring the various militias and armed groups around the negotiating table. As the world watches the situation in Libya with growing concern, the international community has called for an end to the violence and renewed efforts at dialogue. The UN envoy to Libya, Jan Kubis, has recently signaled his intention to hold a series of meetings with Libyan stakeholders, calling for a comprehensive security strategy that would address the root causes of the conflict.  Libya's Prime Minister has a monumental task ahead of him. The country's political leadership will need to work together to bring the militias under control, dismantle armed groups, and restore stability to the country. The people of Libya are yearning for the return of law and order, and it is up to the government and the international community to make this a reality. The world remains hopeful that the Prime Minister and his government can deliver on their promises to bring lasting peace to the troubled nation.