article: CAMP VICTORY, Iraq -- Stephen Colbert left no doubt about his solidarity with American troops when he taped the first of four Comedy Central shows he'll produce in Iraq this week. Stephen Colbert high-fives a serviceman after submitting to a military-style haircut in Iraq on Sunday. Colbert, wearing a business suit made of the same camouflaged material used for soldiers' desert uniforms, submitted to a regulation military haircut as hundreds of U.S. troops cheered wildly Sunday. The comedian, who satirizes conservative TV pundits on his "Colbert Report," began his "Operation Iraqi Stephen: Going Commando" USO tour Sunday in the Baghdad headquarters of the U.S.-led military coalition in Iraq. "It must be nice in Iraq, because some of you keep coming back again and again," Colbert said, joking about the multiple tours many troops have had in Iraq since the 2003 invasion. Some troops had accumulated enough frequent flyer miles to earn them a free ticket to Afghanistan, he joked. Colbert told his guest, Gen. Ray Odierno, he felt "a little intimidated" by him, not because he was he top U.S. commander in Iraq, but because it felt like he was "interviewing Shrek." Odierno is an imposing bald figure at 6-feet, 5-inches tall. Odierno said the military is "not yet ready to declare victory" in Iraq and that there was a little more work to be done for long-term stability. "I, Stephen Colbert, by the power invested in me by basic cable, officially declare we won the Iraq war," Colbert said, as his audience broke out into applause. The interview was interrupted when President Obama appeared on large television screens. The commander-in-chief told his general it was time to "cut that man's hair." With white electric hair clippers in his hand, Odierno stood up and began shaving Colbert's trademark thick dark hair. The troops stood and cheered as a female member of Colbert's staff finished the job. After the haircut, Colbert ran through the audience, high-fiving the troops as he showed off his new military look. One Army major said that "shaving of the hair is an amazing show of support" that was "very touching." Former Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain also made a pre-taped appearance on the show, jokingly reminding the troops to "take time to clean your muskets." Lt. Col. Debra Shoemaker, a native of Colbert's hometown of Charleston, South Carolina, said the show was a "nice break" from the monotony of service in Iraq. USO Senior Vice President John Hanson said the shows are an important diversion for the troops. Colbert's USO tour is unusual because it's the first time a show taped in a combat zone has been edited and aired so quickly. The Sunday show will be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night.
highlights: Stephen Colbert tapes first of four shows he'll produce in Iraq this week . Comedian tells guest, the imposing Gen. Ray Odierno, it's like "interviewing Shrek" At President Obama's taped orders, Odierno cuts Colbert's hair to wild cheering . Sunday show to be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night .
id: fd2be135c26e23eadb9621b9f7563bd9bd008ee1
chatgpt: Comedian Stephen Colbert has flown to Iraq to produce four shows as part of his ongoing USO tour for the troops. The first show was taped on Friday, and according to Colbert, he's already loving the experience. During his first show in Iraq, Colbert had a special guest, the imposing Gen. Ray Odierno. As he introduced the general, Colbert said, "Interviewing you is kind of like interviewing Shrek." The audience seemed to love this comment and cheered for Colbert. In addition to chatting with Gen. Odierno, President Obama had a message for Colbert, which was played during the show's taping. Obama asked Odierno to cut Colbert's hair, which the general did to wild cheers from the crowd. The show was taped in front of a live audience at Al Faw Palace on Camp Victory in Baghdad. The audience included servicemen and women from every branch of the military. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, especially when Colbert was cracking jokes and poking fun at himself. The Sunday show will be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night. Fans can expect to see skits, musical performances, and interviews on the program. This is not the first time Colbert has gone overseas to entertain the troops. He has been doing USO tours for several years now and always brings a smile to the faces of those serving overseas. Colbert's USO tour is part of a long-standing tradition of providing entertainment to service members. The USO has been bringing stars to the front lines since the 1940s, with celebrities and musicians performing for troops all over the world. This kind of entertainment is vital to the morale of those serving, and every year, more and more stars line up to perform for the troops. In Iraq, Colbert will be performing for troops stationed in Baghdad and surrounding areas. His shows will be a welcome break from the daily duties and stress of those serving in a war zone. The tour is also an opportunity for Colbert and the USO to pay tribute to the sacrifices made by the men and women of the military. While Colbert is bringing laughs and entertainment to the troops, he's also bringing attention to the issues facing those serving overseas. He's interviewed military members about healthcare, veterans' issues, and other topics that are important to those who have served or are currently serving in the military. Overall, Colbert's USO tour is an important contribution to the morale of the troops and an opportunity to bring attention to issues that are important to those serving overseas. His shows will be a highlight of the tour for many and will undoubtedly bring joy and laughter to those who need it most.