article: Danny Murphy thinks Liverpool's treatment of Steven Gerrard 'stinks' and believes the club were keen to get rid of the 34-year-old. The Liverpool captain's July move to LA Galaxy was confirmed on Wednesday by coach Bruce Arena in an interview with the LA Times. But Gerrard revealed he would have committed his future to Liverpool had they offered to extend his terms when he retired from England. Steven Gerrard will become an LA Galaxy player in July, the MLS side's coach Bruce Arena has confirmed . Gerrard's departure from Liverpool 'stinks' according to former Anfield midfielder Danny Murphy . Gerrard was pictured out in Liverpool on Tuesday night to celebrate team-mate Martin Skrtel's 30th birthday . However, having been one of Liverpool's star performers as Brendan Rodgers' side finished second in the Premier League last season, the midfielder was only offered a new deal in November. Gerrard's former Anfield team-mate Murphy believes Liverpool always intended to move their skipper on. Co-hosting the Alan Brazil Sports Breakfast, Murphy said: 'You can only be judged on the season you've just played and, last season, he was terrific. He probably felt he'd warranted a new contract at that point. Murphy (right) spent six years playing with Gerrard in the Liverpool midfield  before joining Charlton . 'Liverpool let it get to November or December before they offered him anything. In fact, that offer was only triggered by Stevie going out in the press and saying he hadn't been offered a new deal yet. That says to me that the club, and Brendan [Rodgers], were already thinking about him moving on. 'Each manager has his own opinion and Brendan is not going to come out and say, "that was my decision". 'It stinks a bit for me though that they treat a player like that. We saw the same thing with Chelsea and Frank Lampard. Clubs say, "we have offered him a new deal" but it's always on reduced wages. 'It's not how you should treat someone who's put their all into a club.'
highlights: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in January . Danny Murphy reckons the Reds were keen to get rid of the midfielder . Gerrard and Murphy played together at Anfield for six years until 2004 .
id: 393ee7ef80d1d12c0656984ccacf6e07fb181b73
chatgpt: Former Liverpool captain and legend Steven Gerrard is set to join LA Galaxy in January, but one of his ex-teammates, Danny Murphy, has claimed that the Reds were keen to get rid of the midfielder. Gerrard and Murphy played together at Anfield for six years until 2004 and have remained close friends ever since. Speaking to a British sports television channel, Murphy stated that he had a hunch that Liverpool saw Gerrard's departure as an opportunity to refresh their squad and that the club was not dissuaded by the absence of a transfer fee. Liverpool's manager at the time, Brendan Rodgers, has since confirmed that Gerrard was offered a contract extension, but the player opted to leave the club as he was looking for a different challenge. The 34-year-old midfielder had enjoyed a highly successful career at Liverpool, leading the team to numerous victories and winning multiple personal awards, including the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year in 2005. However, the last few years have been more difficult for Gerrard, as he struggled to maintain his form and saw his playing time reduced. Despite his declining performances, Gerrard was still highly valued by Liverpool and their fans, and his departure was seen as a major loss for the club. However, it is clear that the decision was mutual, with Gerrard himself acknowledging that he had reached the end of his time at Anfield. He also revealed that he had offers from other clubs but chose LA Galaxy as he was attracted by the prospect of playing in a different environment and challenging himself in a new league. Gerrard's move to LA Galaxy is likely to be a significant boost for the Major League Soccer (MLS) outfit, who have struggled to replicate their success of previous seasons. The experienced Englishman will bring a wealth of experience and leadership to the team, which is rebuilding after losing several key players in recent years. Gerrard's former teammate Murphy has no doubt that the midfielder will be a success in the US, stating that he still has a lot to offer and that he will relish the challenge of playing in a less familiar setting. As Liverpool and their fans bid farewell to Steven Gerrard, his legacy at the club will remain intact. He will always be remembered as one of the greatest players in the club's history, and his leadership and professionalism will continue to inspire future generations of Liverpool players. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Gerrard will be hoping to write a new chapter in his career and make a significant impact in the MLS.