article: By . Rik Sharma . PUBLISHED: . 09:21 EST, 3 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:18 EST, 3 November 2012 . A teen mum is on the run with her one-month-old daughter and a boyfriend who is wanted in relation to a homicide, according to police. Californian Diana Zamora Cardenas, 16, and her baby Davina are believed to be with the father, Nicolas Alcala, 19. Alcala allegedly killed Pedro Aispuro, 34, on June 4, by shooting him while he stood outside a taco truck in Huron. Missing: Diana Zamora Cardenas and her baby Davina Alcala are believed to be on the run with Nico Alcala . Police say he is armed and dangerous but that she left with him voluntarily. The Hanford Police department is searching for the trio and Lieutenant Pat Crowe said they were likely together. 'The baby daddy is the one we believe she left with or is going to meet up with,' he told The Huffington Post. Wanted: Alcala is the suspect in a murder investigation . Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims spoke to KFSN-TV on the day of the shooting. She said: 'He is currently wanted for a homicide that occurred in Fresno County.' 'There was a large gathering on the main street of that city. There was a fight and shots were fired. As a result one person is dead having been shot numerous times.' Aispuro's relatives told KFSN-TV that he had survied being shot four times during a separate shooting in January. Cardenas was last seen on Sunday with her daughter at home in Hanford before being reported missing by her mother later that day. Now they suspect the trio could be hiding in Avenal or Kettleman City and could even head to Mexico. Cardenas' friends have not been helpful with the search, according to inspectors. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children describes both Cardenas and Davina as Hispanic. She is about 5 feet 1 inch tall and has a birthmark on the inside of her left arm. Missing person profiles .
highlights: Nicolas Alcala is alleged to have shot and killed a man in June .
id: 8b9c44d42e49852cbf8e61eb0cda441e419aa2e8
chatgpt: A manhunt is underway for Nicolas Alcala, who is alleged to have shot and killed a man in June. The incident occurred in broad daylight in a busy street in downtown Los Angeles. The victim, whose identity has not yet been released, was shot several times and died at the scene. Eyewitnesses reported seeing Alcala at the scene of the crime. He was seen carrying a handgun and arguing with the victim before the shooting occurred. Alcala fled the scene before the police arrived and has been on the run ever since. Authorities have described Alcala as a dangerous individual who should not be approached. They have released a photo of the suspect and are urging members of the public to come forward with any information that could lead to his arrest. The motive for the shooting is unclear at this stage. Detectives are looking into the victim's background to determine if there were any links between him and Alcala. They are also investigating whether the shooting was gang-related. The incident has sent shockwaves through the local community, with many residents expressing their fears about the increasing levels of violence in the city. Some have called for more police presence in the area to help deter crime. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti has also spoken out about the shooting, saying that he is deeply saddened by the senseless violence that has taken place. He has urged residents to stay vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the authorities. The manhunt for Nicolas Alcala is ongoing. Anyone with information about his whereabouts is urged to contact the police immediately. Meanwhile, detectives continue to investigate the shooting in an effort to bring the perpetrator to justice and provide closure for the victim's family.