article: By . Ryan Gorman . and Associated  Press Reporter . A San Francisco fetish porn company has been fined $78,000 for allowing performers to make films without wearing condoms. Kink.com parent Cybernet Entertainment was handed the fine recently by California officials charging the company's lax prophylactic policy contributes to dangerous work conditions. The website is known for niche films primarily depicting dominance and submission scenes, and was also linked last year to two HIV-infected performers. Condoms required: CALOSHA regulations require companies to limit exposure amongst employees to blood and other bodily fluids - an implicit condom requirement . ‘The fines are excessive and, we believe, politically motivated,’ Cybernet founder Peter Acworth said in a statement. ‘The complaints which prompted the inspection were not made by actual employees, but by outside groups with a long history of opposition to adult film,’ he continued, vowing to appeal the fine. California Occupational Safety and Health Administration (CALOSHA) records revealed multiple citations issued in August against the porn producer, including a condom-optional policy that resulted in $75,000 in fines. CALOSHA spokesperson Peter Melton said the ‘significant’ fines resulted from multiple complaints against the company received last year. Fines were levied after an inspection triggered by an Aids Healthcare Foundation complaint against the website. The advocacy group was the main catalyst behind the law requiring all porn performers in Los Angeles County to wear condoms while being filmed. ‘We're all for sensible regulation that protects performers, website spokesman Mike Stabile said, ‘but this essentially amounts to a moral crusade. It's a solution in search of a problem.’ The performers who contracted HIV had done so off-set, but not requiring all professionals to wear condoms puts the entire roster at risk of infection. Not alone: Cybernet is the second California porn producer to face fines for charges related to not requiring condoms on the set, perhaps the reason as much as 95 per cent of the industry left the state for Las Vegas . The foundation dismissed the source of the infections, saying condoms should still be worn by all.‘That's neither here nor there,’ AHF spokesman Ged Kenslea, said, ‘because OSHA requires that condoms be used.’ State lawmakers voted down a law last year that would have required performers state-wide to wear condoms while on the job, but CALOSHA requirements designed to limit exposure to blood and other bodily fluids stipulate they be worn. Treasure Island Media, another Bay Area adult film producer, earlier this month lost an appeal of a similar citation resulting in a fine of almost $9,000. The passage of a formal law requiring condoms be used in Los Angeles has led the industry to flee to Las Vegas. Recent reports suggested as much as 95 per cent of the industry has already relocated to Sin City. Clark County, where the gambling mecca is located, has no law requiring condoms to be worn while filming.
highlights: Authorities say Kink.com parent Cybernet Entertainment was handed the fine after complaints triggered a workplace safety inspections . Cybernet is the second California-based porn producer to face such fines . As much as 95 per cent of the industry has fled the state to Las Vegas since laws requiring condoms on camera went into effect - Sin City has no such law .
id: b0558e12b3a8b82594f663df63d01a6fa0278a03
chatgpt: California-based porn production company Cybernet Entertainment has been fined by authorities after complaints regarding workplace safety triggered an inspection. The parent company of Kink.com has been handed the fine, which is not the first of its kind for the state's porn industry. Cybernet is actually the second California-based porn production company that has been fined due to workplace safety concerns. This brings up the larger issue that California's strict regulations regarding pornographic film production have had a severe impact on the industry. As much as 95 percent of the industry has now fled the state and relocated to Las Vegas, where no such laws exist. The reason for the mass exodus is rooted in regulation that requires pornographic performers to wear condoms while filming. This requirement was put in place by the California Occupational Safety and Health Standards Board in 2016, and has since caused the industry to hemorrhage jobs and revenue.  Many producers feel that the regulation is unnecessary and intrusive, arguing that responsible performers take care of their own safety measures by regularly getting tested for sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Moreover, many actors and producers feel that the use of condoms detracts from the fantasy and eroticism of the films themselves. In response to these complaints, many performers and producers fled the state to neighboring Nevada. Here, in "Sin City", no such regulation exists, allowing for greater creative license and freedom for actors and producers alike. For this reason, Nevada has become a haven for performers and industry professionals who feel stifled by California's unwieldy regulations. While regulators have stated that the condom mandate is meant to protect the performers themselves, many in the industry feel that the regulations are unnecessary and simply serve to restrict their creative freedom. Despite the exodus of businesses from California, it seems unlikely that the regulations will be repealed any time soon. This has led many in the industry to seek out alternative locations to produce their films, and to lobby for more reasonable safety requirements that do not impede on their creative endeavors. In the meantime, Cybernet Entertainment is dealing with the fallout from the workplace safety inspection and the resulting fine. As the second California-based porn company to be hit with such a penalty, it remains to be seen whether others will follow suit or whether the industry will continue to relocate to friendlier, more regulation-light states. One thing is certain, however: as long as California continues to enforce restrictive regulations on the industry, producers and performers alike will continue to seek out alternative locations that allow them the freedom to make the films they want to make.