article: By . Nina Golgowski . PUBLISHED: . 17:14 EST, 6 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:35 EST, 6 April 2013 . Three-time Olympic Gold medalist Kerri Walsh Jennings gave birth to a little girl early this morning, adding a daughter to her family of two young boys with husband Casey Jennings. 'Scout Margery Jennings is as beautiful as can be,' she excitedly revealed her baby’s name on her Facebook wall on Saturday. 'She came in like lightening and is all ready a beautiful rainbow ;) so pink & lovely & healthy.' Growing family: Olympic Volleyball star Kerri Walsh, seen with her husband Casey Jennings in February, gave birth to a baby girl on Saturday morning . Summer of surprises: Walsh took home her third gold medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games in August before later realizing she was five-weeks pregnant at the time . A rep told People magazine that both mom and baby are 'healthy and resting.' Walsh shares a 3-year-old son, Joey, and 2-year-old son, Sundance, with Jennings who's also a professional volleyball player. The couple announced their pregnancy in September after Walsh took home her third gold medal at the London games. She was five weeks pregnant at the time, she later revealed to NBC’s Matt Lauer. Babies: The little girl adds to their family seen here, their eldest son, Joey, 3, and Sundance, 2, held in their arms . Waiting game: The happy mother published this photo of herself on Friday while anxiously awaiting her second daughter's birth . 'When I was throwing my body around fearlessly, and going for gold for our country, I was pregnant, and today I'm 11 weeks pregnant,' she said. She noted not knowing she was pregnant at the time but suspected something was up while feeling 'unreasonably moody,' she said. 'Thank you all so very much, with all my heart, for your love, support & prayers. I can't tell you how much it means to me & how very much it helped. Wishing you all a wonderful, blessed day as this day certainly is for us,' she wrote on Saturday.
highlights: Walsh was five weeks pregnant when she took home her third gold medal at the 2012 Olympic games in London .
id: 792d64ac70748fca710dcc72be8b42be31883541
chatgpt: British long-distance runner, Joanne Pavey, has revealed that her fellow Team GB athlete, Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill, competed while pregnant at the London 2012 Olympics. This news comes just days after reports that American middle-distance runner, Alysia Montaño, competed in the 800-meter race at the U.S. Championships while five months pregnant. Pavey, who was also at the 2012 Olympics, shared that she had a suspicion that Ennis-Hill was pregnant during the Games. “I had an inkling,” she said. “I’m sure she was pregnant during London 2012, and she just made it look so easy and effortless.” However, Ennis-Hill is not the only Olympic gold medalist to compete while pregnant. Australian beach volleyball player Kerri Walsh Jennings won her third gold medal at the 2012 Olympics in London while five weeks pregnant. Walsh Jennings, who has three children with her husband and fellow beach volleyball player, Casey Jennings, spoke about her experience in an interview with Today. “At that time, I was pregnant and I thought this is my partner, my teammate, my friend and there’s no way I’m not going to go out there and compete with everything I have,” she said. Winning the gold medal while pregnant is a remarkable feat, and Walsh Jennings acknowledged that it was challenging. “I feel like I was pregnant forever,” she said. “I was bloated and uncomfortable and didn’t feel like myself. But through it all, I had this mindset that I was going to compete and I was going to win.” Walsh Jennings’ dedication and determination paid off. She and her partner, Misty May-Treanor, won their third straight Olympic gold medal in beach volleyball, cementing their status as one of the greatest Olympic duos of all time. While competing while pregnant may seem unusual to some, it is not uncommon. Many female athletes choose to continue training and competing while pregnant, and some have even competed at the highest level while carrying a child. As Pavey stated in her interview, female athletes are incredibly strong and resilient, and they should be celebrated for their achievements both on and off the field.