article: A 34-year-old Julliard graduate leaped to her death from a 16th floor Manhattan apartment Thursday and in the process very nearly took a man passing by on the street below down with her. Samantha Cohn, who made a living as a Pilates instructor, took her own life around 10am. Seconds earlier, 59-year-old Matt Kovary passed by the very spot where the brunette beauty's body slammed into the sidewalk along Broadway. Perished: Brunette beauty Samantha Cohn plummeted to her death from a Manhattan apartment building Thursday and nearly too down a pedestrian passerby along with her . A police officer guards the section of sidewalk where Samantha Cohn fell . 'I thank God for sparing me because I would be dead too,' Kovary told the New York Post. 'I heard a loud explosion. It was right behind me.' There lay Cohn, who witnesses said was wearing her workout clothes, dead and crumpled in a pile. 'The sight was so horrific. She was just at my feet. She almost took me with her,' Kovary said. Cohn's suicide reportedly came after some recent bouts with mental health issues. In April, the former dancer reportedly disappeared for a week. 'They found her in the hospital, supposedly for heat exhaustion,' doorman and witness Jacques Tassy told the Post. 'When she came back, she seemed different. She wasn’t smiling as much.' A woman charged with checking in on the unwell woman from time to time arrived at the building just half an hour after the suicide and wept when she learned the victim was Cohn. Kovary called the woman's death senseless: 'All she needed were friends or someone to talk to,' he told the Post. In the U.S.: If you are . contemplating attempting suicide, there are people who can help. Call . the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255) In the U.K.: For confidential support call the Samaritans  on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch . 'I went to church twice and prayed to God to save her soul. I could have been dead': The Pilates instructor and Julliard dancer jumped from this building in Manhattan's Upper West Side. Seconds before, 59-year-old Matt Kovary passed the spot where she smashed into a sidewalk along Broadway and heard what he called an 'explosion' right behind him .
highlights: Samantha Cohn jumped from a building on Manhattan's Upper West Side on Thursday morning and nearly crushed Matt Kovary . The Julliard graduate was a Pilates instructor with a love of fashion . Kovary said she fell 'at his feet' and it sounded like 'a loud explosion'
id: f106fee457c00f0bee8fb90f9fe8c5319af65588
chatgpt: In a tragic incident that occurred on Thursday morning, at around 10 am, Samantha Cohn jumped from a building on Manhattan's Upper West Side. Her fall nearly crushed Matt Kovary, who was just steps away from her. Kovary, a local resident, was walking down the street when Cohn suddenly came crashing down, landing just inches away from him. Cohn, a recent Julliard graduate, was a Pilates instructor who was known for her love of fashion. Her friends and family are struggling to come to terms with her sudden demise and are mourning the loss of a talented and vibrant young woman. According to Kovary, who witnessed the incident, Cohn fell "at his feet," and the sound of her landing was like "a loud explosion." He recalled feeling the shockwave from the impact and being momentarily blinded by debris and dust. Emergency services rushed to the scene within minutes of the incident, but tragically, Cohn was pronounced dead at the scene. Investigators are still trying to determine the circumstances that led to her fall and are interviewing witnesses to the incident. The Upper West Side community was left reeling after the tragic incident. Many took to social media to express their shock and sadness, with some expressing concern for their safety in the wake of the incident. Speaking to reporters, Cohn's family expressed their sorrow and disbelief. "Samantha was a beautiful soul who brought joy and happiness to everyone she knew," they said in a statement. "We are devastated by her loss and ask that you respect our privacy during this difficult time." The incident has once again highlighted the dangers of mental health issues and the need for support and intervention for those who may be struggling. While investigations into Cohn's death are ongoing, many are advocating for increased awareness and access to mental health resources to prevent future tragedies. The Upper West Side community is slated to hold a vigil in honor of Cohn on Friday evening, where friends and family will gather to pay their respects and celebrate her life.