article: Rory McIlroy went from flirting with a third consecutive missed cut to a place inside the top 10 in the BMW PGA Championship on Friday. With a swirling wind and intermittent rain making conditions difficult for the early starters, McIlroy covered the front nine of his second round at Wentworth in three over par. That left McIlroy one under for the tournament with the halfway cut projected at that point to fall at level par, but just as he did in the recent Players Championship at Sawgrass, McIlroy rallied strongly on the back nine. Bad start: Rory McIlroy began his round with back-to-back bogeys at Wentworth on Friday . Cheer up, Rory: The Northern Irishman made three birdies in the last four holes to end on one-under par . An eagle on the 12th for the second . day running was followed by a bogey on the 13th, but birdies on the . 15th, 16th and 18th gave McIlroy a 71 and halfway total of five under . par. And with overnight leader Thomas Bjorn starting his round with a bogey on the first, that was within four shots of the lead. 'I . did not start off particularly well and made a mess of the seventh, but . came back well and hit some quality shots on the back nine,' said . McIlroy, who thinned a bunker shot on the seventh to run up a . double-bogey six on a hole he eagled on Thursday. 'Anything under par this morning was a decent score and to birdie three of the last four holes is pretty pleasing.' Yellow peril: Caroline Wozniacki takes to the practice court on Friday ahead of next week's French Open . McIlroy . announced on Wednesday that he had called off his planned November . wedding to former world No 1 tennis player Caroline Wozniacki, even . though the invitations had just been sent out. The . 25-year-old admitted he would therefore find it very difficult to . concentrate on his golf in the European Tour's flagship event, but . managed an opening 68 and felt slightly better on Friday. 'I . was apprehensive going out yesterday, I honestly didn't know what to . expect and it was good I had the quick turnaround to get back on the . golf course. 'I have . exceeded my expectations so far. Once you get inside the ropes you are . concentrating on your golf and it's almost a nice four or five-hour . release to concentrate on the job at hand.' Spain's Rafael Cabrera-Bello had set the clubhouse target on six under . after a round of 73, with Sweden's Jonas Blixt - joint second in the . Masters last month - alongside McIlroy on five under following a 71. On the move: McIlroy has moved into contention for the Wentworth title with an impressive back nine .
highlights: McIlroy, who split from Caroline Wozniacki earlier this week, is five-under par heading into the weekend at Wentworth . The Northern Irishman recovered from a poor start to his second round . He made three birdies in the last four holes to finish with a score of 71 .
id: 4358cecbd38ac3d039ef84ea38c7bfbd047f327c
chatgpt: Golfer Rory McIlroy has put his recent personal troubles aside and is currently performing well at the PGA Championship. The Northern Irishman, who recently announced his split from tennis star Caroline Wozniacki, is currently five-under par heading into the weekend of the tournament at Wentworth. After a shaky start to his second round, McIlroy managed to pull himself back and finish with a score of 71, thanks to three birdies in the last four holes. This puts him in a good position heading into the latter stages of the tournament. McIlroy has always been regarded as a supremely talented golfer, and his performance at the PGA Championship so far is further proof of his abilities. Despite the recent personal upheaval in his life, he has managed to remain focused on his golf game and is clearly determined to do well. Of course, it's not just McIlroy who is performing well at the tournament. There are a number of other golfers who are also playing at the top of their game, including Spain's Sergio Garcia, who is currently leading the pack with a score of 12-under par. American Shane Lowry is in second place with a score of 10-under par. However, McIlroy is not giving up just yet. He has proven time and time again that he is capable of pulling off some incredible shots, and it wouldn't be at all surprising to see him make a comeback and finish near the top of the leaderboard. This is a crucial tournament for McIlroy, as he looks to regain his form ahead of the upcoming US Open. Despite his recent troubles off the course, he will no doubt be determined to put in a good showing and prove that his personal issues have had no effect on his golf game. The PGA Championship is always one of the most hotly-contested events in the golfing calendar, and this year is no exception. With McIlroy in contention, there is sure to be plenty of excitement over the coming days as the tournament reaches its thrilling conclusion. In summary, Rory McIlroy is currently performing well at the PGA Championship, despite his recent personal troubles. With a score of five-under par heading into the weekend, he is firmly in contention and looks set to put up a strong fight for the title. It promises to be an exciting few days of golf as the tournament reaches its thrilling conclusion.