article: (CNN) -- San Francisco police are saying  a man they thought was fatally shot by officers actually killed himself. Police earlier said Kenneth Harding was shot by an officer Saturday while trying to run away. But on Thursday, authorities said they found evidence that proved something different. "We believe that the  fatal wound on Mr. Harding was self-inflicted," said police Cmdr.  Mike Biel. Biel revealed the new theory at a news conference Thursday at the city's medical examiner's office. Kenneth Harding died Saturday after a confrontation with undercover  officers who were doing a fare check on passengers on the city's Muni bus transit  system. Police say when he was approached by the officer who wanted to see his ticket, Harding ran and police pursued him. During the chase, a gunbattle started  and Harding was fatally wounded, . Initially, authorities  believed that San Francisco police shot and killed Harding during the  confrontation in the city' Bayview-Hunters Point neighborhood. The shooting triggered angry protests by some community members who challenged the police version of  what happened. The medical examiner said new evidence reveals a different story. "The bullet which was recovered from  his head is not consistent with the service ammunition used by the San Francisco  Police Department," Chief Medical Examiner Amy Hart told reporters. She  demonstrated her point with a photo of the bullet removed from Harding's head. It was a .380-caliber and San Francisco Police are armed with .40-caliber ammunition, Hart said. Medical examiner's staff also found a second, unfired cartridge  (.380-caliber) in Harding's right jacket pocket. Harding was also  wounded in the leg by a round  apparently fired by pursuing  officers, authorities said. "Based upon evidence known at this time including:  officer and witness statements that Harding shot at the police officers, Shot  Spotter data, video tape evidence that depicts a firearm at the scene that was  subsequently taken and the location of gunshot residue on Harding's right hand,  it appears that Mr. Harding's head wound was self-inflicted.  It is unknown if  Harding's injury was intentional or accidental." When the shooting occurred, a crowd  had gathered challenging officers, police said in a statement released at the news  conference. At one point, a bystander recorded cell phone  video of the situation, including a handgun that was laying on the ground near  Harding. The Police Department believes that  the weapon used by Harding is still outstanding along with a cell phone and  bullet casings removed from the scene. Authorities are offering a $1,000 reward for the return of the .380-caliber firearm picked up  from the scene. Harding was listed as "a person of  interest" by Seattle Police who were investigating the shooting death of a  young woman in that city a few weeks ago, CNN affiliate KGO reported.
highlights: The fatal shooting occurs in San Francisco . "We believe that the  fatal wound on Mr. Harding was self-inflicted," police say . Police say the bullet found in the man's head did not match the caliber authorities use .
id: 5298ba1a6899b57d1c2a7befc81e72bb3a80d514
chatgpt: A fatal shooting occurred in San Francisco over the weekend, leaving many unanswered questions. According to police reports, the victim was identified as Mr. Harding, who was found with a fatal wound to his head. While the investigation is ongoing, police made a statement claiming that they believe the wound was self-inflicted. "We believe that the fatal wound on Mr. Harding was self-inflicted," police said. The statement from police has led to speculation as many are questioning how someone could shoot themselves in the head. Police have not yet elaborated on their theory, but this latest development throws the investigation into a new light. Authorities also revealed that the bullet found in Mr. Harding's head did not match the caliber typically used by law enforcement. This adds another layer of confusion to the case as it is still unclear where the bullet came from. The discovery that the bullet did not match the caliber usually used by law enforcement has raised concerns. It is not yet clear how the bullet ended up in Mr. Harding's head, and authorities have not commented on whether they believe it was intentional or accidental. The report has left many unanswered questions, and it is unclear what detectives will discover during the investigation. The fact that the bullet does not match the caliber authorities use has made the case even more complicated. The shooting has left many in shock and disbelief as the details of the incident continue to unfold. Friends and family of Mr. Harding are searching for answers as they try to understand what happened. While police have not released any further information, they are urging anyone with knowledge of the incident to come forward. They believe that more information will come to light as the investigation progresses. The community is also in shock as they try to come to terms with the tragic events. Many are praying for Mr. Harding's family and friends as they try to come to grips with the loss. The shooting is a reminder of the violence that plagues many of our communities. Authorities are working tirelessly to understand what happened and to bring justice to Mr. Harding and his family. As the investigation continues, many are hoping for more answers regarding the shooting. The incident is a tragedy that has shocked the community, and it is important that detectives uncover the truth behind this senseless act of violence. Despite the challenges facing authorities, they are committed to finding answers and bringing justice to Mr. Harding and his family. The community is also rallying behind the family and loved ones of Mr. Harding as they navigate this difficult time.