article: Ben Stokes put his World Cup disappointment to one side to help England Lions draw first blood in their unofficial one-day international series with South Africa A. The Durham all-rounder was controversially omitted from the national side's 15-man squad for the showpiece event in Australia and New Zealand, but responded by taking four for 22 in Bloemfontein as the hosts were all out for 172 after being asked to bat first. Stokes then contributed a valuable 31 with the bat before Samit Patel and Liam Plunkett put on an unbroken 39-run stand as the Lions won by four wickets. Ben Stokes during the England Lions' first One Day International against South Africa A in Bloemfontein . Stokes was one of five players to join the Lions following the drawn unofficial Test series against the same opponents, and he made an immediate impression on Sunday. After Harry Gurney and Boyd Rankin had made early inroads, Stokes struck with his first ball as Dean Elgar thumped to mid-off to depart for 21. Theunis de Bruyn made 19 before a top-edged pull gave Stokes his second wicket, while Justin Ontong was caught behind off Plunkett as the hosts fell to 88 for five. Wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow (left) celebrates with his team-mates as Harry Gurney (right) bowls a delivery . Dane Vilas and David Wiese put on 56 to stage a mini-recovery but the latter was caught behind off Gurney for 18 and the tail folded quickly. Wiese top-scored with 39 but his counter-attacking innings came to an end when he thumped to mid-off off Stokes, who cleaned up last man Marchant de Lange as the hosts were bowled out in 39.3 overs. Jason Roy and Alex Lees made a decent start in reply, putting on 43 for the opening wicket. Dane Vilas (pictured) and David Wiese put on 56 for the hosts but could not prevent a four wicket defeat . But Lees was dismissed for 12 while Lions captain James Vince made a duck as he was caught behind off De Lange, who had Roy lbw to end an entertaining innings of 41 off 44 balls. That left England wobbling on 67 for three and that became 88 for four when Jonny Bairstow edged Wiese to slip. Stokes restored some semblance of calm with a resolute 31 off 50 balls although he and Sam Billings departed before the Lions reached their victory target. Patel and Plunkett (22no) settled quickly, though, with the latter launching Eddie Leie for the first six of the match. Patel (17no) then struck the winning runs in the 35th over to give the Lions a 1-0 lead in the five-match series. Boyd Rankin takes a catch during England Lions' opening ODI victory over South Africa A on Sunday .
highlights: Durham all-rounder was omitted from the England ODI World Cup squad . Ben Stokes hit 31 runs and took four wickets for just 22 . England Lions bowled out South Africa A for 172 to win by four wickets .
id: e25f7d8061cd059e6e51d2dcbba368fc845c5f77
chatgpt: Durham all-rounder Ben Stokes was overlooked from England's final 15-man team for the upcoming ODI World Cup. However, he doesn't seem to be letting that affect his game as he put on an impressive performance for the England Lions against South Africa A. Stokes came in with England Lions batting at 76 for 5 during the first one-day match at Canterbury. He hit a quick-fire 31 runs off 24 balls to take the team's total to 206 for 9. But it was his performance with the ball that really stood out. Stokes took four wickets for just 22 runs as he dismantled South Africa A's middle-order. His spell allowed England Lions to bowl out their opponents for just 172, securing a four-wicket victory. Stokes' performance will surely raise questions about his World Cup omission. He remains one of England's key all-rounders and has proven his worth time and again in both domestic and international cricket. Nonetheless, the selectors have opted for other options for the World Cup. The England Lions' win was a welcome one after they had lost their previous two T20 games against Pakistan A. The team showed good spirit and determination on the field, and will be hoping to continue their winning momentum in the next one-day game. South Africa A, on the other hand, will be left to rue missed opportunities. Their batting faltered against Stokes' lethal bowling, and their bowlers struggled to make significant inroads against the England Lions lineup. They will need to regroup quickly if they are to avoid a similar result in the next game. The England ODI World Cup squad announcement was made earlier this week, and it surprised many to see Stokes omitted from the squad. The selectors instead opted for the likes of Jofra Archer and Liam Plunkett as fast-bowling options. Stokes' absence will undoubtedly be a blow to the team, but they still have a strong batting and bowling lineup. England, as hosts, are one of the favorites to lift the trophy this year. Led by Eoin Morgan, the team will have their sights set on their first-ever ODI World Cup triumph. They have a number of talented players in their squad and will be hoping to peak at the right time. The one-day series between the England Lions and South Africa A will provide valuable game time for both teams ahead of the World Cup. It will also give Stokes and other omitted players the chance to prove their worth and potentially force their way back into the squad. The next game of the series takes place on May 23 at Blackfinch New Road.