article: Australia star Jarryd Hayne has sensationally quit rugby league to pursue a career in American football. The full-back, who would have been one of the Kangaroos' key players in the upcoming Four Nations Series, has announced that he has secured a conditional release from his contract at Parramatta Eels. The 26-year-old World Cup-winner does not have any opportunities lined up in the United States but is hoping to earn trial opportunities in the NFL over the next year. Parramatta Eels fullback Jarryd Hayne has been one of the stars of the NRL in recent years . Hayne (right) was expected to be named in Tim Sheens' Kangaroos squad for the upcoming Four Nations . Hayne was outstanding for New South Wales, above, in their 2014 State of Origin series win over Queensland . Hayne, who issued a statement and then spoke at a press conference hastily arranged by the Eels, said: "It's been about 12 months now that I've seriously considered this. "I've passed the fear stage. I've wrestled with my emotions and realised that this is where my heart lies. "I feel like I've done everything in the game. What more is there to achieve other than a premiership (title win)? "There's goals, but you've got to enjoy the journey more so. I feel that the journey of going over there and having a crack at the NFL is far greater than anything here. "I'm a kid following his heart, following his dream." Hayne was recently named as joint-winner of the Dally M medal, the highest individual award in Australia's NRL competition, for 2014. His departure is another blow for Australia coach Tim Sheens, who is already without a raft of senior players for the Four Nations tournament also featuring England, New Zealand and Samoa. Hayne will be replaced in the squad by Penrith full-back Matt Moylan. Jarryd Hayne is a massive fan of the NFL and regular tweets about the sport .
highlights: Hayne has secured a release from his contract at the Parramatta Eels . World Cup-winner hoping to earn trials in the NFL over the next year . Full-back would have been key member of Kangaroos squad for upcoming Four Nations Series .
id: b0c9f18b23fbe8db05a835d0bb269d6205d7fc22
chatgpt: Australian rugby league star Jarryd Hayne has been granted a release from his contract with the Parramatta Eels to pursue a career in the NFL. The former Kangaroos full-back has set his sights on earning trials in the American football league over the next year. Hayne, who was a key member of the Kangaroos squad for the upcoming Four Nations Series, has caught the attention of NFL scouts with his impressive athleticism and ability to break tackles. The 26-year-old has reportedly been in talks with several NFL teams in recent weeks and will begin training for the sport in the coming months. The decision to leave rugby league and pursue a career in the NFL was not an easy one for Hayne, who has been a dominant force in the Australian game for several years. However, he believes that the challenges of the NFL will allow him to grow as an athlete and take his career to the next level. "I have always been interested in the NFL and the physical and mental challenge that it poses," Hayne said in a statement. "I am excited to explore this new opportunity and see where it takes me." Hayne's departure from the Eels will be a significant loss for the team, which has struggled in recent seasons. The full-back was one of the Eels' most consistent performers and played a crucial role in the team's success in 2014. Despite the disappointment of losing Hayne, Eels coach Brad Arthur said that he respects Hayne's decision and wishes him well in his new venture. "We are obviously disappointed to lose Jarryd, but we understand that he has made a decision that is best for him and his family," Arthur said in a statement. "We wish him all the best and hope that he is successful in the NFL." Hayne's move to the NFL has generated plenty of excitement in Australia, where fans and pundits alike are eagerly anticipating his debut in the league. While it remains to be seen whether he will be successful in the NFL, Hayne's talent and work ethic suggest that he will be a force to be reckoned with in whatever sport he chooses to pursue.