article: PUBLISHED: . 12:57 EST, 25 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:43 EST, 25 January 2014 . Jailed: Lisa Mitchell was caught stealing thousands of pounds from an elderly woman and her husband - after their worried son turned detective and hid a secret surveillance camera inside a pen . A carer was caught stealing thousands of pounds from an elderly woman and her husband - after their worried son turned detective and hid a secret surveillance camera inside a pen. Lisa Mitchell was working as a carer for 81-year-old Sheila Read, who had dementia, when she helped herself to cash totalling £35,000 over four years from the couple's home in Dereham, Norfolk. Her crime was uncovered when Mrs Read's son, Allan, noticed money going missing, Norfolk Police said. He set up a CCTV camera in a pen strategically placed in an office inside the house. Mitchell was filmed on two occasions in the office which she had no reason to enter. She was pictured going through the bureau and the elderly man's wallet. Mr Read, who ran the family business with his father, had made a note of serial numbers on the bank notes which police then used along with the images to prove the offence. Mitchell, 38, of Dereham, pleaded guilty to theft and was jailed for 18 months at Norwich Crown Court, the force said. Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Constable Gemma Weeks said: 'Over four years Lisa Mitchell took advantage of an elderly couple whom she was trusted to care for. 'She thought nothing of helping herself to their personal money and cash from their family business, which she spent on jewellery and designer handbags. 'Even when presented with CCTV evidence, Mitchell denied stealing from this vulnerable couple, and could not account for living beyond her means. 'Over and above the financial impact of her crime is the emotional one, particularly when it appeared that Mitchell was searching for money instead of caring for the elderly lady.' Video nasty: Mitchell was filmed via the secret pen entering an office and going through a wallet .
highlights: Lisa Mitchell worked as a carer for Sheila Read, 81, who had dementia . Mitchell, 38, stole £35,000 over four years from Mrs Read's home . Her crimes were uncovered by Mrs Read's son Allan - who installed a secret camera inside a pen and hid it in his mother's office . Mitchell was caught entering on two occasions and going through a wallet . Former carer has been jailed for 18 months after admitting theft .
id: 2b2164f9c618ff16ab4f1fbf453a72b5c94b2d13
chatgpt: A former carer identified as Lisa Mitchell, 38, has been sentenced to a jail term of 18 months, having admitted theft totaling £35,000 over a four-year period from Sheffield resident Sheila Read. Sheila, who is 81 years old, has dementia, and required assistance with her daily living activities. She employed Mitchell as her carer to provide her with support, and trusted her to provide an honest and professional service. However, Mitchell abused the trust vested in her, by stealing thousands of pounds from the senior citizen. While the theft occurred over several years, it was only uncovered when Allan, Sheila's son, installed a camera hidden within a pen which he placed in his mother's office. The secret camera was cleverly designed to capture images of anyone who entered the room, without attracting suspicion. It, therefore, captured footage of Mitchell stealing from his mother's wallet, an act which was repeated on two separate occasions. Alan, who was shocked at what he saw on the secret camera, reported Mitchell's theft to the authorities. Upon being confronted with the evidence of her crimes, Mitchell admitted to having stolen the money from Mrs. Read's home. In court, she was sentenced to 18 months in prison. The judge ruling on the case expressed his shock and disappointment at the behavior of Mitchell, especially as she was entrusted to care for someone in a vulnerable state. He noted that Mitchell did not spare a thought for the adverse effect her actions would have on the elderly woman's emotional wellbeing. Mrs Read's family spoke of their shock and disappointment. They were upset to learn of Mitchell's actions, given the trust and responsibility that they had put in her. Sheila's son Allan noted that it was a sad truth that there were people who were prepared to exploit the elderly and vulnerable people in society. He hoped that others would learn from this case and not heedlessly trust people who come into their homes as carers or assistants. In conclusion, the theft of £35,000 by Lisa Mitchell from the home of an elderly, vulnerable Sheila Read, was uncovered by her son Allan's secret camera, hidden within a pen. The evidence captured on the camera led to Mitchell being jailed for 18 months. Her crimes were a serious breach of trust, and a reminder of the importance of checking the honesty and integrity of caregivers who are employed to assist elderly and vulnerable individuals.