article: Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, arrived in Belgrade's Nikola Tesla Airport for a charitable visit with the Djokovic Foundation at 3am last night. She opened a refurbished primary school in Kadina Luka, near Ljiga, with tennis champ Novak Djokovic himself at 7am this morning, after he met her in Belgrade. The school near the small town in the centre of the country is the first to have been . renovated by the charity as part of its project Skolica Zivota (Little School Of Life). British former royal Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, is pictured arriving at Belgrade's Nikola Tesla Airport . Children's education is a cause close to the Duchess's heart. She . is an ambassador of the foundation and believes this 'means more than . just going to glittery parties' and so wanted to see their work first . hand. Prince Andrew's former wife opened the school with Djokovic and is currently on her way back to London. While engaging in charitable work, she also enjoys a career as a writer and television personality. Sarah Ferguson landed at Belgrade airport in the early hours of this morning . The Duchess appeared in good spirits as she made her way through the airport into her waiting car . Novak Djokovic beat Milos Raonic in . straight sets yesterday, lifting Serbia to a 2-2 tie with Canada in the . Davis Cup semi-finals. The Novak Djokovic Humanitarian Foundation was founded in 2007 by the tennis champ. Its . goal is to create a lasting change in the lives of children in need in . Serbia, and its work takes them to the most socially underprivileged . communities in the country. Tennis champion Novak Djokovic started his foundation in 2007 . The Duchess put her best foot forward in a pair of snazzy slipper shoes from Pretty Ballerinas yesterday. The black slip-ons feature a bright red heart detail and are made of leather and suede. At £150, they may have the royal seal of approval but they don't come cheap. But their low heels make them a comfortable choice for travelling in.
highlights: Sarah Ferguson, 53, arrived in Belgrade late last night to open school . Was joined by Novak Djokovic, who accompanied her on visit . Opened renovated primary school near town of Ljig .
id: e5824693b5717aed355bf8c812fa9b631578be9b
chatgpt: Belgrade, Serbia - Sarah Ferguson, the former Duchess of York, arrived in Belgrade late on Monday night to open a renovated primary school near the town of Ljig. The 53-year-old was welcomed with open arms, and was even joined by the world number one tennis player, Novak Djokovic, on her visit.  The primary school in question had been renovated thanks to Sarah's charity, the Sarah Ferguson Foundation, which aims to support education and alleviate poverty around the world. The Duchess was thrilled to see that her foundation's work had made such a difference.  The opening ceremony was attended by local dignitaries, including the mayor of the nearby town of Valjevo, as well as teachers and parents. The former royal cut the ribbon to officially open the school, to the delight of all those in attendance. She was also given a guided tour of the classrooms, which had been kitted out with new furniture, textbooks and other essential learning materials.  But it wasn't just Sarah who was making an impact. Novak Djokovic, who hails from Serbia, was also there to show his support for the school and the work that Sarah's foundation was doing. The tennis star has long been a philanthropist and has his own foundation, which focuses on early childhood education and development. Djokovic gave a speech congratulating Sarah on her work, and praised the importance of education in building a better future.  The pair then spent some time speaking to the children, who were thrilled to have such prestigious visitors. Sarah and Novak asked them about their favourite subjects, and even played games with them. It was clear to see that the children were overjoyed to have such special guests, and it was heartening to witness the positive impact that the renovated school was having on them.  Sarah Ferguson's visit to Serbia was a resounding success, both in terms of the impact that her foundation was having on education in the region and in terms of the positive image that it projected to the world. By working to promote education and alleviate poverty, the Duchess is proving that there is more to life than royal titles and fancy dresses. Her foundation's work is a shining example of what can be achieved when we invest in our children's futures.