article: (CNN) -- McLaren have officially unveiled the car they hope will rocket Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button into the Formula One title reckoning in 2011. The team's English drivers were on hand as their new MP4-26 car was assembled part-by-part with the help of competition winners in the center of the German capital Berlin on Friday. McLaren have won just one world championship since 1998 and lagged behind Ferrari and Red Bull last year. But they are hoping a raft of new features on their car will propel them into the drivers' championship running. Hamilton, the 2008 world title winner, finished fourth in 2010, 16 points behind the eventual winner, Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull. Button, who succeeded Hamilton as world champion in 2009, came 42 points off the pace in fifth. The MP4-26 is packed with innovative features to help with its aerodynamics, including an electronically adjustable rear-wing system and an all-new electric hybrid KERS system, to comply with this season's F1 rule changes. "We've seen it in the wind tunnel quite a lot, but it looks even better full-size," Hamilton said on Formula One official website. "I think people saw a unique way of revealing our 2010 car, something that's never been done before. I hope the car proves just as innovative once we take to the track. "I head into 2011 in a relaxed but determined frame of mind. I've spared nothing during my winter fitness preparations and, in many ways, I feel as fit, focused and refreshed as I did ahead of my first season in Formula One in 2007. "So my aim for this year is to ensure that everything comes together in the best possible way and that, like last year, I'm able to fight for the title right down to the final race." Hamilton's teammate Button said it was an "empowering feeling" having had an input on the design of McLaren's new car. He said he was looking forward to testing the car in Spain next week, ahead of the opening race in Bahrain on March 13. "Today really marks the beginning of our 2011 season after what seems a very long time away from the track," he said. "I can't wait to get behind the wheel of MP4-26 for the first time next week. "It's strange to think that this is only the start of my second season at McLaren Mercedes, because I've felt so comfortable since joining the team last January. "For the new season, I've not only got a year's experience under my belt, but I've also been able to offer input into the design and development of the new car -- something that I was naturally unable to do last year."
highlights: McLaren Mercedes unveil their car for the 2011 Formula One season . English drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton showcase MP4-26 in Berlin . The new car has a raft of innovative features to help with the aerodynamics . Formula One season begins in Bahrain on March 13 .
id: 4a7437bd72bb184138fb84959764010b91d6c003
chatgpt: McLaren Mercedes have revealed their latest car ahead of the 2011 Formula One season, and it promises to be one of their most innovative yet. The MP4-26 was showcased in Berlin by English drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton, and the pair were clearly excited to get behind the wheel of their new ride. The MP4-26 boasts a number of new features that McLaren hope will give them an edge over their rivals. Perhaps the most striking is the unusual U-shaped sidepods that channel air towards the rear of the car, improving its aerodynamics. The car also has a number of other tweaks designed to help with air flow, including an innovative exhaust system that directs air through the diffuser to increase downforce. Speaking about the new car, Button was optimistic about McLaren's chances in the upcoming season. "It's always an exciting moment when you see the car for the first time, and this one looks like a real step forward," he said. "We've got some great technology on board, and I'm excited to see what it can do on the track." Hamilton also had praise for the new car, describing it as "aggressive and innovative." The Englishman, who narrowly missed out on the championship last season, will be hoping that the improved aerodynamics of the MP4-26 will help him go one better this year. Of course, the proof will be in the pudding, and we won't know for sure whether the new car is a success until the Formula One season gets underway. The first race takes place in Bahrain on March 13, giving McLaren and the other teams just a few weeks to put the finishing touches on their cars. The Bahrain Grand Prix is always an intriguing event, as it gives us our first glimpse of the teams in action on the track. This year's race is sure to be no exception, with a number of interesting storylines to follow. Can McLaren's new car give them an edge in their battle with rivals such as Red Bull and Ferrari? Will Jenson Button be able to build on his success last season and mount a serious challenge for the championship? And what about Lewis Hamilton, who will be itching to get back to winning ways after a disappointing end to the 2010 campaign? One thing is for sure: the 2011 Formula One season promises to be another thrilling ride for fans of the sport. With new cars, new technologies, and a host of talented drivers all vying for supremacy, there's sure to be plenty of drama both on and off the track. So strap in and get ready for the ride of your life – the Formula One season is just around the corner.