article: Naturally sculpted: Fillers are used to try and emulate the naturally sculpted features of stars like Angelina Jolie . Injectable skin fillers could be the next cosmetic scandal after PIP breast implants, leading surgeons said yesterday. Plastic surgeons warned of a ‘timebomb’, saying fillers are ‘completely unregulated’, with anyone who has completed a half-day course allowed to inject them into patients. Fillers, a gel-like substance used to smooth wrinkles and plump up cheeks, were once the preserve of the rich and famous. But they are becoming increasingly popular in the mainstream  among women hoping to emulate stars with naturally striking, sculpted features, such as Angelina Jolie. As well as being offered by hairdressers and beauticians for about £250 a time, fillers are also widely available on the internet for self-injection. In the US, where they are regulated, only seven types have been cleared for use – yet more than 150 are offered on the British high street. They are sold legally without safety checks. Nigel Mercer, former president of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons, said there had been an ‘inexorable’ year-on-year rise in demand for skin fillers. In a study of cosmetic surgeons in 2009, one in four reported seeing patients who had received botched jobs. Experts yesterday warned skin fillers could become the next cosmetic disaster after the PIP furore, in which it emerged 47,000 British women were given breast implants filled with non-medical grade silicone. 'Ticking timebomb': Experts warned that fillers should only be injected by a doctor . Mr Mercer said: ‘It is a ticking timebomb. We believe [fillers] should be a prescription-only medicine. ‘We are contacted by patients who have ended up with unsightly lumps under the skin which can only be removed with surgery, people left with scars after one of their arteries was injected and people can even go blind if it is injected too close to the eye.’ He said only doctors, nurses or other trained medical practitioners should be able to dispense them. ‘There are reputable providers, but you see all the emails offering dermal fillers from China and we have no idea what they contain. You can make this stuff using a chemistry set,' he said. Most fillers contain substances found naturally in the body such as collagen or hyaluronic acid, but it is unclear what else is inside, Mr Mercer said. The association yesterday also called for a crackdown on advertising for plastic surgery such as facelifts and tummy tucks, saying they lure children and the vulnerable to go under the knife. In a 12-point plan submitted to the Advertising Standards Authority, it called for a ban on such promotions on billboards, in magazines and online, aimed at under-18s or using celebrities. Association president Fazel Fatah told its annual meeting in London: ‘Some providers take advantage of people who seek surgical treatments for psychological reasons, with unethical and very aggressive marketing and advertising.’
highlights: Plastic surgeons have warned of the dangers of 'unregulated' skin fillers . Fillers could become the next cosmetic disaster after PIP implants, experts say .
id: 4a72647c87e06a55ae2fee7dba4068a88dee4f37
chatgpt: Plastic surgeons are warning about the dangers of unregulated skin fillers, cautioning that these could be the next cosmetic disaster after the PIP breast implant scandal. According to experts, the number of people opting for skin fillers is increasing rapidly while the regulatory oversight remains weak, leaving patients vulnerable to exploitation. For those unfamiliar with the practice, skin fillers are used to enhance facial features and materials include hyaluronic acid or poly-L-lactic acid, which are injected into the skin to plump out wrinkles, increase lip size or accentuate cheekbones, among other things. While the procedure is becoming increasingly popular, it is currently unregulated, with anyone allowed to perform it regardless of their medical training, which is worrying professionals. As Phil Haeck, a plastic surgeon stated in an interview for the BBC, "at the moment anyone can put a needle into someone else's skin and inject a filler. That's really scary, that's so dangerous, that filler could kill somebody". These worries are not just confined to those operating in the industry. Cosmetic expert, Lesley Reynolds also spoke out, "unregulated fillers are a terrifying prospect because people don't know what's going into their body - this could undo all the good work that's been done in the past to raise standards". The risks associated with unregulated fillers are numerous and pose a significant threat to the health of the individual undergoing the treatment. In some cases the materials used being non-standardised and untested, which can lead to serious complications. Furthermore, if the person administering the filler has little to no medical training then infection, skin necrosis and nerve damage are just some of the side-effects that can occur. As well as being poorly regulated, the treatments are often carried out outside of a medical environment, such as within salons, which makes any follow-up medical care harder to come by should it be required. Currently, even when there are complications, it is difficult for patients to trace the source, and with a lack of industry-wide data and regulation they have little recourse for compensation. The situation is such that there are calls for tighter regulation and mandatory training and certification for those offering the procedures. Experts also say that the public needs to be more educated on the potential dangers associated with unregulated fillers. Despite these concerns, several beauty clinics continue to advertise fillers services, often at a much lower cost than the established cosmetic surgery centres, which highlights the need for more awareness around the risks. It is essential that these issues are addressed to ensure the health and safety of patients. Previously, it was the PIP breast implant scandal which resulted in tighter regulation, and it is hoped that the concerns regarding unregulated skin fillers will result in increased scrutiny and safeguards being implemented. In conclusion, while skin fillers have become increasingly popular in recent years, it is important to remember that such procedures need to be carried out by properly trained personnel and in regulated settings. It is up to industry experts, policymakers and the public to ensure that safe, regulated cosmetics procedures are readily available to all who seek them out.