article: By . Steve Doughty . PUBLISHED: . 17:27 EST, 15 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:56 EST, 16 August 2013 . Eric Pickles, Communities Secretary, said every new home should have a hiding place for a wheelie bin to stop streets being blighted by 'ugly clutter' Every new home should have a hiding place for a wheelie bin to stop streets being blighted by ‘ugly clutter’, Eric Pickles said yesterday. The Local Government Secretary called for ‘bin-tidy’ spaces to be built into the front of houses and flats, or for space to be made available for bins in the back yard. Building and planning regulations will demand that housing designers include space for ‘proper waste storage’ in new properties, Mr Pickles said. His bid to reduce ‘bin blight’ is the latest attempt to soften the impact of a Whitehall-driven move towards compulsory recycling. Millions of homes have been issued with wheelie bins, often in areas where there is nowhere to store them. Mr Pickles said he was ‘getting rid of barmy bin policies which made families’ lives hell.’ He added: ‘I want to make sure families get a proper rubbish and recycling collection service for the large amount of money they have to pay in council tax. ‘Thanks to ill-thought out town hall policies from the last government, badly-placed wheelie bins and the proliferation of multiple bins have created a blot on the landscape. ‘In streets up and down the country, ugly bin clutter has ruined the street scene and the look of people’s homes and gardens. By ensuring that developers create appropriate waste storage areas when designing new homes, we can tackle the ghastly gauntlet of bin-blighted streets and driveways.’ Mr Pickles, who once said it was the basic right of an Englishman to put chicken tikka masala in his bin without having to wait a fortnight for it to be collected, was the driving force behind a £250million fund to encourage councils to bring back weekly rubbish collections. Research has shown the initiative failed to restore weekly bin rounds, but did support councils that had chosen to keep them. Millions of homes have been issued with wheelie bins, often in areas where there is nowhere to store them . The Communities and Local Government Department has published new clauses for planning and design guidance which say every new home should have space for all the bins demanded by the local council. A consultation on housing standards to be published next week will say: ‘The Government places a high degree of importance in ensuring that suitable provision is made for waste storage in new homes, particularly to avoid bins dominating street frontages or contributing to increased levels of anti-social nuisance such as odour or litter. ‘This is sometimes referred to as bin blight, and the Government intends to bring this to an end.’ The Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs said this week the average amount recycled by individuals in England fell for the first time in 30 years last year.
highlights: Eric Pickles called for ‘bin-tidies' to be built in front of houses and flats . Said he was ‘getting rid of barmy policies which made families’ lives hell’ Millions of homes have bins - but nowhere to store them .
id: 871fa9ad3f22f6821c168c5806d64a2c9cd9eae9
chatgpt: Eric Pickles, the former Communities Secretary, has called for every new home in the UK to be equipped with a "bin-tidy". The move, he said, would put an end to the "barmy policies" that have made the lives of families living in flats and houses with no outside storage space, well, hell. Pickles' comments come as more and more homes in the UK receive recycling bins, but still don't have anywhere to put them. It's a problem that affects millions of households across the country, and one that is only set to get worse as more areas move towards weekly recycling collections. The lack of outdoor storage space is a particular problem for those living in flats and apartments, who often have nowhere to store their rubbish other than inside their homes. This can lead to unpleasant smells and unsanitary conditions, as well as create a fire hazard. Pickles' "bin-tidy" proposal would require developers to include a designated area for rubbish bins in the design of new homes. He said that the move would be a "common sense" solution to a problem that has been ignored for too long. "Millions of homes have bins, but nowhere to store them," Pickles said. "This is a problem that affects families across the UK, and it's time we did something about it. By including a bin-tidy in every new home, we can ensure that people have a safe and hygienic place to store their rubbish, without it causing problems in their homes." The proposal has been welcomed by many in the housing industry, who see it as a practical and affordable solution to a long-standing problem. David Orr, Chief Executive of the National Housing Federation, said that the move would be a "welcome step" for the millions of people who struggle to find space to store their bins. "This is a common sense proposal that could make a big difference to people's lives," Orr said. "By requiring developers to include a bin-tidy in every new home, we can ensure that everyone has access to safe and hygienic waste storage. It's a practical solution that won't break the bank, and it's something that the housing industry should be taking seriously." The proposal has also been supported by environmental groups, who see it as a way of encouraging more people to recycle. With weekly recycling collections becoming the norm in many areas, there is an increasing need for households to have adequate storage space for their waste. By including a designated bin-tidy in every new home, developers can help to encourage more people to recycle, and reduce the amount of waste that goes to landfill. However, not everyone is convinced by Pickles' proposal. Some have argued that it would be an unnecessary expense for developers, who are already facing pressure to build more affordable homes. Others have suggested that the move could lead to more anti-social behaviour, with bins being left on the street and causing a hazard for pedestrians. Despite these concerns, Pickles is confident that his proposal will gain widespread support. He argues that the benefits of including a bin-tidy in every new home far outweigh the potential drawbacks. "This is a simple and affordable solution to a problem that affects millions of people in the UK," he said. "By including a bin-tidy in every new home, we can make a real difference to people's lives, and help to create safer, more hygienic communities. It's a proposal that I believe will be welcomed by everyone who has ever struggled to find space for their rubbish."