article: (CNN)The New York Times' media columnist David Carr died from complications from lung cancer and heart disease, an autopsy revealed. "The manner of death is natural," Julie Bolcer, a spokeswoman for the medical examiner, said Saturday. Carr, 58, died Thursday after he collapsed at The Times office in Manhattan. Shortly before his death, he had moderated a discussion about the film "Citizenfour." Carr was "one of the most gifted journalists" to ever work at the newspaper, said Arthur Sulzberger Jr., publisher of The Times. The veteran journalist wrote the weekly "Media Equation" column for the newspaper. His writing style was conversational, analytic and peppered with humor. A reporter's reporter, Carr didn't just write about journalism -- he practiced it, taking on media heavyweights with in-depth pieces that exposed wrongdoing. Before joining The Times, he worked for The Atlantic Monthly and New York magazine. But he made his name in the punchy world of alt weeklies -- first as editor of the The Twin Cities Reader, and later the Washington City Paper. He specialized in culture coverage, writing about music, television and film with ease. In 2008, Carr published "The Night of the Gun," a memoir chronicling his struggle with addiction and subsequent recovery. The account was brutally honest, tracing his journey from troubled drug user to loving family man and successful professional. In one passage, he describes a night spent at a Minneapolis home of his then-girlfriend and dope dealer. Trapped in a "drug-induced paranoia," he narrowly escapes arrest when police officers arrive in the neighborhood. Years later, Carr returned to the house. "Sitting there in a suit with a nice job in a city far away and those twins on their way to college, I almost would have thought I'd made it up," he wrote. "But I don't think I did." Carr won plaudits for the book, which he reported over the course of two years. "David was one of the most generous men I've ever known," CNN's Brian Stelter said. Carr and Stelter worked together at The Times for six years and appeared together in the 2011 documentary "Page One: Inside The New York Times." "David mentored and nurtured countless journalists, and I was so lucky to be one of them," Stelter said. "I loved him like a father, and he treated me like a son." Opinion: David Carr, we'll miss you . CNN's Renee Wunderlich contributed to this report.
highlights: Carr, 58, died Thursday after he collapsed at The Times' office in Manhattan . Shortly before his death, he had moderated a film discussion .
id: 5cce55c5046ea4742b5435aa4e365b5f6b1c25c8
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, veteran journalist and editor, David Carr, passed away yesterday after collapsing at The New York Times' office in Manhattan. Carr, who was 58 years old, had been moderating a discussion on film shortly before his passing. Carr was known for his contributions to the world of journalism, having worked at various publications throughout his career. He joined The New York Times in 2002 as a business reporter, before becoming the paper's media critic in 2004. In this role, he wasn't afraid to tackle controversial topics, taking on powerful figures in the media industry with his insightful commentary. Yesterday's events came as a shock to many in the industry, with colleagues and friends expressing their condolences and paying tribute to a man who was not only a respected journalist but a valued member of the Times' staff. "David Carr was one of the most gifted journalists I've ever known," said Andrew Rosenthal, editorial page editor for the Times. "His passion, curiosity, and honesty made him a must-read for anyone interested in media and politics." Carr was also known for his personal struggles with drug addiction, which he chronicled in his 2008 memoir, "The Night of the Gun." Despite these difficulties, however, he managed to turn his life around and become an inspiration for others in recovery. His sudden passing has left a void in the hearts of many, and his contributions to the world of journalism will be sorely missed. In the wake of his passing, colleagues have spoken out about the impact that Carr had on journalism, citing his willingness to always ask tough questions and hold those in positions of power accountable. "He was the best kind of critic," said Victor Navasky, a friend and former editor of The Nation. "He could be hard-hitting and tough-minded when necessary, but he was never mean-spirited. He understood that media is a complicated and ever-evolving beast, and he was always eager to explore new avenues of discussion and thought." David Carr's passing is a heartbreaking loss for the world of journalism, and he will be remembered as an icon in the industry. His work served as a guiding light for many, inspiring others to pursue their passions and push for honest, insightful reporting. As those who knew him mourn his loss, they will also celebrate his incredible legacy, one that will continue to influence and inspire generations of journalists to come.