article: Students at a Mormon church-owned university have launched a protest against a ban on something its namesake once sported: a beard. About 50 young men at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, stormed the campus on bikes, rollerblades and skateboards sporting real or fake beards calling on the school to end the 'outdated' rule. They were all required to signed a 1940s 'honor code' when they joined the school accepting that 'men are expected to be clean-shaven'. Protest: About 50 students stormed Brigham Young University in protest against the ban on beards . But now, they are revolting - and holding up early Mormon leaders as their inspiration. The organizer of the Bike For Beards demonstration on Friday night, Shane Pittson, said: 'I love BYU. I love being a student here but the rule on beards I find particularly outdated.' The 23-year-old international studies major and other students have launched a petition drive to get the school to lift the ban. University spokeswoman Carri Jenkins said students agree to its grooming standards before their first day of class and the beard ban was set in place by students. 'It's nothing against beards. It's just how we choose to represent ourselves at the university,' she told The Salt Lake Tribune. Brigham Young and many other early leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints grew beards as they aged. A statue of Young in downtown Salt Lake City depicts him with a beard, but another at BYU shows him clean-shaven. Agreement: Students at the Mormon church-run school agreed to be clean shaven when they enrolled . The BYU Honor Code, created in the 1940s, states that 'men are expected to be clean-shaven' and beards are not acceptable. But students can be exempted from the prohibition if they have a medical condition such as scarring. Among other things, the university's mandatory student contract also forbids premarital sex, alcohol consumption and tattoos. In 1971, then-university President Dallin Oaks defended the beard ban as 'contemporary and pragmatic,' but he said he would be surprised if it was not eventually changed. At the time, Oaks said beards and long hair on men were elements of 'slovenly appearance' linked to 'protest, revolution and rebellion against authority. They are also symbols of hippie and drug culture.' Pittson enjoyed growing his own beard this summer, but he shaved before the protest. 'I figured it would make more of an impact to say, "I respect the university and here I am abiding by the rules but asking for change," ' he told The Tribune. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: 50 men at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, stormed school . Biked wearing real and fake beards in protest against facial hair ban . All students are required to agree to be clean-shaven on enrollment . But the young men claim early Latter-day Saints leaders had beards .
id: 53c94569321ab51e9bb3aca3e37a94ac3e8b3a8a
chatgpt: Provo, Utah - In a dramatic show of defiance, 50 male students at Brigham Young University rode their bikes through campus wearing a mix of real and fake beards in protest against the school's ban on facial hair. The stunning protest took place on the school's campus on Monday as part of a growing movement among students who are fighting back against the school's grooming standards. All male students at Brigham Young University are required to be clean-shaven on enrollment, in accordance with the school's honor code. However, the young men riding their bikes claimed that early leaders of the Latter-day Saints Church, also known as Mormons, had beards, making the facial hair ban a violation of tradition and history. The bearded protesters, who were mostly members of the school's chapter of "Bros with Beards," cited the earlier leaders of the church including Joseph Smith and Brigham Young, who were known to have beards throughout their lives. "Bros with Beards" co-founder, Isaac Anya, was among the protesters who rode his bike through the campus with a full beard. "We are angry that Brigham Young University does not acknowledge our cultural heritage by banning our beards," he said. The protesters rode their bikes down the campus's main gateway, with many of them holding up signs with slogans such as "Beards are a part of our heritage" and "Let us grow our beards." Most of the protesters wore beards, while some had painted them on their faces, using black marker pens. Despite their varying modes of facial hair, the men were united in their defiance of the beard ban and their calls for change. However, the school's administrators were quick to react to the protest, warning the protesters that they would face disciplinary action if they continued with their demonstration. In a statement issued to the press, Brigham Young University officials said that the school's honor code was an important part of the school's mission and that all students had agreed to adhere to it when they enrolled. "Brigham Young University is committed to its honor code and its grooming standards, which are designed to promote a clean and professional appearance among all students," the statement read. Despite the threat of disciplinary action, the "Bros with Beards" protesters are not backing down, and have vowed to continue their fight until the school acknowledges their right to grow their beards. As the debate over facial hair continues to rage on campus, many hope that the school's administration will listen to the voices of its students and make changes to the honor code that will allow all men to grow their beards as they choose.