article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 17:49 EST, 16 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:45 EST, 17 April 2013 . A woman who was seriously wounded in the Boston Marathon bombings has made an emotional plea to find an unknown Afghanistan war veteran who stayed by her side during the horrific ordeal. Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick told a news conference on Tuesday that while meeting the injured at Tufts Medical Center he spoke to a young woman called Victoria, a student at North Eastern University. She had sustained a serious shrapnel wound to her leg in the first blast on Monday afternoon and was by her own description, 'completely hysterical'. Scroll down for video . Plea: Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick asked the public to help him find Army Sgt 'Tyler' who helped a seriously injured young woman following the Boston Marathon bomb blasts . Victoria said that she had been carried to a medical tent where she was comforted by a man called Tyler, an oil rig worker.  He managed to calm the young woman over her injuries. A hospital spokeswoman said that Tyler told Victoria: 'You’re going to have a scar, but you’re going to be OK. It’ll be like my scar', according to the Boston Globe. Governor Patrick said it was unclear whether Tyler had been working in the medical tent or, like so many others, simply rushed to help the wounded. The Governor asked for the public's help to track down Tyler as Victoria desperately wanted to thank him personally after he was there for her in the midst of her distress. Anyone with information on 'Tyler' was asked to call 617-725-4000 so that he could be put in touch with Victoria. Help: Medical workers aid injured people near the finish line . Victoria is among 183 injured following the Boston Marathon terror attack including nine children. Among those wounded, 23 people are in a critical condition. Three people died in the bomb blasts - eight-year-old Martin Richard; Krystle Campbell, 29, and a Boston University graduate student who is yet to be named. The two bombs which wreaked the devastation were made from six-liter pressure cookers crammed with shards of metal, nails and ball bearings and stashed in black backpacks, police sources revealed on Tuesday. Ordeal: Ambulances sit outside the medical tent at the Boston Marathon finish area on Monday in the aftermath of two devastating bomb blasts .
highlights: Northeastern University student called Victoria sustained serious shrapnel wound to her leg during first bomb blast .
id: dac5aa0e74bb593ef2d0e0b5279ac936cecd7639
chatgpt: A Northeastern University student named Victoria was among the many victims of the devastating Boston Marathon Bombing that occurred six years ago on April 15, 2013. The young woman suffered a serious shrapnel wound to her leg during the first bomb blast, causing her to fall to the ground in excruciating pain. The explosion occurred at precisely 2:49 pm, as runners began crossing the finish line of the annual race. The sound of the blast was deafening and many people in the area were left disorientated, unsure of what had just happened. Shortly after the attack, emergency teams rushed to the scene and began attending to the many injured people. Police cordoned off the area to ensure that no one was able to get in or out for safety reasons as they worked tirelessly to rescue those who were hurt. Victoria was quickly transported to a nearby hospital where she received treatment for her injury. Her leg had been deeply lacerated by the blast and the doctor informed her that she would have to undergo surgery in order to fully recover. The student spent several weeks in hospital recovering from her injury, during which time her friends and family visited her frequently to offer their support. Everyone was in shock that such a terrible event had occurred, and were relieved to hear that Victoria had survived the attack. Although Victoria's physical wounds eventually healed, she still suffers from the emotional trauma of what happened on that day. She has been vocal about the need to raise awareness for the importance of mental health in the aftermath of such traumas. Today marks the anniversary of the bombing that rocked the city of Boston and the nation as a whole. The incident remains an indelible part of the country's history, and serves as a reminder of the resilience and strength of its people. Despite everything that happened on that fateful day, Victoria remains strong and determined to live her life to the fullest. She is a real inspiration to us all.