article: Chinese officials have warned Pope Francis not to 'interfere' with their country's religion, following a series of overtures from the pontiff to the officially atheist nation. China is one of few countries that has had no diplomatic relations with the Vatican and little contact since shortly after the country's 1949 communist revolution. As he returned from Korea at the end of last month Francis said he wanted to visit the Communist state 'as soon as tomorrow'. Scroll down for video . Pope Francis has made a series of overtures to the officially atheist nation of China . Vice president of the state-authorised Catholic Patriotic Association Liu Yuanlong said: 'China will always safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity and it never allows foreign forces to interfere with religion. The Vatican should respect China in terms of the personnel of a diocese.' Francis spoke after receiving a positive response to two goodwill telegrams he sent to President Xi Jinping as he flew over Chinese airspace en route to Korea. He told journalists on the plane that the Vatican respects the 'beautiful noble and wise Chinese people'. 'The Church only asks for liberty for its task, for its work.' Meanwhile the Sistine Chapel Choir is set to perform on Chinese territory for the first time in September, with performances in Hong Kong, Macao and Taipei, Taiwan. Pope Francis arrives for his weekly general audience in the Paul VI hall, at the Vatican . Although they are not scheduled to sing on the Chinese mainland, the authorities had to give approval for the Hong Kong concert. While in Korea Pope Francis told Catholics from across Asia to evangelise the continent, even with others suspicious or intolerant of the church. 'On this vast continent which is home to a great variety of cultures, the church is called to be versatile and creative in her witness to the Gospel through dialogue and openness to all,' 'In this spirit of openness to others, I earnestly hope that those countries of your continent with whom the Holy See does not yet enjoy a full relationship may not hesitate to further a dialogue for the benefit of all,' the pope said.
highlights: China is one of few countries with no diplomatic relations with the Vatican . It has had little contact  the country's 1949 communist revolution . Francis said he wanted to visit Communist state 'as soon as tomorrow'
id: 52f6962a3a02bd8100bf7a355e830d67ddfe6690
chatgpt: Pope Francis has expressed his desire to visit China, a Communist state that does not have diplomatic ties with the Vatican. The Pope's remarks come as part of his ongoing effort to improve relations between the two sides, something that has been strained since the country's 1949 Communist revolution. China is one of the few countries in the world that does not have diplomatic relations with the Vatican. The tension between the two countries stems from China's selection of bishops and its crackdown on religious freedom. The Pope's statement about his wish to visit China comes as a surprise to many, but it underscores his commitment to improving Vatican-China relations. "I would go to China tomorrow," he said in an interview with the Asia Times. "I would go already tomorrow."  The Pope's remarks have been met with mixed reactions, with some applauding his efforts to improve Vatican-China relations, while others question China's commitment to religious freedom. Despite the tension, the Pope has made efforts to reach out to China with an invitation to Chinese bishops to attend the Synod on the Family in Rome. The potential visit is seen as a positive step towards improving relations between the two sides. China has made major strides in economic development over the past few decades, and the Pope's visit would be an opportunity to not only help religious freedom in China, but also to promote economic cooperation between the two countries. The Pope's willingness to visit China comes amid growing economic ties between China and the Vatican. According to a report by the Financial Times, China is reportedly hoping to use the Holy See to improve ties with the West as it seeks to balance its economic relations with the United States. In the end, the Pope's statement about his wish to visit China is a positive sign for the future of Vatican-China relations. Despite the complexity of relations between the two countries, the possibility of a Papal visit is a sign of hope that the two sides can work together to find common ground and improve relations.