article: (CNN) -- An accident on a swing ride at a Connecticut festival Sunday injured 13 children, some seriously, according to police. The ride "apparently lost power causing the children on the ride to forcefully fall to the ground," police in Norwalk, Connecticut, said on the department's Facebook page. Most of the injuries were minor, police said, but several were seriously injured, "including two which appeared to be the most serious." Deyo Ello told CNN affiliate News 12 Connecticut that he watched in horror from the Ferris wheel line. "It was a big boom, a big crash, three or four times over," he said. "They slammed into the base of (the ride), and then you heard a whole bunch of screaming." Ello tried to go on the ride with his daughter, but they were turned away when she didn't meet the height requirements. Seeing injured children lying on the ground after the accident was devastating, he told News 12. "If she was tall enough, that would have been her," he said, grabbing his daughter's hands. "My heart is broken. I'm speechless. It ruined the day, you know." The accident occurred at Norwalk's annual Oyster Festival. In a statement on its Facebook page, the Norwalk Seaport Association, the festival organizer, said the well-being of the children and families involved was its only concern. The festival temporarily shut down rides after the accident but reopened them Sunday evening after fire investigators and the ride company inspected them. "We are cooperating fully with the investigating authorities," the association said. "Any further questions should be directed to them." Stewart Amusement, which owns the rides, could not be immediately reached for comment. The company's owner told News 12 Connecticut that he is cooperating with investigators. The swing ride was inspected by state officials on Friday and deemed to be safe, he said. After deadly roller coaster ride, more questions than answers . CNN's Rick Martin contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: CNN affiliate: The ride owner says state inspectors checked it on Friday . Witness: "It was a big boom, a big crash ... and then a whole bunch of screaming" Rides reopened after inspectors investigated, organizers say . The swing ride apparently lost power, sending children "forcefully" to the ground .
id: ac7cf053c94907ff751c5fbded8d3be6db22f42c
chatgpt: A tragic accident occurred at the Ohio State Fair on Wednesday evening, leaving one dead and seven others injured. The incident involved a swing ride, which reportedly lost power, causing passengers to be thrown to the ground. According to a witness, "It was a big boom, a big crash... and then a whole bunch of screaming." Some children were reportedly "catapulted" from the ride, which is known as The Fire Ball. The attraction swings riders back and forth while spinning them in the air. The ride's owner claims that state inspectors had checked the attraction just a day before the accident occurred. It's unclear at this time what caused the ride's malfunction. Following the incident, all rides were shut down and inspected by officials. Organizers announced that they were reopening the rides once inspectors had given the green light. The person who died in the accident has been identified as an 18-year-old man. The seven others who were injured range in age from 14 to 42. Officials say that three of those injured are in critical condition. Ohio Governor John Kasich spoke out about the tragic incident, sending his condolences to the families affected by the tragedy. "We will get to the bottom of this," he said, "and whatever caused this to happen will be figured out, but our thoughts and prayers go out to those involved." The Ohio State Fair draws in hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. The event features games, rides, concerts, and more. This year marks the fair's 164th anniversary. Amid the tragedy, fair organizers have pledged to continue with the rest of the festivities. "Of course we're sad tonight, but tomorrow's a new day," said General Manager Virgil Strickler. "We move on with heavy hearts, but we move on."