article: By . Beth Stebner . PUBLISHED: . 15:26 EST, 15 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:49 EST, 16 May 2012 . While a soup slurper or sandwich chomper be irritating to most, for 19-year-old Emma Riehl, everyday noises are unbearable. She suffers from a rare disease known as misophonia, in which she simply cannot tolerate noises like chewing, swallowing, and breathing. The neurological condition, which literally means ‘the hatred of sound,’ means that many of its sufferers are forced into a life of quiet solitude. Scroll down for Ms Riehl's video diary . Hatred of sound: Emma Riehl finds it difficult to go to class because of the distracting noises, which often make her angry . Ms Riehl currently attends university and feels a sharp anxiety any time she has to go to lecture. ‘Immediately after hearing one of my triggers, I become enraged, I become very hot, tingly, anxious,’ she explained in her video diary assigned by ABC News’ 20/20. ‘There are about 25 kids in this class, and five of them have colds, so it’s pretty hard for me to deal with.’ Those who suffer from the affliction are often driven into lives of quiet and solitude, simply because they cannot stand to be around people who make these simple noises. Triggers: Common noises like typing and texting can trigger misophonia in its sufferers . Help: While there is no cure for misophonia, ear plugs and white noise machines can help . Even the sound of texting and feet hitting flip-flops could send a misophonia sufferer over the edge. Simple eating noises such as chewing, crunching, sucking, and swallowing can trigger feelings of anxiety and rage in some, while pops in the letter ‘p’ and ‘s’ or fillers such as ‘uh and ‘um’ send others in a blind fury. Even household noises such as plastic bags crinkling or silverware hitting plates can put someone over the edge. Source: misophonia.info . There has been little study into the causes of misophonia, though experts say that the condition worsens at the advent of adolescence. Neuroscientists Aage R. Moller, who works at the University of Texas at Dallas, told the New York Times last September that there is ‘no known effective treatment,’ though Ms Riehl said she better contains her anger when she exercises frequently and keeps to a schedule. The Times noted that misophonia is quite different from hyperacusis, which is the over-sensitivity to the loudness of a sound. While there is no cure for misophonia, many recommend using earplugs to lessen everyday noises. Noise generators can also help reduce the offending noises. Those with the condition can also go to behavioural therapy and hypnotherapy, according to Misophonia UK. ABC will air a special 20/20 investigation on this little-known affliction this Friday at 10pm EST. video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player .
highlights: College student Emma Riehl suffers from misophonia - literally, the hatred of sound . Her triggers include chomping, chewing, and sniffling . Condition is very rare and little understood .
id: ad717cd600ca7647d0083b8177654be7e5424e1b
chatgpt: College student Emma Riehl has been suffering from misophonia, which is the unreasonable hatred and strong emotional response to common sounds. The condition is little understood and reportedly very rare, but it has been impacting Riehl's life in significant ways. According to Riehl, her triggers include chomping, chewing, and sniffling noises. Even just the sound of someone breathing can trigger an emotional response, leading her to feel angry, anxious and helpless. Misophonia is more than simply being bothered by certain sounds; it is an involuntary reaction that can cause a range of negative emotions. Riehl's misophonia has affected her academic and social life, as the disorder makes it difficult for her to focus in class and she often feels self-conscious in public settings. "It's really hard to focus on work and tests when someone in the same room is making one of my trigger sounds," Riehl said. Misophonia is not officially recognized as a disorder by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5). However, some experts believe it may be linked to other conditions, such as anxiety or obsessive-compulsive disorder. Research on the condition is limited but it is considered a neurological disorder that affects the autonomic and limbic systems. Current treatments for misophonia include cognitive behavioral therapy and sound therapy, but these methods have only been shown to be somewhat effective for some patients. Essentially, treatment involves changing the brain's association with the trigger sounds and developing coping mechanisms. More research is needed to understand the causes of the disorder, find effective treatments, and ultimately provide support to people like Riehl who are affected by misophonia. For Riehl, talking openly with friends and family, creating a peaceful environment, and using noise-cancelling headphones in public have provided some relief. Still, the ongoing lack of understanding of her condition, and the limited treatment options available, make it difficult to manage on a daily basis. "I just hope that one day, people can understand how much these sounds affect me and others like me, and that there will be better treatments available," Riehl said. "It's a stigmatized condition, but we need to start talking about it more openly and helping those who are affected."