article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 16:20 EST, 13 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:39 EST, 14 March 2013 . The Queen has sent a message of support to the first Canadian astronaut to take command of the international space station. Colonel Chris Hadfield, 53, a former test pilot and Twitter sensation, is now in control of the orbiting station after taking over from a Nasa colleague. The Queen said in her message: 'I am pleased to transmit my personal best wishes, and those of all Canadians, to Colonel Christopher Hadfield as he takes command of the International Space Station on Wednesday. Scroll down to hear from Chris... Regal: Colonel Chris Hadfield, of the Canadian Space Agency, seen here aboard the International Space Station, has been honoured with a message of goodwill from Queen Elizabeth. He said it made his 'jaw drop' Queen Elizabeth II, pictured at a reception at Marlborough House on Monday. Her transmission to the International Space Station said: 'I am pleased to transmit my personal best wishes, and those of all Canadians, to Colonel Christopher Hadfield as he takes command of the International Space Station' 'Our thoughts and best wishes are with him and the entire crew, as are our prayers for an eventual safe return to family, friends and fellow Canadians.' Col Hadfield, a prolific Twitter user with more than 500,000 followers, tweeted in response: 'If anything can make one's jaw drop in weightlessness, it is to be honoured by the Queen herself. 'I am amazed & humbled.' His mission on the space station began in December when he and colleagues blasted into space aboard a Russian rocket and he will remain in orbit until May. Astronaut Chris Hadfield in an official portrait. In 2201 he became the first Canadian to complete a spacewalk . In June 1992 he was selected to become an astronaut - one of four chosen out of 5,330 applicants - and three years later was part of a Nasa space shuttle mission that docked with the Russian space station Mir. He also became the first Canadian to complete a space walk in 2001, helping to install a robot crane on the international space station. He has been orbiting over the UK today and earlier tweeted about different parts of the country he could see. The astronaut even tweeted a picture and described the image: 'Hull and the Humber Estuary, Yorkshire, England, on a picture-perfect beautiful day.' The astronaut told Canada's Globe and Mail newspaper that his role was crucial: 'If someone has a serious medical problem...if we had a major technical emergency on board, a puncture, so that we start losing pressure, or contaminated atmosphere or smoke or fire, then...I am in charge.' Eye on the world: A picture of Hull and the Humber Estuary taken earlier today from space by Col Hadfield .
highlights: Astronaut Chris Hadfield gets message of support from monarch . The commander of the ISS said the transmission made his 'jaw drop' The Queen sent 'personal best wishes, and those of all Canadians'
id: 0889b9e12836f5237e9f811d805e9148e15ca8a9
chatgpt: Astronaut Chris Hadfield, the commander of the International Space Station, received an unexpected message of support from an unlikely source. None other than Queen Elizabeth II sent him a message expressing her "personal best wishes, and those of all Canadians." The message, which was read out to Hadfield by Canadian Governor General David Johnston, left the astronaut stunned. "My jaw dropped when I heard that," he said in a recent interview. "I mean, it's the Queen. She doesn't send emails or tweets or anything like that, so it was a real honour to hear from her." Hadfield had gained worldwide fame for his tweets and videos documenting his time aboard the space station, but he never expected to hear from a member of the royal family. "It was just so unexpected," he said. "I never would have dreamed that I'd get a message from the Queen." The message from the monarch was not the first time that Hadfield had received support from Canadians back on Earth. Throughout his mission, he had often been in contact with schools, universities, and other groups, answering questions about life in space and inspiring a new generation of scientists and explorers. But the message from the Queen, who is also the head of state of Canada, was a special moment for Hadfield. "It shows that what we're doing up here is important," he said. "It's not just for us, it's for everyone back on Earth. And to get that recognition from someone like the Queen, it means a lot." Hadfield was also quick to point out that he was not the only one deserving of recognition. "There are hundreds of people on the ground who make this mission possible," he said. "From the engineers and technicians who designed and built the space station, to the scientists who use it to conduct research, to the families who support us from home. This is a team effort, and everyone involved deserves credit." As the first Canadian to command the International Space Station, Hadfield had become a national hero back home. He had also gained a worldwide following thanks to his engaging tweets and videos, which included a rendition of David Bowie's "Space Oddity" that went viral. But Hadfield had always insisted that his mission was not about him, but about the bigger picture of human exploration and discovery. And with messages of support from the Queen and countless others around the world, it seemed that his message had been heard loud and clear. As he prepares to return to Earth after a six-month mission aboard the space station, Hadfield reflected on the impact that his mission had had. "I hope that we've inspired people to dream big and to think about what's possible," he said. "Because when we work together and push the boundaries of what we know, amazing things can happen."