article: (CNN) -- Even if Lindsey Vonn competes at the Olympics in Sochi in February, what kind of form will the four-time World Cup overall champion be in? Vonn missed a gate in a downhill in Val d'Isere, France on Saturday -- with boyfriend Tiger Woods watching -- and then said her ailing right knee was to blame. She was seeking to become just the second woman -- behind Austria's Annemarie Moser-Proll -- to win 60 World Cup races. "I didn't hurt myself more than I'm already hurt," the American told reporters. "Unfortunately I have no (anterior cruciate ligament) and it gave out on me. "My knee is loose and it's not stable and that's the way it's going to be from here on out. I just have to get used to it." The reigning Olympic and World Cup downhill champ hurt the knee at the world championships last February -- she subsequently underwent reconstructive surgery -- and aggravated the problem in a crash in training last month. But Vonn made a quick recovery and placed fifth in a Super-G in Lake Louise, Canada before deciding to skip last week's races in St. Moritz, Switzerland. "It's certainly not the return I had anticipated," Vonn said. "It was Tiger's first time on a World Cup race and I was really hoping to win my 60th as a present for him." Vonn added she would probably only race once or twice more prior to the Olympics in Russia. "I just need to be more careful of how many races I do," she said. "I'm at risk of doing more damage to my knee and my meniscus. So I'm going to play it safe and race really minimal races." Marianne Kaufmann-Abderhalden of Switzerland earned a maiden World Cup victory, beating Slovenia's Tina Maze by 0.29 seconds and Austria's Cornelia Huetter by 0.50 seconds. Kaufmann-Abderhalden trails Germany's Maria Hoefl-Riesch by six points in the downhill standings. Hoefl-Riesch was ninth Saturday. Oh, Canada . Erik Guay has had knee problems of his own -- undergoing surgery in August -- but the Canadian was the fastest in the 50th running of the downhill in Val Gardena, Italy. He bettered Norway's Kjetil Jansrud by 0.12 seconds and France's Johan Clarey by 0.24 seconds to claim a fourth World Cup win. Norway's Aksel Lund Svindal, the current overall leader, and former overall champion Bode Miller of the U.S were fourth and fifth, respectively. Svindal also leads the downhill standings through three races.
highlights: Lindsey Vonn misses a gate and can't complete a downhill in Val d'Isere, France . Vonn says she is still injured and will likely only take part in one or two races before the Olympics . Marianne Kaufmann-Abderhalden won the race ahead of Tina Maze . Canada's Erik Guay wins a men's downhill in Val Gardena, one of the classics .
id: b5e07609c91ff6e95901ce33efe0554c2eacf946
chatgpt: In downhill skiing, one little mistake can cost an athlete everything. Lindsey Vonn experienced that firsthand in Val d'Isere, France on Saturday when she missed a gate and was unable to complete the race. It's a disappointing result for Vonn, who was hoping to build on her 79 World Cup victories this season.  Vonn has been dealing with injuries for the past few years and said after the race that she's still not at 100% and will likely only participate in one or two races before the Olympics. Her schedule will be carefully curated to ensure she's in the best possible condition for the Pyeongchang Games.  As for the Val d'Isere race, that honor went to Marianne Kaufmann-Abderhalden of Switzerland. She finished ahead of famous Slovenian skier Tina Maze, who retired from the sport after the 2015-2016 season. Kaufmann-Abderhalden was understandably thrilled with her victory, as it was her first World Cup win since 2015.  On the men's side, it was Canada's Erik Guay who emerged victorious in Val Gardena, one of the classics of the skiing season. Guay is a veteran of the Canadian ski team, with 25 World Cup podiums to his name. He's also a two-time world champion and an Olympic medalist.  The Val Gardena race is one of the most prestigious on the skiing calendar, with a long and storied history. It's also known for its challenging course, which combines expertly-placed obstacles with stunning scenery. Guay navigated it all expertly, finishing with a time of 1:28.22.  Guay's win in Val Gardena is especially meaningful because it comes after a series of injuries that have derailed his career over the past few years. He's undergone surgeries on both knees and has faced numerous other setbacks. But on Saturday, he showed the world that he's still a force to be reckoned with.  Both the Val d'Isere and Val Gardena races are important markers on the road to the Olympics, which will kick off in February in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Skiers are looking to gain momentum, confidence, and valuable experience as they compete against each other and against the clock. With the countdown to the Games well underway, every result counts.  For Lindsey Vonn, that race in Val d'Isere was a reminder that in skiing, nothing is guaranteed. But for Erik Guay, it was a shining moment that he'll remember for years to come. As the skiing world turns its attention to the next events on the calendar, fans will be watching closely to see who emerges as a true contender for Olympic gold.