article: So, is this how the Formula One cars of the future will look? Ferrari have released images of a ‘concept’ design, a cross between their 2015 challenger and a supercar. They have called on their fans to voice their opinion, and, despite its seemingly radical nature compared to today's cars, the Maranello marque insist few changes to the current regulations would be required for F1 to venture down such a route. Ferrari have called on their fans to voice their opinion following the reveal of a concept Formula One car . With the sport looking to make changes for the future, and with ideas up for discussion at an F1 Commission meeting in Geneva on Tuesday, Ferrari have unveiled their own idea as to how an F1 car should look . Sebastian Vettel gets to grips with this year's Ferrari at the season-opening test in Jerez . Vettel is starting his first season with Ferrari after the four-times world champion left Red Bull . Explaining the release of the pictures, Ferrari said via their website: ‘Would it be possible to come up with an F1 car which not only is technologically advanced, but also captivating to the eye and aggressive-looking? And could this be made without having to overturn the current technical rules? ‘At Ferrari, we believe so. Let us introduce you to the ‘concept design’ that was conceived by our design studio together with the Scuderia’s aero department. ‘Minimal changes give the car a look that is way different from what have been familiar with so far. ‘Our challenge was to create something that was – to put it short – better looking.’ Former Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso puts his new McLaren through its paces at the opening winter test . Ferrari’s aggressive design comes on the day the Formula One Commission is considering aesthetic changes to the cars for the 2016 campaign and beyond. Wider cars and tyres have been agreed on in principle, but a date is yet to be settled on. Red Bull are keen to bring in changes for the 2016 campaign, with last year’s pacesetters Mercedes prepared to wait until a year later. How Formula One cars have evolved... 1960s . John Surtees, the only man to win a world championship on two and four wheels, won the title in 1964 racing for Ferrari . 1970s . Three-times world champion Niki Lauda at the wheel of his Ferrari during the 1974 British Grand Prix . 1980s . Nigel Mansell raced for Ferrari at the back end of the 1980s before joining Williams for the 1991 campaign . 1990s . Gerhard Berger gets to grips with his 1995 Ferrari at the Monaco Grand Prix . 2000s . Michael Schumacher, pictured in his 2005 Ferrari, when he claimed his fifth successive championship .
highlights: Ferrari released two images of a radical new concept on Tuesday . It appears to be a cross between their current design and a supercar . Images coincide with meeting of F1 Commission in Geneva on Tuesday . Bosses deciding future of the sport and how cars will look in future . CLICK HERE for all the latest F1 news .
id: 52eb01cbb3b918ddc66fcf32b07723aaee8ec0d3
chatgpt: On Tuesday, Ferrari made headlines when they released two images of a radical new concept car that appears to be a cross between their current design and a supercar. The images were released as a coincidence with the meeting of the F1 Commission which was held in Geneva that same day. The meeting was convening to discuss many topics, mainly the future of the sport and how cars will look in the future. The new concept car appears to be a significant departure from Ferrari's current designs. The company is well-known for producing high-performance luxury vehicles that are both sleek and elegant. But this new concept seems to be a departure from that norm, featuring a more aggressive and sporty design that looks like nothing Ferrari has ever created before. Ferrari has not given any information about the concept, only stating that it's a vision of the future that explores how the company can push the limit of design and technology. They have not revealed any details regarding specifications or performance, leaving car enthusiasts all over the world guessing about what this new creation could be. Given that the unveiling coincided with the F1 Commission meeting in Geneva, many have speculated that this could be a preview of what future F1 cars could look like. The F1 Commission has been tasked with exploring new technical regulations that would improve the quality of racing and make F1 more competitive. With the release of the new concept car, fans and racing enthusiasts have started to speculate that Ferrari may be hinting that they will lead the way in setting new standards for F1 cars. The meeting of the F1 Commission has been a significant moment for the sport, with major stakeholders coming together to discuss the future of the sport. The commission is tasked with developing a plan for the future of F1 that will take the sport forward into the next decade. With the release of the Ferrari concept car, the commission is sure to have plenty to talk about. Ferrari is one of the most successful teams in the history of F1, having won more drivers' and constructors' championships than any other team. The company has always been at the forefront of innovation, pushing the boundaries of design and engineering to create some of the most beautiful and high-performance cars in the world. With the release of this new concept, it is clear that Ferrari is not content with resting on its laurels and is always looking for new ways to advance the sport. In conclusion, Ferrari's new radical concept car has generated a lot of buzz among car enthusiasts and racing fans. With the F1 Commission meeting held in Geneva at the same time, speculations are rife that the concept car previews what future F1 cars could look like. It is now clear that Ferrari is at the vanguard of constant innovation, and everyone is eagerly waiting for the unveiling of the new concept car's specifications and performance capabilities. We can't wait to see what the future holds for Ferrari and the F1 racing world.