article: A prisoner jailed for more than nine years for his part in a massive fraud operation is using his day release to embark on an affair with a married mother-of-three. Convicted forger Phillip Brown, 48, has been seen at the home of Elisha Neal, who he met at a party last Christmas and began seeing each other shortly afterwards. Brown was jailed in 2011 for his role in a gang of forgers who faked £17.5million of banknotes. Convicted forger Phillip Brown (right), 48, has been seen at the home of Elisha Neal (left), who he met at a party last Christmas and began seeing each other shortly afterwards . Couple: The pair posted this photo of themselves together to Facebook . He is let out of Standford Hill Open Prison in Kent, where Ms Neal lives nearby, to work as a builder as part of his rehabilitation. But he uses the time to meet up with his 34-year-old lover. It has been alleged he is able to do so because his boss is a friend and he is under minimal supervision by prison officials. A source told The Sun: 'What sort of prison sentence is that? 'Phil's supposed to be working but his boss is his mate so he sneaks off to meet Elisha and goes back to prison in the evening.' Ms Neal's husband reportedly moved out of their home in January has filed for divorce. He described the pair as 'wrong 'uns'. Pictures posted on her Facebook account show the couple embracing. It has since been deleted. Convicted forger Phil Brown arrives at the home of Elisha Neal, who has split from her husband . HM Prison Standford Hill in Kent, where Brown was on day release from . Day release prisoners are allowed an overnight visit to family members once a month. When questioned, Ms Neal claimed she only saw him every three weeks, when he went on home leave and stayed at his sister's house, but refused to comment further after seeing pictures of her and Brown outside her home. Brown is now reportedly in a secure jail while the matter is investigated.A spokesman said anyone who violates rules surrounding day release will suffer 'severe consequences'.
highlights: Phillip Brown was jailed for role in forging £17.5million of bank notes . He has embarked on affair with married mum-of-three Elisha Neal . The pair meet up while he is on day release, it has been revealed .
id: 042e56015136923fd767ff94541de1ed1c502f81
chatgpt: Phillip Brown, the man who was jailed for his role in the forging of £17.5 million worth of bank notes, has reportedly embarked on an affair with a married mother-of-three named Elisha Neal. The scandal came to light after it was revealed that the pair had been meeting up while Brown was on day release from prison. According to sources, Brown and Neal had started their illicit relationship shortly after they had met at a local bar. Despite knowing that Brown was a prisoner, Neal had apparently fallen for his charm and wits. Over time, their relationship had developed into a full-blown affair, with Brown even admitting to friends that he had grown to love her. The news of the affair has shocked many, especially considering that Neal is a married woman with three children. When asked about the relationship, Neal's husband had no comment, but sources close to the family say that he is devastated by the revelation. Brown, who is currently serving time at a high-security prison, had been granted day release to attend a rehabilitation program. It was during one of these releases that he had met up with Neal, with authorities now investigating how the two had managed to coordinate their meetings without being detected. While it is not uncommon for prisoners to form relationships with visitors, officials stress that such behavior is strictly forbidden and can lead to serious consequences. Brown, who is already serving a significant prison sentence, now faces the possibility of having time added onto his sentence. Sources close to Neal say that she is distraught over the situation and has expressed regret for her actions. She is now seeking counseling to deal with the fallout from the affair. As news of the scandal continues to spread, many are left wondering how such a relationship was able to develop without detection. Authorities are now reviewing their policies and procedures in order to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. For now, Brown remains in prison, while Neal deals with the fallout from her affair. Both will no doubt have a lot of soul-searching to do in the weeks and months ahead.