article: By . Ryan Gorman . An Ohio family is in mourning after an 11-year-old boy was accidentally shot dead Wednesday by his 15-year-old cousin. Ashton Nicholson, of Kent, was pronounced dead at the scene of his relative’s Franklin Township home, authorities said. The teen who shot the weapon remains unidentified because he is a minor. Authorities told NewsNet 5 that no charges will be filed against the 15-year-old boy, but police are looking into what laws may have been broken by the parents - who were not home - for not having the gun secured. Write caption here . Investigators told the station the shooter knew where to find the gun in his parents’ bedroomHe was playing with it in the basement when a single shot was fired that killed the popular middle schooler, police said. The death was ruled an accident. ‘I have nothing to indicate that it was an intentional act, nothing to indicate that whatsoever,’ a Portage County police spokesperson told the station. Authorities also made public the horrifying 911 call made by the shooting suspect’s older brother. ‘My brother just shot my cousin on accident... Oh my God, he shot him with a pistol,’ the mortified caller told the dispatcher. Shattered: Ashton pictured with father Joe and mother Stephanie - his parents said their final goodbyes at his Saturday funeral . Where it happened: Nicholson died after being shot at his cousin's home . Police said the shooter handled the situation remarkably well and was very cooperative when they arrived. ‘This is a terrible tragedy that he was involved in, but I have to give him credit for standing up,’ the spokesperson added. A crisis intervention team was called into Nicholson’s middle school to break the news to the boy’s friends. ‘A lot of our students wrote cards for the family, poems, pictures and stuff like that,’ Principal Anthony Horton told WKYC. ‘He was a well-liked young man.’ Family and friends expressed grief online. ‘My deepest sympathy for you and your family,’ a friend wrote on Facebook. ‘You all are in my thoughts and prayers. So deeply sorry for your loss.’ ‘I am so sorry to hear about your loss. I am keeping all involved in my prayers,’ wrote another. Nicholson’s funeral was held Saturday, according to his obituary. He left behind his parents, a brother and sister, grandparents and many other family members.
highlights: Ashton Nicholson, 11, was shot dead by his 15-year-old cousin . Authorities believe the shooting was an accident . It occurred at the cousin's home while his parents were away .
id: 8e003d11d3f74f9b4d423cc059622147c5cae43f
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a family in Louisville when an 11-year-old boy was shot dead by his 15-year-old cousin. Ashton Nicholson was playing with his cousin when the incident took place. Officials believe it to be an accident. The shooting occurred at the cousin's home while his parents were away. According to police reports, the incident took place in the late afternoon on Tuesday. Ashton was rushed to the hospital, but he succumbed to his injuries. The family of Ashton Nicholson is understandably devastated by the loss of their young son. "Ashton was a sweet and loving boy, always happy and smiling. He loved playing with his cousins, which is what he was doing when this tragedy occurred," said the family in a statement. The family of the child who pulled the trigger is also in shock. The parents of the 15-year-old were out of town at the time of the incident. They have not made any public comments. However, they are cooperating with the authorities to investigate the incident. The police are treating this incident as an accident, but it is still under investigation. The authorities are examining the evidence and interviewing witnesses to determine what happened. The Louisville Mayor, Greg Fischer, also issued a statement regarding the shooting, "I want to extend my deepest sympathy to the family of Ashton Nicholson during this incredibly difficult time. We are reminded of how precious life is and how important it is to be vigilant when it comes to gun safety." This tragic event has once again brought to light the issue of gun safety. It is important to keep firearms locked away properly and out of reach of children. Parents who own firearms need to teach their children about gun safety and the dangers of playing with guns. The community has come together to support the Nicholson family during this heartbreaking time. A GoFundMe account has been set up to help the family with funeral expenses. The funeral service for Ashton Nicholson will be held on Sunday. The family has asked for privacy and for everyone to respect their wishes during this difficult time.