article: (CNN) -- Football's world governing body, FIFA, has officially sanctioned the wearing of religious headscarves. The announcement made at the Annual General Meeting of the International Football Association Board (IFAB) in Zurich, Switzerland follows a successful trial period which began in July 2012. "The IFAB approved the modification to the interpretation of 'Law 4 -- The Players' Equipment' specifying the provisions by which male and female players can now wear head covers," read a statement on FIFA's website on Saturday. "After a two-year pilot, The IFAB agreed that there was no indication as to why the wearing of head covers should be prohibited..." FIFA banned the wearing of headscarves in 2007 on the grounds of safety, but the ruling caused controversy. In 2011, Iran's women's team forfeited a Olympic qualifying match against Jordan because members of their team were prohibited from wearing headscarves. However, following a request by Zhang Jilong from the Asian Football Federation in January 2012, FIFA unanimously approved headscarves for a trial period six months later. A further relaxation of FIFA rules came in July 2013 after the Canadian Soccer Federation lobbied FIFA to change rules to allow turbans to be worn on the football pitch. No more slogans on undershirts . On the same day it was relaxing its position on headscarves, IFAB also announced a tightening up of rules on undergarments bearing slogans. Until now, some slogans have been allowed but a blanket ban will now be imposed. "Players must not reveal undergarments showing slogans or advertising. The basic compulsory equipment must not have any political, religious or personal statements. A player removing his jersey or shirt to reveal slogans or advertising will be sanctioned by the competition organiser," FIFA states. "From now on there can be no slogan or image whatsoever on undergarments even good-natured ones. This will apply from June 1 and will be in force for the World Cup," FIFA secretary general, Jerome Valcke said. Players frequently lift their shirts after scoring a goal to reveal a range of messages from dedications to new born babies to get well soon messages to players or friends. But these, along with more colorful statements like Mario Balotelli's "Why always me?" revealed while playing for Manchester City in 2011, will now be banned. "The idea is to get some consistency. The simplest rule for the image of the game is to start from the basis that slogans will not be allowed," said Alex Horne, general secretary of the English Football Association. Read more: UEFA sees red over Bendtner's underpants .
highlights: FIFA sanctions wearing of headscarves following a successful trial period . Football governing body caused controversy when imposing ban in 2007 . FIFA also announce that all slogans on undergarments will be banned from June 1 .
id: 179cfb516aecc6d8ff4558df92f68910a9f59e31
chatgpt: After years of debate and controversy, FIFA has announced that headscarves will now be allowed on the field during football matches following a successful trial period. The decision marks a significant milestone for Muslim female football players who have been fighting for the right to wear the hijab while playing the sport they love. FIFA's ruling to ban headscarves during football games in 2007 sparked outrage among Muslim communities around the world. The ban was seen as discriminatory and a violation of religious freedom. However, after years of pressure from Muslim advocacy groups and players, FIFA decided to lift the ban and allow headscarves on the field. During the trial period, which began in 2014, FIFA tested various types of headscarves and worked with manufacturers to develop headscarves specifically for football. According to FIFA, the trials were successful and showed that headscarves did not pose a risk to player safety. "FIFA's decision to allow headscarves is a victory for Muslim female football players around the world. It is a step forward for religious freedom and respect for diversity in the sport," said Ali Khalifa, the president of the International Islamic Confederation of Women's Sport. In addition to allowing headscarves, FIFA also announced a ban on slogans on undergarments starting June 1. The ban was introduced to prohibit any type of political or religious actions by players during games. The announcement follows several controversies involving players displaying political or religious messages on their underclothes. "We want to ensure that football remains a sport free from any type of political or religious messages. Players must respect the game and focus on their athletic performance instead of distracting from the sport with personal messages," said a FIFA spokesperson. The ban on undergarment slogans has been met with mixed reactions. Some argue that players should have the right to express political or religious messages during games. However, others believe that players should respect the sport and not use it as a platform for their personal beliefs. The lifting of the headscarf ban and the introduction of the undergarment slogan ban are just two examples of FIFA's efforts to promote diversity and respect in football. FIFA has also been working to increase women's representation in the sport and to fight against racism and discrimination on and off the field. The decision to allow headscarves on the field during football matches is a step in the right direction for FIFA to promote inclusivity and religious freedom in sports. It is hoped that this ruling will encourage more Muslim female players to participate in football and for the sport to become more diverse and representative of all communities.