article: By . Carol Driver . PUBLISHED: . 04:43 EST, 18 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:03 EST, 18 March 2014 . Portable beach jails and extra police officers have been deployed to beaches in Florida to cope with the spring break invasion. The move comes after a huge spike in crime as thousands of teenagers hit the state’s Gulf Coast for the annual vacation. In the first week of spring break on Panama City Beach alone, already more than 210 arrests have been made for underage drinking, public intoxication, DUI, and one person has been charged with sexual assault. High police presence: More officers have been deployed to cope with the spring break invasion in Florida . Portable jails: The mobile unit on Panama City Beach allows officers to deal with offences quickly . One university student, Reny Jose, has been missing for more than a week after taking the hallucinogenic drug LCD at a beach house. And 21-year-old Rebecca Denardis, of Cary, was killed when the car she was driving was hit by a truck in a DUI-related crash. Panama City Beach Police Chief Drew Whitman said the portable jails had been brought in to allow officers to crack down on underage drinking and other offences without making the two-hour round-trip from the beach to the county jail. Annual holiday: Up to 300,000 students are expected to visit Panama City Beach during spring break . He said: 'The hotels have extra security staff, we have on our website information about how to enjoy spring break responsibly, and police walk the beaches and interact with the kids throughout the day to make sure that they are staying smart and to addresses situations before they occur.' About 300,000 college students are expected to converge on Panama City Beach during March. More than half this number will crowd Orlando's theme parks and attractions, with spring break the third busiest time of the year for the city. Paul Phipps, spokesman for Visit Florida, said he was expecting bumper tourism levels in March and April, with numbers already up on last year. 'We expect that trend to continue,' he added.
highlights: 300,000 college students expected to visit Panama City Beach for holiday . 211 arrests in first week include for underage drinking, public intoxication . Mobile units will help cut arrest process time, say police .
id: 7f867b4a32edba55c990d2d1fca566be0dad9729
chatgpt: Panama City Beach is expected to see a massive arrival of college students this holiday season. It is estimated that around 300,000 students from various universities will be visiting the popular spring break spot. However, local law enforcement is cracking down on underage drinking and public intoxication, leading to 211 arrests in just the first week alone.  The Panama City Beach police department has stated that they have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to breaking the law. They have been proactive in preventing any misbehavior from occurring, and are determined to maintain a safe environment for both residents and visitors.  Authorities have set up mobile units to expedite the arrest process and reduce the amount of time it takes to process charges. This allows police officers to arrest and detain individuals who are breaking the law without having to take them back to the station. Initially, this was seen as a trial program, but it proved to be so successful that authorities are now planning to use it year-round.  Panama City Beach has not always had the best reputation when it comes to spring breakers, and local authorities are keen to change this perception. The crackdown on lawbreakers is part of a larger effort to promote the town as a safe and enjoyable place for students to visit. Businesses in the area are also supporting these efforts, with many actively promoting responsible drinking habits and reminding visitors of the consequences of their actions.  The Panama City Beach Chamber of Commerce and Visitor’s Bureau has also been working to improve the overall image of Panama City Beach. They have developed a campaign called “See Something, Say Something” which encourages locals and visitors to report any suspicious behavior. The aim of this campaign is to create a sense of community and shared responsibility among both residents and tourists.  The events in Panama City Beach are not isolated incidents. Other popular spring break destinations across the United States have experienced similar issues. In some areas, like Miami, the number of arrests has been much higher due to a greater number of tourists.  Overall, authorities in Panama City Beach are optimistic about the progress they have made, and believe that the measures taken thus far will lead to a safer and more enjoyable spring break for hundreds of thousands of college students. They encourage all visitors to act responsibly and to respect the laws of the town. By doing so, they can ensure that Panama City Beach remains a top destination for spring breakers for years to come.