article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Two federal agencies warned consumers Friday not to eat raw Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough. Consumers are advised to throw out all prepackaged, refrigerated Nestle Toll House cookie dough products. The company said it is recalling an estimated 300,000 cases of the dough as a precaution after reports of food-borne illness in 28 states. There are concerns that the premade dough may be contaminated with the bacterium E. coli 0157:H7, which causes abdominal cramping, vomiting and diarrhea, the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Young children and the elderly can suffer more serious symptoms. Nestle issued a statement saying, "While the E. coli strain implicated in this investigation has not been detected in our product, the health and safety of our consumers is paramount, so we are initiating this voluntary recall." According to Nestle spokeswoman Laurie MacDonald, raw dough was one of the things the sick people reported eating. "The health and safety of our consumers is our No. 1 priority," she said. "We felt the best thing to do is a voluntary recall." She said the company was informed by the FDA Wednesday night "and immediately took action." "We really want to remind consumers that raw cookie dough should not be eaten," she said. Since March, the CDC says, 66 people have become sick in 28 states after eating raw cookie dough. Twenty-five people were hospitalized. No one has died. The FDA and the CDC say people who have become sick after eating refrigerated Toll House cookie dough should contact their doctors. They advise consumers to throw out all prepackaged, refrigerated Nestle Toll House cookie dough products. Retailers and restaurateurs should not sell or serve any Toll House cookie dough products, the agencies said. The company said the market share for Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough for the most recent 52-week period was 41 percent. The recall does not include already-baked Toll House cookies, varieties of Toll House morsels, chocolate baking bars or cocoa or Dreyer's and Edy's ice cream products with Nestle Toll House cookie dough ingredients.
highlights: 300,000 cases of Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough being recalled . 66 cases of food-borne illness reported in 28 states; dough is one common link . Dough may be contaminated with E. coli, which causes gastric symptoms . Nestle: E. coli not detected in product; recall is safety precaution .
id: 6e3ec517ec468e94291f1e763a0562605063b674
chatgpt: Nestle Toll House, one of the most popular makers of the refrigerated cookie dough, has announced a recall of nearly 300,000 cases of its products due to a possible contamination with E. coli. The move comes after a link was found between the dough and 66 cases of food-borne illness reported in 28 states.  While the company claims that it has not found any traces of E. coli in the product, the recall is being done as a safety precaution. The dough, which is a popular item with home bakers across the country, could make consumers sick owing to the presence of the bacteria. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), E. coli is particularly dangerous for children, older adults, and those with weakened immune systems. It can cause symptoms like diarrhea (which may be bloody), dehydration, and even kidney failure in severe cases.  The recall covers 16 products of refrigerated Nestle Toll House cookie dough with use-by dates ranging from Aug. 24 to Oct. 3, 2021. The products include both the traditional chocolate chip cookie dough, as well as variations that have added ingredients like peanut butter or M&Ms.  Consumers who have purchased any of the affected products are being urged to throw them away or return them to the store for a refund. Nestle is also advising anyone who has eaten the dough and experienced symptoms of food poisoning to seek medical attention immediately. In a statement, the company said that it was "committed to producing the highest quality products" and was working with the authorities to ensure that the issue was resolved as quickly as possible.  This is not the first time that refrigerated cookie dough has been recalled due to contamination concerns. In 2009, Nestle Toll House recalled 3.6 million packages of dough after an outbreak of E. coli was linked to the product. A similar recall was announced by the company in 2016. Despite the recalls, refrigerated cookie dough remains a popular product, with many consumers opting for the convenience of being able to bake cookies at home without the hassle of making the dough from scratch. However, these latest events serve as a reminder that food safety should always be taken seriously, and consumers should be vigilant when it comes to eating products that could be contaminated.