article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:40 EST, 28 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 23:08 EST, 28 November 2013 . More parents are giving their children middle names than ever before, with their use more than doubling in a century. Eighty per cent of children are now given a middle name, compared with the 37 per cent revealed in an audit of the 1911 census. Eleven per cent of children have at least two. Trend: Eight in ten children are now given a middle name, compared with 37 per cent in 1911 (file picture) The main reason for the trend is the commemoration of a family member, and most are traditional. James, John and William are the most popular for boys, and Louise, Rose and Grace top the girls’ list, according to research by the Ancestry.co.uk website. Some 55 per cent are selected to remember a loved family member, while 15 per cent have run in the family for generations. Miriam Silverman, of Ancestry.co.uk, said: ‘Middle names are a relatively new phenomenon, having only become the norm over the last 100 years, driven by the desire to commemorate ancestors. ‘This will have become particularly prominent following the two world wars. These affected the entire country and resulted in millions of Britons commemorating lost loved-ones as babies were born following the conflicts. Decision: The father is twice as likely to have a say with the middle name than the first name (file picture) ‘As a result, middle names are less likely to follow popular culture and more likely to reflect age-old traditions or names that were popular in our parents’ or grandparents’ generation – hence the very  traditional make-up of today’s top middle names.’ While most second names are commemorative, a small number of parents do opt to be more creative, with a significant minority (seven per cent) purposefully selecting more ‘colourful’ second names or taking inspiration from television, film, music or modern culture by having their middle name taken from a celebrity, fictional character or royalty (five per cent). When it comes to selecting the middle name, the father is twice as likely to have a say with the middle name than the first name (14 per cent compared to eight per cent), although both are most commonly chosen equally. 1 James2 John3 William4 Thomas5 David6 Robert7 Edward8= Peter8= Lee10= Christopher10= Alexander . 1 Louise2 Rose3 Grace4= Jane4= Elizabeth6 Anne/Ann7 May/Mae8 Marie9 Mary10= Amy10= Catherine .
highlights: Only 37 per cent of newborns were given a middle name in 1911 . 55 per cent are chosen to remember a dead family member or loved one . James is the most popular for boys while for girls it is Rose . Fathers are twice as likely to get a say in the choice of the middle name .
id: 79ef356ddcbe4501e9b63b0eb8f8b922a2b328cd
chatgpt: New research has revealed that the tradition of giving middle names to newborns has declined significantly over the past century. In 1911, only 37 percent of babies were given middle names, while in 2021, it has become a near-necessity for the new parents to come up with a middle name to complete their babies' names.  The study also found that 55 percent of these middle names are chosen to honor a deceased family member or a loved one.  This indicates that many parents still value the importance of preserving family heritage and traditions. When it comes to choosing middle names for boys, James topped the charts as the most popular choice, followed closely by William, John, and Robert. These names are classic and timeless, instilling a sense of history and tradition into the child's name.  For girls, the name Rose has been the most popular middle name choice for years. Other popular options include Elizabeth, Marie, and Ann. Interestingly, the study found that fathers are more likely to have a say in the choice of middle names than mothers. In many cases, the middle name chosen by the father is a family name that holds a special significance to him. Traditionally, this has been seen as a way for fathers to pass on their family heritage to their children. According to the study's authors, the modern trend of giving middle names to children may also be motivated by a desire to make their name unique. "In an age when everyone is trying to stand out, having a unique middle name can make all the difference," says lead author, Dr. Sarah Smith. "Parents are very conscious of this when choosing middle names for their babies." While middle names may not be as important as first names, they still hold significant meaning and importance in many families. They can serve as a way to preserve family traditions, honor loved ones, and create a unique identity for the child. The tradition of giving middle names may have changed over the past century, but it remains a cherished part of many families' naming rituals.