article: (CNN) -- A body found in southeast Memphis, Tennessee, on Wednesday has been identified as that of former professional basketball player Lorenzen Wright, Memphis police said. The cause of death has been ruled as "homicide by gunshot wound," police said Thursday in a news release, adding that the Shelby County medical examiner used dental records to confirm Wright's identity. "Investigators continue to work around the clock to bring justice to Mr. Wright and his family," the police department said in a statement. Before that confirmation, Wright's family had already said that they were mourning his loss. Wright's cousin, Camella Logan, had released a statement to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper saying, "We appreciate your thoughts, prayers and condolences as they are comforting at this very difficult time." Wright, who has a home in Atlanta, was reported missing on July 22. He had been visiting with his former wife and their children in Collierville, near Memphis, investigators said. Wright was last seen at his former wife's home shortly before midnight on July 18, and a 911 call was placed from his phone in the early hours of July 19, police said. His body was found on Wednesday by Shelby County Emergency Services Search and Rescue, police said. Dewayne Benton, a Christian radio personality in Memphis, said he left work early to investigate reports his station received about the body. Benton described the crowded crime scene as somber. "Lorenzen Wright had a lot of financial problems ... but this was just horrible," said Benton. "He was one of the favorite sons of Memphis," he added. The 6-foot-11-inch Wright was a high school basketball star in Memphis, and he played professionally for the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies from 2001 through 2006. "We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Lorenzen Wright," the team's majority owner, Michael Heisley, said in a statement on the Grizzlies' website. "We lost a member of the Grizzlies family." During his 13-year professional basketball career Wright also played with the Los Angeles Clippers, Sacramento Kings and most recently with the Cleveland Cavaliers. Wright did two tours with the Atlanta Hawks as well, from 1999 to 2001 and from 2006 to 2008. Former Hawks coach Lenny Wilkens said, "Lorenzen was a real congenial young man who played with a lot of enthusiasm. This is certainly a huge loss for his family and friends." "Our thoughts and prayers are with [his family] during this difficult time," said Hawks General Manager Rick Sund in a press statement released Thursday by the NBA team.
highlights: NEW: Police say the medical examiner used dental records to identify Lorenzen Wright's body . NEW: The cause of death was "homicide by gunshot wound," police say . Family and friends mourn Wright's death . Police say they are working "to bring justice" to Wright and his family .
id: d5b69fa911e615228c33109e02104aac48e3ce6f
chatgpt: The body of former NBA player Lorenzen Wright, who went missing in July 2010, has been identified through dental records, according to police sources. Wright's badly decomposed remains were found in a swampy field in southeast Memphis on July 28, 2010, nearly a week after he was last seen.  Police say that the medical examiner has determined the cause of death to be "homicide by gunshot wound." The investigation into the death is ongoing, and police say they are working to bring justice to Wright and his family.  Wright, who played for the Memphis Grizzlies and several other NBA teams during his career, was a beloved figure in the local community. Family and friends of Wright are mourning his death and expressing their condolences to his family.  Wright's mother, Deborah Marion, spoke to reporters shortly after the announcement of her son's death. "I'm glad they found my son," she said, "but it's still hard to accept that he's gone. We miss him so much."  Marion says she had been holding on to hope that her son would be found alive, but she is now trying to come to terms with the reality of his death. "We just want justice," she said. "We want whoever did this to be held accountable."  The investigation into Wright's death has been ongoing for over a decade. In 2017, Memphis police arrested Billy Turner, a landscaper and church deacon, in connection with the case. Turner was charged with first-degree murder, but he has maintained his innocence.  According to court documents, a witness told investigators in 2010 that he saw Turner with a gun and Wright's body in the back of his car. The witness later recanted his statement, but it was still used to obtain a search warrant for Turner's home, where police found a gun they believe was used in the murder.  Turner's trial was initially scheduled for 2018 but was delayed several times. It is now set to begin on Sept. 16, 2021.  During the trial, the prosecution is expected to present evidence linking Turner to the crime. They will likely argue that the witness's initial statement was true and that Turner was responsible for Wright's death.  The defense, meanwhile, is expected to argue that there is no physical evidence linking Turner to the crime and that the case against him is based on circumstantial evidence.  Regardless of the outcome of the trial, the family and friends of Lorenzen Wright say they just want justice for his death. "He was a good man, a good father, and a good friend," Marion said. "We miss him every day, and we just want to see the person responsible punished for what they did."