article: (CNN) -- A judge restored Katherine Jackson as permanent guardian of Michael Jackson's children and approved a plan to add their cousin T.J. Jackson as co-guardian during a hearing Thursday. "It's clear to me that the children are well-cared-for by Mrs. Jackson," Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff said. "It's clear to me that they love her very much and they have substantial significant relations with T.J. Jackson and love him very much." The decision comes in a hearing eight days after the same court suspended the family matriarch as guardian because she had been gone and out of communications with the three children for 10 days. Read more: Jermaine Jackson offers 'olive branch' in family feud . T.J. Jackson, the 34-year-old son of Jackson 5 original Tito Jackson, was appointed temporary guardian last week. A hearing August 22 will determine if he will remain as a co-guardian with his grandmother. The judge said he is already inclined to grant it. The initial report suggests there are "things about T.J. Jackson that the kids can relate to," Beckloff said. T.J. Jackson has been caring for the children in the past whenever their grandmother was away, her lawyer said. A court investigator interviewed Katherine Jackson and the children -- Prince, Paris and Blanket -- on Friday, he said. "The kids seem to be doing very, very well," Beckloff said. "All of the controversy caused me great concern." Diana Ross, whom Michael Jackson named as a backup guardian in his will, visited with the children Wednesday and agreed with the plan, according to the lawyer who represents the children. It was a private meeting at their home, another lawyer said. The co-guardianship arrangement, which is supported by the three children, codifies "the very thing that's been in place since Michael's death," Katherine Jackson lawyer Perry Sanders said after the hearing. Complete coverage of the Jackson family .
highlights: Diana Ross visits Michael Jackson's kids and approves guardianship plan, lawyer says . Pop star's mother was suspended as guardian because she was out of communication . Judge restored her as permanent guardian during hearing Thursday . The children's cousin T.J. Jackson is named co-guardian .
id: e414578be38fe092c86574fc7487d418ad2992da
chatgpt: Diana Ross visited the children of Michael Jackson and reportedly approved of a guardianship plan that was put in place after the children's grandmother was suspended as their guardian. Katherine Jackson had been the children's guardian since Michael's death in 2009, but her suspension was due to her being out of communication. However, during a hearing on Thursday, a judge restored her as the children's permanent guardian. The guardianship plan also included naming the children's cousin, T.J. Jackson, as co-guardian. T.J., who is the son of Michael's brother, Tito Jackson, had been serving as the children's temporary guardian since last month. The plan was presented to the judge after months of family turmoil and speculation about the children's welfare. The news of Diana Ross visiting Michael Jackson's children has sparked rumors that she may have a closer relationship with the late singer's family than previously thought. Ross and Jackson had a close friendship, dating back to the 1970s when they both starred in the movie "The Wiz." Ross was also an important figure in Jackson's life, as she was instrumental in getting him a solo deal with Motown records after he left the Jackson 5. However, it is not clear if Ross has any official role in the guardianship plan or if her visit was purely a personal one. Neither Ross nor the Jackson family has made any public statements about her role in the ongoing family drama. The recent developments in the guardianship plan have brought some stability to the Jackson family, who have been grappling with legal and personal issues in the aftermath of Michael's death. Despite the controversies and uncertainties, it is clear that the children's welfare remains the top priority for all involved. Overall, the news of Diana Ross visiting Michael Jackson's children and approving of the guardianship plan is a hopeful sign for the family, who have been through so much in the last few months. It remains to be seen what the future holds for the family, but for now, they can take solace in the fact that the children are in good hands.