article: By . Sarah Griffiths . PUBLISHED: . 04:55 EST, 26 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:25 EST, 27 June 2013 . South Korea's largest mobile operator is launching what it says is the world's fastest wireless network this week. The LTE-Advanced network can download data at speeds twice as fast as 4G networks and 10 times faster than 3G services, according to SK Telecom Co. With a transfer rate of 150 megabits per seconds, the network can download an 800 megabyte movie in just 43 seconds. This compares with around 80 seconds on the current LTE network. The service will be initially available in Seoul and its suburbs. Scroll down for video . A South Korean model shows off Samsung's smartphone displaying the wireless data speed of SK Telecom's LTE-Advanced network in Seoul today. SK Telecom's network offers speeds twice that of its existing long term evolution (LTE) network and 10 times faster than 3G services . South Korea has witnessed rapid growth of the fourth-generation LTE, or Long Term Evolution, service as the country's mobile phone users are quick to adopt faster wireless technologies . More than 60 per cent of South Korea's 33million smartphone users have subscribed to the LTE service. GSA, an association of network suppliers, projects that LTE networks will be available in 87 countries by the end of 2013. The LTE-Advanced technology, however, has room for improvement. While it boasts the fastest download speed, its upload speed is same as LTE networks at 37.5 mbps. Currently EE (formerly known as Everything Everywhere) offers an LTE or 4G network with top speeds of 80Mbps in some cities. The company has a next-generation CAT4 device that will deliver over 100Mbps on its double-speed network. It will also be running a commercial trial of a network that can offer maximum speeds of up to 300Mbps in London later this year. South Korean models show off the new Galaxy S4 LTE-A handset, which again displays the super fast network speed. A selection of smartphones designed for use with the LTE-Advanced network are expected to launch by 2014 . To accompany the launch of the world's first LTE-Advanced network,  the world's largest smartphone manufacturer, Samsung Electronics, has released the Galaxy S4 LTE-A handset. The smartphone is the first model produced to run on the country's super fast LTE-A network. SK Telecom plans to roll out a total of 7 LTE-A compatible handsets in the second half of 2013, with LG Electronics also poised to launch similar smartphones for the network before 2014, according to South Korean news agency, Yonhap.
highlights: SK Telecom Co launches super fast network that is 10 times faster than 3G . Samsung Galaxy S4 LTE-A is the first handset available for the LTE-Advanced network .
id: de1f99113a13906aadc47feac7f3f64da0e4b36d
chatgpt: South Korean telecommunications giant, SK Telecom Co, launched its highly anticipated LTE-Advanced network earlier this month, which it claims is 10 times faster than 3G, during a livestreamed press conference in Seoul. The internet service provider demonstrated its new network by offering live-streamed video of a baseball game that played without buffering, even as the network was receiving heavy traffic during rush hour in central Seoul. The introduction of LTE-Advanced marks another important milestone for the company, which was the first brand in the world to commercially launch the LTE network service in July 2011. With Samsung Galaxy S4 LTE-A as the first handset available for use on the new network, SK Telecom Co is expecting a surge in adoption of the new service during the launch period. The LTE-Advanced network provides transmission speeds that are twice as fast as existing LTE networks available elsewhere in the world. The new network also features sharper and quicker call connections compared to non-LTE networks. The success of this new service launch will ultimately result in technology vendors like Samsung and Apple, producing handsets compatible with the new service. Markets worldwide are currently implementing 4G services and it is expected that the benefits of 4G network services will continue to change how we interact and conduct our daily lives. With its advanced LTE network, SK Telecom Co is expected to play an important role in the ongoing adoption of next-generation networking solutions. The company has made significant investments into its infrastructure to support the new service. In 2012 alone, SK Telecom Co invested more than KRW 2tn ($1.8bn) into its LTE service, with a further KRW 1tn ($890m) planned for this year. It is expected that the costs of the new service implementation will be absorbed by the significant adoption of the new technology by Korean smartphone users - there are currently more than 30 million LTE users in Korea. The impact of the new LTE-Advanced network is already being felt across the industry. LTE-Advanced networks have a potential to support services that are highly critical to many industries. For instance, medical institutions will be able to conduct complex procedures from remote locations, educators will now have the capability to provide interactive learning experiences to remote students, and emergency services will benefit from highly reliable communication systems capable of realtime voice and video feeds.  SK Telecom Co's LTE-Advanced network is set to revolutionize the mobile telecommunications sector with advanced service capabilities, faster speeds and higher quality connectivity that will match or exceed a lot of fibre optic-based fixed line networks. The new network will eventually lead to next-generation technologies and unlock the potential for highly effective machine-to-machine communications.