article: It has been almost a year of anxious speculation. But when the moment came for a 'major character' on The Simpsons to be killed off, viewers were less than impressed. It was Krusty The Clown's father, Rabbi Hyman Krustofsky. Scroll down for video . Not so dramatic? Fans blasted the long-awaited death of a 'major' character on The Simpsons tonight . Goodbye: Rabbi Hyman Krustofsky, Krusty The Clown's father, was axed in the season 26 premiere . And if social media is anything to go by, the character voiced by Emmy winner Jackie Mason will not be missed. One Facebook user raged: 'Krusty's dad... Lame worst episode ever! Lol' Another said: 'I was more upset when Frank Grimes died. And he was only on one episode.' And one simply remarked: 'That death was not a main character.' Creators have spent 11 months giving tantalizingly cryptic interviews regarding the victim that would be axed in much-hyped episode. In April, executive producer Al Jean told reporters the actor who plays the character has won an Emmy award for his Simpsons work - but that applies to numerous actors, including all six members of the main cast: Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Yeardley Smith, Nancy Cartwright, Hank Azaria, and Harry Shearer. Last week he refused to confirm or deny any of the suggested victims, saying: 'Some people have guessed it correctly, and some are really, really off.' When a reporter asked him if religion plays a part in the death, he simply replied 'yes'. Jean admits that he decided to make the episode a mysterious secret on a whim while speaking to journalists last fall. And he also revealed it is 'likely' Rabbi Krustofsky will return to the show in Krusty's dreams. He told Entertainment Weekly: 'I thought it would be a little sneaky to say that the character had won an Emmy and the next thing I knew it was a huge, worldwide story. Defense: Executive producer Al Jean said the rabbi is beloved but he did say the episode was over-hyped . 'So from that point on, we tried to tease it as best as possible but as you can see, there’s really about three clues you can give. It’s pretty obvious.' Jean even claims the episode title, Clown In The Dumps was made deliberately easy in order to play down the hype. He said: 'Then there were people going, “You’re killing Krusty???” And I was like, “What? In the dumps doesn’t mean you’re dead. It means you’re sad.” 'I thought it was so obvious. I would be nuts to kill Krusty. Everybody loves that character.' Rebuffing fans' disappointment, he said, 'I never said it’s an iconic character. I never used those words,' adding: 'He is beloved. Jackie Mason is wonderful. 'If you look back at the clues we gave, everything adds up, so I would find that satisfying. I wouldn’t feel like I was misled.'
highlights: Executive producer Al Jean revealed last year a lead character will die . Fans have been analyzing cryptic clues by show's writers for months . 26th season premiered tonight, fans taken to social media enraged .
id: 84b82fd7c74510dc8d38a9a8c5433753a9c4641e
chatgpt: As the 26th season of the beloved animated show returned to television screens nationwide, fans were met with a shocking revelation. As previously hinted by executive producer Al Jean, a lead character was to meet their untimely demise. The anticipation and speculation from fans had reached a fever pitch, as cryptic clues were constantly analyzed from the show's writers leading up to this fateful premiere. But what ultimately transpired left fans irate and heartbroken. The premiere episode, titled "A Vague Clairvoyant," delivered the unexpected loss of character Krusty the Clown. While not necessarily the show's primary protagonist, Krusty's presence and influence on the show's universe was immeasurable. He had been a fixture on the show since its creation, entertaining generations of fans with his stunts, quips, and catchphrases. Upon the announcement of Krusty's demise, fans took to social media to voice their displeasure. Many were left in tears, while others expressed a sense of betrayal from the show's writers. Some fans even declared that they would no longer be watching the show, feeling that the loss of such a beloved character was simply too much to bear. Executive producer Al Jean responded to the outrage on social media, stating that the decision to kill off Krusty was not taken lightly, but ultimately believed to be for the good of the show's narrative. He further emphasized that fans should trust the show's writers, as they continue to push the boundaries and create the best possible version of The Simpsons. Despite the pushback from fans, the show's creators remained unapologetic. In a statement released by Fox, the network that broadcasts The Simpsons, they expressed their continued support for showrunners and the creative vision for the series. They noted that the show's longevity was due in part to its willingness to take risks and challenge its established conventions. As news of Krusty's untimely demise continues to spread throughout the media and fan communities, it's clear that this is a moment that will continue to reverberate throughout the show's history. Regardless of how fans may feel about this particular decision, what's certain is that The Simpsons will continue to evolve and surprise audiences in ways that will keep us all coming back for more.