article: Highly-rated Everton youngster John Stones has revealed that one life-changing summer during his teen years prompted his mesmeric rise to the top after uncertainty whether he would even make the grade at former side Barnsley. The 20-year-old has now gone on to establish himself as a first-team regular in the Premier League at Everton, but rewind five years earlier and the future looked all the more contrasting for Stones. In an interview with The Times he said: 'I was actually held behind for two years. I played down, a year below my age group, when I was 14 or 15, playing with lads who were younger than me. John Stones looks to advance with the ball as Rickie Lambert looks on during Everton's 1-1 draw at Liverpool . Stones had an uncertain future at Barnsley as a youngster before making the grade and then getting his big break at Premier League outfit Everton in January 2013 . 'That was tough, being told that, but I was small at the time. I think it was a kick up the bum, too, a reminder that you need to start producing  I suppose I dug in and it paid off.' Ronnie Branson, academy manager at Barnsley, recently said 'he wasn't even the best player in the under 14 group' at the time, with Stones recollecting on the summer which changed everything. He added: 'I think it was my size more than anything. I just shot up one summer. No one could believe it. My size changed and, with that, I think my mentality changed too. 'It probably just clicked. I came back fitter, stronger and I could compete with lads my age. The 20-year-old comes up against Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel in the Merseyside derby last weekend . 'I just kicked on. I came back into my normal age group and then I quickly went up into the under-18s at 16, made my first-team debut at 17. That was probably a life-changer.' Stones went on to feature heavily in the Tykes' 2012/2013 campaign in particular, before making the move to Merseyside the next season for a reported fee of £3million. The youngster's early stages of his Everton career haven't gone bad either, recently penning a five-year contract extension at the club. Next up for Stones is the challenge of keeping out Radamel Falcao and Co at Old Trafford on Sunday.
highlights: John Stones faced an uncertain future during his early years at Barnsley . The 20-year-old was playing a year below his age group when he was a 15-year-old academy prospect at the Yorkshire side . However one summer changed everything as Stones made huge strides . The defender then went on to break into the first-team at Barnsley before signing for Premier League outfit Everton last January . Stones will have to contain the likes of Radamel Falcao and Co when they play Manchester United on Sunday .
id: fd028ced217d211a4ab9285206285903af0274d2
chatgpt: It was a time of uncertainty for John Stones during his early years at Barnsley. Despite being a 15-year-old academy prospect, he was playing a year below his age group. However, one summer changed the course of his career and set him on the path to stardom. The young defender made huge strides in his development and began to catch the attention of those at the club. Stones was eventually given his chance to shine in the first-team at Barnsley and quickly established himself as a key player. Following his success at Barnsley, Stones signed for Premier League outfit Everton in January of last year. Despite being a relatively unknown player, Everton were willing to take a chance on the young defender, and he quickly repaid their faith with some impressive performances. Stones' form has seen him become a regular starter for the Toffees, and he is quickly becoming one of the most promising young players in the Premier League. However, this Sunday, he will face his toughest test yet, as he will have to contain the likes of Radamel Falcao and Co when Everton take on Manchester United. Despite facing such a daunting task, Stones remains confident in his ability to handle the pressure. He believes that the trial and error of his early career has prepared him for the challenges he now faces on the pitch. Stones' journey from a young, uncertain prospect at Barnsley to a Premier League regular has served as an inspiration to many young players. His dedication, determination and hard work have helped him to achieve his goals, and he continues to strive for further success. As Stones takes to the pitch on Sunday to face Manchester United, he will do so with the knowledge that his early years taught him the value of hard work and dedication. Whether he comes out on top or not, his journey serves as a reminder that success is achievable for those who are willing to put in the effort.