article: LONDON, England  -- Almost 25,000 people will die this year of HIV/AIDS in Myanmar unless lifesaving treatment is significantly increased, according to a new report. A Doctors Without Borders worker handing out HIV/AIDS drugs in Myanmar. The study produced by leading international humanitarian organization, Doctors Without Borders said the failure by the government to provide HIV/AIDS treatment to its people is putting the population at risk. An estimated 240,000 people are thought to have HIV/AIDS in Myanmar with 76,000 of those people facing death unless they receive antiretroviral (ART) drug, the report published Tuesday said. Fewer than 20 percent of the people  are are able to access ART, according to the organization. Currently, Doctors Without Borders says it is almost the sole provider of these lifesaving drugs --providing them to more than 11,000 people. "It is unacceptable that a single NGO is treating the vast majority of HIV patients in a crisis of this magnitude," the charity's Operations Manager Joe Belliveau, said in a press release. The pressure on its resources means the charity has been forced to turn away patients. "Sometimes I wake up at midnight and dream of my patients. Women who come in are HIV positive --they have three children at home and the husband has passed away and we cannot provide any treatment for them," a doctor quoted in the research said. The government and international communities have provided very little to the crisis, Belliveau added. The government of Myanmar allocated just $200,000 for HIV/AIDS in 2008, which is one of the lowest amount spent worldwide, according to Doctors Without Borders. Drugs that are not provided by aid organizations or the government cost a patient $29 per month. With most people in Myanmar living on an average of $1.20 per day, the cost of drugs is unaffordable for most. The charity also appealed for intervention by the international community to avert the crisis. Myanmar currently receives around $3 per person in aid-- one of the lowest rates worldwide. One reason for this may be that international donor groups are reluctant to send aid to Myanmar, a country run by a strict military junta widely criticized for its atrocious human rights record. The report states aid agencies may be put off by challenges Myanmar imposes such as strict constraints and difficult bureaucratic procedures. Earlier this year when a deadly cyclone hit Myanmar that killed almost 100,000 people and left millions homeless, the government turned away international aid to the frustration of many organizations. Doctors Without Borders has been providing essential healthcare services in Myanmar since 1993 and began an integrated program in 2003 to support people living with HIV/AIDS.
highlights: HIV/AIDS treatment in Myanmar needs to improve drastically says a report . More than 25,000 people will die this year if these people don't get treatment . Doctors Without Borders is almost the sole supplier of aid and need funding . Government and international community need to give more money .
id: 99f33dc4ff55db199efd72a9a37616e5fffdbde7
chatgpt: HIV/AIDS treatment in Myanmar is in dire need of improvement, according to a new report released today. More than 25,000 people are expected to die this year alone if they do not receive adequate treatment for the virus. The report states that Doctors Without Borders is almost the sole supplier of aid and is in desperate need of funding to continue their operations. The government and international community must step up and provide more funding to combat this deadly epidemic. According to the report, HIV/AIDS treatment in Myanmar is severely lacking; many people have limited access to antiretroviral drugs, which can prevent the virus from spreading and help people manage the disease. Doctors Without Borders has been providing care and treatment to people living with HIV/AIDS in Myanmar for over a decade. However, their operations are threatened by a lack of funding. The organization relies heavily on donations from individuals and governments to continue their work in the country. The report highlights the crucial role that Doctors Without Borders plays in the fight against HIV/AIDS in Myanmar. They are often the only source of treatment and support for many people living with the virus. Without their aid, the situation could become even more dire. The government and international community must take responsibility for the situation and provide additional funding to support HIV/AIDS treatment and prevention efforts in Myanmar. The country has made progress in recent years, but the report warns that this progress could be reversed if more is not done to address the issue. The report emphasizes the urgent need for a coordinated response to this crisis. It calls for greater collaboration between the government, the international community and non-governmental organizations to ensure that people living with HIV/AIDS in Myanmar have access to the care and support they need. The situation in Myanmar is a stark reminder that we cannot afford to be complacent in the fight against HIV/AIDS. It is essential that we continue to invest in prevention and treatment efforts to ensure that everyone living with the virus has access to the care they need to live healthy and fulfilling lives. In conclusion, the report sends a clear message: HIV/AIDS treatment in Myanmar needs to improve drastically, and the government and international community must work together to ensure that people living with the virus have access to the care and support they need. It is time for action, and it is up to all of us to step up and make a difference.