article: The U.S. Supreme Court declared Friday that it will decide whether same-sex couples nationwide have a right to marry under the Constitution, and get the question settled by June. The justices said they will review an appellate ruling that upheld bans on same-sex unions in four states. The case will be argued in April and a decision is expected before July. Gay rights advocates like Vin Testa (pictured) will anxiously await a resolution to the gay marriage debate just months from now . Hilary Matheson (left) and Kay Flatten (right) kissed after they were pronounced 'married' by Rev. Allison Farnum at the Unitarian Universalist Church of Fort Myers, Fla., on Sunday, Jan. 11, 2015; they had been together for 28 year before they weer allowed to legally tie the knot . Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee are among the 14 states where gay and lesbian couples are not allowed to marry. The number of states that permit same-sex marriage has nearly doubled in three months as a result of federal and state court rulings. The justices' decision to turn away same-sex marriage appeals in October and allowed some of those rulings to take effect. Florida last week became the 36th state to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. If the high court rules that the bans in the current case violate the U.S. Constitution, gay-marriage floodgates in the remaining 14 states would open. The justices made their decision during a closed-door conference, opting to dispose of the issue in April, the last month for oral arguments before their next term begins in October. Written arguments will have to be filed on a compressed schedule, though both sides are well versed in the issues after numerous rounds in lower courts. On Friday the Supreme Court met in closed conference to decide whether it would take up cases including several concerning same sex-marriage and marriage recognition by states . In October, the justices offered no explanation when they passed up appeals from both sides calling on the court to take up gay marriage. The appeals before the court come from gay and lesbian plaintiffs in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee. The federal appeals court that oversees them upheld same-sex marriage bans there in November, reversing rulings of federal judges in all four states. Louisiana is the only other state that has seen its gay marriage ban upheld by a federal judge. In June 2013 the Supreme Court got the ball rolling with a ruling that struck down a federal law which denied certain federal benefits to same-sex married couples. The decision, Judges around the country later seized on the language in . the decision, written by swing vote Justice Anthony Kennedy, to . strike down a series of state bans.
highlights: Justices will hear the case on a compressed schedule in April in order to get a ruling completed by the end of June . They are reviewing an appeals court ruling that upheld bans on same-sex unions in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee . Last week Florida became the 36th state to allow gays and lesbians to marry .
id: d505afaab8cc51eab1ddabb3af1e75c8eeffecdc
chatgpt: The United States Supreme Court is set to review same-sex marriage bans in four states this April. Justices will hear the case on a compressed schedule in order to reach a ruling by the end of June. The case involves Michigan, Kentucky, Ohio, and Tennessee, all of which upheld their bans on same-sex unions. The appeals court ruling, now being challenged at the highest level, has been in force in those states since November 2014. The ruling, however, does not apply to states who have already legalized same-sex marriage.  Last week, Florida became the 36th US state to allow gays and lesbians to marry legally, after the state dropped its previous defense of the ban in federal court. The Supreme Court's decision will be closely watched by both proponents and detractors of same-sex marriage. For some, it is a matter of legal recognition and equal rights. For others, it is an affront to traditional marriage. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, speaking at Georgetown University Law Center on Tuesday, gave some insight into how the Court may rule. “I think it’s doubtful that the court is going to stay where it is,” she said. “But you never know. I mean, the issue can come up again and again, and we’ll see.” Many supporters of same-sex marriage take encouragement from the increasing number of states legalizing it. A recent poll by Pew Research found that 57% of Americans now support gay marriage, with only 39% opposed. The fight for legal recognition of same-sex marriage has been a long and hard-fought one. States have struggled for years with whether or not to legalize it, and many still resist. But with each new state that legalizes it, proponents hope to build momentum toward a nationwide ruling that will finally put the issue to rest.  Some opponents of same-sex marriage have expressed concerns that it will lead to the destruction of traditional marriage. They argue that the institution of marriage is inextricably tied to procreation and family life, and that allowing same-sex unions will weaken those ties. But supporters of same-sex marriage say those concerns are unfounded. They argue that marriage is a fundamental human right that should be extended to all people, regardless of sexual orientation. The Supreme Court's decision, when it comes, is likely to be a pivotal moment in the history of LGBT rights in America. Whether or not it results in nationwide legalization of same-sex marriage, it will set the tone for the discussion for years to come.