article: (EW.com) -- Okay, that may actually just be a line from Kermit the Frog in "The Muppet Christmas Carol," but in the case of "America's Got Talent," NBC's annual summer competition that manages to be the spiritual heir to "The Gong Show," a poignant homage to vaudeville, and a grotesque Felliniesque carnival — sometimes all at the same time — it's especially true. Season 7, which wrapped tonight, saw both the departure of longtime judge Sharon Osbourne and the crowning of a new talent shortly to be unleashed upon the unsuspecting tourists of Las Vegas. This year, the finalists included two performance painters -- one whose medium was sand, thus becoming the first sand painter to reach an audience beyond your local Renaissance fair -- an "earth harpist," a dog trick act, a kiddie dance troupe, and a comedian who found Howard Stern's hair to be the greatest source of fodder for his act. But there could be only one winner. And that was... [SPOILER ALERT for those who haven't watched tonight's finale yet] . 'Big Brother': Evicted houseguest is... The Olate Dogs! Yes, America deemed the act of two dog trainers and their cuddly, trick-performing canines--their act consists of the pooches bounding through hoops, jumping rope on their hind legs, and riding in toy SUVs--as the worthiest finalists. I suppose the result shouldn't be a shock since we live in the age of cute-pet YouTube videos, but it's hard to imagine anyone paying top dollar to see them perform in Vegas, the career-launching prize of all "America's Got Talent" winners. Runner-up Tom Cotter, a comedian who relies on one-liner jokes about the ethics of the Prince kissing an unconscious Sleeping Beauty, seemed like a better choice for the Strip. He delivered a tag-team bit with Joan Rivers mocking Howard Stern (the shockjock has "gay pirate hair"!) that cried out for extensive rim-shot accompaniment. Genie Francis exits 'Young and Restless' Blue Man Group, which I assume to be former "America's Got Talent" winners themselves, added their DayGlo whimsy to the proceedings, as did Justin Bieber and reality-competition show staples Flo Rida and One Republic, showing that "America's Got Talent" is making an aggressive play to usurp "Dancing With the Stars" as the series with the most filler on TV. If you watched, are you happy with the outcome? Would you pay top dollar to watch top dogs jump rope for 90 minutes? Or do you hope that this act, like virtually every "America's Got Talent" winner before it, stays in Vegas...and is never heard from again? Also, is there any point in watching the Blue Man Group if one Tobias Fünke isn't involved? See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Season 7 saw the departure of Sharon Osbourne and the crowning of a new talent . This year the finalists included performance painters, a dog trick act and a kiddie dance troupe . It seems "America's Got Talent" is making a play to usurp "DWTS" as the series with the most filler .
id: 5db35cdab7f26a22f3ec723db39e73b9071eae49
chatgpt: "America's Got Talent" Season 7 marked the end of an era as Sharon Osbourne left the judging panel for good. However, the show did not disappoint fans as it crowned a new and deserving winner that captivated the hearts of millions across the US. This season's finalists were as unique and diverse as ever, with acts such as performance painters, a dog trick act, and a kiddie dance troupe. Although they all brought something fresh and entertaining to the table, it seemed as though the show was trying to compete with the likes of "Dancing with the Stars" in terms of filler acts. The contestants who made it to the finals were incredibly talented and brought a lot of excitement to the show. However, the performances that were intended to fill time between the acts seemed to be lacking in creativity and were not up to the usual standard expected of "America's Got Talent." This could be due to the fact that the show has been running for so many years and is running out of unique ideas to fill the time between the main attractions. The performance painters were a particular highlight of the season, as they showcased their skills in painting portraits live on stage, timed to the beat of the music. The dog trick act was also a crowd-pleaser, with the pooches demonstrating impressive tricks that wowed the audience and the judges alike. The kiddie dance troupe, on the other hand, showed some amazing talent considering the ages of the performers. The youngsters displayed some incredibly complex dance routines that had the entire audience cheering and urging them on. While "America's Got Talent" is known for bringing fresh and new talents to the surface, this season's attempt at filler acts seemed to be a bit lacking in quality. However, the outstanding performances from the contestants who made it to the finals still made the show a hit with its viewers. Although the show may not have reached the same level of entertainment value as "Dancing with the Stars," "America's Got Talent" still managed to showcase some amazing talents from all around the country. With each passing season, the show continues to search for new and unique talents that keep viewers on the edge of their seats. In conclusion, the departure of Sharon Osbourne may have marked the end of an era for "America's Got Talent," but it did not take away from the show's ability to captivate and entertain audiences across the country. Despite the lackluster filler acts this season, the overall talent showcased by the finalists was impressive, leaving fans eagerly anticipating the next season of "America's Got Talent."