article: (CNN) -- Expectations are high for Sebastian Vettel this year. And, as Formula One's youngest double world champion, you might expect some of that success to go to his head. But one of the men who knows him best, and whose job it is to channel the skills that have put Red Bull at the top of elite motorsport, is adamant that he is working with a "grounded superstar." Team principal Christian Horner is in no doubt that the 24-year-old German driver, who returned to the wheel in the third day of testing in Spain will continue to be a perfect role model. "He is a great champion and a great ambassador for the sport," Horner told F1's official website. "He connects to his age group in a fantastic way as he has all the 'features' of a modern-day hero. Can Senna restore the romance to Formula One? "He is fiercely competitive in the cockpit and very down to earth and approachable outside the car. People see his personality. "He is a grounded superstar, if such a thing exists. That's why his popularity has mushroomed so much over the last few years." The Red Bull Racing name is now established as F1's dominant force despite this year being just the Austrian-owned team's eighth in the sport. Horner is pleased with the rapid progress the Britain-based marque has made, and challenged the team to carry their championship-winning form into 2012. "2011 was an incredible year for the team and it is amazing what we have achieved," he said. "Defending both world titles obviously raises the bar again for 2012, and of course our goal and objective is to defend both trophies again. They look perfect on the shelf in our factory. "Red Bull Racing hasn't been in F1 long, which means that we are competing with teams with some phenomenal history and a lot of knowledge to fall back on. So we are taking nothing for granted." Horner anticipates a full-blooded battle for the drivers' and constructors' titles this season, which starts with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18. British team McLaren boast world champions in Lewis Hamilton (2008) and Jenson Button, who triumphed the following year with Brawn GP and was runner-up last season. Legendary Italian marque Ferrari, who have won a record 16 constructors' titles, will be led by Spanish two-time world champion Fernando Alonso. "We know that McLaren is always a strong team," Horner said. "They have two great drivers so they definitely will be pushing very hard. "Fernando Alonso and Ferrari will also be strong opponents. So yes, they will be the usual suspects."
highlights: Red Bull team principal Christian Horner calls Sebastian Vettel a "grounded superstar" German driver is the youngest to win back-to-back world championships . The 24-year-old made his return to the track on Thursday at the Jerez test event . Horner is predicting a close battle for the drivers' and constructors' crowns in 2012 .
id: 93b627e05f8b8fc84c70f3dbad1d2b29d3d145a2
chatgpt: Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has referred to Sebastian Vettel as a "grounded superstar" as the German driver makes his return to the track for the Jerez test event. Vettel, who is only 24, is the youngest driver ever to win back-to-back world championships, having triumphed in both 2010 and 2011. Speaking of Vettel's abilities, Horner stated that the driver's immense talent was matched by his humility and work ethic. The team principal praised Vettel's ability to balance his incredible skill with a down-to-earth approach to his work, saying that the young driver "treats everyone with respect". Vettel was back on the track on Thursday for the first day of the Jerez test, where he joined a host of other drivers in testing out their cars ahead of the new season. The 2012 season is expected to be a closely-fought battle between the top teams, with Red Bull, McLaren and Ferrari all vying for the top spots. Horner is confident that the Red Bull team can successfully defend their titles from last year and hold off the competition. Speaking ahead of the test event, he stated that the team was in good shape and ready for the season ahead, with both drivers – Vettel and Mark Webber – fit and ready to compete. The drivers' championship in particular is set to be an exciting battle, with Vettel facing tough competition from the likes of McLaren's Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button, as well as Ferrari's Fernando Alonso. Vettel's impressive track record and reputation as one of the greatest drivers of his generation will certainly put him among the frontrunners, but the close competition means that anything could happen come race day. The constructors' championship is also shaping up to be a close battle, with Red Bull's main rivals including McLaren, Ferrari, and the Mercedes team, who have made significant improvements recently. All of these teams will be looking to beat Red Bull, and Horner knows that his team will need to be at their absolute best to hold them off. Despite the fierce competition, Horner believes that the Red Bull team is in a strong position, with the right balance of experience and talent to achieve success. He has praised Vettel's dedication and focus, saying that the young driver is always looking to improve and push himself to new heights. As the Jerez test event continues and the new season approaches, the pressure is mounting for all of the top teams and drivers. With so much at stake and the competition so fierce, the 2012 season promises to be an exciting and unpredictable one, with anything possible on the track. For Vettel and the Red Bull team, the challenge ahead will be tough – but they are ready to face it head-on, with all the determination and skill that earned them their reputation as champions.