article: England manager Roy Hodgson will be at Selhurst Park to run a personal check on Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane against Crystal Palace. Hodgson is pondering whether to give the 21-year-old his first call-up with England's next game a Euro 2016 qualifier on March 27 against Lithuania. It is the England manager's first game of 2015 and could also give him a chance to monitor Kyle Walker, Danny Rose, Eric Dier and Andros Townsend. Harry Kane has been in sensational form for Tottenham - most recently netting a double against Chelsea . Nacer Chadli (right) celebrates with Kane (centre) after scoring their fifth goal against Chelsea . Kane is after being named in the England squad following Hodgson's recent praise of the starlet. The Three Lions boss described Kane as having 'come on leaps and bounds' after his two goals against Chelsea during Tottenham's 5-3 win at White Hart Lane. Hodgson's selection, however, could have repercussions for Gareth Southgate, the England Under-21 manager, ahead of the European U21 Championship in June. 'Harry is one of those players – Andros Townsend being another one – who didn't exactly burst on to the scene in his club side and get straight in,' Hodgson told SiriusXM FC. 'They got loaned out first and sent out to different places to learn their trade, if you like, or at least pick up some important aspects of their trade. After a stunning first half of the season Kane is now in line to make the step up to the England senior side . England manager Roy Hodgson described Tottenham's Kane as having 'come on leaps and bounds' 'We have watched [Kane] for a while and I worked with him briefly in the Under-21s when I filled in for one game. Harry has come on in leaps and bounds and I'm not surprised because I know [former coaches] Tim Sherwood and Les Ferdinand very well. 'They have worked with him at Tottenham and they always believed in him as a goalscorer. It's tremendous to see people like him doing so well and quite strange that in the Under-21s a year or two ago we were bemoaning the fact we didn't think our forwards were up to the level of the midfielders. 'And yet suddenly Kane, Saido Berahino and Danny Ings are all doing exceptionally well. It will be a headache for Gareth who he picks to play in the summer.' Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris celebrates with Kane after the win over Chelsea .
highlights: Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane is after his first call-up for England . England manager Roy Hodgson will be at Selhurst Park to run a personal check on Kane . It is Hodgson's first game of 2015 as he considers picking Kane .
id: 2ede84fb2b5130bd147686587f216324b0548b53
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur's young striker Harry Kane is looking to secure his first call-up for England as the team faces Lithuania in just a few weeks. England manager Roy Hodgson will be making a personal visit to Selhurst Park to watch Kane's performance when Tottenham faces Crystal Palace on Saturday. This match will be Hodgson's first game of 2015 and will provide him with an opportunity to evaluate Kane's strengths and weaknesses before making a decision on whether or not to select him for the national team. Kane has been a breakout star for Tottenham this season, scoring 19 goals in 33 games in all competitions. He has become a fan favorite and has received widespread praise from his teammates and manager alike. With his impressive form and keen eye for goal, Kane has become one of the most exciting young prospects in English football. However, despite his success at club level, Kane has yet to feature in an England squad. As the national team prepares for a crucial European Championship qualifier against Lithuania on March 27th, Hodgson is keen to see if Kane has the skills and temperament to make a difference at the highest level. The England manager has been monitoring Kane's progress closely in recent weeks, and his visit to Selhurst Park is an indication that he is seriously considering the striker for a call-up. Hodgson has been impressed by Kane's work rate, technical ability and knack for scoring important goals, and feels that he could provide a much-needed spark to the England attack. Kane knows that this could be his big chance to break into the England setup and is determined to impress Hodgson with his performance against Crystal Palace. Speaking to reporters ahead of the game, he said: "It's up to me to keep doing what I'm doing and hopefully catch the manager's eye. I just have to keep working hard and playing well for Tottenham and see what happens." If Kane does get called up to the England squad, he will be hoping to follow in the footsteps of former Tottenham teammates such as Jermain Defoe and Michael Dawson, who have represented their country with distinction in the past. With a tricky run of fixtures ahead for Tottenham, including crucial matches against Arsenal and Liverpool, Kane will need to maintain his excellent form if he wants to be in contention for a place in the England squad. Overall, Harry Kane's emergence as one of the most exciting young talents in English football has been a major talking point this season. The 21-year-old striker will be looking to make a strong impression on Roy Hodgson when Tottenham faces Crystal Palace on Saturday as he seeks his first call-up to the England squad. With his impressive form and hunger for success, Kane could prove to be a key player for both his club and country in the years to come.