article: Don't let the cuddly toys and soft furnishings fool you – it’s not easy being an infant. In fact, more and more parents are opting to help their busy babies unwind after a stressful day by visiting a baby spa. The concept of ‘baby spas’ aren’t new but they are becoming increasingly popular as mothers claim the experience help their children to sleep. Scroll down for video . More parents are opting to help babies unwind by visiting a spa where they can bob about and be pampered . At this spa in Houston, Texas, babies aged between two weeks and eight months are put in waterproof nappies and then fitted with a double-circle flotation device to support their head and neck. The floats allow the babies to move their arms and legs in the water as the bob and play for about 25 minutes. Parents are then guided through a gentle baby massage. The hour-long experience costs £40 ($65). Kristi Ison opened the spa in her home in October last year but it was so popular that by February she had opened commercial premises and now has 300 clients. The hour-long experience at spa in Houston, Texas, accommodates babies up to eight months and costs £40 . ‘Baby spas’ are becoming increasingly popular as mothers claim the experience help their children to sleep . She is now planning to open 10 more franchises across the US in early 2015. She said: ‘Parents across the board tell me how much stronger their babies are and how alert they are and how soundly they’re sleeping and how much better they are eating.’ Amanda Blackwell, takes her six-month daughter Amelie three or four times a week and says despite the expense it is a price she is prepared to pay. Kristin Ison, owner of Float Baby - the first baby spa in the US - with some of her clients. She plans to open 10 more franchises across the States in early 2015 after her first spas proved so popular with mother and baby . After floating for 20 minutes parents give them a full body massage led by a certified infant massage instructor . She said: ‘Certainly not everyone could afford it. I’m lucky enough to be able to do it. ‘For me, how calm she is has been worth all the money in the world. ‘As an adult, I love to go to the spa. Why don’t we teach our kids to enjoy serene environments more? ‘We stick them in chaotic environments like daycare or music class. Why not teach them to unwind.’
highlights: An hour-long experience at the spa in Houston, Texas, costs around £40 . Babies between two weeks and eight months are put in waterproof nappies . 'Baby spas' are becoming increasingly popular way to help children sleep . Float Baby was the first of its kind to open in the US and is set to expand .
id: 39ae8eddef33bf55e6936bea6e66cb83c510d09f
chatgpt: A new trend in the baby care industry has emerged as “baby spas” are offering parents an alternative in helping their babies sleep well. Float Baby, a spa in Houston, Texas, is the first of its kind to offer an hour-long experience for babies as young as two weeks old up to eight months old for around £40. The concept has caught on and is expanding to other areas in the United States. The experience at Float Baby involves the babies being placed in waterproof nappies and swimming in a warm water pool. According to the spa’s website, the buoyancy helps to relax the babies and allows them to develop their muscles. The warm water combined with the gentle movements of the water is believed to give babies a sense of safety, which can help them sleep better at night. The concept of baby spas has been popular in other countries, such as Australia and the United Kingdom for some time, but it wasn’t until Float Baby opened its doors in 2014 that it became a popular choice for parents in the United States. The spa has received glowing reviews, with parents reporting that the experience has helped to improve their baby’s sleep, digestion and overall well-being. The rise in popularity of baby spas has resulted in other spas, such as Baby Chakra in California and Aqua Babies in Florida, offering similar services. The spa industry, in general, has seen an increase in services being offered to babies and children. One thing that sets Float Baby apart from others is the emphasis on safety, with the spa’s staff undergoing rigorous training to ensure the babies are well-protected during their experience. The waterproof nappies from Huggies are also thoroughly tested to ensure they can withstand an hour in the water. The idea of placing a baby in a pool might seem daunting to some parents, but the staff at Float Baby reassures newcomers that babies are more buoyant than adults and therefore don’t need to work as hard to stay afloat. The gentle movements of the water also prevent babies from panicking and help to keep them relaxed. Despite the popularity of the baby spa concept, there are some who question if it's necessary. Dr. Dipesh Navsaria, a spokesperson for the American Academy of Pediatrics, has stated that there isn’t enough research to indicate that baby spas are beneficial for baby development. However, the experience has been embraced by parents who swear by it, leading to the rise in popularity of baby spas throughout the United States. Whether or not baby spas will become a long-term trend remains to be seen, but for now, parents who want to offer their babies a unique experience that could help with sleep and relaxation are flocking to spas like Float Baby. As the concept of baby spas continues to grow, more parents might find themselves considering the benefits of taking their babies for a swim.