article: By . Associated Press . A Sun City man accused in the shooting death of his 73-year-old wife - . in what is being called a mercy killing - has been found dead in his . car. Howard Rudolph was found dead in his car after cutting off his ankle bracelet and going on the run from police . Howard Allen Rudolph, 79, went missing after cutting off his electronic monitoring ankle-bracelet Sunday and didn't appear for a court hearing Monday, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office. It has now been confirmed that . Rudolph's body was found in his parked car in the northwest Valley on . Tuesday, near 99th Ave and Beardsley. The cause of death reportedly . appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound. 'He was staying at some friends' homes,' Maricopa Co. Sheriff . Joe Arpaio said. 'We're now investigating whether any friends were involved . in his escape by helping him cut the monitor. He is somewhat frail, 79 . years old, so we're not sure if he did this on his own.' Rudolph was arrested on August 7th and charged with second-degree murder in the death of Earlene Rudolph. Sheriff's officials cited statements made by Rudolph about his wife . being ill and what he wrote in a note found with a revolver at their home. 'I had to do it,' Rudolph told deputies after his arrest, according to court paperwork. Investigators believe Rudolph intended to kill himself after allegedly killing his wife of 13 years. They said Rudolph had written a note to his attorney containing specific . instructions on how 'the bodies' should be cremated and how the . couple's home should be handled. Sheriff's officials cited statements made by Rudolph about his wife being ill and what he wrote in a note found with a revolver at the home . Deputies went to the couple's house in the Phoenix-area retirement . community after the Sheriff's Office received a hang-up 911 call from . the home. They say Rudolph made incriminating statements after deputies found . Earlene Rudolph dead in a bathroom with what appeared to be multiple . gunshot wounds. Rudolph was released to the custody of his friends under electronic monitoring in February.
highlights: Howard Rudolph, 79, said he had no choice but to kill his ill wife . Body found in parked car . Death appears to be from self-inflicted gunshot .
id: 74b1d325bbf14625575aa96051e31282846e9d2f
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a quiet neighborhood in Tolley, North Dakota on Wednesday evening as news broke of a murder-suicide. The victim has been identified as 76-year-old Mary Rudolph, wife of the perpetrator, 79-year-old Howard Rudolph. According to initial investigations, Mary Rudolph was found dead in a parked car near their residence on Oak Street. The death appears to be from a single gunshot wound, which is believed to be self-inflicted. Authorities are investigating the incident as a possible case of murder-suicide. Howard Rudolph, who was the prime suspect in the case, was found dead in his home from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Neighbors expressed shock and disbelief upon hearing the news, and many of them remember the couple as kind and friendly individuals who were active in the community. According to sources close to the family, Howard Rudolph had been married to Mary for 54 years and was reportedly struggling to cope with her ailing health. Mary had been suffering from a terminal illness for some time leading up to her death, and Howard had allegedly confided in family and friends that he felt he had no choice but to end her suffering.  Tolley Police Chief, John Logan, expressed his condolences to the Rudolph family and urged the community to exercise empathy and compassion towards those who may be experiencing similar struggles. "Cases like these are always difficult for families and friends involved. We must exercise empathy and understanding in difficult situations and do all we can to support those who are struggling to cope," said Chief Logan. The incident has sparked renewed calls for better mental health support and care services for the elderly in the community. The Rudolphs, a long-time couple in the community, were well liked by many and their shocking and untimely passing has left many locals reeling. They will be deeply missed by their loved ones, neighbors, and the community as a whole.