article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- You don't want to monkey around on a blind date, especially if your friends are also taking an interest in the same dark, handsome stranger. Jookie, as she is known, studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah, who is heading for London Zoo. So when three female gorillas at London Zoo heard that they would soon be visited by a brooding French hunk -- well, they went a bit bananas. The latest development in Anglo-French relations sees Yeboah, a 20-stone 12-year-old, leave his current home at La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo, Pays de la Loire, northwest France and head for the British capital by the end of the year. There he will be greeted by gorilla trio Zaire, Effie and Mjukuu, who were given posters of their prospective boyfriend for the first time Thursday. One female gorilla shrieked in delight, while another wedged the poster in a tree to stare at it. A third, clearly overcome by emotion, held the photo close to her chest -- then ate it. Their reception was somewhat unsurprising. The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby, a silverback, in December.  Tracey Lee, team leader at London Zoo, put in a good word for the hirsute lothario on the London Zoo Web site, saying Yeboah is "a very charming, fun loving and intelligent gorilla." But whom will Yeboah choose to charm first? Zaire, at 34, is the oldest female gorilla and has been at London Zoo since 1984. The zoo says she's "happiest when she's taking down and rebuilding her nest in various spots around the island. She loves to play with fabric and often drags it around with her all day. " Then there's Effie, 16, who "enjoys seeing toddlers and often makes her way over to the glass when they come to see her," according to the zoo Web site.   Finally there's 10-year-old Mjukuu, or "Jookie." Dan Simmonds, a keeper at the zoo's Gorilla Kingdom, says she "has this 'butter wouldn't melt look' to her, and she gets away with murder."  "The other two females get along with her very well; she seems to have them all wrapped around her little finger." Bridget Fallon contributed to this story.
highlights: London Zoo has been without a male gorilla since December . French gorilla Yeboah is being sent from La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo, NW France . Female gorillas at London have been shown posters of their new guest .
id: 91c551b2c001233fefc68b99e915f28c39dcfff5
chatgpt: London Zoo has been eagerly awaiting the arrival of a new male gorilla since December, after the death of their beloved silverback gorilla, Kumbuka. Finally, after months of waiting, the zoo has announced that a new male gorilla, Yeboah, is being sent from La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo in northwestern France. The female gorillas at London Zoo have been introduced to Yeboah through a series of posters that display his image, in an attempt to get them familiar and comfortable with their new guest before his arrival later this month. The posters show Yeboah, a western lowland gorilla, lounging in his current abode in France. The transfer of Yeboah from France to London will be carried out by experienced zookeepers, who will ensure that the journey is as comfortable and stress-free as possible for the gorilla. The entire process will take about 24 hours, during which time he will be closely monitored. Yeboah is expected to settle in quickly at London Zoo, as he is from a similar background to the female gorillas there. He has lived with captive-bred apes and has also spent time in the wild, which should prepare him for life at London Zoo. With the arrival of Yeboah, London Zoo can resume its important conservation efforts for gorillas. Western lowland gorillas are critically endangered, with numbers declining rapidly due to habitat loss and poaching. London Zoo has an important role to play in safeguarding the species, and the arrival of Yeboah is a significant step towards fulfilling that mission. The zoo is renowned for its successful breeding program, which has seen the birth of many healthy baby gorillas over the years. With a new male gorilla in the mix, the zoo hopes to continue its success and contribute to the survival of the endangered species. London Zoo is looking forward to welcoming Yeboah, and visitors to the zoo in the coming weeks will have the opportunity to see him settling into his new surroundings. The arrival of a new male gorilla is always an exciting event, and the zoo is confident that Yeboah will be a wonderful addition to the gorilla family at London Zoo.