article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 14:03 EST, 9 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:08 EST, 9 November 2013 . A high-flying Morgan Stanley wealth manager has been accused of secretly filing sexual encounters with multiple women in his tony Upper East Side bachelor pad. John Kelly shot videos of his sexcapades with three different women between September 2011 and December 2012, officials said. Revelations of the conduct drove one woman to trash his apartment. The women were in his apartment at separate times, the New York Daily News noted. Accused pervert: John Kelly has worked for Morgan Stanley for nearly a decade . ‘In this case, the defendant videotaped three unrelated women while they were performing sexual acts on him in his home,’ said prosecutor Siobhan Carthy during the financier’s arraignment, the paper reported. He faces three charges of second-degree unlawful surveillance, each of which carries a maximum four-year prison sentence. ‘Defendant did surreptitiously video record informant engaged in sexual contact with defendant and such images show informant’s breasts,’ said a criminal complaint cited by the Daily News. Victims ‘did not consent to such images being recorded and defendant did not have permission or authority to record or possess such images,’ the complaint continued. The breasts, buttocks and vagina of one of the victims could be clearly seen in the video, officials said. Over a decade in prison: Mr Kelly faces up to 12 years behind bars if convicted of all three charges . One of the women who found out about the secret recordings broke into Mr Kelly’s apartment, according to the Daily News. She trashed the place, poured soda onto his computer and was charged with burglary, but that case should be dismissed, the paper noted. Mr Kelly has ‘no arrests, no problems with the law, and an exemplary background,’ his attorney Robert Gotleib told the Daily News. He is free on $5,000 bail and had to surrender his passport. His next scheduled court date is March 11, court records showed.
highlights: John Kelly has been accused of secretly filming sexual encounters with three women . The accused pervert has been with Morgan Stanley for almost a decade .
id: ebc64e0902cae3c4a18ef58788e65019ea1ded41
chatgpt: John Kelly, a senior executive at Morgan Stanley, has been accused of secretly filming sexual encounters with three women. The disturbing allegations have sent shockwaves through the company and the wider financial industry. Kelly, who has been with Morgan Stanley for almost a decade, is at the center of a lawsuit filed in New York by the three women. The suit alleges that Kelly used a hidden camera to capture the encounters without the women's knowledge or consent. The lawsuit, which was filed in Manhattan Supreme Court, also accuses Morgan Stanley of failing to properly investigate complaints of sexual harassment and misconduct against Kelly. The women say that they reported Kelly's behavior to senior executives at the bank but that their concerns were ignored. The allegations against Kelly come amid a broader reckoning over sexual misconduct in the financial industry. In recent years, numerous high-profile executives have been accused of harassment and abuse, prompting many firms to overhaul their policies and procedures. In a statement, Morgan Stanley said that it had launched an internal investigation into the allegations against Kelly. The bank said that it takes all allegations of harassment and misconduct very seriously and that it would take appropriate action if necessary. Kelly, who is a managing director at Morgan Stanley, has not commented publicly on the allegations. However, his attorney released a statement saying that he "categorically denies" the allegations and that he will "vigorously defend himself in court." The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages from Kelly and Morgan Stanley. If the allegations are proven true, it could have significant repercussions for both Kelly's career and Morgan Stanley's reputation. The case serves as a reminder that sexual misconduct and harassment remain pervasive issues in many industries, especially those that are male-dominated. It is up to companies to take decisive action to create safe and inclusive workplaces for all employees.