article: The ugly American fallout from the Ryder Cup has been reignited after Rickie Fowler - the US wonderkid - hit back at Phil Mickelson - the team's de facto leader - for his public criticism of Tom Watson's captaincy at Gleneagles. Mickelson and Fowler had forged a close bond on tour, with the former Masters, Open and US PGA champion taking the younger Californian under his wing and the pair playing regular money games against each other. But that hasn't stopped Fowler, 25, taking aim at Mickelson over the embarrassing character assassination the 44-year-old dealt Watson in September. Fowler, speaking in China at the WGC-HSBC Champions event won by Bubba Watson on Sunday, not only insisted that any grievances against Watson should not have been made in public, but also gave clear backing to Watson's captaincy, saying he did a 'great job' and calling the eight-time major winner a 'legend'. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Phil Mickelson slams US Ryder Cup captain Watson's strategy . Rickie Fowler (right) with US Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson (centre) at Gleneagles in September . Phil Mickelson was openly critical of Watson in a now infamous press conference after the event . Fowler was in action last week at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in China, won by Bubba Watson . 'The unfortunate part, I believe, is that stuff that happens in the team room should stay there,' said Fowler. 'I thought Tom did a great job of talking to the guys. He had been there plenty of times, and I enjoyed the time I got to spend with him. I respect him, he is a legend within the game. 'Some things may have got blown a little bit out of proportion. But obviously we didn’t play as well as we needed to in order to win.' Intriguingly, both Fowler and Mickelson are on the 11-man 'task force', which also includes Tiger Woods, appointed to end American misery in golf's biennial showpiece ahead of the next match at Hazeltine in 2016. The US have lost eight of the last 10 Ryder Cups against Europe, never got close to Paul McGinley's side in Scotland, then aired their dirty laundry in public thanks to Mickelson's comments in that now infamous press conference. Paul McGinley (top) leads European celebrations after their victory at Gleneagles . Mickelson and Fowler are regular golfing partners and play practice rounds together . Fowler, who finished in the top five at every major championship this year, hinted that the 'task force' would have some lively discussions over the direction US golf needs to take to avoid future embarrassment. And he admitted one thing Mickelson would surely echo: 'It sucks losing'. 'I am looking forward to getting together with the guys to see what everyone has to say,' saifd Fowler. 'Clearly, we want to win the Cup, and it is not as if there has been a lack of motivation or anything like that. It sucks losing. Everyone is aware of that and everyone wants to win.'
highlights: Rickie Fowler said Phil Mickelson was wrong to criticise Tom Watson . Fowler insisted Watson was a 'great' captain and a 'legend' He also said any comments should have been made in dressing room . Mickelson was scathing of Watson's captaincy after defeat at Gleneagles .
id: f1a6e7f4db1e006e50c917534d1f33eb763eae17
chatgpt: American golfer Rickie Fowler has spoken out against fellow player Phil Mickelson’s recent criticism of former U.S. Ryder Cup captain, Tom Watson. Speaking to journalists at a press conference, Fowler said Mickelson’s comments were wrong, and that Watson was a “great” captain and a “legend” of the game. Phil Mickelson was one of several players who publicly criticised Watson’s leadership during the USA’s recent defeat to Europe in the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles. In a controversial press conference held after the match, Mickelson criticised Watson’s decision-making and communication skills, stating that the team had not been given the best chance to succeed under his leadership. However, Fowler disagreed with Mickelson’s assessment of Watson’s abilities. “Tom Watson is a legend of the game and a great captain,” he said. “He’s a very strong personality and he knows what he’s doing. I think he did a great job and he deserves a lot of credit.” Fowler also suggested that any negative comments about Watson’s captaincy should have been made in private, rather than in the public eye. “I think if there were any disagreements or any issues, they should have been handled behind closed doors,” he said. “We all need to support each other and stick together as a team.” Mickelson’s criticism of Watson’s leadership was not the only controversy surrounding the event. The U.S. team’s decision to wear matching outfits on the final day of the competition also came under fire from some quarters. Critics suggested that the matching outfits were tacky and did not reflect well on the team. Fowler, however, defended the decision to wear matching outfits, stating that it had created a sense of unity among the players. “I think it was a good idea,” he said. “It wasn’t something that we were used to, but it made us feel like we were part of a team. We were all in this together and we were all working towards the same goal.” Despite the controversy surrounding the event, Fowler remains optimistic about the future of the U.S. Ryder Cup team. “I think we have a lot of young talent coming through,” he said. “We’ve got some great players who are really hungry to win. I think we’re going to be a force to be reckoned with in the coming years.” Fowler’s comments have drawn support from a number of other players, including Bubba Watson and Zach Johnson. Both players have publicly praised Tom Watson’s captaincy, and criticised Mickelson’s decision to speak out against him. The controversy surrounding the U.S. Ryder Cup team’s defeat at Gleneagles is unlikely to die down any time soon. However, Rickie Fowler’s comments have reminded fans and players alike to focus on the positives of the event, and to support each other as a team. With a new generation of talented players coming through, the future of the U.S. Ryder Cup team looks bright.