article: (CNN) -- Some Gulf Coast residents and former clean-up workers are suffering from an array of mysterious illnesses, according to a Louisiana physician who has treated dozens of patients complaining of similar symptoms. "I'm dealing with a wide array of people and the symptoms are almost identical in all of them," Dr. Mike Robichaux, an ear, nose and throat doctor based in Raceland, Louisiana, told CNN's Natalie Allen. "What's been really unique about it is that patients have come in with a severe amount of memory loss. Very high blood pressure -- blood pressures that are going sky high and then coming down to normal, and then blood sugar levels that are fluctuating. Lastly would be some pulmonary problems and some fairly serious (gastrointestinal) problems." The doctor said he's treated about 60 patients suffering from some combination of these symptoms but believes many more are suffering. Robichaux said "there's no question" that these health difficulties are caused by contact with oil and dispersant. "The only question is what (is) in this soup of materials is causing the problems," he said. "Some (people) have been exposed to all of these chemicals, some only a few, some for long periods of time, some for not very long." He discussed the case of a 27-year-old man who suffers abdominal pain so severe he must take morphine to relieve it. The man also has debilitating headaches and severe memory loss, but for months had no idea what was causing his symptoms. Robichaux said this experience was "typical" of a subset of patients he sees. He said the health problems he sees get very little national attention. "There hasn't been a single article on health issues," he said. "They'll talk about the pelicans and shorebirds, the crawfish, the crabs, the shrimp and so forth ... and there's nothing on human impact." The April 20, 2010 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon led to the worst oil spill in U.S. history, with more than 200 million gallons of oil released into the Gulf. Hundreds of thousands of gallons of chemical dispersant went into the water as well. At its peak of the crisis, in June 2010, 37% of Gulf waters, or 88,522 square miles, were closed to fishing.
highlights: Dozens of patients are suffering similarly, Dr. Robichaux says . "There's no question" ailments are connected to oil exposure, says doctor . Memory loss, pulmonary, gastrointestinal problems are among the symptoms suffered .
id: 1af7fc8582ad9866835201b2ef5920c8d517a4af
chatgpt: Dozens of patients living in Louisiana's Gulf Coast region are suffering from a range of ailments that are linked to oil exposure, according to Dr. Michael Robichaux, an ear, nose, and throat specialist in Raceland, LA. The symptoms vary widely but include memory loss, pulmonary issues, gastrointestinal problems, and skin irritation. "There's no question in my mind that these ailments are connected to oil exposure," said Robichaux, who has been treating patients in the region since the 2010 BP oil spill. "The oil industry has been poisoning our people for decades, and it's time for them to take responsibility." Robichaux's patients include fishermen, shrimpers, and others who work in the fishing industry, as well as residents who live near the coast. Many of them have been exposed to oil from spills and leaks in the region over the years. Robichaux says that the symptoms his patients are experiencing are consistent with exposure to toxic chemicals and other pollutants found in crude oil. "People are suffering, and many of them don't even know why," said Robichaux. "They've been living with these symptoms for years, and it's affecting their quality of life." The Louisiana Department of Health has acknowledged that there are "potential health effects" associated with oil exposure, but says that more research is needed to fully understand the scope of the problem. The agency has also said that it is difficult to determine whether the symptoms reported by Robichaux's patients are specifically linked to oil exposure. However, Robichaux says he has seen enough evidence to know that there is a direct connection. He says that many of his patients have been to other doctors who have been unable to provide a diagnosis or proper treatment. "We need to start taking this seriously," said Robichaux. "The oil and gas industry has been operating with impunity for far too long. It's time for them to take responsibility for the damage they've done to our environment and our health." The oil and gas industry has been a major economic contributor to Louisiana for decades, but its operations have also had a significant impact on the environment and human health. The state has experienced a number of oil spills and leaks over the years, including the disastrous BP oil spill in 2010, which dumped millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. Robichaux says that the oil industry needs to be held accountable for the damage it has caused and that more needs to be done to protect the people who live and work in the region. "We have to stand up to these companies," said Robichaux. "They need to know that we're not going to take this lying down. We deserve better."