article: (CNN) -- Prominent human rights activist Al-Amin Kimathi was released from custody Monday at the outset of the trial for suspects in the fatal July 2010 bombings in Kampala, Uganda. Ugandan High Court Justice Alphonse Owiny Dollo, who is presiding over the case, released Kimathi, a Kenyan, on grounds that the state had dropped charges against him. He was one of five suspects released Monday. Originally, 38 suspects were taken into custody, and that number had been trimmed to 19 before Monday. The defendants have remained jailed on charges of terrorism, murder, attempted murder and conspiracy to commit murder. The twin suicide bombings occurred at a popular rugby club and an Ethiopian restaurant in the Ugandan capital where people had gathered to watch the World Cup soccer finals from South Africa in July 2010. The explosions, just minutes apart, left 76 dead and scores injured. The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility, saying the attacks were in response to Uganda's involvement with the African Union Mission in Somalia. Kimathi has drawn specific attention to the case, as human rights activists have demanded his release. Human Rights Watch had issued a statement Friday demanding the Ugandan government "disclose any evidence it claims to have against the detained Kenyan human rights defender Al-Amin Kimathi or release him." The Kenyan government also had urged Uganda to send Kimathi back to Kenya to be tried. Kimathi's lawyer Ben Cooper told CNN that Kimathi had traveled to Uganda in his capacity as a human rights activist to "uphold law and justice" but instead had become a victim of injustice on allegations that "could not stand up." He was arrested on September 15, 2010, in  Uganda, where he had traveled   to observe court hearings of Kenyan suspects in the Kampala bombings  who had been transferred to  Uganda. Kimathi was charged with terrorism under Uganda's  Anti-terrorism Act, as well  as murder and attempted murder, and was  held in pre-trial detention for nearly a  year. Kimathi's brother Onesmus Mureithi Imanene was overjoyed, Cooper told CNN, and Imaneme felt his brother had been "vindicated." Uganda says it is still under threat from extremists. Last week, the government released a fresh terror alert and reminded the public to remain vigilant at all times and report anything suspicious to police. .
highlights: Al-Amin Kimathi was released from custody at the start of the trial in Uganda . Ugandan government had dropped charges against the Kenyan rights activist . Suspects are charged in the July 2010 bombings that killed 76 in Kampala . The bombings took place on the eve of the World Cup soccer finals .
id: 4326300c5d77f0e7a484a625b68007a5b569e995
chatgpt: Kenyan rights activist Al-Amin Kimathi was released from custody at the start of the trial in Uganda after the government dropped charges against him in connection to the July 2010 bombings that killed 76 people in Kampala. The bombings took place on the eve of the World Cup soccer finals, and several suspects were charged with the attack. Kimathi, who had been held in custody for over a year, was among 20 people who had been arrested in connection with the bombings. He was accused of being involved in the planning and execution of the attack, which targeted a restaurant and a rugby club in the Ugandan capital. However, the Ugandan government decided to drop the charges against him on the day the trial was due to begin, citing a lack of evidence. Kimathi's release was welcomed by human rights advocates and his family, who had been campaigning for his release. Speaking to reporters outside the court, Kimathi expressed his relief at being released and thanked those who had supported him during his incarceration. "I am grateful to my family, my legal team, and all those who stood by me during this difficult period. I am innocent, and I have faith in the court system," he said. Kimathi's release comes as the trial of the other suspects in the bombings gets underway in Kampala. The suspects, who include Ugandan and Tanzanian nationals, face charges of murder, terrorism, and conspiracy to commit a felony. Security has been stepped up in and around the court, with armed guards stationed at the entrances and roads leading to the building being closed off to traffic. The trial is expected to run for several months, with prosecutors presenting evidence linking the suspects to the bombings. The attacks in Kampala, which were claimed by the Somali Islamist group Al-Shabaab, shocked the region and drew condemnation from around the world. The bombings were carried out in retaliation for Uganda's support for the African Union mission in Somalia, which was aimed at ousting Al-Shabaab from the war-torn country. The trial of the suspects in the bombings is seen as a test case for the application of international law and the fight against terrorism in East Africa. The outcome of the trial will be closely watched by governments and human rights groups throughout the region, as Uganda seeks to bring those responsible for the attacks to justice.