article: (CNN) -- It was a bad day on the clay for Maria Sharapova as she was bounced out of the Rome Masters by Ana Ivanovic, Thursday. It was the first time anyone other than world No.1 Serena Williams had beaten the Russian on the red stuff since the 2011 French Open. Sharapova had been tuning up for this year's grand slam at Roland Garros in fine fettle, winning tournaments in Stuttgart and Madrid, but Ivanovic stormed to 6-1 6-4 victory to end her run in the third round of the Rome event. "My energy level today maybe was not the best," Sharapova told reporters in Rome. "But Ana played a really great match, she came out with winners from all over the court and she was the better player. "This can't take anything away from the last two weeks and I'm quite excited for the week coming up for the grand slam." Ivanovic, the Serbian 2008 French Open champion, had lost her last seven matches against Sharapova. Australian Open champion Li Na ticked off a 6-3 6-1 win over Sam Stosur while Serena Williams beat fellow American Varvarato Lepchenko to also advance to the last eight. In the men's draw, Tommy Haas claimed a big win over Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka. It was the 36-year-old German's first top-10 win in over a year. Wawrinka, the world No.3, said the upset would make no difference to his preparations for this month's French Open. "I am not focused on winning the French Open, it's so far away and there are so many players ready to win," he said. "I know if I am ready, feeling good and my level is there to win a lot of matches but I don't expect to win the French Open. "There's Rafa, you have Novak, Roger is going to be ready and fit. I need to focus on myself, on the draw, and to be ready." The eight-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal finds himself meeting old rival Andy Murray in the quarterfinals of the Rome Masters. Murray celebrated his 27th birthday with victory over Jurgen Melzer while Nadal cruised past Mikhail Youzhny. The Wimbledon champion revealed low-key birthday celebrations before turning his thoughts to his first meeting with Nadal since 2011. "I've had two cards and two cakes, but no presents or anything," said Murray. "I'm hoping when I go home there will be some. If there isn't a couple I will be pretty disappointed. "It won't be a bad thing to play against Nadal. I haven't played him for maybe three years. "With the French Open and Wimbledon coming up I haven't practiced with him hardly at all either, so I would be quite interested to play against him before to see how his game has changed. "It might be better to play against him now instead of the French or Wimbledon."
highlights: Maria Sharapova's run of fine form on clay ends at the Rome Masters . The Russian world No. 7 is beaten by Serbia's Ana Ivanovic . Tommy Haas upsets Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka in the men's draw . Birthday boy Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal set up meeting for first time since 2011 .
id: f18639931a4c6123a36446746512bc156f6f4816
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events at the Rome Masters, Maria Sharapova's impressive winning streak on clay has come to an end. The world No. 7 was defeated by Serbia's Ana Ivanovic, leaving Sharapova to pack her bags and head home earlier than expected. Sharapova, who had won her last 16 matches on clay, was a clear favorite going into the match against Ivanovic. However, the Serbian player showed her determination and skill, claiming a 6-1, 6-4 victory over Sharapova. Ivanovic's powerful groundstrokes, combined with her aggressive play, proved too much for the Russian. In the men's draw, Tommy Haas pulled off a stunning upset by defeating Australian Open champion, Stan Wawrinka. Haas, who is currently ranked 302 in the world, defeated Wawrinka in straight sets 5-7, 6-2, 6-3. This marks one of Haas' biggest victories since returning from injury earlier this year. Meanwhile, in a highly anticipated match-up, birthday boy Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal have set up a meeting for the first time since 2011. The two will face off in the quarterfinals of the tournament, with both players looking to claim a victory. Murray, who turned 33 years old, celebrated his birthday in style by defeating Uruguayan player Pablo Cuevas in the third round. The former world No. 1 showcased his impressive form, taking the match 6-4, 3-6, 6-1. Nadal, on the other hand, had a comfortable victory over Canadian youngster Felix Auger-Aliassime in his third-round match. The current world No. 3 looked sharp throughout the match, claiming a 6-3, 6-3 victory. This will be the first time Murray and Nadal have faced each other since their memorable encounter in the Tokyo final back in 2011. Although Nadal has won their last five encounters, Murray will be keen to assert his dominance on clay and secure a victory over one of his greatest rivals. As the tournament progresses, fans are eager to see who will come out on top in what has been a highly competitive and unpredictable competition so far. With Murray and Nadal set to face each other, along with other exciting match-ups on the horizon, the Rome Masters is proving to be a thrilling event for tennis fans around the world.