article: Ross Pearson is ready to put the worst performance of his UFC career behind him when he takes on Sam Stout at UFC 185 in Dallas on March 14. Pearson suffered a shock defeat to Al Iaquinta in Sydney to put a dent in his hopes of working towards a lightweight title shot. But he is confident he has corrected the problems and is ready to shine against Stout. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Sunderland's very own UFC lightweight: Ross Pearson . Ross Pearson (right) lands a punch on Al Iaquinta on his way to losing in Sydney last November . ‘It was an up and down year,’ Pearson told Sportsmail. ‘I had my best performance in the UFC and then my worst, back to back. ‘As soon as I walked out of the Octagon, I knew what was wrong. ‘I wasn't mentally up for it and I was disappointed in myself. ‘I made mistakes in training camp but I will learn from them, I had to swallow a bitter pill. ‘I know I am up there with the best and I’m ready to make a statement.’ Pearson fought three times last year, including a win over Gray Maynard, but he admitted he had to make changes to his regime. Pearson admitted his defeat in Australia was the worst performance of his UFC career . He added: ‘I've been to see a sports psychologist. I always thought I’d just get up for a fight but as you get up the ladder there’s a lot to think about. ‘I got married and there were a lot of things going on outside the Octagon. I was a little bit worn out but I don’t want to make excuses.’ Pearson, who will fly out to his San Diego training at the end of the month, has long had his sights on Stout. ‘I've always wanted to fight Sam Stout,’ he said. ‘We've fought on the same cards and I like his style of fighting. ‘He comes forward and takes risks and he doesn't back down.’ Pearson will take on Sam Stout (left) at UFC 185 in Dallas in March in his first fight of the year .
highlights: Ross Pearson to return at UFC 185 in Dallas against Sam Stout . Sunderland lightweight lost his last contest to Al Iaquinta . Pearson admitted he wasn't mentally prepared for the fight . He has been seeing a sports psychologist to help prepare him .
id: 2114c316572fc7ccf2d86cf201dbfca0790acae6
chatgpt: Excitement is building in the UFC world as it has been announced that Ross Pearson is set to return to the octagon on March 14th at UFC 185 in Dallas. He will be facing off against fellow lightweight Sam Stout, in what promises to be a highly-anticipated clash of two experienced fighters. Pearson, who hails from Sunderland, has had a mixed run of form in recent times. His last outing saw him suffer defeat at the hands of Al Iaquinta, a loss that he attributes to a lack of mental preparation. However, Pearson has been working hard with a sports psychologist to overcome his mental hurdles and ensure he is in the right frame of mind for his next bout. The 30-year-old fighter has been highly regarded in the UFC world for many years, having earned a reputation for his explosive fighting style and his willingness to go toe-to-toe with anyone. His tenacity and determination make him a favourite with fans, and his upcoming fight against Stout is sure to be a main event for many UFC supporters. Stout, who hails from Canada, is himself a veteran of the UFC, having competed in the organization for over a decade. He has also had some ups and downs in recent years, with his last fight resulting in a defeat at the hands of Frankie Perez. Like Pearson, Stout will be looking to bounce back from his recent setback with a win in Dallas. With both fighters hungry for victory, fans can expect an explosive and hard-fought battle between Pearson and Stout. The Sunderland native will be hoping to make a statement with a convincing win, and he will have the backing of his legion of fans as he steps into the octagon. UFC 185 promises to be an unforgettable event, with a host of top-class fighters set to take the stage. Pearson's return is one of the most eagerly anticipated bouts on the card, and the March 14th event in Dallas is sure to be a sell-out affair. Fans of both fighters will be eagerly watching to see who comes out on top in this exciting clash of two experienced lightweights.