article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:39 EST, 15 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 05:48 EST, 16 January 2014 . Asian Americans--specifically young Asian American women-- are the least likely to be overweight, reveals recent data from The Centers for Disease control and Prevention. But just because Asians are the slimmest, doesn't mean that they are less likely to suffer from hypertension or other diseases, says the CDC. The data is based off of Asian American Volunteers who participated in the CDC's National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey in 2011-2012.Previously to the study there had been a 'scarcity' of health information about the minority group. Asian Americans are younger and thinner than other American racial groups . 66.7 per cent of white Americans are overweight compared to only 38.6 of Asian Americans . Asian Americans had the lowest BMI when compared to other groups . The survey found only 38.6 per cent of Asian American adults have a Body Mass Index (BMI) of over 25. A BMI of 25 or older is the signifier of being overweight, reports the L.A. Times. The amount of Caucasian and Latinos was astonishingly high at 66.7 per cent overweight for whites, and 78.8 per cent overweight for Hispanics. Some Asians are heavier than others. Asian men are more likely to be overweight than Asian women. 43 per cent of men have a BMI of over 25 as oppose to 34.7 per cent of women. Data from the CDC also shows that Americans over the age of 40 are more likely to be overweight than Americans aged 20-39. Even though Asian's are thinner than other Americans, their total high cholesterol was 'similar' to other American adults at 10.3 per cent. Asian's cholesterol was about the same when compared to other groups . Hispanics had higher levels of 'good' cholesterol (HDL) than the  Asians did at 21.8 per cent versus 14.3 per cent. Asians may be thinner than whites and Latinos, but they have around the same chance of having hypertension at 26.6 per cent. Non-Hispanic African Americans had the highest prevalence of hyper tension at 42.1 per cent. The LA Times reports that 1 in 20 American are Asian Americans and Asian qualifies as anyone from Chinese, Asian Indian, Korean, Philippine, or Vietnamese origin. There are 15.4 million Asians in the United States and that figure has increase 40 per cent since 2000. One of the reasons Asians may be skinniest is because Asians tend to be younger than most Caucasian Americans. 43.6 per cent of the Asian population is between the ages of 20 and 39. 19.3 per cent of Asians are over 60 years old compared with 31.4 per cent and 30 per Cent for whites. Even though Asians are slim they can still be prone to hypertension . Regardless of weight, the cholesterol of Asians was about the same as whites and Hispanics but lower than African Americans . Asians are younger than Caucasian Americans and may be why they are so thin .
highlights: Only 38.6 per cent of Asian Americans are overweight compared to 66.7 per cent of whites and 78.8 per cent for Hispanics . Younger people are more likely to be thinner than older people and since Asian Americans are a young minority in America, that could account for their slimness . Asians are just as likely to have high cholesterol or hyper tension as other groups .
id: 8bdcca2a54b25bb01628644fec55e3edde04a26a
chatgpt: A recent study has revealed that a significantly lower percentage of Asian Americans are overweight than their white and Hispanic counterparts. While only 38.6 per cent of Asian Americans are overweight, a staggering 66.7 per cent of whites and 78.8 per cent of Hispanics are struggling with their weight. Interestingly, the study also found that younger people are more likely to maintain a healthy weight than older individuals. This could explain why Asian Americans, who are a relatively young minority group in America, tend to be slimmer than other ethnic groups. However, despite their lower obesity rates, Asian Americans are just as likely to suffer from health conditions such as high cholesterol and hypertension as other groups. This suggests that the key to their lower obesity levels may be a combination of genetics, cultural factors, and lifestyle habits. The Asian American community in the United States is incredibly diverse, with individuals of Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Filipino, and Vietnamese descent making up the largest groups. Despite this diversity, many Asian cultures place a strong emphasis on maintaining a healthy weight and eating a balanced diet. Traditional foods such as rice, noodles, and seafood tend to be low in fat and high in nutrients, which may contribute to the lower rates of obesity among Asian Americans. However, not all aspects of Asian cuisine are necessarily healthy. Many traditional dishes can be high in sodium, sugar, and unhealthy fats, especially if they are heavily processed or prepared with added sauces and flavorings. In addition to diet, exercise is another important factor in maintaining a healthy weight. Many Asian cultures prioritize physical activity, with activities such as martial arts, dance, and group fitness classes being extremely popular. These forms of exercise not only help individuals maintain a healthy weight, but also offer a range of other benefits such as improved cardiovascular health, increased muscle strength, and reduced stress levels. While the study's findings are certainly promising, there is still much work to be done in terms of addressing obesity rates in America's other ethnic groups. Some researchers have pointed to socio-economic factors such as access to healthy food options and safe spaces to exercise as potential obstacles to maintaining a healthy weight, particularly in low-income communities. Overall, the study highlights the importance of maintaining a healthy weight and the positive impact it can have on overall health and wellness. By understanding the factors that contribute to lower obesity rates among Asian Americans, health professionals and individuals alike can work towards creating a healthier, more active society for everyone.