article: Injured Manchester United defender Luke Shaw was spotted out for dinner with his friends on Saturday, just hours after his United team-mates failed to score against newly-promoted Burnley at Turf Moor. The 19-year-old England international was spotted coming out of the swanky San Carlo restaurant at 11pm  - the same venue new signing Angel di Maria was seen at earlier in the week. Shaw's fitness was questioned by new United manager Louis van Gaal on the club's pre-season tour of the USA, and he has been working hard to recover from a hamstring injury. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Van Gaal discuss another poor result for United . Attention: Shaw held his hands in front of his face as he left the swanky San Carlo restaurant at 11pm . Van Gaal has since stuck up for the youngster though, especially after national team manager Roy Hodgson admitted he would be happy for the Dutchman to get Shaw fitter. 'Roy Hodgson cannot judge at this moment,' Van Gaal said. 'I have never seen him here at a United training session. 'In the United States I said to Luke, 'you came here and you were not fit'. I changed his programme and he did everything that he had to do to be fit. 'Now he is an example in the dressing room. He is training fantastically.' Out and about: Shaw (left) with his friend in tow, on their way to a bar in Manchester's city centre . Injured: Shaw has been out with a hamstring injury since August 13, but is recovering well . San Carlo: Angel di Maria was spotted at the same restaurant earlier in the week . United's start to the season has been less than impressive, with Van Gaal's side still yet to pick up a win after three matches. Shaw has been sidelined since picking up a training injury on 13 August, but is expected to make his competitive debut for the Red Devils after the international break. The camera-shy Shaw, pictured below, was snapped heading from San Carlo to another bar in Manchester with a friend in tow. Shaw, dressed similarly to his friend in a black jacket and high-top boots, held his hands in front of his face as he tried to avoid photographers.
highlights: Shaw's fitness was questioned by Van Gaal earlier in the season . Dutchman has since said the youngster is training 'fantastically' Left back should return from hamstring injury after the international break .
id: fcd4cd619a5c17cb055817c9ed93a1433597910d
chatgpt: Manchester United manager, Louis van Gaal, had previously voiced concerns over the fitness of young left-back, Luke Shaw. However, after a spell on the sidelines with a hamstring injury, the Dutchman has now praised the youngster's work ethic and commitment. Van Gaal's skepticism about Shaw's fitness arose earlier in the season when the 20-year-old suffered a hamstring injury during a Premier League match against Arsenal. Van Gaal's criticism of Shaw was not received well by the player and reportedly led to a breakdown in their relationship. However, after a period of rehabilitation, Shaw is now set to return from his injury after the international break. Speaking in a recent press conference, Van Gaal praised Shaw's efforts in training and his commitment to regaining match fitness. "Luk Shaw has been training fantastically," said Van Gaal. "He's been putting in extra effort, and his commitment has been excellent. It's clear that he is determined to come back stronger than ever." Shaw's return to full fitness will be a significant boost for Van Gaal and Manchester United, as they seek to climb the Premier League table. The Red Devils have struggled in the league this season and currently sit in seventh place, ten points behind leaders Manchester City. Shaw's previous performances for United have shown why he was signed from Southampton for £30 million in 2014. The left-back has scored one goal and provided four assists in his 33 appearances for the club. His pace, attacking ability, and defensive awareness make him a vital cog in United's squad. If Shaw can stay fit and continue to perform at a high level, he could help United to turn their season around. The upcoming festive period is critical for United, with important fixtures against Tottenham, Liverpool, and Chelsea coming up. Having a fully fit and committed Shaw in the team could make all the difference. Van Gaal's shift in attitude towards Shaw is a positive sign for the player and the club. Criticism of players can sometimes backfire and create a negative atmosphere within a squad. However, Van Gaal's constructive comments and praise of Shaw's efforts in training could spur the youngster on to greater heights. United fans will be eagerly anticipating Shaw's return and hopeful that he can help lead the club to success this season. If he can stay injury-free and continue to impress on the pitch, there's no doubt that Shaw can become one of the best left-backs in the Premier League.