article: Washington (CNN) -- Spirit Airlines says a pilot who clipped the tail of another aircraft on New Year's Eve was not warned about the presence of the other plane. The accident happened after Spirit Flight 403 arrived at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida with 167 passengers onboard. The wingtip of the Airbus A320 hit the tail of a US Airways plane, also an A320, parked in a remote stand away from the gate; no one was onboard that plane. "Spirit was not advised by air traffic control of the presence of the other aircraft," the company said in a press release issued Wednesday night said. "Spirit has been informed by officials that the control tower had also not been advised that the other A320 was parked in such close proximity to an active taxiway." "We are continuing to investigate," US Airways spokesman Andrew Christie told CNN Wednesday. The day before, he said the "A320 was parked in an approved parking spot when it was struck in the tail by another aircraft." The accident happened in an area which is not under air traffic control, a FAA official who did not want to be identified discussing the details of the accident told CNN. Controllers generally guide planes on runways and active taxiways, but it would be unusual for them to discuss aircraft that are in parking areas with pilots who are taxiing past them. Radio calls captured by the website LiveATC.net show the Spirit pilot warned ground control about limited space to maneuver. "You might want to send guys around the other way, it's really tight here in Cactus Park," he said using "Cactus" the US Airways radio call sign. No one was injured in the collision and the passengers onboard the Spirit flight deplaned at the gate. The airline says because of the minor nature of the damage the National Transportation Safety Board will not be investigating. In September, the NTSB recommended the FAA require large planes and other aircraft on which the wingtips are not easily visible from the cockpit to have cameras or other devices to monitor the wings. The safety board said at the time that 12 accidents since 1993 had involved a large aircraft's wingtip hitting another airplane or object on the taxiway. Most recently, a Boeing 747 hit a regional jet at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago in May, a 767 hit a regional jet in Boston in July 2011 and an A380 hit a regional jet in April of 2011 at New York's JFK Airport. No one was injured in any of those incidents.
highlights: Spirit says pilot not advised about presence of other aircraft . Airbus A320's wingtip clips the tail of a parked plane in South Florida . Accident occurred at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport .
id: ad8c02cff763127c787f6e5e56507a839fe4110d
chatgpt: In an unfortunate accident at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, a Spirit Airlines Airbus A320's wingtip clipped the tail of a parked plane. According to preliminary investigation results, it appears that the pilot was not advised about the presence of the other aircraft, which led to the collision. The incident took place in the late afternoon when the Spirit Airbus A320 was taxiing towards the runway for takeoff. The parked plane, a smaller jet, was in the process of being towed to a different location. The two aircrafts' proximity soon led to the collision. After the accident, the parked aircraft suffered significant damages to its tail section, and the Spirit Airbus A320's left wingtip was visibly bent. Fortunately, there were no injuries reported, and both aircraft were evacuated without delay.  In a statement issued by Spirit Airlines, the company expressed their regret and promised to work closely with authorities to investigate what exactly had happened. “We understand how distressing it can be for our passengers and crew, and we want to assure them that their safety and security is our top priority,” the statement read. Meanwhile, it was revealed that the air traffic control tower did not specifically direct the Spirit aircraft to pay closer attention to the parked plane's presence as it was being towed. Had the pilot been alerted, the accident may have been avoided. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has launched a full-scale investigation into the incident to determine the root cause and any factors that led to the accident. They are examining the communication standards between the air traffic control tower and the pilots, as well as assessing the effectiveness of tow truck drivers' interactions with approaching pilots. However, experts noted that accidents like this one are rare, especially for commercial airlines that operate thousands of flights every day. It was also noted that accidents like this one can result in significant financial losses for the airlines. Flights at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport were disrupted as a result of the accident, which caused delays and cancellations. Passengers with Spirit Airlines, in particular, faced more challenges due to the substantial damages that occurred to their aircraft. Ultimately, the accident serves as a reminder of the importance of clear communication between air traffic controllers and pilots, as well as caution during all phases of flight, including taxiing. It also highlights the need for tow truck drivers to remain vigilant to their surroundings at all times.