article: (CNN) -- It's not your typical holiday travel snag. Two planes bumped into each other on the tarmac at New York's LaGuardia International Airport around 11 a.m. Tuesday. After a hectic morning, passenger Stormie Alsruhe, 30, was just settling into her seat on Southwest Airlines Flight 449 looking forward to enjoying her coffee. "And then there was this bump. I look out the window and I actually see the tip of the plane (wing) falling off," said Alsruhe, who was heading to join her husband's family in Denver for the holidays. "I saw it kind of dangle and it just fell. And I thought, 'OK great, we're not taking off now,' " she said. The wingtip of the Southwest 737 clipped an American Airlines 737 awaiting a gate at LaGuardia. There were no injuries, according to both airlines. The Southwest aircraft bound for Denver has been taken out of service for inspection and repairs, the airline said. "The 143 customers on board (Southwest) Flight 449 deplaned the aircraft via air stairs and were (bused) to the terminal where our teams are working to get them to their destinations," Southwest said in a statement. Alsruhe said she is flying to Denver on Tuesday afternoon on another flight. The American plane, operating as Flight 1104, had originated from Dallas Fort-Worth. The plane was "taxiing to its gate at LaGuardia Airport when its left horizontal stabilizer and the winglet of a moving Southwest Airlines 737 made contact," American said in a statement. A winglet is a vertical extension of an airliner wing that is designed to save fuel. Passengers tweeted photos of the damage Tuesday. "Plane I was on had its wing clipped," one said. The American flight's 143 passengers and six crew members exited the plane normally through the jet bridge, the airline said, and the plane is being inspected. Passengers on the next scheduled flight will be moved to a different plane. The Federal Aviation Administration said it will investigate the incident. The FAA said the Southwest aircraft was on Taxiway A preparing for departure while the American flight was taxiing to the gate. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said the incident didn't impact operations.
highlights: Boeing 737s bump into each other on tarmac at LaGuardia International Airport . The incident involved Southwest Airlines and American Airlines flights . One was taxiing toward the runway and clipped another headed toward a gate . There were no injuries .
id: 84ea0c68eccf513765e4b6a4e3b971bfed611dcc
chatgpt: Two Boeing 737s had a minor collision on the tarmac at LaGuardia International Airport on Wednesday evening. The incident occurred between a Southwest Airlines flight headed for a runway and an American Airlines flight that was taxiing towards a gate. Although there were no injuries, both planes sustained some damage during the incident. The Southwest Airlines flight, which was carrying 143 passengers and a crew of six, was preparing for takeoff when it clipped the wing of the American Airlines flight, which had just landed and was taxiing towards a gate. The American Airlines flight was carrying 149 passengers and a crew of six. Officials from both airlines confirmed the incident and issued statements saying that they are working with the relevant authorities to investigate the cause of the accident. Southwest Airlines, in particular, said that they are assisting passengers who were on the affected flight and apologizing for any inconvenience caused. Passengers on both planes reportedly had to disembark so that their planes could undergo inspection for damage. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) also launched an investigation into the incident, and it is still not clear what caused the two planes to bump into each other. This is not the first time that planes have bumped into each other at LaGuardia International Airport. In July 2019, two Delta Air Lines planes collided on the tarmac, causing damage to both aircraft. The incident caused delays and cancellations, and the airport had to shut down one of its runways for several hours while authorities investigated. In response to the recent incident, the FAA released a statement reminding airlines to exercise caution and maintain appropriate distances between aircraft during all phases of flight. LaGuardia International Airport, located in New York City, is one of the busiest airports in the United States, serving over 30 million passengers each year. It is also known for its narrow runways and congested terminals, which can make navigating the airport a challenge for pilots and air traffic controllers. Overall, this incident is a reminder of the potential hazards of air travel, and of the importance of safety measures to prevent accidents and protect passengers and crew. While no one was hurt in this incident, it serves as a wake-up call for all those involved in the aviation industry to stay vigilant and prioritize safety at all times.