article: Ed Miliband said the idea that British Jews could be fearful of living in the UK was no longer unthinkable . Jewish parents are beginning to fear for their children’s future in Britain for the first time in a generation, Ed Miliband has claimed. The Labour leader said ‘for the first time in their lifetime’ middle-aged Jews were scared about the rise of anti-Semitism in the UK. Mr Miliband, himself the son of Jewish refugees, hit out amid growing concern over a spate of anti-Jewish attacks. Labour MPs Luciana Berger and Louise Ellman have been on the end of vile anti-Semitic attacks, sparking calls for a crackdown on internet abuse. The Jewish Community Security Trust recorded more than 300 anti-Semitics incidents in July alone. This is the highest monthly total it has ever recorded and a 400 per cent increase since July last year. Mr Miliband said Britain had a proud record of ‘diversity, tolerance and respect’. But he added: ‘In the past few months, Britain's Jewish community has expressed growing concern about a rise in anti-Semitism. ‘There have been violent assaults, the desecration and damage of Jewish property, anti-Semitic graffiti, hate-mail and online abuse.’ Mr Miliband said the recent spate of incidents should serve as a ‘wake-up call for anyone who thought the scourge of anti-Semitism had been defeated’. He said the idea of ‘Jewish families fearful of living here in Britain’ was no longer unthinkable. The Labour leader said: ‘Some have told me how, for the first time in their lifetime, they are scared for their children’s future in our country. ‘Others have expressed a general unease that this rise in anti-Semitism could signal that something has changed – or is changing – in Britain.’ Mr Miliband said the concerns had to be taken ‘very seriously’. Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband today raised fears that anti semitism, such as the attacks on Jewish graves in France, are becoming common in Britain . He said: ‘We need a zero-tolerance approach to anti-Semitism in the UK and to reaffirm our revulsion to it in all its forms. ‘The Labour Party has always been at the forefront of fighting intolerance. We will continue to be so.’ Mr Miliband said politicians needed to use ‘calm and responsible language’ when discussing Israel. A zero-tolerance approach to anti-Semitism and prejudice in all its forms here in Britain will go hand-in-hand with the pursuit of peace in the Middle East as a key focus of the next Labour government’s foreign policy.
highlights: 'For the first time' British Jews are scared for their families, warns Miliband . Mr Miliband hit out amid growing concern over a spate of anti-Jewish attacks . Labour MPs Luciana Berger and Louise Ellman victim of anti-Semitic attacks .
id: 9503b02077bb9f1c2d98c0859179d06fb00f2d25
chatgpt: In a heartfelt and emotional address, former Labour leader Ed Miliband has warned that British Jews are scared for the safety of their families, for the first time in living memory. Miliband's comments came amid growing concern over a spate of anti-Jewish attacks in the UK, with prominent Labour MPs Luciana Berger and Louise Ellman among the victims. The rise in anti-Semitic attacks has been attributed in part to the ongoing conflict in Gaza, which has already claimed the lives of hundreds of Palestinians and dozens of Israelis. While no one is claiming that there is any excuse for hate crimes, many observers believe that the conflict is exacerbating tensions in the UK's Jewish community. Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Miliband said that the situation was "very serious" and urged the government to take action. He called for tougher laws to combat hate crime and for more resources to be made available to the police to investigate and prosecute perpetrators. Miliband also expressed his solidarity with Jewish communities across the UK, and praised the contributions they make to British society. "It is deeply troubling that for the first time in our living memory, British Jews are feeling scared for the safety of their families," Miliband said. "This is not acceptable. We need to take a stand and say that we will not tolerate hate crimes of any kind." The Labour Party has been rocked by a series of anti-Semitic incidents over the past year, leading to accusations that the party has a problem with anti-Semitism. Berger and Ellman, who are both Jewish, have been subjected to a barrage of online abuse, including death threats and racist insults. The party has taken action against some of the offenders, but there are concerns that the problem is much deeper than just a few rogue individuals. Miliband, who is also Jewish, said that he was personally affected by the situation and that his family had been targeted by anti-Semitic abuse on social media. He said that he was determined to speak out against hate and intolerance, and that he hoped his words would inspire others to do the same. "It's absolutely vital that we stand up to this kind of hatred and intolerance, wherever we find it," he said. "We need to send a clear message that we will not tolerate anti-Semitic behaviour or any other kind of hate crime in our society." Miliband's comments have been widely welcomed by Jewish groups and anti-racism campaigners, who have long been calling for stronger action to combat hate crimes. However, they have also been criticised by some who argue that the conflict in Gaza is a complex issue that cannot be simplified into a matter of hate and intolerance. Despite the disagreements, it is clear that anti-Semitic attacks are on the rise in the UK, and that action must be taken to address the issue. Miliband's comments are a timely reminder of the need for unity and solidarity in the face of hate and intolerance, and they will undoubtedly inspire many to take action against this scourge on our society.