article: By . Joel Christie . A southern Kentucky man who was arrested on charges of shoplifting and public intoxication has got himself into more trouble by pulling a prank that police say was not very funny. Officers in Corbin arrested 29-year-old Michael Harp on Tuesday afternoon but have since added three extra counts to his name. Harp managed to get his phone into the holding cell, where he placed to sober up. Not long after a delivery from Domino's arrived at the police station, with five pizzas under the name of Officer Wilson, the same officer that arrested Harp. Prison pie: Michael Harp gives an interview from inside Corbin Police Station in Kentucky after jokingly ordering in five pizzas . Scene: Harp, 29, was behind bars at Corbin Police Station when he called in the pies, officials said . The officers were able to trace the call and realized Harp was in possession of his phone. Not impressed, police subsequently charged Harp with theft of identity, theft by deception and impersonating a police officer. Police charged Harp with theft of identity, theft by deception and impersonating a police officer . However, in an interview with local station WKYT, Harp denied having anything to do with the pizza prank. 'I'm wrongfully accused on this here,' he said. 'There was about 10 people (in the cell) who probably used the phone, so it's hard to say. 'Like I said, I never heard anyone say a word about Domino's pizzas. Any of it.' Harp said he intends to get a lawyer and fight the additional charges. 'I guess take it to court and see what happens,' he said. 'There's not much I can do at the current moment. 'I’m not the guilty one on this.' Harp did not have an attorney listed on his police report. Harp was expected to make bail by the weekend. A preliminary hearing has not yet been set. Corbin is about 87 miles south of Lexington. var p = new anv_pl_def();p.loadVideoWithKey("eyJtIjoiR1JUViIsInAiOiIxMSIsInYiOiIyODg2NTY2In0="); .
highlights: Michael Harp, 29, was arrested for shoplifting and public intoxication in Corbin, Kentucky, on Tuesday . Allegedly made a call for five pizzas under the name of the officer that arrested him . Additionally charged with theft of identity, theft by deception and impersonating a police officer .
id: 9b47a20ebffe90295490bdf4b79b5b9c5b0d07f6
chatgpt: On Tuesday afternoon, Michael Harp, 29, was arrested for shoplifting and public intoxication in Corbin, Kentucky. However, it was the events that followed his arrest that have captured the attention of many. According to reports, while in police custody, Harp allegedly made a call to a local Domino's Pizza and ordered five pizzas under the name of the police officer who had arrested him. It is not clear how Harp obtained the officer's name, but the call was apparently traced back to the police station. The officer whose name was used then received a call from the pizza delivery driver who was en route to the station with the order. The officer quickly realized what had happened and a search for Harp's cell phone allegedly uncovered evidence of the fraudulent pizza order. But that was not the end of Harp's troubles. He now faces additional charges of theft of identity, theft by deception, and impersonating a police officer. It is not clear if Harp had any accomplices in his scheme or if this was a solo act. Some have speculated that Harp may have been attempting to get revenge on the officer who arrested him, while others believe he was simply trying to pull off a prank. Regardless of his motivations, Harp's actions show a clear lack of judgment and could have serious consequences. Theft of identity and impersonating a police officer are both serious crimes that carry significant penalties. The incident has also generated a fair amount of ridicule and amusement on social media. Many have pointed out that if Harp had put as much effort into finding a job as he did into his pizza prank, he might not be in police custody right now. Overall, the incident serves as a reminder of the dangers of making impulsive decisions while under the influence of drugs or alcohol. In the end, Harp's actions may have seemed like a harmless joke at the time, but they could end up having serious and lasting consequences.