article: (CNN) -- Before NBC even aired "Peter Pan Live!" on Thursday night, its star, Allison Williams, asked viewers not to hate-watch it. Unfortunately, Tinkerbell didn't totally grant that wish. Although the live musical production garnered some celeb praise and a few pats on the back for its star, some critics and viewers concluded they were right to worry that it wouldn't fly. "Peter Pan may have overcome the tyranny of time, but he couldn't surmount the constrictions of a television screen," wrote New York Daily News writer Don Kaplan. "Or a wooden screenplay." The special, which featured "Girls" star Williams as the eternally young Pan and Christopher Walken as Captain Hook, had been highly anticipated after NBC's ratings success with "Sound of Music Live!" starring Carrie Underwood. Deadline reported that the latest production tumbled in early ratings, down 46% from last year's live show. Though "Sound of Music Live!" did well with the numbers, it was ripped to shreds by some viewers, and the expectation was that the new show wouldn't be much better. But according to The Daily Beast's Kevin Fallon, "Peter Pan" proved to be just underwhelming. "No, it's not that Peter Pan Live! was the 'Sound of Music Live!' train wreck our heads are still spinning over, like Carrie Underwood twirling maniacally on a soundstage hilltop," Fallon wrote. "It's that 'Peter Pan Live!' was boring." Perhaps trying to liven things up, viewers amused themselves on social media. One tweeted, "Apparently Never Never Land is just a backdrop at Sears. #PeterPanLive." Even "Scrubs" star Zach Braff got in on the fun, tweeting, "All of this needs more cowbell #PeterPanLive," a nod to Walken's now-classic "SNL" skit. Actress Anna Kendrick tweeted, "Increasingly worried this is going to turn into a "Boys Don't Cry" situation for Peter #PeterPanLive." Walken didn't win any raves for his singing, but Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter found the actor to be "simultaneously playing himself and playing Captain Hook, though for some long stretches one couldn't be sure if he was forgetting lines left and right or just letting the play breathe." "Seriously, you can't underestimate the Walken Effect," Goodman wrote. "If you don't like him, well, this was not a three-hour musical for you, because during vast stretches of it Walken seemed to be doing something else entirely than his fellow singers and actors. But for those who love the Cult of Christopher, that level of odd behavior, moments of outright weirdness and his own brand of playing cool in chaos was precisely what made NBC's gambit work." One person who knew all too well the experience of presenting a musical live on national TV gave it a thumbs up. "I hope the cast & crew of #PeterPanLive feel so happy & proud right now," Underwood tweeted. "What an incredible thing you all were a part of tonight! Amazing!!!" .
highlights: "Peter Pan Live!" starred Allison Williams, who asked viewers not to hate-watch . But viewers amused themselves on social media . The show earned some praise, though one critic called screenplay wooden .
id: bd262a111401bb77907a393733f799fa1ace18ac
chatgpt: NBC's latest live spectacular, "Peter Pan Live!" aired on Thursday night, boasting a star-studded cast led by actress Allison Williams. Prior to the broadcast, Williams had taken to social media, asking viewers not to hate-watch the show. However, many viewers appeared to have disregarded her plea, taking to social media to poke fun at the show's various shortcomings. Despite the social media criticism, "Peter Pan Live!" did receive some praise from various critics. Some praised Williams' vocal abilities, noting that she had performed well during the show's more challenging musical numbers. In addition, the production's sets and costumes were widely praised, as was the work of the show's choreographer. However, not all of the show's reviews were glowing. One critic in particular criticized the show's screenplay, calling it wooden and flat. Others found issue with the inconsistencies in the show's pacing, which at times made it difficult to follow the action on screen. But while reviews for "Peter Pan Live!" may have been mixed, it's clear that the production had captured the attention of viewers across the country. On social media, users weighed in with their thoughts on the show, with many making light of its various flaws. Memes, tweets, and comments on sites like Twitter and Facebook abounded, with many pointing out issues like the shaky camera work or the fact that Williams' Peter Pan was apparently wearing a prosthetic nose. Despite these criticisms, it's worth noting that "Peter Pan Live!" was still a major undertaking for NBC, which had poured significant resources into the production. Prior to the show's airing, NBC's chairman had proudly proclaimed that it was going to be "a huge event." While it remains to be seen whether "Peter Pan Live!" was able to attract the kind of audiences that NBC had hoped for, it's clear that the production was a significant one for the network. Overall, then, it seems that "Peter Pan Live!" was a mixed bag of sorts. While it did receive some praise for its technical elements, there were clearly issues with the show's screenplay that left more than a few critics cold. And while some viewers may have enjoyed the show's campy, over-the-top nature, others found it to be a little too much to handle. Still, as a live television event, "Peter Pan Live!" was certainly worth watching - even if it was just for the social media buzz.