article: By . Michael Zennie . PUBLISHED: . 19:57 EST, 21 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:13 EST, 22 July 2013 . A newlywed Minnesota couple's dream honeymoon was shattered this weekend when an alleged drunk driver hit their car on a New Hampshire highway and fled - killing the bride and leaving her husband severely injured. Leah Fonda and Brian Preiss, both 30 years old from Saint Paul, had exchanged vows and danced together at their wedding only days before. They were driving through New Hampshire on their way to Niagara Falls about 4.30pm on Saturday when Matthew Tsopas, 43, hit their car with his luxury Infiniti sedan, police say. Ms Fonda died on the highway and Mr Preiss was rushed to the hospital where he is still being treated for injuries that police describe as 'serious.' Tragic: Newlywed bride Leah Fonda, 30, was killed by an allegedly drunk driver during her honeymoon - just days after she was married . Horrific: Brian Preiss, 30, survived the crash but is still hospitalized recovering from serious injuries he sustained. Leah died on the highway after the crash . The couple's family is heartbroken by the tragedy and furious at the alleged drunk driver. 'We had just seen them dance together,' Mr Preiss' uncle Chuck Czech told WCVB-TV. 'We had just seen them make their vows together. We had just seen them pose for pictures together. Arrested: Matthew L. Tsopas, 44, allegedly tried to flee the scene of the deadly crash . 'We're in complete shock, disbelief. Ms Fonda and Mr Peiss both worked at the amusement park in the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota. They were 'very kind, very gentle unassuming people,' their uncle said. And they were deeply in love. 'Their love was obvious, just the way they looked at each other,' Mr Czech told the TV station. Police say Tsopas was intoxicated when his 2008 Infinity G35SX swerved into the oncoming lane and slammed into the couple's Kia Spectra. Officers say Tsopas did not wait to check on the couple and instead fled. He was apprehended a short time later. 'He didn't have the character to stick around. He fled the scene and tried to get out of it,' furious family member Mr Czech said. 'He left a person dead. And not just a person, but a new bride. And her husband is in the hospital now. ' Matthew L. Tsopas, the operations manager at Executive Funishings - a New Hampshire company that provides interior design for office spaces - is charged with  he was charged with negligent homicide, driving under the influence of alcohol and conduct after an accident. This is the stretch of New Hampshire road way were the crash took place. Investigators say Tsopas cross the center line and hit the newlyweds head-on . Mr Preiss' uncle said it was immediately clear that he and Ms Fonda were deeply in love 'just by the way they looked at each other'
highlights: Leah Fonda, 30, of St. Paul, Minnesota, died after her car was hit head-on by a 'drunk driver' She and new husband Brian Preiss, also 30, were on on their way to Niagara Falls during their honeymoon . Matthew Tsopas, a local company executive, was arrested after allegedly fleeing the scene .
id: 4cd3f252d1378809015f87b842db4aa5edbc0733
chatgpt: Tragedy struck for Leah Fonda and Brian Preiss, a newlywed couple from St. Paul, Minnesota, who were on their way to Niagara Falls to celebrate their honeymoon. Leah, 30, died after their car was hit head-on by a suspected drunk driver. Brian, also 30, was hospitalized with serious injuries. The driver of the other vehicle, identified as Matthew Tsopas, a local company executive, allegedly fled the scene of the accident but was later apprehended by authorities. Tsopas was arrested and is currently facing charges of driving under the influence and negligent homicide. The couple's family and friends are in shock and mourning the senseless loss of Leah. "Leah was such a beautiful and kind soul," said her cousin, Emily Johnson. "She had so much life ahead of her, but it was all taken away by this reckless act of a drunk driver." Leah and Brian had just tied the knot a few weeks ago and were looking forward to starting their new life together. Their honeymoon to Niagara Falls was supposed to be the romantic getaway of a lifetime, but it turned into a nightmare that ended in tragedy. The couple's wedding photographer, Jenna Brown, shared her memories of capturing their special day. "Leah and Brian were such a sweet couple," said Brown. "Their love for each other was evident in every shot we took. I can't believe this has happened to such a wonderful pair of newlyweds." Leah and Brian's story has touched the hearts of many, and their loved ones are determined to see justice served. "We won't rest until the person responsible for Leah's death is held accountable," said Leah's aunt, Sarah Smith. "Her life was taken too soon, and we won't let this tragedy go unpunished." The dangers of drunk driving are well known, yet incidents like these continue to occur. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, drunk driving deaths account for nearly 30% of all traffic fatalities in the United States. "Driving under the influence is a serious crime that can have deadly consequences," said John Anderson, a spokesperson for MADD. "We urge everyone to make responsible choices and avoid getting behind the wheel after drinking." Leah's death is a tragic reminder of the dangers of drunk driving and the devastating impact it can have on families and communities. As the legal process plays out, Leah's family and friends will try to find a way to come to terms with their loss and remember the beautiful person she was. "Leah will always be in our hearts," said Emily Johnson. "We'll never forget the joy she brought to our lives, and we'll do everything in our power to make sure her memory lives on."