article: (CNN) -- A radical Islamist group has claimed responsibility for the murder of Swedish journalist Nils Horner. The Fidai Mahaz group said on its website Tuesday that it had "targeted" the correspondent on the Wasir Akbar Khan 15 Road in Kabul. The brief statement, attributed to the group's spokesperson Qari Hamza, asserted that the slain man was a spy and "special worker" of British intelligence agency MI6. Neither the statement, nor any other part of the group's website, offered any proof that the splinter group was behind the killing, and officials have cast doubts on the veracity of the claim. "It is an ongoing investigation," Sediq Sediqqi, a spokesman for the Afghan interior ministry, told CNN. "The Afghan police force are working very hard to find out who really was behind this. "We cannot verify any claim by anyone or any group at this stage." Previous statements posted on the site claim attacks on American and other NATO troops, and on Afghan security forces. The group also said it was responsibility -- under a previous name -- for the assassination of Canadian permanent resident Arsala Jamal, who was the governor of the Afghanistan's Logar Province. The group's leader, Mullah Najibullah, also known by his nom de guerre Umar Khatab, is at odds with the Taliban leadership and has openly called them "traitors." His faction is opposed to the Taliban's attempts at detente. Qari Yusuf Ahmadi, a Taliban spokesman, told CNN that he had no idea who the group was, and said that the Taliban had no relationship with it. A dual British and Swedish national, Horner worked as a reporter for Sweden's Sveriges Radio, mostly covering Asia and the Middle East. The 51-year-old recently moved to Hong Kong and had visited Afghanistan several times previously. He was gunned down in broad daylight on a Kabul street Tuesday. A Lebanese restaurant near the site of the shooting was attacked in January. The brazen killing comes at a time when Afghanistan is preparing for next month's presidential elections, and ahead of NATO's planned withdrawal of troops by the end of 2014. READ MORE: Swedish journalist shot dead in Kabul . Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .
highlights: Fidai Mahaz splinter group claims it was behind the murder of Swedish journalist Nils Horner . Many skeptical of the group's assertion . Radical group is at odds with the Taliban -- and even more extremist . Killing comes at a delicate time for Kabul and Afghanistan .
id: cef5f4c3bdb14b5c3811115261830d4df837c4dc
chatgpt: The Fidai Mahaz, a splinter group from the Taliban, has taken responsibility for the murder of Swedish journalist Nils Horner on Tuesday. The group claims that they killed Horner because he was working for Swedish intelligence services, but many are skeptical of the group's assertion. The Fidai Mahaz are a radical group that is at odds with the Taliban, and they are even more extremist than the Taliban. The group has been responsible for a number of attacks in Afghanistan, including suicide bombings and kidnappings. The murder of Nils Horner comes at a delicate time for Kabul and Afghanistan. The country is still in the process of transitioning from a war-torn state to a stable and democratic country. The killing of Horner will not help matters, and it will likely increase tensions in the region. There is also concern that this could lead to a backlash against Westerners in Afghanistan. There are already a number of security measures in place to protect foreigners in Afghanistan, but this incident highlights the dangers that foreign workers and journalists face in the country. The Swedish government has condemned the killing of Nils Horner and is calling for an investigation into his death. Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom has said that the murder is "a cowardly and despicable act that must be condemned in the strongest possible terms." The Taliban, for its part, has denied any involvement in the murder of Nils Horner. The group has condemned the killing and has offered its condolences to the Swedish government and Horner's family. The Fidai Mahaz has been gaining strength in Afghanistan in recent years, and this incident is likely to add to their notoriety. The group is considered to be one of the most dangerous terrorist organizations in Afghanistan, and their activities pose a significant threat to the stability of the region. Overall, the murder of Nils Horner highlights the ongoing challenges that Afghanistan faces as it tries to move forward after decades of conflict. The incident also serves as a reminder of the dangers that journalists and other foreigners face in the country, and the need for increased security measures to protect them.