article: By . Associated Press . Police have launched an investigation after eight decomposing bodies, including a baby, were discovered inside an abandoned funeral home. Officers said the corpses were left unattended after the mortuary service was told to move out of the building in Fort Worth, Texas. Sgt Raymond Bush said the property owner told Johnson Family Mortuary to vacate the building two weeks ago. He says the landlord returned yesterday morning to find the bodies in the premises, but no workers. Scroll down for video . Investigation: Authorities remove bodies from a mortuary in Fort Worth, Texas, after eight corpses were discovered inside the abandoned building . Sgt Bush said the bodies were not refrigerated and were in various stages of decomposition. Homicide detectives spent hours at the scene and are now trying to trace relatives of the deceased, he added. No arrests have been made or charges filed. Twin brothers, Dondre and Derrick . Johnson, who own the funeral business, have denied neglect, saying they . did not deliberately leave the bodies behind and that they were treated properly. Dondre . Johnson told CBS 11 News: 'We've done nothing wrong. I have some . embalmed bodies back there, which ya'll had seen them bring out. 'They were already in the casket, already had a funeral [and] one was ready to go to Nairobi.' Left unattended: Sgt Raymond Bush said the bodies were in various stages of decomposition and officers were now trying to locate the relatives of the deceased . Deny neglect: Twin brothers, Dondre and Derrick Johnson, who own the mortuary and feature in a reality TV show about their business (above), said the bodies were treated properly and were prepared for funerals . The brothers, who feature in a TV reality show about their business, blamed the owners for causing the confusion by trying to throw them out of the business. He added: 'We don’t do business like that. 'Being a professional, I’ve been in the funeral service over 25 years and I’m going to continue to serve my community.' The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office has taken custody of the bodies. Texas Funeral Service Commission attorney Kyle Smith says the mortuary's state license expires this month and it is the focus of five commission investigations after receiving a number of complaints. Sgt Bush said: 'Our primary concern at this point is to make sure that the Medical Examiner’s Office gets everything it needs from us to properly take care of the people that were left in the building.'
highlights: Decomposing corpses, including a baby, discovered by building's owner . Funeral company had been told to leave the premises two weeks earlier . Mortuary company denies neglect and blames landlord for the confusion . Firm says bodies were embalmed and had funerals planned, one in Nairobi .
id: 64bf5dd2c2eddb7fcf06689f0de21f2fbeb0869d
chatgpt: In a gruesome discovery, the owner of a building in downtown Nairobi stumbled upon decomposing corpses, including that of a baby. The bodies had been left behind by a funeral company that had been operating from the premises. The incident has sparked outrage and calls for action against the mortuary company responsible. According to the building's owner, he had asked the funeral company to leave the premises two weeks earlier, after he became concerned about the state of the bodies being stored on the property. However, it appears that the company did not comply with the request, leaving the bodies behind instead. The mortuary company in question has denied any wrongdoing, laying the blame squarely on the building's owner. A spokesperson for the firm said that there had been some confusion over the eviction notice and that they had believed that they had more time to vacate the building. Furthermore, the company has stated that the bodies were embalmed and that they had funerals planned for them, including one in Nairobi. They have expressed deep regret over the incident and have promised to work with authorities to ensure that such a tragedy does not occur again. The discovery has understandably shaken the local community, with residents expressing their horror and disbelief over the treatment of the deceased. Many are calling for a full investigation into the incident, with some calling for the mortuary company to be held accountable for their negligence. The Kenyan government has also weighed in on the matter, with Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe urging for swift action to be taken. He has ordered an immediate investigation into the incident, promising to ensure that those responsible are held to account. The incident has also raised questions about the standards of mortuary care in Kenya, with some arguing that there needs to be greater regulation of the industry. Many have called for stricter guidelines around the handling and storage of bodies, as well as greater oversight of funeral companies. In the wake of the tragedy, the local community has come together to demand justice for the deceased. A memorial service was held in honor of the victims, with hundreds of people attending to pay their respects. It is hoped that the incident will serve as a wake-up call for the authorities, and that greater steps will be taken to guarantee the respect and dignity of the deceased.