article: (CNN) -- The linguists have spoken and they have decided -- "Occupy" is 2011's word of the year. Members of the American Dialect Society came out in record numbers to vote Friday night at the organization's annual conference, held this year in Portland, Oregon. "Occupy" won a runoff vote by a whopping majority, earning more votes than "FOMO" (an acronym for "Fear of Missing Out," describing anxiety over being inundated by the information on social media) and "the 99%," (those held to be at a financial or political disadvantage to the top moneymakers, the one-percenters). Occupy joins previous year's winners, "app," "tweet," and "bailout." "It's a very old word, but over the course of just a few months it took on another life and moved in new and unexpected directions, thanks to a national and global movement," Ben Zimmer, chair of the New Words Committee for the American Dialect Society, said in a statement. The Occupy Wall Street movement began in September in Lower Manhattan, before spreading to communities around the country and the world as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth and other issues. Founded in 1889, the American Dialect Society is made up of "academics, linguists, anyone involved in the specialization of language," according to Grant Barrett, the society's vice president. Barrett, who also co-hosts "A Way with Words," a public radio program about language, said the annual conference provides an opportunity for linguistics professionals and graduate students to share information and research. But Barrett says the word of the year vote, now in its 22nd year is, "light-hearted and whimsical." Nominations for the word of the year are submitted by society members in attendance at the annual conference, but can also be submitted by the community at large. "Occupy" may have taken top honors, but several other words and phrases received recognition. "Mellencamp," a woman who has aged out of being a "cougar" (after John Cougar Mellencamp), and "kardash," a unit of measurement consisting of 72 days, after the short-lived marriage of Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries, were both recognized in the "Most Creative" category. Barrett said many of the nominated words that have significance now likely won't stand the test of time. For instance, "Tebowing" and "9-9-9" were quite popular in 2011, but Barrett doubts they'll last very long. Some words are just outright unnecessary -- like Charlie Sheen's "bi-winning," a term he used to describe himself pridefully, dismissing accusations of being bipolar, and "amazeballs," a slang form of amazing. In the most outrageous category, "deather" -- one who doubts the official story of the killing of Osama bin Laden -- was recognized. While all in good fun and a chance for "good-natured intelligent people to let their hair down," Barrett hopes the word of the year vote conveys two important messages to even the purist of linguists: "Language change is normal. Language change is interesting."
highlights: The word occupy "took on another life" in 2011, American Dialect Society member says . Members of the society voted at the organization's annual conference . "Kardash" -- in reference to Kim Kardashian's short marriage -- deemed most creative .
id: 5eff0471f4c6e2ce116391d7497bab2c9c570522
chatgpt: The American Dialect Society, an organization dedicated to the study of the English language in North America, recently held its annual conference where members voted on the 2011 Word of the Year. According to one member, the chosen word, "occupy," took on another life in 2011 as it became a powerful symbol for activism and protest. The word "occupy" first gained national attention with the Occupy Wall Street movement, which began in September 2011 with a protest of a few hundred in New York City's financial district. Soon after, similar protests began to pop up in cities around the world, with participants using the word to describe their actions of occupying public spaces as a form of protest against economic injustice. As the movement grew, so too did the use of the word "occupy" in the media and in everyday conversation. The American Dialect Society's decision to choose the word as its 2011 Word of the Year reflects the significant cultural impact that it had during that year. However, not all of the words nominated for the title were as serious or politically charged. The society also recognized "Kardash" as the most creative word of 2011, referencing the short-lived marriage of reality television star Kim Kardashian. While it may be easy to dismiss a word like "Kardash" as trivial, the society's recognition of it speaks to the way in which language is constantly evolving and reflecting our collective cultural experiences. In 2011, the media was saturated with coverage of Kardashian's wedding and subsequent divorce, and it's not surprising that her name would become a shorthand for a certain type of media spectacle. Overall, the American Dialect Society's annual vote serves as a reminder that language not only reflects the world around us, but also has the power to shape it. The recognition of a word like "occupy" illustrates how language can be used to incite change and inspire action, while the recognition of "Kardash" demonstrates the complex relationship between language and popular culture. As we enter a new year, it will be interesting to see which words will emerge as defining for 2021. Will the ongoing pandemic have a linguistic impact? Will the ongoing fight for racial justice bring new words and phrases into the lexicon? Only time will tell, but one thing is certain - language will continue to play a powerful role in shaping our world.