article: Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- The number of U.S. troops remaining in Iraq is about 52,000, the U.S. military said Thursday. That puts U.S. Forces-Iraq on track to draw down to 50,000 troops by September 1, when Operation New Dawn is to begin and forces are to switch to an advise-and-assist role. The Pentagon on Wednesday had estimated the number of U.S. forces in Iraq at 56,000, which reflected the last calculation conducted August 17, the military said in a news release. The 4,000-member 4th Stryker Brigade Combat Team departed to Kuwait on Wednesday and Thursday. The brigade's departure comes more than seven years after U.S. combat forces entered Iraq, though it does not signify the end of all U.S. combat forces in the country. In all, the number of U.S. troops in Iraq has decreased by more than 90,000 in the past 18 months and Obama has promised that all U.S. forces will be out by the end of 2011. But there is plenty of work left to do, former U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker said Wednesday. "Iraq is still at the beginning of the story of its evolution since 2003," he said, referring to the date of the U.S.-led invasion of the country. In fact, Iraq has been without a functioning government for more than five months, electricity and other utilities are available only sporadically in the capital, and violence appears to be increasing. At least 48 people were killed Tuesday in an attack outside a military recruiting center in Baghdad. "We're going to have to leave a large footprint behind, and this is not going away for us as an issue," Crocker said. The State Department is preparing to make up much of that footprint. It will handle many of the responsibilities currently shouldered by the military, increasing its security contractors from 2,700 to nearly 7,000, sources said. They are expected to work with diplomats and police trainers in some facilities. The State Department has asked for an additional $400 million to cover the costs, though it was not clear it would get it. The State Department has asked the U.S. military to leave behind surveillance systems, about 50 bomb-resistant vehicles and a few dozen UH-60 helicopters, a military official said. Although the department got a lot of what it wanted, the Pentagon said it could not give them all the helicopters because they are needed in Afghanistan, the official said. According to the Pentagon, 4,419 U.S. troops have died in Iraq. CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Adam Levine contributed to this story.
highlights: Military had estimated troop strength at 56,000 on Wednesday . Obama has promised to draw down to 50,000 by September 1 . More than 90,000 U.S. troops have left Iraq in the past 18 months . All troops are to be out by the end of 2011 .
id: 315a92b0e8b4af1ce3ec01d0cfbe6846af546ff0
chatgpt: The United States military has estimated that there are currently 56,000 troops stationed in Iraq as of Wednesday. This news comes as President Obama has promised to draw down troop levels, with a goal of reducing the number of troops in Iraq to 50,000 by September 1st. This drawdown is part of a larger plan to completely withdraw all U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of 2011. More than 90,000 troops have already left Iraq in the past 18 months, and the military has been steadily reducing troop levels in recent years. The drawdown is largely due to the improving security situation in Iraq. Following the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq, the country was plagued by sectarian violence and insurgency. However, the situation has calmed considerably in recent years, with the Iraqi government and security forces taking a more active role in maintaining security. President Obama has been vocal about his commitment to withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq since taking office in 2009. In a speech delivered at Camp Lejeune in March of that year, he announced that all combat troops would be withdrawn from Iraq by August 2010. This deadline was ultimately extended to the end of 2011, and the president has remained committed to the withdrawal despite some opposition. The drawdown has not been without its challenges. The U.S. military has had to balance the need for continued security in Iraq with the desire to reduce troop levels. The Iraqi government has also been vocal about its desire for the U.S. to withdraw completely, with some officials arguing that the presence of U.S. troops is a hindrance to Iraqi sovereignty. Despite these challenges, the drawdown has progressed largely according to plan, with the U.S. military gradually reducing troop levels over time. The hope is that by the end of 2011, all U.S. troops will have left Iraq, marking the end of a long and controversial war. The withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq will have significant implications for both the U.S. and Iraq. For the U.S., it will mark the end of a costly and divisive war that has lasted nearly a decade. For Iraq, it will be a test of the country's ability to maintain security and stability without relying on foreign assistance. The drawdown is a significant milestone in the history of U.S.-Iraq relations, and one that will be closely watched by both domestic and international observers. As the U.S. military continues to reduce troop levels in Iraq, attention will turn to the next phase of the country's development and the challenges that lie ahead.