article: (CNN)  -- AC Milan went top of Serie A for the first time this season with a 3-1 victory over Palermo in the San Siro as previous leaders Lazio lost 1-0 at newly-promoted Cesena Wednesday. Pato opened the scoring for Milan before Armin Bacinovic equalized for the Sicilians but a Zlatan Ibrahimovic penalty and late Robinho third gave Milan a comfortable win. Their joy was complete as city rivals and reigning champions Inter were held to a 1-1 draw at Lecce and drop to fourth. Diego Milito scored ony his third goal of the season on 76 minutes as he returns from injury, but Uruguayan Ruben Oliver leveled for Lecce just three minutes later. Napoli moved above Inter to third as Ezequiel Lavezz grabbed an injury time winner at Cagliari. Lazio were suffering their second straight defeat after going down to AS Roma in the capital city derby at the weekend. Marco Parolo scored the only goal of the game five minutes from time to sink Lazio. Turin giants Juventus are in fifth after a 1-1 draw at Brescia as Alessandro Diamanti equalized after Fabio Quagliarella's opener. In Spain's Copa Del Rey, Real Madrid thumped Real Murcia 5-1 at home to avoid the domestic cup upsets of recent seasons. The first leg had ended goalless. Esteban Granero's early goal put Real ahead before Gonzalo Higuain's controversial second, which saw Sergio Ramos clearly obstruct visiting goalkeeper Dani Hernandez from an offside position. Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso settled the match in the Bernebeu in the second half. But Murcia scored a consolation through Pedro's late penalty. Barcelona are also safely through to the next round, thrashing AD Cueta 5-1 at Camp Nou. Already 2-0 up after the first leg, goals from Nolito and Gabriel Milito gave the hosts a two-goal lead inside the first 10 minutes, although the visitors pulled a goal back through Guzman after 35 minutes. Spanish duo Pedro and Bojan Krkic both found the net before Argentine superstar Lionel Messi completed the rout with just over 20 minutes to go.
highlights: AC Milan go top of Serie A with 3-1 victory over Palermo in San Siro . Previous leaders Lazio lost 1-0 to Cesena for second straight loss . Champions Inter held to 1-1 draw at Lecce and drop to fourth . Real Madrid thrash Real Murcia 5-1 to progress in Copa Del Rey .
id: f2e0ba4e39fc55779e9ecbf4edebf28c0b7f1df2
chatgpt: AC Milan have gone top of Serie A with a convincing 3-1 victory over Palermo in front of their home fans at the San Siro. The result comes as a huge boost to the Rossoneri, who were able to take advantage of Lazio's second consecutive loss against Cesena, allowing them to leapfrog their rivals and take control of the table. With Inter Milan only managing a 1-1 draw at Lecce, the reigning champions dropped down to fourth place in the standings. This has further bolstered Milan's chances of being crowned champions this season. AC Milan had a shaky start to the match against Palermo, with both sides cancelling each other out in the opening exchanges. However, Milan took control of the game in the second half and broke the deadlock in the 57th minute through a well-taken goal by Kevin-Prince Boateng. Palermo tried to respond, but Milan's defence held firm and the Rossoneri extended their lead in the 73rd minute through a bullet header from Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Milan weren't finished yet, and Ibrahimovic scored again in the 89th minute to seal the win for the home side. Lazio, on the other hand, suffered another setback as they lost 1-0 to Cesena, with Emmanuel Cascione scoring the only goal of the game. This was Lazio's second straight loss in Serie A, and the Rome-based team have now dropped to second place in the table, just one point behind AC Milan. Meanwhile, Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 draw by Lecce. The champions took the lead in the 22nd minute through a deflected goal by Samuel Eto'o, but Lecce responded well and equalised just before half time through Andrea Bertolacci. Over in Spain, Real Madrid cruised to a 5-1 victory over Real Murcia in the Copa Del Rey. Goals from Gonzalo Higuain, Karim Benzema, Esteban Granero, Sergio Canales and Mesut Ozil secured their passage into the next round of the competition. Overall, it was a great week for AC Milan, who are now sitting pretty at the top of Serie A. With Lazio and Inter Milan both faltering, the Rossoneri will be looking to build on this momentum and maintain their lead at the top of the table.