article: Napoli have stepped up their interest in signing Swansea striker Michu. The Italians are keen on a deal for the 28-year-old but want to check on his fitness following surgery on his ankle. They would like to take him on loan with view to a permanent deal if medical checks prove he has the all-clear. Out: Swansea City midfielder Michu has not travelled on their pre-season tour to the United States . On his way? Michu is rated at £15million by Swansea but Napoli would be open to an initial loan . Spanish radio reported a deal had already been agreed on Saturday but negotiations are ongoing. Swansea would not want a loan and if they agree to his departure would want a reasonable fee for a player valued at £15million last year. Napoli have also been offered QPR midfielder Adel Taarabt who was on loan at AC Milan last season. However, Milan have so far been unwilling to pay £4.5m for the Moroccan. Meanwhile, Swansea are keen to re-sign Gylfi Sigurdsson from Tottenham but the London club want £10m. Tottenham do have interest though in left-back Ben Davies and Liverpool target Michel Vorm as they seek back-up for goalkeeper Hugo Lloris. Return? Swansea are keen to bring Gylfi Sigurdsson from Tottenham back but the London club want £10m .
highlights: Napoli will take Swansea City midfielder Michu on loan with a view to making switch permanent if medical proves successful . Swansea aren't keen on loan idea and rate Michu at £15million .
id: c920ffe26c16224cb17925f0d53499cdb9b68c77
chatgpt: Napoli, the Italian football club, is reportedly set to take Swansea City midfielder Michu on loan. The loan deal includes an option to buy, which will only be exercised if the medical test proves successful. Michu joined Swansea City in 2012 from Rayo Vallecano, and has been a consistent performer for the club in the Premier League. However, the Welsh club is not too keen on the idea of loaning Michu out, and has reportedly rated the Spanish midfielder at £15 million. The price tag is likely to be a stumbling block for Napoli, who may not be willing to pay such a high amount for a player who is currently out of form and has not played regularly for the past few years.  Michu had a brilliant debut season with Swansea, scoring 18 goals in all competitions, but injuries have plagued his career since then. He spent time on loan at Napoli's Serie A rivals, SSC Napoli, before returning to Swansea last year. His contract with the Welsh club runs until 2016.  A move to Napoli could potentially offer Michu a fresh start and a chance to revive his career. The Italian club, on the other hand, could benefit from his experience and goal scoring abilities. However, it remains to be seen whether Napoli is willing to pay the price demanded by Swansea for Michu's services. The loan deal with the option to buy is a common practice in football, and many clubs have used this method to sign players in the past. It allows the buying club to test a player's suitability before making a long-term commitment. The medical test is also an important part of the procedure, as it helps to assess the player's fitness and health. All eyes will be on Napoli to see if they can strike a deal with Swansea for Michu's services. If they manage to land him, it will be interesting to see if he can recapture his form and become a key player for the Italian side.