article: (CNN) -- Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton will start Sunday's German Grand Prix from the front of the grid after a stunning lap at the end of qualifying on Saturday at the Nurburgring. The Briton's time of one minute 29.398 seconds saw him finish 0.103 seconds ahead of Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel to the delight of his German-owned team. "We were so far off this morning that we took the set-up back to where we started, tried to analyze everything and just worked really hard to improve it. I'm so grateful for the work the engineers and mechanics did for me, and it's all down to them really," Hamilton said. Reigning world champion Vettel has yet to win his home grand prix is upbeat about his chances on Sunday. "We had a good run yesterday looking at the race, so I think we have done our homework. We have put the car on the first row; it wasn't quite enough for pole position, but we should have a good race from there tomorrow," Vettel said. His teammate Mark Webber finished qualifying in third ahead of Lotus' Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean. Fernando Alonso, who is currently 21 points behind Vettel in the drivers' championship, will start in eighth. Germany's Nico Rosberg, winner at Silverstone last weekend, will start Sunday's race down in 11th place after a misjudgment by his Mercedes team who didn't send him out for a second timed lap at the end of Q2. "I didn't see it coming and we just underestimated how much the track would ramp up in terms of grip and lap time. I could have been on the front row today and that's why I'm so disappointed," Rosberg said. There were no tire problems on Saturday following six blowouts at the British Grand Prix last weekend. The Grand Prix Drivers Association has threatened to boycott Sunday's race should a repeat of last weekend's six blowouts at Silverstone occur. Formula One's official tire supplier Pirelli have modified its rear tires with a Kevlar strip to help prevent punctures.
highlights: Lewis Hamilton will start Sunday's German Grand Prix from pole position . British driver won last F1 race held at Nurburgring back in 2011 . Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel joins Hamilton on front row of grid . Mark Webber and Kimi Raikkonen will start third and fourth respectively .
id: f1cb6ae75e3a459b34d7eaeba7889955a0cd6e06
chatgpt: Lewis Hamilton secured pole position for the German Grand Prix during Saturday's qualifying session, giving himself a strong chance of victory on Sunday. The British driver, who won the last F1 race held at the Nurburgring back in 2011, put in an impressive performance to take the top spot, much to the delight of his fans around the world. Joining Hamilton on the front row of the grid is Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel, who will be hoping for a strong performance in front of a home crowd. The German driver has shown good pace all weekend and will be looking to put in a strong challenge for the win on Sunday. Starting third on the grid is Mark Webber, Vettel's teammate, who put in a solid performance during qualifying. The Australian driver will be looking to use his experience to his advantage and challenge for a podium finish. Fourth on the grid is Kimi Raikkonen, who demonstrated good form during practice on Friday, but was unable to match the pace of Hamilton and Vettel during qualifying. The Finnish driver, who has won the German Grand Prix twice before, will be hoping for a strong performance on Sunday to improve on his starting position. The top four drivers will be followed closely by the rest of the field as they battle it out for valuable championship points. The race promises to be a thrilling spectacle, with the Nurburgring providing a challenging circuit for the drivers to navigate. Hamilton will be feeling confident heading into the race, having claimed pole position and with a strong record at the Nurburgring. However, Vettel and Webber will be tough competitors and are sure to put up a fight for victory. Away from the battle for the top spots, there will be plenty of attention on the midfield battle, with teams jostling for position and crucial points in the championship race. The German Grand Prix promises to be a thrilling race, with plenty of excitement and drama expected as the drivers take on the challenging Nurburgring circuit. Fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating the action, with the battle for victory shaping up to be a fascinating contest between some of the sport's biggest names.