article: With the exception of the adventurous few, indulging in a passion for pink, lacy lingerie has been the preserve of women. Until now. One fashion firm hopes to change the way we shop for underwear with the launch of a range of racy lingerie exclusively for men. The HommeMystere collection, which includes padded bras, lacy teddies and frilly thongs with names like Jungle Fever, Moulin Rouge and Forget-me-not, is said by the firm to be 'comfortable' and 'great for all day wear'. They specialise in, they say, 'comfortable . men's panties that really do . fit, bra straps that don't fall off the shoulder, teddies that don't . ride up halfway through the night and quality soft fabrics that feel . great for all day wear'. Scroll down for video . HommeMystere send orders out in a discreetly packaged plain padded envelope . The Fun Teddy sleepsuit is a 'lovely soft fabric teddy for men' and a 'full cut that stays in place' priced £35.70 . The Australian label - which has distributors in the UK and U.S. - say attractive undergarments feel great and make dressing more fun and enjoyable for men. They say they understand that men want 'quality lingerie style underwear made with care, attention to detail' that fits your body perfectly'. The brand itself not new but has gained a recent surge of publicity thanks to a video of its recent runway show at the International Fashion Show in Las Vegas which took place this month. The video features an array of pouting men modelling the range, strutting up and down the catwalk clenching their buttocks, doing body rolls and posing. While cross-dressing is not specific to sexual preferences, HommeMystere's advertising images are of men and women posing as a couple. In their FAQ section they address this, saying they cater to all customers - whether straight or gay. 'We provide our lingerie for guys,' they say. 'We are not concerned if you are gay, straight, vegetarian, . republican, anglican, martian or any other persuasion. 'We just design and manufacture attractive luxury underwear for men.' They ship to anywhere in the world for $5.00, and 'always respect your privacy by being as discreet as possible'. HommeMystere have an enlightening FAQ section . HommeMystere Lingerie at the International Fashion Show in Las Vegas, April 2013 . The men's Rose bra with padded cups comes in at £28.43. They also do matching Rose panties . The ruffle G-string, at £8.33, is made from polyester and spandex. A 'very sexy item'
highlights: Established brand caused media storm after video from Vegas surfaced . HommeMystere sell frilly G-strings and lace teddies for men . Adverts portray clients as straight men - but company says it 'caters to all' Australian firm with distributors in UK and US ship internationally for $5 .
id: 7f371b07c7ff80f488d9edd4517d0b9f6d5d8e37
chatgpt: HommeMystere, a lingerie brand that caters to men, has caused a media storm following the release of a video from Vegas. The Australian firm, which has distributors in the UK and US, has been shipping its frilly G-strings and lace teddies internationally for a mere $5. The controversy began after footage of HommeMystere’s advertising campaign surfaced on social media. The advertisements depict masculine men donning the lingerie, which is marketed for “straight men”. Critics argue that the ads are misleading, stating that the company is attempting to pass off a traditionally feminine product as masculine. However, HommeMystere has defended its product line, stating that it caters to all individuals, regardless of their sexual orientation. The brand’s founder, Brent Krause, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, “We’re not forcing anything, we’re not saying we only make lingerie for straight men. We’re just making lingerie for people. We just want to be inclusive.” While the lingerie market is typically geared towards women, there has been an emergence of male lingerie brands in recent years. These brands, including HommeMystere, seek to provide men with the opportunity to explore their sexuality in a safe and comfortable manner. Despite the criticism, HommeMystere’s sales have continued to skyrocket. The brand’s unique product line and affordable international shipping options have attracted customers from all corners of the globe. Krause told news sources that the brand has received positive feedback from individuals who have struggled to find lingerie that fits their body type and comfort level. The growing acceptance of male lingerie has also been attributed to changes in societal norms and attitudes towards gender roles. As traditional gender roles become less rigid, individuals are increasingly embracing non-traditional forms of self-expression. HommeMystere’s marketing strategy may be considered bold by some, but the brand’s success proves that there is a market for non-traditional lingerie. As the popularity of male lingerie continues to grow, we may see an increase in brands catering to this emerging market.