article: Lawyers are scheduled to make opening statements Thursday at the trial of an Arizona woman accused of fatally bludgeoning her husband over the head with a hammer as he slept. Marissa Suzanne Devault, 36, claims killing Dale Harrell was an act of self-defense and told investigators that her husband had physically and sexually abused her in the past. But authorities contend the January 2009 attack on Harrell was premeditated and say Devault has given conflicting accounts of her husband's death. Authorities also say the people Devault alleged were witnesses to the past abuse did not back up her claims. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty. Scroll down for video . Marissa Suzanne Devault, 36: She claims killing Dale Harrell was an act of self-defense and told investigators that her husband had physically and sexually abused her in the past . Dale Harrell, 34: He suffered multiple skull fractures at the couple's home in the Phoenix suburb of Gilbert and died at a hospice nearly a month after the attack of complications from his head injuries . Harrell, 34, suffered multiple skull fractures at the couple's home in the Phoenix suburb of Gilbert and died at a hospice nearly a month after the attack of complications from his head injuries. Devault initially told investigators that her husband had attacked her while she was asleep and choked her until she was unconscious. She also told police that when she came to, she saw another man who lived at their home beating Harrell with a hammer. But authorities say bloodstain patterns showed Harrell was alone in the bed at the time of the attack and that bloodstains on Devault's clothes were consistent with a person swinging an object repeatedly over her head. Investigators say Devault later confessed, saying she attacked her sleeping husband in a rage after he had sexually assaulted her. Confession: Devault initially told investigators that her husband had attacked her while she was asleep and choked her until she was unconscious. She also told police that when she came to, she saw another man who lived at their home beating Harrell with a hammer . Police say they later discovered Devault had been dating another man, Allen Flores, for more than two years. In a search of Flores' computer, police say they found a journal that appeared to be written from Flores' perspective indicating that he had given Devault about $7,000 and that she used it to hire a hit man, according to court records. Authorities say child pornography also was found on Flores' computer. County prosecutors granted Flores immunity on that allegation in exchange for his testimony in the murder case. Without such an agreement, Flores was expected to invoke his right against self-incrimination.
highlights: Marissa Suzanne Devault says that years of physical and sexual abuse led her to kill him . Investigators say Dale Arrell was sleeping in bed when she attacked him . Police say Devault originally told them a bogus story, but when confronted with evidence, she finally admitted that she killed him .
id: 6c53608b749d5b4c0ddea514e5a15fd0d8662be7
chatgpt: Marissa Suzanne Devault, a 36-year-old woman from Arizona, has recently admitted to killing her husband, Dale Arrell. Devault claimed that years of physical and sexual abuse drove her to commit the crime. According to investigators, the incident occurred in 2009, when Arrell was found in bed with his face beaten beyond recognition. Devault initially told police that Arrell was attacked by a workman who then sexually assaulted her, but investigators found evidence that pointed to Devault being the real attacker. After being confronted with the evidence, Devault finally admitted that she had killed her husband. She claimed that she had been subjected to years of physical and sexual abuse by Arrell, and that she acted in self-defense. However, prosecutors argued that there was no evidence to support Devault's claim of abuse and that she had a motive to kill Arrell due to their rocky marital relationship. The trial was a highly publicized one, with both the prosecution and defense presenting their case. The defense argued that Devault suffered from PTSD and battered spouse syndrome and that Arrell's abuse had pushed her to the edge. Meanwhile, the prosecution argued that Devault meticulously planned the murder as a way to gain access to Arrell's wealth. Ultimately, the jury found Devault guilty of first-degree murder, and she was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. During the trial, Devault remained quiet and expressionless, leaving many to wonder about her motives and the truth behind her story of abuse. In an interview conducted after the trial, Arrell's family expressed their dismay at Devault's claims of abuse, stating that they had never seen any evidence of it. They also stated that Arrell was a loving husband and father and that his murder had left a void in their lives that could never be filled. The case of Marissa Suzanne Devault serves as a grim reminder of the dangers of staying in abusive relationships and the lengths that some people may go to seek revenge. While Devault may have claimed to have acted in self-defense, justice was eventually served, and Arrell's family is finally able to find some comfort in knowing that his killer is behind bars.