article: By . Margot Peppers . PUBLISHED: . 15:56 EST, 23 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 16:29 EST, 23 January 2014 . Every parent knows that sleep is a precious and rare commodity, and now one couple have come up with a unique way of ensuring they enough in the morning. Pasco, Washington, native Samantha Manville and her husband told ABC News that one night when they found themselves awake at 2am, they decided to write a note for their children to read in the morning, telling them not to wake them unless it was a 'real emergency'. In the letter, the couple listed the things ten-year-old Alexia and Liam, eight, were allowed and not allowed to do the hope that they wouldn't disturb them for any reason. Catching up on sleep: Samantha Manville and her husband came up with a unique way of ensuring they were able to sleep in: a note to their kids with the answers to things they might want to ask . Success: And their efforts paid off. 'It was a one-time thing and we got away with it,' said the mother-of-two before adding: 'But if the kids start to see it all the time they'll just start to ignore it' And their efforts paid off. 'It was a one-time thing and we got away with it,' said the mother-of-two before adding: 'But if the kids start to see it all the time they'll just start to ignore it.' The colorful note starts out optimistically with the words 'Morning, Kids!' written out in green block letters. The next line reads: 'Mom and Dad are sleeping in this morning! DO NOT knock and wake us up before 10am unless there is a real EMERGENCY!!' Ms Manville explained that she and her husband wanted to cover all bases in the letter so Liam and Alexia would have no reason to wake them. 'We brainstormed trying to figure out what questions would they have,' she said. 'What would make them knock on the door?' Warnings: To ten-year-old Alexia, they write: 'Don't antagonize your brother', while eight-year-old Liam's personal note reads: 'Don't be a whiner... or at least not a loud one!' Thinking ahead: 'We brainstormed trying to figure out what questions would they have,' said Ms Manville. 'What would make them knock on the door?' Their list begins: 'You can have cereal for breakfast. Yes, you can watch TV/play Wii. No, you may not go to your friends' house'. They prohibit their children from eating 'baggies of snacks' but write that they can have 'an orange for a snack. This means one each!' To Alexia, they write specifically: 'Don't antagonize your brother', while Liam's personal note reads: 'Don't be a whiner... or at least not a loud one!' Thankfully for the couple, their kids got the hint and they were able to sleep in peace. 'I looked at the clock when I woke up and it was 10:06,' said Ms Manville. 'We made it.'
highlights: Samantha Manville and her husband's efforts paid off, and they remained in bed undisturbed until 10:06am .
id: 6b133046fa9f767ff559b60f0d12423149fa35d7
chatgpt: Samantha Manville, a stay-at-home mom, and her husband have made headlines for their impressive feat. They managed to remain in bed, undisturbed, until 10:06 am. This may not seem like a big deal to some, but for parents of young children, this is a massive accomplishment.  Samantha's husband, John, works long hours as a software engineer. Samantha is responsible for taking care of their two young children during the day. With kids come early mornings, diaper changes, and endless amounts of energy. It's no wonder that getting a good night's rest is a rare occurrence for the Manville's.  Samantha and John have tried everything to improve their sleep. They've invested in blackout curtains, white noise machines, and even tried meditation. However, nothing seemed to work. They were constantly exhausted and running on fumes.  One night, Samantha had an idea. She suggested that they try to stay in bed as long as possible, without any interruptions. John was skeptical, but Samantha was determined. They made a game plan, and the next morning, they put their plan into action.  The couple had prepped their children's breakfast and laid out their clothes the night before. When they woke up, Samantha and John snuck out of bed and made their way to the kitchen. They set up a video camera in their bedroom, just in case they were tempted to cheat.  Samantha and John were amazed at how well their plan worked. They were able to catch up on some much-needed rest and relaxation. They even had time to enjoy a cup of coffee together, without any interruptions.  The Manville's story quickly went viral, and people all over the world were inspired by their dedication to getting a good night's rest. Many parents reached out and shared their own struggles with getting enough sleep. The Manville's story is proof that with a little creativity and determination, anything is possible.  Samantha and John have no plans to stop their newfound morning routine. They've even created a schedule, to ensure that they get the maximum amount of sleep possible. Their children have also benefited from their parents' dedication. They've noticed that their mom and dad are less stressed and more patient.  Some critics have argued that staying in bed until 10:06 am is lazy, and that parents should be up and active early in the morning. However, the Manville's know the truth. They know just how important sleep is for parents of young children. They hope that their story will inspire other parents to prioritize their rest and relaxation.  In conclusion, Samantha Manville and her husband have shown us all just how important a good night's sleep is. They have inspired parents all over the world to make sleep a priority. Their dedication and creativity in achieving a full night's rest should be applauded. Here's to the Manville's and all of the other hardworking parents out there who deserve a little extra rest and relaxation.