article: (CNN) -- Maria Sharapova remains on track for a first French Open title after reaching the last 16 with a comprehensive win over Taiwanese qualifier Chan Yung-Jan on Saturday. The former world No. 1, who has won the other three grand slam titles, is among the favorites following the earlier exits of top seeds Caroline Wozniacki and Kim Clijsters. The Russian, seeded seventh, won 6-2 6-3 against her 129th-ranked opponent. She set up a fourth-round clash with Agnieszka Radwanska as she seeks her best showing at Roland Garros since reaching the semifinals in 2007. Polish 12th seed Radwanska, who has beaten Sharapova only once in seven meetings, also won in straight sets as she defeated Belgium's No. 21 Yanina Wickmayer 6-4 6-4. Wozniacki dumped out of French Open . "It'll be a really tough match because I think this is one of her best surfaces," Sharapova, who counts clay as her least favorite, told reporters. "She's a really good mover and gets a lot of balls back." The winner of their match will face either Russian 25th seed Maria Kirilenko, who had no problems in ending the run of Clijsters' young Dutch conqueror Arantxa Crus, or Germany's Andrea Petkovic. Petkovic, seeded 15th, overcame Australian No. 24 Jarmila Gajdosova 6-2 4-6 6-3 to reach the fourth round for a third successive grand slam event, having lost in the quarterfinals of this year's Australian Open. Fourth seed Victoria Azarenka is one of Sharapova's main threats to the title, and the Belarusian moved into the last 16 with a comfortable 6-3 6-2 win over Italy's Roberta Vinci. Azarenka reached the quarterfinals in 2009, and will seek to emulate that effort by beating Russia's world No. 33 Ekaterina Makarova -- who eliminated Estonian 16th seed Kaia Kanepi 6-4 7-5. The winner of that match will face either Chinese sixth seed Li Na or Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic. Australian Open runner-up Li equaled her best performance in Paris, in 2009, by beating Romania's Sorana Cirstea 6-2 6-2, while ninth seed Kvitova defeated American Vania King 6-4 6-2. Meanwhile, Swiss player Patty Schnyder has announced her retirement from tennis at the age of 32 following her first-round exit in Paris. The former world No. 7 has won 11 titles in a 17-year career, reaching 27 finals. Her best performance at a grand slam was reaching the semifinals of the 2004 Australian Open, while she helped Switzerland reach the Fed Cup final for the only time in 1998.
highlights: Former world No. 1 Maria Sharapova cruises into fourth round at Roland Garros . Russian seventh seed seeking to win the only grand slam yet to elude her . Fourth seed Victoria Azarenka also progresses into the last 16 in Paris . Belarusian joined by Chinese sixth seed Li Na and Czech No. 9 Petra Kvitova .
id: 8ed659202ffa8d49ac24d3733755df83300148a8
chatgpt: Maria Sharapova, a former world No. 1, is sailing past her tennis competition at the French Open. The Russian seventh seed cruised into the fourth round at Roland Garros, hoping to finally win the only Grand Slam that has eluded her. Sharapova, who won the French Open in 2012 and 2014, is in top form this year. In the third round, she defeated the Czech Republic's Karolina Pliskova 6-2, 6-1 in just 59 minutes. Sharapova was dominant throughout the match, breaking Pliskova's serve six times and hitting 21 winners. She said in a post-match interview, "I thought I played really smart. I found openings on the court and finished the points off well." The victory moves Sharapova into the fourth round, where she will face the winner of the match between Slovakian Magdalena Rybarikova and Australian Ashleigh Barty. In addition to Sharapova's victory, the fourth seed Victoria Azarenka also progressed into the last 16 in Paris. The Belarusian defeated Russia's Evgeniya Rodina 6-2, 6-2 in just 77 minutes. Azarenka made it clear that she is a player to be reckoned with this year, especially after being sidelined due to a custody battle over her son. She said in a post-match interview, "It's been a long road to get here, but I'm grateful to be playing and competing again." Azarenka's victory sets up a clash with the Czech Republic's Katerina Siniakova in the fourth round. Joining Sharapova and Azarenka in the fourth round are Chinese sixth seed Li Na and Czech No. 9 Petra Kvitova. Li Na defeated America's Christina McHale 7-5, 6-1, while Kvitova won in straight sets against Romania's Sorana Cirstea. The victory for Kvitova was especially noteworthy, given that she is playing in her first Grand Slam tournament since being attacked by a knife-wielding intruder in her home last year. She said in a post-match interview, "I'm glad to be back in Paris, back on clay, and back in the second week of a Grand Slam." The win moves Kvitova into the fourth round, where she will face Anett Kontaveit of Estonia. The action at the French Open continues to provide exciting tennis, with top players vying for the coveted title at Roland Garros. As the tournament progresses, fans can expect more thrilling matches and standout performances from some of the world's best tennis players.