article: (Financial Times) -- HSBC is gearing up for thousands more job cuts, with Europe's biggest bank by market value set to outline the next stage in its strategic overhaul at an investor day in two months' time. "There is no fantastical new strategy out there," said one person familiar with the bank's planning. "But there's still huge potential to be more efficient." Stuart Gulliver, HSBC's chief executive, said when he announced annual results last week that he would "fixate on costs" over the coming year and promised to find a further $1bn of annual savings in 2013. The job cuts target has still to be fixed but people close to the bank suggested up to 5,000 staff could go as part of the $1bn savings plan. If HSBC maintained the recent rate of staff cuts to cost savings, the number would be closer to 10,000. Mr Gulliver, in charge since early 2011, has spent the past two years trying to streamline HSBC's global network of fiefdoms, both in order to impose more control from head office in London and to strip out overlaps and inefficiencies. HSBC has already exceeded its target of finding $2.5-$3.5bn of cost savings by 2013, announcing $3.6bn of "sustainable annual savings" with its 2012 results. But the bank remains as far as ever from a related target -- to cut the bank's elevated cost-income ratio to between 48 and 52 per cent. Last year the ratio, which measures overheads as a proportion of revenue, spiralled upwards to 62.8 per cent. The number was inflated by the one-off cost of paying a $1.9bn fine to US regulators over money laundering and sanctions abuses. But even with that stripped out the cost-income ratio was still 56 per cent, as revenue numbers were held back by anaemic economic growth in much of the world. The details of Mr Gulliver's plan are set to be outlined to investors in May. The bank is expected to close or sell a further eight to 10 businesses this year and next, in addition to the 49 already divested since 2011. The new job cuts will come in addition to a sharp reduction of staff numbers -- from 302,000 to 260,000 -- over the past two years. About 10,000 of the headcount reduction so far has been the result of divestments, with the rest due to cuts. But according to people involved in planning the investor day, the tally of cuts could be more dramatic still if Mr Gulliver presses ahead with plans to uproot HSBC's tradition of in-house software development. The number of staff working in that area is already estimated to have been trimmed from 27,000 to about 21,000. But many more are likely to go as the bank shifts towards an outsourcing approach. Bankers said contraction was likely to be gradual and would be offset to an extent by the creation of new jobs as HSBC pushes aggressively into new technology areas, such as mobile banking. © The Financial Times Limited 2013 .
highlights: HSBC is gearing up for thousands more job cuts . People close to the bank say up to 5,000 staff could go as part of a $1bn savings plan .
id: 1d349441c903b2958e959ea2f30f358197a9a77d
chatgpt: HSBC, the UK's biggest bank by assets, is reportedly preparing to axe up to 5,000 jobs as part of a $1bn cost-cutting plan. According to insiders, the job cuts are part of the bank's ongoing effort to reduce its costs and boost profits. HSBC has reportedly been struggling to boost profits in recent years, due in part to a punishing low-interest-rate environment and intense competition in the banking sector. As part of its cost-cutting efforts, the bank has already cut thousands of jobs in recent years and closed branches across the UK and elsewhere. However, insiders say that the latest round of job cuts could be even more significant than previous rounds, as the bank seeks to streamline its operations and boost its bottom line. The cuts are expected to hit a range of departments across the bank, from back-office functions to customer-facing roles. Some analysts have expressed concern that the job cuts could have a negative impact on the bank's long-term growth prospects. However, others have argued that the cuts are a necessary step in order for the bank to remain competitive in a rapidly changing banking landscape. One potential area of concern is the impact of the cuts on customer service. With fewer staff on hand to deal with customer queries and issues, there is a risk that HSBC's customer service levels could suffer. However, the bank has said that it is committed to ensuring that its customers continue to receive high levels of service, despite the cuts. The news of the job cuts comes as HSBC faces increasing scrutiny from regulators and the media. The bank has been hit by a series of scandals in recent years, including allegations of money laundering and its involvement in the Libor rate-rigging scandal. Despite these challenges, HSBC has remained one of the UK's biggest and most influential banking institutions. The bank has a large presence in Asia and other emerging markets, and is seen as a key player in the global financial system. The job cuts are just the latest in a series of measures that HSBC has taken in order to slash costs and improve profitability. The bank has also announced plans to sell off non-core assets and focus on its core business lines, in a bid to simplify its operations. However, some analysts have argued that the bank needs to do more in order to address the underlying issues that are holding back its growth. They point to the need for greater innovation and investment in new technologies, as well as a more focused approach to customer service and relationship building. Overall, the news of the job cuts is likely to be met with mixed reactions from investors and analysts. While many will welcome the bank's efforts to improve profitability and streamline its operations, others may be concerned about the potential impact of the cuts on the bank's long-term growth prospects. only time will tell how effective the cost-cutting measures will be, and whether they will help HSBC to remain a prominent player in the global banking sector.