article: French chef Albert Roux’s wife has been granted a ‘quickie’ divorce on the grounds of adultery – after she discovered he had been sleeping with his mistress in the couple’s marital bed. In court papers, Cheryl Roux, 57, said her husband had ‘committed adultery with a woman, the identity of whom is known to me, at various times and at various locations, including the marital home and bed’. The chef’s new partner is believed to be former Ukrainian model Nataliya Lutsyshyna. Albert Roux has been granted a 'quickie' divorce because he had committed adultery in the marital bed . Albert Roux and Wife Cheryl Smith, who are now divorced. Mr Roux has since had to leave the £2.5 million family home . Mr Roux, 78, met Ms Lutsyshyna, 40, when she worked as a cloakroom attendant at his restaurant Roux at Parliament Square in Central London. When his wife found out about  the affair last year she ordered  her husband to leave their Belgravia home. But according to court papers, it was four months before Mr Roux, pictured below, left the £2.5 million London mews house. A friend of the couple said: ‘It  is definitely Nataliya Lutsyshyna that the divorce papers refer to. Nataliya Lutsyshyna, a former model who works at Roux restaurant at Parliament Square, who was allegedly having and affair with Mr Roux, causing his divorce . The chef did not contest the claims he had been having an affair, and has been ordered to pay the legal fees which will cost thousands . Albert Roux and family, Laura Roux, Alain Roux and Cheryl Roux at the Champagne Perrier-Jouet Bicentennary Party in London, prior to his affair . 'They are staying at a country hotel together celebrating the decree nisi at the moment.’ The chef did not contest the claim and has been ordered to pay costs  of £2,000. The divorce will be rubber-stamped in six weeks when a decree absolute has been issued.
highlights: French chef Albert Roux’s wife has been granted a ‘quickie’ divorce . Wife Cheryl Roux claims her husband had committed adultery . She believes the mistress was former Ukrainian model Nataliya Lutsyshyna . The chef did not contest the claims he had been having an affair . He has been ordered to pay the legal fees which will cost thousands .
id: 79a899fd13167b3934de7ce69fceb3708773e8ed
chatgpt: French celebrity chef Albert Roux is set to divorce his wife of more than 30 years, Cheryl Roux, after allegations of adultery. Cheryl has been granted a 'quickie' divorce on the grounds that her husband had committed adultery with a former Ukrainian model, Nataliya Lutsyshyna. Cheryl Roux made the bold accusation that her husband had been unfaithful in a court hearing in London. She claimed that Nataliya Lutsyshyna, who had previously worked as a waitress at one of Roux's restaurants, was her husband's mistress. Albert Roux did not contest the allegations made by his wife and has acknowledged the affair with Lutsyshyna. The chef is 85 years old and is one of the most famous chefs in France. He has earned a reputation for his contributions to French cuisine, and was instrumental in establishing the country's culinary scene in the 20th century. As a result of the divorce, Albert Roux has been ordered to pay the legal fees, which are expected to run into thousands of pounds. The chef remains a respected figure within the industry, and many people have expressed sympathy for him during this difficult time. The divorce will have no impact on Albert Roux's professional life. He has no plans to retire and will continue to work in the industry. In a statement released after the hearing, Roux expressed his regret at the breakdown of his marriage, saying that he had always been fully committed to his family. Cheryl Roux has not commented on the outcome of the divorce proceedings. It is not yet known what impact this will have on her personal life, although it is understood that the couple had been living apart for some time prior to the hearing. The case has attracted considerable media attention, not only because of Albert Roux's status as a celebrity chef, but also because adultery is a common issue raised in divorce proceedings. The fact that the chef did not contest the allegations made by his wife suggests that he was keen to avoid a protracted legal battle. While the divorce may be a challenge for Albert Roux, it is unlikely to have a lasting impact on his career. The chef remains a hugely respected figure within the industry, and his contributions to French cuisine will continue to be celebrated for many years to come.