article: By . Paul Revoir . Last updated at 11:05 PM on 28th December 2011 . For most of us, the only recycling this Christmas involved large piles of wrapping paper. But the BBC took things to a whole new level by re-using many of its biggest Christmas shows days – and in some cases, hours – after they first aired. Viewers were shocked to see shows such as Strictly Come Dancing and The Gruffalo’s Child, which aired on Christmas Day, reappear on BBC1 on Boxing Day. Repeat: The Gruffalo's Child, pictured, was aired on both Christmas Day and Boxing Day . The festive episode of Doctor Who was not far behind as viewers were hit with it for a second time, just two days after it premiered on December 25. The Christmas Eve episode of Winter Wipeout was on again on Boxing Day and another hotly anticipated Christmas Day show, Absolutely Fabulous, will be screened tonight. Even one of the biggest films was being given a second outing – The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, Witch and the Wardrobe, which aired on BBC1 on Christmas Eve, is on BBC3 tomorrow night. Was this the worst Christmas ever on the BBC? ITV gave shows such as Michael Buble: Home For Christmas and The Jonathan Ross Show more than one showing, and the Christmas Day special of Downton Abbey will be screened again on New Year’s Day. But viewers singled out the BBC for recycling so much of their new output over the festive period. As well as its big  Christmas Day shows, the corporation also aired cookery shows The Hairy Bikers’ Christmas Party, Rick Stein’s Spanish Christmas and Lorraine’s Last Minute Christmas only 15 hours after their first slot. Viewers have also complained that this year’s festive line-up was one of the worst in recent memory. Shows such as the return of Absolutely Fabulous  did not live up to many people’s expectations and the new Sir David Jason comedy was another disappointment. As well, the Downton Abbey special on Christmas Day did not get the huge ratings many were expecting. One viewer wrote on the BBC’s message board: ‘What’s with all the repeats? On Boxing Day you repeated Strictly from Christmas Day, Winter Wipeout from Christmas Eve, not to  mention the numerous repeats of the Morecambe and Wise Specials. ‘There is no need to repeat programmes now as  most people have access to a digital recorder… can’t you spend the licence fee on some new programmes instead.’ A BBC spokesman  said: ‘We never repeat prime-time shows in the same slot. ‘This Christmas has seen brand new shows in  drama, factual, entertainment and religion. ‘Over 91 per cent of programming on peak-time on BBC1 is brand new and has never been shown before.’
highlights: Strictly Come Dancing and The Gruffalo’s Child aired on both Christmas Day and Boxing Day . ITV follows suit as Christmas Day special of Downton Abbey will be screened again on New Year’s Day .
id: 0a4cc144ed31ef5ea775cbbb72cd0ad6d449dce1
chatgpt: The holiday season is always a busy time for TV channels as they line up their best and most entertaining shows to keep audiences glued to their screens. As has become tradition in recent years, BBC and ITV battled it out for audiences over the Christmas period, with Strictly Come Dancing and The Gruffalo’s Child headlining on both Christmas Day and Boxing Day.  Strictly Come Dancing, the popular dance competition show, aired a special Christmas themed edition of the show with all the glitz and glamour viewers have come to expect. The show was packed with some dazzling dance moves from its contestants, including winner Bill Bailey and the Runner up, Jamie Laing. The Judges, Shirley Ballas, Motsi Mabuse and Craig Revel Horwood, kept the audience entertained with their witty comments and critical analysis of the performances. Other contributors included comedian Judi Love, reality TV star Jamie Laing, and musical guests such as Robbie Williams and Idina Menzel. Overall, the BBC’s hit show offered everything its loyal viewers expected and more over the festive period. On the same front, The Gruffalo's Child followed up an equally successful festive run last year as the animated adaptation of Julia Donaldson's children's book returned for another showing. The film tells the story of the adventurous Gruffalo's child and her journey through the woods in search of the infamous "Big Bad Mouse," providing viewers with a magical and heartwarming experience. The inclusion of the film on both Christmas Day and Boxing Day shows just how much audiences have come to love the animated classic. Over on ITV, the network put up an equally strong performance with a special airing of Downton Abbey on Christmas Day. The show has become synonymous with the holiday season, and it was no surprise when Annie Lennox performed during the special episode, which aired to rave reviews. As if that was not enough, ITV recently announced that the Christmas Day special will be screened again on New Year's Day, much to the delight of fans who missed its initial showing. The TV battle is now a long-standing tradition with both broadcasters offering a competitive and quality lineup of shows. This year’s festive season did not disappoint, with both BBC and ITV offering a wide range of options to keep viewers interested. While Christmas 2020 is now behind us, audiences will be eagerly anticipating what next year has in store for us.