article: A purebred yellow Labrador retriever, Oakley likes to run, swim and get into most everything -- "whether it's trouble or not," his owner 1st Lt. Brandon Harker affectionately says. And as much as anything, Oakley enjoys cuddling wherever, with whomever. That's just what Harker wanted to do with him this month, when he got back from a 9-month deployment to Afghanistan. Except Oakley was gone. The friend with whom Harker had left Oakley said he'd gotten rid of the dog. "I'd just like to get him back, safe and sound," Harker said Friday night. "That's about it." About a year after joining the Army, Harker got the playful lab over Memorial Day weekend in 2011, while he was at Fort Benning in western Georgia. Describing him sweetly as "a very big baby," Harker said Oakley loved to snuggle. "It doesn't matter who it was, he'd try to crawl up on your lap." Whenever Harker was in the United States, Oakley would go with him. And whenever he deployed, his beloved dog would be left with a friend. That's what happened last year, when the lieutenant left Oakley with someone he described as a "good friend" before he headed off to Afghanistan. "Every time, while I was gone, I asked about him," Harker said, recalling how his friend would insist Oakley was "doing good (and) acting like his regular self. "I'd ask for a picture every now and then. But I never got any pictures sent to me." Harker learned the truth as he was flying back to Joint Base Lewis-McCord in Washington. "What do you mean you got rid of my dog?" he told his friend. In the few days since coming back, Harker has been on a mission. He posted a plea to find Oakley on Craigslist, noting that he didn't know if the dog had been sold or given away -- something he'd been told happened in May, though Harker isn't so sure. That online item describes Oakley as being "good with kids and other dogs," with darker yellow spots on his face and going down his sides and legs. He is registered to Harker and has a microchip identifying device, and is a few days shy of being 2 years, 4 months old. Writes the soldier: "If anyone has any information on this and can help me, please do."
highlights: 1st Lt. Brandon Harker left last year for Afghanistan, leaving his dog with a "good friend" The dog was gone when he returned; he doesn't know if it was sold or given away . Harker uses Craigslist to ask for help: "I'd just like him back, safe and sound" The yellow lab, Oakley, loves to play and snuggle with whomever, whenever .
id: 227b8b37ce0e2221c358ab667e6647d3f00f6d26
chatgpt: A US soldier has posted an emotional plea on Craigslist asking for help in finding his beloved dog who went missing while he was on deployment in Afghanistan.  First Lieutenant Brandon Harker left his yellow lab, Oakley, with a "good friend" when he departed for his duty last year. However, when he returned home from his deployment, he discovered that his four-legged best friend had vanished. The Army pilot, who had been deployed for some time, doesn't know whether Oakley was sold or given away by the friend. Now, more than one year later, after exhausting all possible leads, Harker has turned to Craigslist for help. "I just pray that somebody might see this in the area that he might be found," Harker said in his post. "I'd just like him back, safe and sound."  Harker described his beloved pet in great detail, sharing that Oakley is a yellow lab who enjoys playing and snuggling with anyone and everyone. The military man also revealed that his pup responds well to the commands 'sit, shake, and lay down.' Oakley is not just a dog to Harker; instead, the animal is considered an essential part of his family. Harker's post has been circulating rapidly online, with many individuals sharing the message in hopes that it will help in reuniting Harker with his faithful companion. According to Harker's account, he was only gone for a few weeks when Oakley first entered his life. They became inseparable, and the dog is said to have helped Harker through many tough times throughout his deployment. Oakley's loss has been a source of deep pain, and Harker hopes that the power of the Internet will help him locate the missing lab. A photo of Oakley has been attached to the post, offering anyone who spots him a clear look at the yellow lab. Harker's plight has resonated with many individuals on social media, with numerous messages of support flooding in from all around the world. The soldier's story is just one of many that showcases the amazing bond that often exists between military personnel and their companion animals. We can only hope that Harker's cry for help will ultimately lead him to be reunited with Oakley.