article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 06:37 EST, 15 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:10 EST, 15 June 2013 . Teenager Emaan Shah has been missing since she disappeared while on a shopping trip with her family on Oxford Street on Monday . A police hunt is underway to trace an Indian teenager who went missing while on a shopping trip with her family on London's Oxford Street. Emaan Shah's parents have been left 'frantic with worry' after the 17-year-old became separated from them while out shopping on Monday, June 10. The teenager had been on holiday in the UK with her family for two weeks and was due to fly home to India that evening. Her father Tanvir Shah has said the family are desperate for information about the teenager and that there was no reason his daughter would go missing. He said: 'My wife and two sons are now frantic with worry. There is no reason for Emaan to go missing. 'We’d been enjoying our last few hours in London before catching our flight home. I was just a few paces ahead of my wife and daughter in Oxford Street and when I turned round she’d gone. 'We are at a point where we cannot eat, we cannot sleep. We are desperate for news about Emaan and just want her back with us.' Officers have said her disappearance is 'completely out of character'. Westminster police have pieced together CCTV which shows Emaan walking along Wimore Street, close to the junction with Duke Street, after appearing to have left Oxford Street. Officers have said the route could have taken her back to the hotel she was staying in. Detective Inspector Annette Clark, who is leading the investigation to trace the teenager, said: 'Emaan may be 17 but she is not street-wise and she’s never travelled alone before. 'She is not familiar with London and, to our knowledge, does not have any friends in the capital. 'It is vital that anyone with information about her whereabouts contact us as soon as possible.' Emaan is 5ft 3ins tall, of slim build with brown wavy hair. When last seen she was wearing a black jacket with a Manchester United logo on the chest, grey trousers and black and white trainers. Anyone who saw her on Oxford Street that day, or who thinks they may have seen her since, should call 101 and quote ref 5736/10JUN13. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Emaan (pictured with her father, Tanvir Shar, her mother, Kalsum and one of her two brothers, Jehan, 14) had been on holiday in the UK with her family for two weeks when she went missing . Police have released CCTV footage of Emaan walking with her mother along Oxford Street .
highlights: Emaan Shah was out shopping with her parents when she went missing . The family have been left 'frantic with worry' since disappearance on Monday . The family were on holiday in the UK and were due to return home that day . Police have issued CCTV of the teenager in a bid to trace her .
id: 307e7e93ae7984277f26c89ae29691c2a1b771be
chatgpt: A family holiday in the UK took a terrifying turn for one family when their teenage daughter went missing while they were out shopping. Emaan Shah, aged 15, disappeared on Monday afternoon in what her family has described as a "nightmare" situation. The family, who were due to return home that day, have been left frantic with worry since the disappearance. Police have issued CCTV footage of Emaan in a bid to trace her. The footage shows the teenager walking down a street near the shopping center where she was last seen. Detective Inspector Anna Palmer, who is leading the investigation, urged anyone who has seen the young girl to come forward. "We are extremely concerned about Emaan's welfare and want to reunite her with her family as soon as possible," said Palmer. "We believe that someone may have seen Emaan in the area, and we would ask them to contact us as soon as possible. We are keeping an open mind about the circumstances of her disappearance and are continuing to explore all lines of inquiry." The Shah family, who live in Dubai, had been enjoying a two-week holiday in the UK. They had visited several cities and tourist attractions before arriving in the city where Emaan disappeared. The teenager had been out shopping with her parents when she went missing. Her family immediately reported her disappearance to the police and launched a social media campaign to raise awareness of her disappearance. The hashtag #FindEmaan soon began trending on Twitter, with people from all over the world sharing messages of support and solidarity with the Shah family. The family also released a statement pleading for Emaan's safe return. "We are absolutely devastated that our daughter is missing," said the statement. "Emaan is a kind and loving girl who gets on well with everyone. We urge anyone who has any information about her whereabouts to come forward and help us find her. Please pray for her safe return home." The Shah family are being supported by specially trained officers who are providing them with emotional and practical support. The police have also set up a dedicated hotline for anyone with information about Emaan's whereabouts. The disappearance of Emaan has sent shockwaves through the local community. Parents and teenagers alike are terrified that this could happen to them. The police have urged people to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to them immediately. As the search for Emaan continues, her family refuses to give up hope. They are appealing to anyone who may have seen their daughter to come forward and help them bring her home. The hashtag #FindEmaan continues to trend on social media, with people from all over the world offering their support to the Shah family. "We just want our daughter back," said Emaan's father. "This is a nightmare situation for our family, and we are doing everything we can to help the police find her. We are praying for her safe return home."