article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 07:09 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:22 EST, 19 September 2013 . Police have launched an investigation after the body of a newborn baby was found at a waste management plant in Bradford last night. Detectives have urged the mother of the child to come forward amid concerns for her health after the boy was found at the Associated Waste Management plant in Shipley, West Yorkshire. A post mortem is to take place later today to establish how the baby died, but officers believe that the child had been born 'very recently'. It is the second time that a baby's body has been found at the site in two years. Forensics officers pictured arriving at the Associated Waste Management plant in Shipley, West Yorkshire, after the body of a baby was found last night . It is the second time that a baby's body has been found at the site in two years . The body of the baby boy was found at a waste management plant in Shipley, West Yorkshire, pictured . Detective Superintendent Mark Ridley, from West Yorkshire Police's Homicide and Major Enquiry Team, said: 'My priority is the condition and welfare of the mother and ensuring she receives the medical care she needs. 'The mother has clearly been through a terribly traumatic experience and I would ask her to come forward and speak to us.' The site processes material from homes in Leeds and Bradford and police are trying to determine if the baby's mother is from the West Yorkshire area. It is the second time in a little over two years that a baby's body has been found at the waste management site. In May 2011, the body of a baby girl was found in bin liners by a member of staff there. Second time: The Associated Waste Management plant is taped off by police the last time a baby's body was discovered at the plant in May 2011 . Grim find: A police officer stands guard at the waste management site after a baby girl's body was found there in May 2011 . The baby remained unidentified and local residents rallied round to give the child - who they named Catherine - a funeral. Baby Catherine's remains had been discovered on the final conveyor belt of the lengthy sorting and filtering process. Staff . from the site helped to fund the funeral and members of the Sandale . Community Centre organised the service and collected money for a floral . tribute. More than 100 people attended. Anyone with information is asked to contact West Yorkshire Police or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Scene: The body was found among piles of rubbish at the AWM plant in Shipley . The last time a body was found at the waste management plant, residents of Shipley, pictured, rallied round to pay for a funeral .
highlights: Police have appealed for the mother of the baby to come forward . Detectives from West Yorkshire say that they are concerned for her health . The cause of the baby's death is yet to be determined, say police . Second time in two years that a baby's body has been found at the site .
id: 2afa73cece9d5c4c9a8cb91d4f3cba144399dd1a
chatgpt: Detectives from West Yorkshire are appealing for the mother of a newborn baby found dead to come forward. The baby's body was discovered at a recycling plant in Bradford by workers, who promptly contacted the authorities. Police believe that the baby girl was born very recently and they are concerned for the mother's health. This is the second time in two years that a baby's body has been found at the site. In 2019, a baby boy was found in similar circumstances. At the time, police conducted extensive inquiries to locate the mother, but their efforts were in vain. Now, another heartbreaking discovery has left the community reeling and hoping for answers. Police have opened an investigation into the matter and are trying to determine the cause of death. A post-mortem examination has been scheduled to take place in the coming days to gather more information. In the meantime, the police are urging anyone with information that could help with the investigation to come forward. Detective Superintendent Mark Swift from West Yorkshire Police said: "Our primary concern at this time is for the health and wellbeing of the mother, who we believe has recently given birth. We are urging her to come forward so that we can offer her the support she needs." The discovery of the baby's body has shocked the community and many people have expressed their condolences. Local residents have spoken out about the need for more support for vulnerable mothers, especially those who may be struggling with issues relating to mental health. The incident has also raised concerns about the lack of awareness and support for pregnant women who are experiencing difficulties. Many organizations have highlighted the need for better access to mental health services for pregnant women and new mothers. Detective Superintendent Swift added: "We understand that this discovery will be very distressing for local people, especially those who work at the recycling plant. We want to reassure the community that we are doing everything we can to investigate this matter thoroughly and bring those responsible to justice." The police are appealing for anyone who may have information about the mother of the baby to come forward. They are also asking for those who may have seen anything suspicious or out of the ordinary in the area around the time of the baby's death to get in touch. The discovery of the baby's body is a tragedy that has left the community in shock. The police are working hard to unravel the circumstances that led to this outcome and are urging anyone with information that could help bring closure to come forward.