article: Killjoy university bosses have threatened students with a £200 fine if they are caught drunk - in a campus bar. Students at Lancaster University received an email telling them anyone who appeared to be intoxicated would be fined and hauled in front of a disciplinary hearing. The bizarre ban at the popular Lonsdale . Bar also says anyone caught getting a pint for someone who is drunk . could be fined £250 - including bar staff. Warned: Lancaster University (pictured) threatens students with  fines if they are caught drunk in student bar . Students drinking in a nightclub (posed by models) But within hours of Friday’s email students packed out the bar to down drinks in protest at the new rules, apparently passed to curb two-for-one drinks offers. The announcement from Lonsdale College . administrator Juli Shorrock said: 'Students found in Lonsdale Bar or . coming out of Lonsdale Bar who appear to be drunk to a porter, college . officer or assistant dean will be required to identify themselves and . will be summoned to a disciplinary hearing.' Lonsdale College issued a statement explaining their decision. Strict: Lonsdale College (pictured) administrator promised a disciplinary hearing to students found drunk . However, the college bar still offered discounted drinks to students that were 'cheaper than pre-drinking'. Students took to Twitter to defy the new rules. Joshua Polding wrote: 'Tales of last . night’s rebellious carnage in @LonnieCollege bar just shows we are the . best college on campus #tryfiningusnow' Lucie Alice added: 'They ban us from drinking so we go to the bar and get drunk #wedowhatwewant' Student union president Joel Pullan, said he thought the decree was 'damaging.' Within hours of Friday's email students packed out the bar to down drinks in protest at the new rules . Students are boasting about ignoring the imposed £200 ban and getting away with it . Lonsdale College offers heavily discounted drinks at their bar despite the bizarre ban . He added: 'While LUSU holds no jurisdiction over the college bars we are striving to find out more information on the reasons behind these fines. 'Though we advocate sensible drinking, we feel such policies could damage the college bar system which we, with students have fought so hard to preserve.' The university has played down the ban and claimes it was a 'one-off campaign' to 'raise awareness of UK law on getting drunk and the potential consequences'. A spokesperson added: 'The ban was not enforced and the bar operated normally. 'There was a great atmosphere from very early in the evening with large numbers having a great time with their friends and enjoying a drink. 'Lonsdale bar has been praised by the police for being run responsibly and we intend to keep it that way. 'The university only fines students where there is damage to property or persons.'
highlights: Lancaster University students are dismayed at the Lonsdale Bar ban . They also received an email telling them anyone caught getting a pint for someone who is drunk could be fined £250 - including bar staff . Student union president Joel Pullan thinks the decree is 'damaging' Students took to Twitter to defy the new rules . The University claims it was a 'one-off campaign'
id: fe25c71fac5cdf249a73c9ffe9c356967f00dae2
chatgpt: Lancaster University students have expressed their disappointment in response to the recent ban on the Lonsdale Bar. Not only that, but now they have received an email that states anyone caught purchasing a pint for someone who is already drunk could be fined £250 - this includes bar staff. The news has stirred up controversy and backlash from the student body. The announcement has even caught the attention of the Student Union president Joel Pullan, who believes the new rule is highly "damaging" to the university's image. He has been outspoken on the issue, urging the administration to reconsider the implementation of these regulations. Many students took to Twitter to voice their disapproval of the ban, questioning what the university was trying to achieve with these restrictions. Some students even took to defying the new rules by continuing to buy drinks for their friends who had already had a couple of pints. The University assures that this is "one-off campaign". However, the move is still seen by many as a detrimental effort to put a dampener on student life. University students look forward to going to social events to let their hair down and unwind. The new rules pull the rug from under their feet, curbing their ability to enjoy themselves and escape the stresses of university life. The email that was sent out to students detailing the new policy has received widespread criticism. Many argue that it was a heavy-handed approach, threatening heavy fines for enforcing a rule that is difficult to enforce. The University has received plenty of complaints about the ban in the past weeks, with students expressing their grievances about a lack of social life. The recent restrictions have furthered frustrations among students, many of whom feel like they are getting an unfair deal. While there is no denying that the university has a duty to ensure the safety of its students, there has been a growing sense in many quarters that it is overstepping its boundaries. The authorities must ensure that their actions are proportionate and respectful to the student body. Pullan has stated that students welcome positive changes, but not ones that "hinder their university experience". He added: "It is imperative that any steps taken to safeguard students' welfare do not come at the expense of the quality of their overall university life." The University administration must take on board the concerns of students and look for ways to find a balance between safety and giving students a rich and fulfilling student life. This move is not without its critics, but if handled appropriately, it could become an opportunity to make positive change on campus.