article: By . Sam Webb . Up to 70,000 Bulgarians and Romanians will travel to Britain each year when they finally gain open access to the jobs  market, a report claims today. Almost 29million people from the two countries will be free to work in Britain from the end of this year when temporary controls on new EU migrants expire. But although ministers have their own estimate of the scale of the influx, they refuse to reveal it. The figure is likely to be the crucial factor in deciding whether the Government will hit the Prime Minister’s goal of cutting net migration – the difference between those arriving and leaving each year – to ‘tens of thousands’ A Roma community in Bulgaria. Both Bulgaria and Romania are relatively poor, rendering employment in the UK an attractive prospect . The report by the pressure group MigrationWatch says Romanians and Bulgarians will add between 30,000 and 70,000 to our population in each of the next five years. This is partly based on the events of 2004 when immigration soared after Poland and seven other nations joined the EU. The report estimates an average of 50,000 Romanians and Bulgarians will arrive here each year, a total of 250,000. But it warns the figure could soar if Roma gipsies or the nearly 1million Romanians already in other EU countries also come. Romania and Bulgaria joined the EU in 2007, but the number who could take jobs here was capped at 25,000 for low-skilled workers. That limit expires this year. Migration: Bulgarian nationals queuing up outside the British Embassy in Sofia for visa applications in 2006 . The study explains why Britain is likely to be attractive to Romanians and Bulgarians. Both are relatively poor with a minimum wage of around £1 an hour, compared to £6.19 here, and income per head of about a fifth of Britain’s. In addition, destinations such as Spain, Italy and France have high youth unemployment. The UK also offers full benefits when immigrants find work, including housing and child benefit and child tax credit. MigrationWatch chairman Sir Andrew Green said: ‘It is not good enough to duck making an estimate of immigration. It is likely to have significant consequences for housing and services. It will also add to the competition young workers face.’ David Cameron indicated he did not have confidence in Government figures, saying the estimated influx of around 14,000 Poles in 2004 turned out to be ‘ridiculously low’. The Home Office said it was looking at ‘factors that may encourage EU nationals to come to the UK’.
highlights: Migration watchdog says workers will be attracted by higher wages and benefits . Cap on Romanians and Bulgarians is set to expire this year . Total immigration from nations could soar to 250,00 over five years .
id: 216f22f0b3a1257ac7425a256760feed55c6b3ea
chatgpt: According to a recent report by the Migration Advisory Committee (MAC), increased wages and benefits could attract a greater number of migrant workers from Romania and Bulgaria after the cap on their immigration expires this year. The report suggests that the cap – which was introduced in 2014 – could be removed to make way for increased immigration from these countries, potentially leading to a total influx of up to 250,000 over the next five years. The UK government is expected to consider the recommendations of the MAC, which has also suggested that immigration restrictions for workers from other countries, such as India and Pakistan, could be relaxed to address labour shortages particularly in the health sector. The report claims that allowing more workers to enter the UK would help to fill the estimated 200,000 labour vacancies currently unfilled, particularly in the public sector. At present, Romanians and Bulgarians can only enter the UK if they have a job lined up and earn a minimum of £30,000 a year, which experts claim significantly limits their options. On the other hand, if the cap were to be lifted, many experts predict a surge in immigration to the UK, particularly from workers seeking higher paid jobs – particularly in sectors such as healthcare and hospitality. The report highlights a number of other concerns around immigration and labour shortages, including the impact of Brexit on the UK’s ability to attract foreign workers. Many experts have warned that the UK’s new immigration policies may not attract the same level of talent as the country has previously enjoyed, particularly if they are seen as more restrictive. Despite these concerns, the MAC has recommended that the government implement a series of measures to help attract and retain foreign workers. These could include introducing a more flexible approach to working hours, improving access to training and development opportunities, and introducing measures to make working in the UK more attractive to foreign workers. The report also proposes the creation of a new temporary visa scheme, which would allow foreign workers to enter the UK for short periods of time in order to meet labour demand in specific sectors. This would be particularly beneficial for industries such as hospitality, agriculture and construction, which are heavily reliant on seasonal labour. The MAC’s report has been welcomed by many industry experts, who believe that it represents an important first step in addressing the UK’s labour shortages. However, others have expressed concerns that the recommendations do not go far enough, and that more needs to be done to encourage the entry of skilled workers from a wider range of countries. Overall, the report represents an important milestone in the UK’s efforts to address labour shortages and improve the country’s ability to attract skilled foreign workers. However, it remains to be seen how the government will respond to the recommendations and what impact these policies will have on the UK’s labour market over the coming years.