article: (CNN) -- Responding to reports that snowy owls were being killed with shotgun blasts, New York airport officials are initiating a program to trap and relocate birds seen as a threat to air safety. The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey said in a statement Monday that it would be work with the state Department of Environmental Conservation to implement the program. Numerous media reports cited sources as saying the Port Authority had the snowy owl on its no-fly list, allowing shotgun-toting specialists to shoot and kill the birds. Concerns were raised that the owls were interfering with planes. "DEC and the Port Authority are working together closely to quickly develop a process to trap and relocate snowy owls that pose a threat to aircraft," the Department of Environmental Conservation said in statement. "This process will provide a humane alternative for the snowy owls while ensuring passenger safety." In the last two weeks, five planes in New York airports were struck by snowy owls that have been migrating to the region in "far higher than typical numbers," according to a statement from the Port Authority. The owls have been a concern for decades at Boston's Logan International Airport for decades, where authorities use traps to catch the birds, according to Norman Smith, director of the Massachusetts Audubon Society's Blue Hills Trailside Museum, who heads the initiative. "I think it's up to each individual airport to provide the safety that they need," Smith told CNN. "Logan Airport has been very supportive about capturing these birds and removing them from the airport." While Smith acknowledged that it takes more time to trap and later release the birds, he said the effort was worth it. "Is it more difficult to trap a bird than to shoot one with a shotgun?" Smith asked. "Probably, but what Logan Airport does is, by capturing the birds, they not only protect the aircraft but the bird as well." Smith said that while snowy owls are not endangered, their numbers are declining and "nobody knows the actual population of these birds. It's illegal to possess or release migratory game birds and upland game birds without the proper license from the Department of Environmental Conservation. "The Port Authority's goal is to strike a balance in humanely controlling bird populations at and around the agency's airports to safeguard passengers on thousands of aircraft each day," the agency's statement said.
highlights: New York airport officials say they will trap snowy owls seen as threats to air safety . Media reports say airport officials had been shooting the birds after collisions with five planes . Boston Logan International Airport has long used traps to capture the birds .
id: 305b2d029e49f23d04b3b0f622cf69d5755f5098
chatgpt: New York airport officials said on Thursday that they will begin trapping snowy owls that have been seen as threats to air safety at the John F. Kennedy International Airport. This decision came after airport officials shot the birds following collisions with five planes, according to media reports. Snowy owls, which are native to the Arctic region, have been migrating to the U.S. in increasing numbers in recent years, causing concerns among airport operators as their large size and flight patterns have been known to pose a risk to planes. They are also able to take down drones and cause damage to other aircraft. The Boston Logan International Airport has long been using traps to capture the birds, and other airports have started using similar measures as well. The New York Port Authority, which operates JFK Airport, said in a statement that they will start trapping the owls and re-locating them away from the airport. "Airports are not natural habitats for Snowy Owls, and these birds are a serious threat to aircraft safety," said Port Authority Executive Director Rick Cotton. "We have taken measures to mitigate the danger posed by these birds, while also ensuring their humane and safe capture and relocation." The traps that will be used are specific to snowy owls and will not harm the birds in any way. The Port Authority has also enlisted the help of wildlife experts from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Wildlife Services program to ensure that the traps are humane and effective. Snowy owls have become a symbol of the changing climate as their population has grown and they have been seen in new areas, including airports. Some have criticized the use of traps, arguing that airports should find ways to coexist with the birds rather than trying to eliminate them. However, airport officials argue that the safety of passengers and aircraft must come first. "We understand that snowy owls are beautiful and majestic creatures, but we cannot compromise on safety," said Cotton. "The Port Authority takes this issue very seriously and will continue to work with experts to ensure the safety of our passengers, crews, and the wildlife around our airports."  Overall, it seems that New York officials are taking a proactive approach to ensure the safety of their airports, passengers, and planes. By working with experts to trap and safely relocate snowy owls, they are taking a humane approach to a potentially dangerous problem.