article: A suspected illegal immigrant was in custody in Paris on Monday after stabbing a man to death and allegedly 'drinking his blood'. French detectives said the macabre murder took place in the city on Sunday following an argument. The unnamed suspect has no passport or other identity papers but is believed to be a Lithuanian aged 22. Macabre: The victim - who was French but who has not been named - was found with his throat cut, and with multiple stab wounds around his body in a Paris business district . He has admitted stabbing his 49-year-old victim to death, and leaving his mutilated body in an underground car park close to La Defense business district of Paris. 'He was arrested at around 4am on Sunday morning, and was covered in blood,' said a judicial source. 'His hand was bleeding but there seemed to be a lot more blood on him than was coming from the hand wound. 'After treatment in hospital, he told us that he had been drinking his victim's blood. These claims are being investigated.' When questioned by police, the suspect was only able to speak in English, and also spoke about the Baltic state where he claims to come from. The suspect has been charged with murder and is currently in the custody of judicial police from the Hauts-de-Seine department (file picture) He is said to have met his victim in a homeless shelter, and they were seen together on Saturday night in the suburb of Colombes. The victim - who was French but who has not been named either - was found with his throat cut, and with multiple stab wounds around his body. The man has been charged with murder, and is currently in the custody of judicial police from the Hauts-de-Seine department. In November a suspected cannibal tore out a 90-year-old man's tongue and heart to eat in the south of France. The homeless 26-year-old broke into the elderly man's home in the village of Nouilhan, and beat him over the head with an iron rod before trying to extract his organs. The suspect, a former French Army soldier, claimed to have heard voices. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Detectives say the macabre murder took place on Sunday after an argument . The suspect had no identifying papers but is thought to be a Lithuanian, 22 . He admitted stabbing his victim, 49, to death and claimed he drank his blood .
id: 0e54eaccd21257ee73fad79a2d66ae88a4dc9e12
chatgpt: Detectives in London are investigating a macabre murder which took place on Sunday. The victim, a 49-year-old man, was stabbed to death by a suspect who has no identifying papers, but is thought to be a 22-year-old Lithuanian. According to reports, the murder took place after an argument, though the details of the altercation remain unclear. The suspect, who is currently in custody, has admitted to the crime and claimed that he drank the victim's blood. Police were alerted to the scene by a neighbor, who reported hearing a commotion and seeing the suspect fleeing the scene. Upon arrival, authorities found the victim's body inside the apartment, and launched a search for the suspect. The suspect was apprehended later that evening, after police issued an appeal for information about his whereabouts. He was found hiding in a nearby park, and was subsequently taken into custody for questioning. The murder has shocked the local community, who say that they are struggling to come to terms with the violent nature of the crime. "I just can't believe something like this could happen here," said one resident. "It's so shocking and sad." Detectives say that they are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the murder, and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward. They say that they are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have seen the suspect in the hours leading up to the crime, or who may have information about his whereabouts. Meanwhile, the suspect will remain in custody as the investigation continues. He is expected to face charges of murder and will likely stand trial in the coming months. The murder has raised concerns about violence in the community, with local leaders calling for greater resources to be devoted to preventing crime and ensuring public safety. "We need to take action to make sure that something like this never happens again," said one political leader. "Our thoughts are with the victim's family and friends at this difficult time."