article: (EW.com) -- When Fox announced its new reality series, "I Wanna Marry 'Harry,'" many viewers flashed back to 2003 and the days of "Joe Millionaire" -- a.k.a. the first time women were fooled into fighting for a man's heart on TV, only to find out he wasn't who he said he was. But other than the whole Prince Charming angle, is there much of a difference between Joe and "Harry"? People asked "Joe Millionaire" winner Zora Sabrina (formerly known as Zora Andrich) to chime in. As she put it, "Just when I thought they've covered every reality show idea ... Fox is at it again! I suppose it has been a decade, so in all fairness, a good deceptive reality show was due." EW: Bad heir day - 'I Wanna Marry Harry' a royal ratings bomb . Despite the "feelings of uncertainty and insecurity" she claimed she felt while watching the new show, Sabrina still had some thoughts on the contestants. "At first glance, I like Kimberly," she wrote. "She said something along the lines of how she doesn't care to be with a prince, just someone who cares for her and treats her well and she seems genuine. Matt a.k.a. Harry comes across as sincere, earnest and naturally uncertain of how, if at all, he can successfully pull off this hoax. And, the masquerade ball premiere couldn't be more apropos: Let the mystery and deception begin!" As far as the other women were concerned, here's what Sabrina had to say: "Fox has equally selected a fun mix of 12 personalities: Overly confident, overly guileless and overly trusting. Goodness, where do they find these women (sympathetic smile)?" EW: 'I Wanna Marry Harry' - Why the idea of a royal 'Bachelor' makes total sense . That said, the ex-reality star admits, she personally "never felt bothered" by "Joe Millionaire's" premise. "I was more caught off guard after seeing the first preview and learning the [show's] working title, The Big Choice, was changed to Joe Millionaire," she explained. "I felt like there was a lot more judgment directed at participants who would partake in a show with 'millionaire' in the title." So, will these girls really believe they're dating a prince? "It certainly feels a little far fetched, but I'm sure some of the contestants will fall for the misrepresentation," said Sabrina. "Others will likely know or at the very least, suspect, they are not dating the real Harry." One can only hope, right? See the original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Zora Sabrina says the show ideas was due . She had "feelings of uncertainty and insecurity" watching the show . Sabrina says she wasn't bothered by her show's premise .
id: e4cec665b4865e97a8a6aa8187e911d2205f14ed
chatgpt: Zora Sabrina, the star of the hit TV show "The Big Journey," has recently opened up about her feelings towards the series. In a candid interview, Sabrina revealed that while she wasn't bothered by the show's premise, she did experience "feelings of uncertainty and insecurity" while watching the show. "The Big Journey" follows Sabrina and a group of contestants as they travel across the world and compete in a series of challenges. The show has been a critical and commercial success, with Sabrina becoming a household name as a result of her role. However, Sabrina has now admitted that there were moments during filming when she felt unsure of herself. "I think it's natural to have feelings of uncertainty and insecurity, especially when you're in the public eye," she said. "There were times when I would watch the show back and feel like maybe I wasn't doing a good enough job." Despite these doubts, Sabrina maintained that the show was a positive experience overall. "I loved every minute of being on 'The Big Journey,'" she said. "It was an incredible opportunity to see the world and meet so many amazing people." Sabrina also discussed the end of the show, which was announced earlier this month after four successful seasons. She revealed that while she was sad to see the show come to an end, she understood why the decision was made. "I think it's important to leave on a high note," she said. "We've had an incredible run and achieved so much with 'The Big Journey.' It's time for us to move on to new things." Fans of Sabrina can rest assured that the star has plenty of new projects in the works. She teased that she already has several new TV shows and movies lined up for the coming year. "I'm really excited about what's next," she said. "I think my fans are going to love what we have in store." Sabrina's honesty about her feelings towards "The Big Journey" is a reminder that even the most successful people can feel uncertain at times. Her positivity about the experience, however, is a testament to the power of following your dreams and taking risks. As Sabrina looks towards the future, it's clear that she won't be slowing down anytime soon.