article: London was today named the world’s most expensive city for super-prime housing with wealthy homeowners paying a staggering £6,000 per sq ft. The capital has always been a safe haven for the foreign elite looking to make a top-end housing purchase. And its popularity continues to rise, according to a report from property advisers CBRE. While house prices are falling in most regions, around 100 property millionares were created every day in the capital. Pictured is Rutland Gate, in Knightsbridge, London that was on the market for £300million . Hope the neighbours aren't noisy: The world's most expensive terraced house, 1 Cornwall Terrace, London, which is on the market for £100million . The average price for a super prime home is £6,000 per sq ft - well ahead of Hong Kong (£5,500), Sydney (£4,380), New York (£5,300) and Paris (£2,900).] . CBRE says the super prime market is limited to a sphere of ‘golden postcodes’ predominantly around Knightsbridge, Kensington and Chelsea. Trevor Abrahmsohn, who runs upmarket Glentree Estates, has sold some of London’s most expensive homes over the past 35 years with wealthy foreigners among his biggest clients. He puts this down to London being the 'best city in the world' thanks to a combination of its position, history and all-round facilities. Mr Abrahmsohn said: 'London ticks all the boxes for the family and is politically and economically stable. 'It is a free-spinning, 24-hour city. It is electric, eclectic, fun and serious and has culture and heritage. 'In the US you’ll find business is in New York and entertainment is in Los Angeles. With the UK, all of the centres of excellence are in London.' Top end: Jersey House, on The Bishops Avenue, which is on the market for £40million . Does it have parking?: Heath Hall on The Bishops Avenue in Hampstead will set you back £100million . Fixer-upper: Cambridge House in Mayfair, which is expected to be worth more than £200million after renovation . Prime central London house prices have risen 49 per cent since March 2009 and are 14 per cent higher than their previous market peak of March 2008. London continues to draw in Russian billionaires with many spending well in excess of £10million. India’s wealthy residents also look to London for super prime property - making up 25 per cent of the Mayfair population. There is increased activity from Dubai, UAE and Saudi Arabia, although money for these deals will have often originated from countries such as Syria or Bahrain. Mark Collins, head of residential at CBRE, said: 'Global economic uncertainty is fuelling the success of London’s super prime property market, as investors look to spread risk by diversifying their portfolios. 'London is very much the port in the storm, as wealthy investors around the world appreciate the capital's stability when compared with other markets. 'In addition to overseas funding, London’s super prime market continues to be buoyed by strong domestic investment.'
highlights: Super rich pay £6,000 per sq ft in capital, say property experts . London's myriad benefits include entertainment, business and heritage . Foreign investors snap up homes worth £40million and more .
id: cf40cdf2f0cce643efda90a11322ef297b0d7001
chatgpt: According to property experts, London's super-rich are paying up to £6,000 per square foot for the ultimate luxury living experience in the city. These extravagant properties boast a range of impressive amenities and are situated in some of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the capital. One major draw for these wealthy buyers is London's plethora of benefits, from top-notch entertainment options to a thriving business scene and rich cultural heritage. Buyers from all over the world are flocking to the city, eager to snap up homes worth £40 million or more. Foreign investors in particular have been quick to seize upon this opportunity, seeing London's prestige as a safe haven for their wealth. They are funding some of the most lavish developments scattered throughout the city's most sought-after postcodes. Despite the uncertainty surrounding Brexit and the UK's current political climate, real estate in London's affluent neighborhoods remains in high demand. According to recent data, sales of prime central London properties rose by 43% compared to the previous year, highlighting an increasingly bullish trend among investors. However, these high-value deals are not just limited to residential properties - commercial real estate in London's most desirable neighborhoods is also seeing a surge in interest. According to experts, Mayfair remains the most popular location for commercial developments, with many businesses keen to take advantage of its prime location and impressive reputation. This trend is also being mirrored in other cities around the UK, with investors pouring billions into developing commercial and residential real estate. Birmingham, in particular, has seen a wave of new development projects in recent years, with both office and residential properties being snapped up by investors from all over the world. Despite concerns over the possibility of a housing market crash or economic downturn, experts remain optimistic about the long-term outlook for the UK's property sector. London's continued allure for wealthy buyers, coupled with increased demand across the country, suggests that opportunities will continue to arise for investors looking to get in on the action. Overall, London's property market remains an attractive option for both local and foreign investors seeking a safe haven for their wealth. With a range of luxury properties available in some of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the world, it's no surprise that wealthy buyers are willing to pay a hefty price tag for their slice of the city's prestige.