article: England squeaked past the 10 men of Estonia and here, Martin Keown gives his verdict on what they did well and where it went wrong. Jack Wilshere is praised, Danny Welbeck and Leighton Baines come in for criticism... but there is encouragement for goalscorer Wayne Rooney. JACK THE LAD'S ENGLAND'S MIDDLE MAN . There was a lot of rotation in the midfield diamond, but Jack Wilshere needs to become the main man in the holding role. VIDEO Scroll down to watch  Wilshere say he is still learning his deeper role for England . Jack Wilshere drives England forward but would be better in the holding midfield role . It used to be a defensive position but players like Andrea Pirlo have made it so technical. Jack is our most technically gifted player so it makes sense for him to play there. On Sunday evening he was fluid in attack and was involved all over the pitch, as his touch map (right) shows. He also had more touches (66) in the opposition half than in his own (36). That’s fine against 10-man Estonia but there needs to be a balance. Too much rotation and the midfield becomes a carousel that better teams will exploit. UP THE PACE TO BREAK DOWN 10 MEN . When you are playing 10 men, you need to move the ball more quickly to work your opponents across the pitch. England should have tried to restrict themselves to two touches before moving it on. Estonia never looked isolated and that is more our fault than their ability. WELBECK HAS TO BE MORE SELFISH . Sometimes Danny Welbeck is too honest for his own good. He’s such a willing runner for the team but I’d like to see him be more selfish. It’s difficult with two up front but most of his good work was done out wide, away from that central position where can do the damage. Danny Welbeck down after being fouled - sometimes he needs to stop running and stay in a central position . Wayne Rooney misses a chance to double England's lead in added time - but he did earlier score the winner . ROONEY'S OUR LEADER - DON'T HAMMER HIM . I don’t think we should be too harsh on Wayne Rooney. He missed some good chances but he is our captain and scored an important goal. Playing abroad is always a test, especially with a young team, and Rooney is our leader. BAINES NEEDS TO PLAY WITH MORE FREEDOM . Leighton Baines needs to take the handbrake off. For Everton he is such a creative force but in an England shirt he loses that freedom. On the opposite flank Calum Chambers may have given the ball away, but he kept going even when things went wrong. Baines needs to show more because his attacking instincts make him the player he is for Everton. Leighton Baines (centre), reacting to a decision given against him, plays with less freedom for England .
highlights: Jack Wilshere is England's most technically gifted player . England need to move the ball more quickly against 10 men . Danny Welbeck needs to stop doing so much running . Wayne Rooney missed chances but also scored an important goal .
id: dd55a27620611cb4a72c412ace5598f74b67bd51
chatgpt: England secured a crucial victory against Slovenia in their World Cup qualifying match last night, thanks in no small part to some key contributions from their star players. Jack Wilshere was widely regarded as the standout player on the night, with his technical ability and vision causing no end of problems for the Slovenian defense. For many observers, he was the driving force behind England's most positive attacking moves, and his ability to pick a pass proved invaluable in unlocking the stubborn opposition defense. However, it wasn't all plain sailing for the Three Lions. Slovenia played with 10 men for much of the game after Rajko Rotman was sent off in the first half, and England were unable to capitalize on their numerical advantage for much of the game. The team's failure to move the ball quickly enough was a common theme, with many observers criticizing their slow and ponderous build-up play. One player who was singled out for criticism in this regard was Danny Welbeck. The Arsenal striker is renowned for his work ethic and tireless running, but on this occasion, his incessant running was seen as a negative rather than a positive. A number of England's more promising moves broke down due to Welbeck's over-eagerness to chase down loose balls, and there were calls for him to show more composure and restraint in future. Despite these issues, England was able to grind out a much-needed victory thanks in no small part to the contribution of Wayne Rooney. The Manchester United striker missed a number of golden chances throughout the game, but he eventually found the back of the net with a composed finish in the second half that put his team ahead. For many England fans, it was a reminder of just how important Rooney can be on his day, and a sign that he still has a lot to offer the national team. Overall, it was a mixed performance from England, but one that will have given manager Gareth Southgate some cause for optimism. The win puts them in a strong position in their World Cup qualifying group, and there were a number of promising individual displays to build on. However, there is clearly work to be done on the training ground if England is to realize their full potential and compete with the very best sides in the world. With the likes of Wilshere, Rooney and Welbeck in the side, though, there is certainly cause for hope.