article: (CNN) -- "Curly Sue" actress Alisan Porter has an admission to make: "Hi, I'm Ali, and I'm an alcoholic." That's how Porter begins a blog post on her website, "Lil Mamas," where the now-33-year-old details her battle with alcoholism. In the post, titled "The Obligatory Child Star Gets Sober Mom Blog," Porter kids that perhaps her fans "didn't see that one coming. Or, because you know that I'm a former child star, you totally did." Porter, who's best remembered as Jim Belushi's young co-star in the 1991 John Hughes comedy, describes the moment when she recognized she needed to change. "I was living in NYC," she recalls. "I was miserable and overwhelmed with life. I was heartbroken and realizing that what had always worked for me in the past was NOT working at all ... So, I did what every good user does and I prayed to a god I had never believed in... and then called my mom. Days later I was off to treatment, just like that. For the next four years I went to meetings, worked the steps, got a sponsor, found a god of my own understanding, prayed, meditated and basically grew up." Porter can now say that she's been sober since October 28, 2007. As a married mom of two, the former actress admits she still has her bad days, but she says her family helps her keep things in perspective. "I don't drink because I don't want to miss one second of the responsibilities I get to have today. I don't drink because I can't. I want to, a lot of days, because I'm human and because life gets hard. But I don't," Porter writes. "I'm sure that someday my kids will ask me why I don't drink and my answer will be simple: 'I never want to lose myself and not be able to find you.'"
highlights: "Curly Sue" actress Alisan Porter talks about her road to sobriety . The former child star says she's been sober since 2007 . Her family is one of the ways she maintains perspective on tough days .
id: ef9df9c66d91814838fd9b609abd8b2c7d6b620f
chatgpt: Alisan Porter, the former child star who captured hearts as the titular character in the 1991 film "Curly Sue," has opened up about her journey to sobriety. The actress recently revealed that she has been sober since 2007 and credits her family for helping her maintain perspective during tough times. Porter, now 40 years old, spoke candidly about her past struggles with addiction in a recent interview. As a child star, she faced tremendous pressure and often turned to substances as a coping mechanism. "I started drinking when I was 14, and it quickly escalated," she said. "By the time I was in my twenties, I was doing cocaine and all sorts of other drugs." It wasn't until Porter hit rock bottom that she realized she needed to make a change. "I woke up one day and just knew that I couldn't keep living like that," she said. "I checked myself into rehab, and I've been sober ever since." According to Porter, one of the keys to her sobriety has been her family's unwavering support. "I have an amazing husband and two beautiful children who keep me grounded," she said. "They remind me why I'm doing this and help me see the bigger picture on tough days." Porter also credits therapy and self-care practices like yoga and meditation with helping her stay on track. "I've learned how to manage my emotions in healthier ways," she said. "I've realized that I don't need alcohol or drugs to cope with stress or anxiety." Today, Porter is focused on living a fulfilling life and giving back to others. She is an advocate for addiction recovery and has even started a podcast called "The Demi Show," which explores the intersection of addiction and pop culture. "I want people to know that recovery is possible," she said. "It's not easy, but it's worth it. And you don't have to do it alone." With her inspiring story and commitment to helping others, Porter is proving that anything is possible with the right support system and mindset.