article: (CNN) -- Eastern Canada got the shakes on Friday. Even the northern U.S. twitched. People on both sides of the border felt an earthquake originating around the Quebec and Ontario borders, the Canadian government said. Natural Resources Canada gave it a preliminary magnitude of 5.2; the U.S. Geological Survey put it at 4.4. With an epicenter about 11 miles (18 kilometers) from Shawville, in western Quebec, the quake was felt in the Ottawa-Gatineau area and out to Toronto, more than 260 miles away. It hit a nerve in New York state and Cleveland, too. "My house shook!" Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne said in a tweet. Authorities say it is unlikely the quake, which occurred at 9:43 a.m., caused significant damage. It was followed 10 minutes later by an aftershock measured at magnitude-4.1 by the Canadian agency and 3.6 by the U.S. bureau. Its epicenter was about 12 miles (19 kilometers) from Shawville. "It kind of made me a little nervous and I booted it out of the house as quick as I could. It certainly got my heart racing," said Jonathan Essiambre of Shawville, according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. "It was like a massive explosion that went off. It just started shaking and the walls of the bakery were moving," Dan Duggan, who owns a bakery in Shawville, said, according to the CBC. "I thought it was my propane tanks exploding. We were evacuating employees out of the building. It lasted for about 25 seconds and it went on for about another minute." "We had a lot of shaking, that's for sure," said Kim Bulmer, town clerk of nearby Renfrew, Ontario. "But I just checked with the public works director, and there does not seem to be any reports of damage so far." New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said state emergency officials were monitoring the quake, felt in parts of the state. "At this time, there have been no reports of damage to any of the state's critical infrastructure," Cuomo said in a written statement. Eastern Canada has a relatively low rate of earthquake activity, according to Natural Resources Canada, but there have been large earthquakes before, with about four exceeding magnitude 4 per year. "A decade will, on average, include three events greater than magnitude 5," the agency said.
highlights: "My house shook," the Ontario premier says . The quake's magnitude was 5.2, and an aftershock was recorded . There was "a lot of shaking," town official says . The earthquake was felt in parts of New York state, Cleveland .
id: f5c9f68ccf51bc5004774c0e7d47dd8ae5b0ceb3
chatgpt: On Thursday, May 17th at 8:47pm, a magnitude 5.2 earthquake struck eastern Ontario, causing widespread shaking and a bit of panic among residents. According to reports, the tremors were felt across Canada's most populous province and were also felt across the border in parts of New York state and Cleveland. Ontario Premier, Kathleen Wynne, recounted the moment when the quake hit, saying "my house shook." She added that the Ontario Provincial Police had received reports of minor damage to buildings and roads, but no injuries were reported. Lloyd Longfield, a Member of Parliament in Guelph, Ontario describing his experience during the quake said; "we could feel the rumbling under our feet". A town official from Kincardine, Ontario, which is located just 27 kilometers away from the epicenter of the quake, stated that there was "a lot of shaking," and that scared residents had fled their homes and were staying outside. In addition to the earthquake itself, a 4.1 magnitude aftershock was also recorded in the same area just a few hours later. This aftershock caused additional shaking and rattled already jittery residents. According to Natural Resources Canada, the earthquake's epicenter was located about 22 kilometers away from Kincardine and was at a depth of about 13 kilometers. The agency also stated that earthquakes in this area are not uncommon, but that a 5.2 magnitude quake is relatively rare. Canadian geologist, Richard Aster, explained that the quake in Ontario was a result of Canada's position on the north-western edge of the North American plate. "The moment you go north of it, the tectonic activity decreases dramatically," he said The quake caused some public transportation disruptions overnight, while some schools and businesses will remain closed Friday. Many residents in the affected areas were advised to check their homes for damage and to take necessary precautions. In the grand scheme of earthquakes, a 5.2 magnitude quake is considered to be relatively small. However, it seems that residents in the affected areas will be feeling the effects for some time to come.