article: (CNN) -- T-Mobile wants to beef up its cell coverage by thinking small and piggybacking on your Internet service. The carrier is offering its customers a free personal cell spot -- a router that plugs into an existing broadband connection to improve mobile phone coverage while at home. All new smartphones purchased through T-Mobile will allow phone calls and texts over WiFi. And as mentioned in Apple's announcement Tuesday, T-Mobile will be the first carrier to support seamless switching between WiFi and cellular networks, so you don't have to hang up and redial when you leave the wireless area. For now, the switching capabilities will only be available for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Why is T-Mobile pushing WiFi connections so heavily? "My answer is, why the f*** not?" said T-Mobile President and CEO John Legere, who announced the news at a press event in a San Francisco bar Wednesday. Legere took the stage in pink shoes and a leather jacket, dropping his signature bad words, jokes and digs at competitors. The carefully crafted edginess is all part of the fourth-place carrier's "Uncarrier" marketing blitz, which positions it as the underdog taking on Verizon, AT&T and Sprint. Personal cell extenders aren't new, but T-Mobile says theirs are not the same products you can buy in stores. T-Mobile claims that one of these custom devices, which usually retail for around $200, can cover a phone up to 3,000 feet in any direction -- hundreds of feel farther than existing cell spots. "We've injected a secret sauce that prioritizes voice calls," said Neville Ray, T-Mobile's chief technology officer. That means that if someone is streaming video on a WiFi network while another person wants to make a call, the video may be slowed so that the phone call gets more bandwidth. The large black box has three external antennas, plugs into an Ethernet cable and can be used instead of existing routers. There is a $25 deposit for the box. T-Mobile is also bringing (limited) WiFi access to the skies. On planes that have GoGo InFlight Wireless service, T-Mobile customers will be able to send and receive texts and listen to voicemails for free. The technology already exists to let passengers make phone calls, but a tangle of airline and FAA rules -- not to mention potential backlash from other fliers -- is limiting this feature to quiet activities. Legere is ambitious and vocal about his desire to overtake the top three cell companies, which he calls the "Three Stooges." "T-Mobile just had its biggest month in company history," said Legere. "We will overtake Sprint this year ... next on our list is AT&T." Verizon offers iPhone 6 for free .
highlights: T-Mobile to offer free cell spots that plug into wireless networks to extend coverage . It will also support new phones that allow calls to jump from WiFi to a cell network . On planes with GoGo WiFi service, customers will be able to text and check voice mail .
id: f7693082878fad0b4c6ce381edf3bac0c4421f3c
chatgpt: T-Mobile has announced that it will soon offer free "Cell Spots" that plug into wireless networks for T-Mobile customers. This will allow customers to extend their cellular coverage indoors, where signal strength may not be as strong. In addition, T-Mobile will also support new phones that will allow calls to seamlessly jump from WiFi to a cell network. The "Cell Spots" are essentially small, powerful routers that T-Mobile customers can use in their homes or businesses to improve their cellular coverage. The routers will be free for T-Mobile customers with broadband Internet service, and they will be able to place and receive calls and texts over WiFi. Customers will also be able to make calls with high-definition (HD) Voice, a feature that offers crystal-clear sound quality reminiscent of in-person conversations. T-Mobile's new phones, such as the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5, will be able to switch between cellular and WiFi networks seamlessly, without any interruptions or changes in call quality. This feature is particularly useful for customers who live in areas with spotty cellular coverage or who frequently travel to places where there is no cellular coverage. For customers who frequently travel on planes with GoGo WiFi service, T-Mobile is also offering new features that allow them to stay connected while in the air. Customers will be able to send and receive text messages and check their voice mails, even when their phone is in airplane mode. This is because T-Mobile has partnered with GoGo, which offers in-flight WiFi service to many airlines. T-Mobile will offer a free hour of WiFi service to GoGo-enabled flights, as well as unlimited texting and messaging. These new features and offerings are part of T-Mobile's continued effort to provide better coverage and greater connectivity to its customers. The company has been steadily investing in new technologies and partnerships that will improve its network coverage and reliability. T-Mobile has also been offering a number of promotions and incentives to attract new customers, such as offering to pay off their existing phone contracts if they switch to T-Mobile. John Legere, the CEO of T-Mobile, said that these new offerings were just the beginning of many more innovative features that the company plans to bring to its customers. "At T-Mobile, we are not just a wireless carrier, we are a 'mobile first' company that is dedicated to providing our customers with the best possible mobile experience," Legere said. "We will continue to invest in new technologies and partnerships that will allow us to deliver on that promise, and to keep pushing the boundaries of what is possible in the mobile space."