article: By . Adam Shergold . Harry Kane and Aaron Lennon were on target as Tottenham completed their pre-season tour of North American with a comfortable win over Chicago Fire. After a draw with the Seattle Sounders and back-to-back wins against Toronto FC and now Chicago, Mauricio Pochettino can be satisfied with the results on their trip. The players struck at the start and end of an entertaining clash at Toyota Park, with Kane opening the scoring after just five minutes. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Aaron Lennon finish off a brilliant one-touch move . Fire extinguished: Harry Kane (left) is congratulated by Lewis Holtby and Ryan Mason after scoring an early goal to set Tottenham on their way to a comfortable 2-0 win over Chicago Fire . Rounding it off: Aaron Lennon grabbed Tottenham's second goal with six minutes remaining at Toyota Park . Attendance: 17,156 . Lewis Holtby stole possession from . Fire captain Jeff Larentowicz to find himself clean through on goal but . unselfishly squared for Kane to finish. Erik . Lamela, who was impressive once again after scoring twice against . Toronto on Wednesday, twice tested Fire goalkeeper Sean Johnson in an . open first-half. The Argentinean beat two defenders and played a tidy one-two with Andros Townsend before seeing his powerful effort saved. The MLS outfit posed the occasional threat going forward and Brad Friedel saved from Matt Watson's 25-yard effort. Both . teams made wholesale changes at half-time and by the 55th minute, Fire . had a completely different team on the field from the starting line-up. Spurs . substitute Ben Davies fired high and wide after Ryan Mason had played . him in to a shooting position, while Lennon underhit his volley when . Christian Eriksen teed him up. And with 15 minutes left, Iago Falque played in Roberto Soldado, only for defender Greg Cochrane to block his goal-bound shot. Falling into place: Mauricio Pochettino's team have remained unbeaten on their tour of the United States . Leap of faith: Aaron Lennon tries to get the better of Fire goalkeeper Kyle Reynish . However, Tottenham didn't have to wait much longer to score their second and settle the contest. Soldado . played a lovely ball over the top into Lennon's path and the winger . beat Jhon Kennedy Hurtado to the ball before beating goalkeeper Kyle . Reynish. Spurs searched for . a third but Reynish was quicker off his line to thwart Eriksen and . Bakary Soumare blocked a header from Soldado in stoppage time. Pochettino . now takes his team to Helsinki for a friendly with Celtic on Saturday, . before they welcome Schalke to White Hart Lane on August 9.
highlights: Tottenham completed their tour of North America unbeaten after 2-0 win over Chicago Fire . Harry Kane opened the scoring at Toyota Park on five minutes . Aaron Lennon added second goal six minutes from time in comfortable win . Spurs have drawn with Seattle and beaten Toronto and Chicago on tour .
id: 82a98f4b0522a2e96fb5c773b480eb010fc2065c
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur wrapped up their tour of North America on a high note, after beating the Chicago Fire 2-0 at Toyota Park on Sunday evening. The Premier League side were unbeaten throughout their tour, drawing with Seattle and beating Toronto and Chicago. It was a dominant performance from Spurs, who took the lead just five minutes into the game through no other than their talismanic striker Harry Kane. The England international, who has been in fine form throughout pre-season, fired a low shot past the Chicago goalkeeper, who had rushed out to try and smother the shot. It was a dream start for Spurs, and one that they never looked like relinquishing. Chicago, who currently sit bottom of the MLS Eastern Conference, struggled to get hold of the ball in the opening stages of the game, with Spurs dominating possession and dictating the tempo of the match. Tottenham's attacking trio of Kane, Son Heung-min, and Erik Lamela were constantly causing problems for the Chicago defence, with clever runs and intricate passes. Spurs continued to press forward as the game progressed, but it wasn't until the 84th minute that they added to their lead. Aaron Lennon, who had come on as a substitute in the second half, latched onto a loose ball inside the box and fired a shot past the helpless Chicago goalkeeper. It was a well-deserved goal for Tottenham, who had been in control for much of the game. After the game, Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino expressed his satisfaction with the team's performances during their tour of North America. "I'm very pleased with the way the team has played over the last few weeks," he said. "We've had some tough games against good opposition, and to come away unbeaten is a great achievement. We will take a lot of confidence from this tour into the new season." Tottenham will now return to England to prepare for their opening Premier League fixture against Aston Villa on 10th August. With the likes of Kane, Son, and Dele Alli in their squad, Spurs will be hoping to go one better than last season and end their long wait for a major trophy. And if their performances in North America are anything to go by, they could be in with a good chance of achieving that goal.