article: By . Joe Strange for MailOnline . Follow @@Joe_Strange . Jose Mourinho wants NFL-style timeouts to be introduced to football so that he can discuss tactics with his players twice during each game. The Chelsea boss believes managers would benefit from two brief stoppages - one in each half - to give specific instructions to their team and change formations. Speaking after his side's 2-0 win against Leicester, Mourinho told The Telegraph: 'Football is very slow to change the rules. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Jose Mourinho on transfers and Fernando Torres' future . Change: Jose Mourinho (above) has called for time-out breaks during Premier League football matches . 'How many years have we had to wait for goalline technology? 'I hope I am still in football when they give the coach the chance to stop the game during the first half once and during the second half because you can make the game much better.' The Blues were drawing 0-0 with Nigel Pearson's side at half-time before goals after the break from Diego Costa and Eden Hazard sealed their second consecutive Premier League victory. But Mourinho admitted that he wanted to speak with John Terry and Co just 10 minutes into the second period in order to rectify his side's substandard performance. He added: 'It would be interesting. Louis van Gaal in the World Cup, the referee stopped the game for the water break and he changed the system of his team and managed to win the game.' Dutch of class: Louis van Gaal would make use of World Cup water breaks to feed instructions to his players . Mind games: Mourinho would like to discuss tactics with his players during designated breaks in play .
highlights: Jose Mourinho wants NFL-style stoppages during Premier League matches . Mourinho would like breaks in play to give instructions to his players . Chelsea boss claims 'football is very slow to change the rules'
id: eb60ee405c76511aef975524c71be87cf0e9a8f2
chatgpt: Jose Mourinho, the Chelsea football club coach, has called for NFL-style stoppages during Premier League matches. He believes that breaks in play would give coaches the opportunity to give instructions to their players. Mourinho argues that football is "very slow to change the rules" and that stoppages in play could benefit the game. He has suggested that stoppages could be used to review important incidents, make substitutions or even to give coaches the chance to talk to their players. Mourinho's proposal has sparked a debate among football fans and experts. Some have embraced the idea, arguing that it could help teams adjust to changing situations during a match. Others, however, are wary of potential interruptions to the game's flow. Critics of Mourinho's proposal argue that football is meant to be a continuous, fluid game, and that stoppages would disrupt its rhythm. There are also concerns that stoppages could be used by coaches to exploit loopholes in the rules, or to slow down the pace of the game. Despite these concerns, Mourinho remains firm in his belief that stoppages would be beneficial to the game. He has suggested that the Premier League could trial the new rules during preseason matches, to gauge their effectiveness. Football has long been resistant to change, with many traditionalists arguing that the game's rules should remain unchanged. However, Mourinho's proposal highlights the need for football to consider and adapt to new ideas that could help improve the sport. Whether or not Mourinho's proposal is adopted, it is clear that the debate around the future of football continues to rage on. With new ideas and proposals emerging all the time, it is up to the sport's governing bodies to decide what changes, if any, are necessary to keep the game fresh, exciting and relevant.