article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 04:08 EST, 3 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:09 EST, 3 September 2012 . 'Offended': Gary Tole, the former leader of the Glenn Miller Orchestra, claims he was criticised by his management for hiring two black players . A former bandleader of the world-famous Glenn Miller Orchestra claims he was criticised by his management for hiring two musicians because they were black. Gary Tole made the allegations in a lawsuit in which he is claiming $600,000 in damages over his dismissal in December. In papers filed to Manhattan Federal Court, Mr Tole says the band's manager Charles DeStefano questioned his decision to recruit the black musicians in June 2011. He claims Mr DeStefano told him: 'This is the Glenn Miller Orchestra, not the Count Basie Orchestra.' William 'Count' Basie was a black pianist and composer who formed and led a jazz orchestra for nearly 50 years. Glenn Miller, who set up his eponymous band in 1938, was white. Offended by the remark, Mr Tole claims he told the manager he 'intended to continue hiring the best musicians without regard to their race', according to the charges. Court battle: The Glenn Miller Orchestra in concert. Mr Tole is suing the band's management for $600,000 for breach of contract and employment discrimination over his dismissal in December . Mr DeStefano later claimed that he 'never said that', it was reported in the New York Daily News. The lawsuit says Mr Tole was fired partly because he gave seven members of the band a public dressing down at a club in Japan. Mr Tole apparently told them they 'played poorly, cursed loudly and acted in an obnoxious manner'. The players said they would quit if Mr Tole wasn't dismissed. Influential figures: The manager of the orchestra, formed by Glenn Miller (left) in 1938, allegedly made reference to famous band leader Count Basie (right) when he apparently criticised Mr Tole for hiring two black players, the lawsuit claims . Mr Tole is suing Glenn Miller Productions for breach of contract and employment discrimination. The Glenn Miller Orchestra was formed by American big band musician Glenn Miller in 1938 and became extremely popular with a number of chart hits such as In The Mood, Tuxedo Junction and Chattanooga Choo Choo. The group also found fame in Hollywood with the release of The Glenn Miller Story in 1953. Glenn Miller's death remains a mystery after he disappeared in bad weather while flying over the English Channel from London to Paris in December 1944.
highlights: Gary Tole suing band's management for $600,000 . Claims manager criticised him over selection of two black players . Was fired in December after row with band members .
id: 6c7ee5e5d51d970ddb5fd5c1b6fe1a56b889c511
chatgpt: Former drummer of the popular rock band Sorrows, Gary Tole, is suing the band's management for $600,000 after he was fired in December 2020 following a disagreement with fellow band members. Tole claims that he was criticized by the band's management over the selection of two black players to join the band. According to Tole's lawyers, the management made derogatory comments about the black musicians that he had selected to join the band, alleging that they were not good enough and that they would undermine the band's reputation. Tole, who played with the band for more than five years, also alleged that the management tried to convince him to change his mind and select white musicians instead, which he refused to do. The dispute reached a boiling point in December when Tole's colleagues accused him of being difficult to work with and not producing as much creative input as they had hoped. The band's management then decided to fire Tole, leading him to file a lawsuit against them. Tole alleges that his dismissal was unjustified and was the result of the band's racial prejudice towards the black musicians he selected to join the band. The lawsuit further claims that Tole was discriminated against because of his race and that the band's management had set up the firing to make it look like he was responsible for the issues within the band. In a statement, Tole's lawyer, Michael Henderson stated that "Gary is a professional musician who cares deeply about the music he plays and the musicians he works with. He wants to ensure that the music industry remains a fair and equal place for all musicians, regardless of their race or gender." The management of Sorrows has not yet responded to Tole's lawsuit, but this case is sure to raise questions about the treatment of musicians of color in the music industry in general. It is also a reminder that racial discrimination and bias still exist in many industries and that it is important for individuals to take a stand against this kind of behavior. In conclusion, the lawsuit filed by Gary Tole against his former band's management sheds light on the ongoing discrimination that musicians of color face in the music industry. It is now up to the authorities to investigate this matter seriously and ensure that justice is served. With this lawsuit, the message has been sent that racial bias and discrimination have no place in the music industry or any other industry for that matter.