article: A Pennsylvania State Police officer shot in an ambush is conscious and speaking for the first time since his surgery, according to police. Trooper Alex T. Douglass was in stable but critical condition after being shot late Friday night just outside the police barracks in Blooming Grove, Commissioner Frank Noonan said. Police hope that Douglass can provide them with information that will help them identify a suspect. "We hope to interview him and see if he can provide any information on the incident," Trooper Tom Kelly, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania State Police, said Sunday night. Another Pennsylvania State Police officer, Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson, was killed in the attack. Police have not made any arrests in the case. Earlier, Noonan said police had no description of the shooter or any information about the motive. "It cuts us to the core that such an event could happen," Noonan said. "[They] really had no chance to defend themselves. It's a cowardly attack." The shooting happened at 10:50 p.m. Friday in a rural, wooded area. Dickson and Douglass were young troopers with families. Dickson previously served at the Philadelphia barracks, according to Noonan. "Every attack on an officer of the law is an attack on our state, our country and civilized society," Gov. Tom Corbett said in a statement. Corbett ordered that all state flags in the Capitol complex and at commonwealth facilities in Pike County fly at half-staff to honor Dickson. Investigators were interviewing a "person of interest" Saturday morning, but no arrests had been made, spokeswoman Trooper Connie Devens said. Noonan stressed that police would be interviewing "hundreds" of people. "This attack seems to be directed particularly at the Pennsylvania State Police," Noonan said, but warned that residents should be careful. "Until we have this person in custody, obviously everyone should be cautious and aware that there is a dangerous criminal on the loose," he said. Police from New York, New Jersey and throughout the Northeast are assisting in the search, Noonan said. Police have set up traffic checkpoints throughout the area, according to Kelly, for two reasons: To get "useful information" and to help the community feel more comfortable and secure. Pennsylvania State Police raised their reward to $50,000 for information that would help lead to the arrest and conviction of an individual responsible for the shooting. 2 officers from 'Alaska State Troopers' killed in confrontation .
highlights: One trooper is conscious after being shot . Pennsylvania Crime Stoppers offers a $50,000 reward to help find suspects . Police have named the two officers shot in an ambush . One trooper died from gunshot wounds .
id: c4a1cf585facd5466232902c25d08187b6b5ddcb
chatgpt: Tragedy struck last night in Pennsylvania when two state troopers were ambushed while on duty. The shooting occurred on a quiet road around 10 PM, leaving one trooper dead and the other seriously injured. The Pennsylvania State Police named the troopers as Trooper Alex T. Douglass, who was injured, and Trooper Bryon K. Dickson II, who tragically lost his life from the gunshot wounds he sustained. Reports indicate that both troopers were on patrol outside the Blooming Grove barracks in Pike County when they were suddenly ambushed. The shooter, or shooters, remain at large, and authorities are offering a $50,000 reward to anyone who can provide information that leads to an arrest in the case. As of now, authorities have not identified any suspects or a possible motive for the attack. However, they have stated that the investigation is ongoing and that they are pursuing all leads. Meanwhile, Trooper Douglass is recovering at Geisinger Community Medical Center in Scranton. Despite being shot in the course of his duty, he managed to call for backup before losing consciousness. He was transported to the hospital where he underwent surgery to remove a bullet from his pelvis. Thankfully, he is now conscious and expected to make a full recovery. The news of this tragedy has sent shockwaves throughout the state of Pennsylvania and beyond. Governor Tom Corbett released a statement expressing his condolences to the families of the troopers and condemning the senseless violence that occurred. “This vicious act of violence has no place in Pennsylvania,” he said. “We must do everything in our power to find the perpetrators of this heinous crime and bring them to justice.” Pennsylvania Crime Stoppers is assisting in the investigation by offering a reward for any tips that lead to the identification and arrest of the shooter or shooters. Anyone with information about the incident is urged to contact State Police at 570-895-2400. As the search for the suspect or suspects continues, the state police are asking for the public's help in identifying any suspicious activity or persons in the area at the time of the shooting. They are urging anyone who may have seen or heard anything to come forward and assist in the investigation. In the wake of this tragedy, the thoughts and prayers of the entire state are with the families of the fallen trooper and the injured trooper, as well as with the Pennsylvania State Police.