article: (CNN) -- Tiger Woods has confirmed that he will no longer be working with long-standing caddie Steve Williams after a successful 12-year relationship. Former world number one Woods, who has slipped to 20th in the world and is currently out of action with injuries to his left leg, confirmed the news on his official website. "I want to express my deepest gratitude to Stevie for all his help, but I think it's time for a change," Woods said. Woods follows agent to new company . "Stevie is an outstanding caddie and a friend and has been instrumental in many of my accomplishments. I wish him great success in the future." The pair joined forces in March 1999, at a time when Woods had won just one major title, and since then they have flourished as a partnership -- claiming 13 majors as well as a remarkable 50 other PGA Tour titles. The 35-year-old Woods, who has not yet decided on a replacement, missed the British Open at Sandwich last week with knee and Achilles injuries having also missed the U.S. Open last month. He had been out of action for two months prior to the British Open, initially suffering the injuries at the Masters in April before withdrawing after nine holes of the Players Championship at Sawgrass in mid-May. The American has not won a tournament since the Australian Masters in November 2009, just before some well-publicized problems in his private life came to light. New Zealander Williams, 47, has caddied for Australia's Adam Scott at the last two majors and he later issued his own statement confirming that he would now caddie for Scott permanently, while expressing surprise at Woods' decision. Williams said on his own official website: "After 13 years of loyal service needless to say this came as a shock. "Given the circumstances of the past 18 months, working through Tiger's scandal, a new coach and with it a major swing change and Tiger battling through injuries, I am very disappointed to end our very successful partnership at this time," he added. "I have had the opportunity to work of late for Australian Adam Scott and will now caddie for him on a permanent basis."
highlights: Tiger Woods and caddie Steve Williams have parted company after 12 years . The pair got together in March 1999 and won 13 majors as a partnership . Kiwi Williams caddied for Australian Adam Scott at the last two majors .
id: 394cc0c908bd1b30b7adad2a91547da4d27d269a
chatgpt: Tiger Woods and his longtime caddie Steve Williams have officially ended their 12-year partnership, leaving many fans and players in shock. The pair had teamed up in March 1999 and went on to become one of the most formidable partnerships in golf history, winning 13 majors together. Their relationship was not without its ups and downs, with Williams famously calling the 2011 AT&T National win with Adam Scott "the best win of my career" and Woods going through a much-publicized sex scandal in 2009 that led to a temporary hiatus from the sport. However, despite any setbacks, the two always seemed to have a close working relationship. This makes the surprising news that they have parted ways all the more difficult to understand. Some analysts believe that Williams' recent work with Adam Scott may have caused tensions between him and Woods. According to sources close to the situation, Woods was less than thrilled when he learned that Williams would be working with Scott at the last two majors. It remains to be seen what both Woods and Williams will do next. As for Woods, he has had a difficult time on the course recently, struggling with injuries and a lack of form that has seen him slip down the rankings. Many fans are calling for Woods to hire a new caddie quickly, as they believe this could be the key to getting his game back on track. However, others wonder if Woods needs to take a break from golf altogether in order to deal with his personal issues and get his head back in the game. As for Williams, it is unclear who he will work with next. Some speculate that he may continue to caddie for Adam Scott, while others believe he may be on the lookout for a new partnership. Whatever the future holds for Woods and Williams, there is no denying that their partnership was one of the most successful in golf history. Fans will be watching closely to see what happens next, and hoping that both men are able to find success on and off the course in the coming months.