article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 03:29 EST, 6 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:39 EST, 6 December 2013 . Most people know the handful of rules that govern using the London Underground – such as letting passengers off the train first and not prizing the doors open when the train is trying to set off. These orders are barked out by station staff through a loudspeaker system. Parisians also have rules for their underground system. However, these have been distributed with a little more sophistication – via an online ‘politeness’ manual released by the Paris transport authority to ensure civility prevails at all times. Rules: Paris has released an etiquette guide for using the Metro system . Called the ‘Manuel du savoir-vivre à l’usage du voyageur moderne’ – or ‘politeness manual for the modern traveller’ - it lists 12 ‘commandments’ for Parisians to abide by and comes complete with quaint sketches to illustrate the points. The online guide, which was drawn up using suggestions from the public, is split into four categories – ‘helpfulness’, ‘courtesy’, ‘manners’ and ‘politeness’. The rules insist that Parisians must offer help to tourists ‘in Bermuda shirts with a metro map in one hand and the other hand in their hair’, hold the door open for passengers behind them – and greet the driver. Take note: The guide advises travellers not to play music loudly on the Metro . Travellers should also understand, the guide states, that ‘the huge crossed out cigarette on the platform is not a work of art but a ban on smoking’. The guide is also as mischievous as it is sarcastic. ‘It's worth losing two minutes of your time for a good cause if only to hear the [foreign] passenger struggle to pronounce [the metro stops] 'Trinité d'Estienne d'Orves' or 'La Motte Piquet-Grenelle', it says. Watch out: Staring at beautiful women is rude, the online Metro guide says . The key no-nos are not playing music too loudly through headphones, resisting the temptation to stare for a long time at beautiful women and holding back from starting a fight with someone who’s just stepped on your toes. Loud phone conversations should also be avoided, old lady’s bags should be carried up stairs, armpits should be covered by arms and not exposed to the carriage – and handkerchiefs not just used to wave someone off with, but to sneeze into. Last but not least – the Metro is not to be mistaken for a lavatory. It's the pits: Arms should be kept by your side at all times on the Paris Metro .
highlights: The rules were drawn up using suggestions from the Paris public . They have been published online by the city's transport authority . The guide suggests greeting the driver and sneezing into handkerchiefs .
id: eb75d48a8dbb280c6015fc19154d92f9d6315e63
chatgpt: Paris - The Paris public has contributed to the creation of new rules for public transport, which have been released online by the city's transport authority. The guide, which details etiquette on public transport, was created using suggestions from members of the public and highlights the dos and don'ts of travelling on Paris' public transport system. Among the suggestions put forward by members of the public, the importance of greeting the driver was highlighted. This important step not only acknowledges the driver's presence, but also helps to create a friendly and respectful atmosphere on the vehicle. Failure to do so, the guide notes, can cause tension and make for an uncomfortable journey for all. Another suggestion put forward was the importance of sneezing into handkerchiefs, or into the crook of the elbow if a handkerchief is not available. This has been highlighted as part of efforts to reduce the spread of germs, and to promote good hygiene practices amongst those travelling on public transport. Other suggestions put forward in the guide include the importance of not taking up multiple seats, not listening to music on loudspeakers and avoiding eating on public transport. By adhering to these simple rules, members of the public can help to create a safer and more comfortable environment for everyone travelling on public transport. The publication of the new rules has been met with mixed reactions. Some have welcomed the guide as a means of promoting a more pleasant experience for all on public transport, while others have criticized it as being unnecessary and overly intrusive. However, the transport authority has defended its decision to create the guide, pointing out that it was created in response to the needs and opinions of members of the public themselves. Paris' public transport system is known for its wide range of transport options and high level of accessibility, and it is hoped that the publication of these new rules will help to further improve the experience for both locals and visitors alike. By promoting respect, courtesy and good hygiene habits amongst those using the system, the guide represents an important step in the ongoing evolution of public transport etiquette in the city. In conclusion, the new etiquette guide for public transport in Paris offers an important new resource for those using the city's public transport system. The rules, which were created using suggestions from members of the public themselves, highlight the importance of respect, courtesy and good hygiene practices when travelling on public transport. While some may criticize the guide as being intrusive or unnecessary, its creators hope that it will help to create a more pleasant and safe experience for all those who use public transport in the city.