article: (CNN) -- More than 230 civilians have died in fighting over the past two weeks between Somali transitional government forces and Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia's capital of Mogadishu, the U.N. refugee agency said on Tuesday. At least 400 people have been wounded and 23,000 displaced in the latest violence, the agency reported. So far this year, more than 200,000 civilians are believed to have fled their homes in the capital, it said. "People who have been able to reach northern Somalia and neighbouring countries are mostly arriving on foot and by small buses and traveling without shelter. They tell our staff that the streets of Mogadishu are completely deserted and that people are too afraid to leave their houses. In these dangerous and difficult conditions, aid distributions are becoming rare and those who venture out are risking their lives," the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said. The agency said people are leaving the capital for other parts of Somalia, such as Puntland, or to the neighboring countries of Ethiopia and Kenya, and across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen. Somalia generates the largest number of refugees in the world after Afghanistan and Iraq, the agency said. At the end of August, there were more than 614,000 Somali refugees and over 1.4 million people displaced within the country. "The collapse of the state, spiraling violence and anarchy, compounded by poverty, has led to one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world and unacceptable suffering of the civilian population," the agency said. African Union troops from other countries have been helping the transitional government fight the Islamist insurgents, who are trying to topple the government. In fact, Uganda recently said it is deploying an additional 750 peacekeeping troops to Mogadishu. The increase is a fulfillment of the commitment pledged by the government of Uganda at the African Union Summit in July. The African Union agreed to send an additional 2,000 troops total to Mogadishu. Djibouti and Guinea are also expected to send their battalions. When all parties fully deploy the pledged troops, the number of AU troops will increase up to 7,000, said Fred Opolot, Ugandan government spokesman. "The increase in the troops comes as a response from the government of Uganda and AU to the recent attacks in Kampala carried out by Al-Shabaab," said Opolot, referring to the bomb attacks on World Cup fans in Uganda in July, which left as many as 79 people dead.
highlights: Troops and militants have been fighting in Mogadishu . The unrest has displaced tens of thousands of people . Somalis are going to Puntland, Kenya, Ethiopia and Yemen to escape the violence .
id: b9f7aef6359d578c71cfd7330a82bd352d8d27ef
chatgpt: Fierce fighting between Somali government troops and militants in Mogadishu has led to the displacement of tens of thousands of people. The violence has escalated in recent weeks, with both sides resorting to heavy artillery and attacks on civilian areas. Many residents have already fled the city, seeking refuge in neighboring countries like Puntland, Kenya, Ethiopia, and Yemen. The ongoing conflict has left the civilians in Mogadishu living in a constant state of fear with many having no access to basic amenities such as healthcare, shelter or clean water. The United Nations has warned that over the last month alone, more than 50,000 people have been forced out of their homes due to the fighting. Children have been the most vulnerable in the crisis, with many suffering from malnutrition and diseases due to the lack of access to adequate medical facilities. "The humanitarian crisis in Mogadishu is escalating rapidly. Over 53,000 people have been displaced in just four weeks, and the number is still growing," stated IOM Somalia Chief of Mission, Gerard Waite, in a recent press briefing. "The situation is catastrophic, and the needs are huge." Those that have managed to flee the city have sought refuge in makeshift camps, often without proper shelter, food, or water. Many others have been forced to sleep on the streets, relying on aid from local organizations and the government. The Somali government has promised to restore order in Mogadishu and has vowed to take action against the militants who have been terrorizing residents. However, previous attempts to establish a lasting peace have been unsuccessful, and the recent clashes indicate that the situation is unlikely to improve anytime soon. The conflict has also disrupted key government services, including education and healthcare, and has had severe impacts on the local economy. Mogadishu has historically been a significant commercial hub, but the ongoing unrest has made it difficult for traders and businesses to operate, leading to economic hardship for many. The UN has urged the international community to ramp up support to those affected by the crisis, calling for greater humanitarian assistance as well as more substantial political investment in Somalia's peace-building process. As the fighting between troops and militants continues to escalate, many civilians in Mogadishu remain in perilous conditions, with no end in sight to the violence and displacement. The international community must act urgently to support those impacted by the crisis and help to establish a lasting peace in the region.