article: Mehdi Benatia will be staying at Roma according to the Italian club's boss Rudi Garcia. The Moroccan defender has been heavily linked with a move to Manchester City or Barcelona after an impressive debut season at Roma but Garcia insists the 27-year-old will not be leaving the Stadio Olimpico. Going nowhere: Roma boss Rudi Garcia has said defender Mehdi Benatia will not be leaving the club . '[Miralem] Pjanic's contract renewal . is a signal. We will keep our players and reinforce,' the former Lille . manager told L'Equipe. 'Benatia has four years left on his contract and no release clause. He will remain with us next term. 'It's logical that clubs are interested in him, looking at the season he had.' Benatia is valued at £25million and is favoured by new Barcelona boss Luis Enrique as the man to bolster their backline. Strong at the back: Manchester City and Barcelona are considering a move for Roma's Benatia (left) City . are considering their options in light of last week's Financial Fair . Play ruling with Stoke City's Ryan Shawcross another possible target . because of the 'homegrown' factor. The . Premier League champions need to boost their allocation with Joleon . Lescott, Micah Richards, Scott Sinclair, James Milner and Jack Rodwell . all expected to leave with the latter two attracting attention from . Arsenal, Liverpool and Newcastle. The . Etihad outfit have developed their interest in the centre-back after . defensive target Eliaquim Mangala has done little to endear himself to . City fans after saying he would prefer a move to Chelsea instead. The Porto defender came close to moving to Manchester in January but the clubs could not agree a fee. When asked which club he would rather . join, the France international told BeIn Sports: 'City or Chelsea? Chelsea because it is London. 'It is true that I love the Premier League because it is a spectacular championship,' Mangala added. Sharp shooter: Benatia is considered one of the best defenders in Italy after impressing at Udinese and Roma . 'In January, there were discussions with City but it fell through because the two clubs could not reach an agreement. 'My goal now is the World Cup. We will see what happens after that. I told [agent] Jorge Mendes that I don't want to know anything about the transfer window until then. 'Every player wants to play in the biggest clubs. I am an ambitious player and the team that can help me win titles is the one that interests me.' Targeted: Roma defender Benatia is favoured by Barcelona coach Luis Enrique to bolster their defence .
highlights: Medhi Benatia won't be leaving Roma according to boss Rudi Garcia . Barcelona and Manchester City have been linked with a move for Benatia . The Moroccan defender is valued at £25million by Serie A side Roma . Luis Enrique is interested in bringing the 27-year-old to the Nou Camp . Eliaquim Mangala is also a defensive target for City . Stoke City's Ryan Shawcross may be another target for the Premier League champions due to Fianancial Fair Play's ruling .
id: 28530fdeb0e256b23bdd8e1a38b9c8a837df6d54
chatgpt: Roma manager Rudi Garcia has scotched any ideas of defender Medhi Benatia leaving the club following weeks of speculation linked to Manchester City and Barcelona. Valued at £25 million by the Italian giants, Benatia has been subject to intense interest from La Liga giants, Barcelona, as they look to bolster their defensive options following a disappointing showing in their domestic and European campaign last season. However, Garcia is adamant that his star defender isn't going anywhere. Speaking to reporters, Garcia maintained that Benatia is focused entirely on the upcoming season with Roma and won't be distracted by any transfer speculation. "Mehdi has shown in the past, and he continues to show every day in training and in games, that he is fully committed to this team. He is a vital player for us and we're very pleased to have him." This news will come as a big disappointment for Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini, who has earmarked the Moroccan international as his number one target for the summer transfer window to shore up his defensive options following a difficult title defence last season. However, Pellegrini's side isn't the only Premier League club looking to reinforce their defence. Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross is reportedly another target, with City weighing up a move for the commanding centre-half after Financial Fair Play (FFP) rulings meant the club had to tighten their purse strings. City's Premier League title rivals, Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal, have all spent big on defensive reinforcements this summer, leaving City behind in the chase for coveted centre-backs. Meanwhile, Manchester City's Premier League rivals are circling for another of their defensive targets, Eliaquim Mangala. With Barcelona focusing on Benatia, the Manchester club made their move for the former Porto defender, only for the Spanish champions to reignite their interest in the Moroccan. Although the Benatia deal is now looking increasingly unlikely, Mangala could yet provide a significant boost to City's defensive ranks, although they'll have to fend off Liverpool's own interest in the Frenchman. With a week left until the transfer window slams shut, City is looking increasingly desperate to reinforce their leaky defence and prevent losing ground in the race to win their second Premier League title in three seasons. However, it appears that the Financial Fair Play rules being implemented by UEFA continue to hinder their ambitions, with their other targets proving elusive. For now, it appears that Benatia will be staying put at Roma while City and Barcelona continue their search for defensive reinforcements elsewhere.