article: By . Andrew Cawthorne . Argentina are playing far below their best, are over-reliant on Lionel Messi and must improve if they are to beat Belgium in their World Cup quarter-finals, according to Diego Maradona. 'We still haven't got started,' Maradona, who won the 1986 World Cup with Argentina, said in a withering analysis of the team's performances so far at the tournament in Brazil. 'They need to get it into their heads that we can't be "Sporting Messi'. Maybe he can score a great goal ... but if it doesn't come off for the kid, we can't jump on him tomorrow as if he's guilty of the Argentine disaster.' VIDEO Scroll down to watch some hilarious classic Maradona moments . Over-reliant: Diego Maradona believes there is too much pressure on Argentina's Lionel Messi this summer . VIDEO All Star XI: Messi highlights . In the know: Maradona, pictured here with Gary Lineker, says they are in danger of becoming 'Sporting Messi' Maradona, Argentina's coach at the last World Cup where they went out in the quarter-finals, was speaking on Venezuelan TV after Argentina's defeat of Switzerland this week. His comments were widely reported in Latin American media on Thursday. He said Argentina's big name team were playing at only 40 percent of their capacity and criticized them for only squeaking past Switzerland 1-0 with a last-gasp goal in extra time. 'Man-for-man, and collectively, Argentina are better. They (the Swiss) may make good watches but they have few footballers,' the always controversial Maradona said. Argentina, who were to train behind closed doors on Thursday at their camp in Belo Horizonte before flying to Brasilia for Saturday's game versus Belgium, won all three group games before beating the Swiss in the last 16. Messi has won man-of-the-match in each game, and scored four of Argentina's seven goals. But the wins have all been by one-goal margins and have masked some subdued individual performances by other players expected to make bigger contributions. Adds insult to injury: Maradona also claims Switzerland are better at making watches than playing football . 'The kid (Messi) is very alone ... The team doesn't have a change of rhythm, movements in its strikers,' added Maradona, saying the players lacked a give-it-all attitude. 'I feel something very strong inside, like bitterness, rage, frustration, because Argentina can play much, much better ... The coach has to impose this." If they do not improve against Belgium, "we're in trouble,' he said. Argentina have won the World Cup twice and would dearly love to lift it for a third time on the soil of their great rivals Brazil. Tens of thousands of blue-and-white-clad Argentines have flooded across the border to cheer them on. VIDEO Team Profile: Argentina .
highlights: Maradona says Argentina are in danger of becoming 'Sporting Messi' Switzerland were beaten by South Americans in World Cup Second Round . Maradona claims Switzerland are better watch-makers than they are footballers .
id: 23de39b9237d818907ab6d3d2768a83ad4d58156
chatgpt: Diego Maradona, the legendary Argentine footballer, has expressed his concern about the state of Argentina's football team. Maradona claims that Argentina is in danger of relying solely on Lionel Messi to win matches, becoming what he calls "Sporting Messi." He further noted that this over-dependence on Messi could hurt the team in the long run. Maradona's comments come after Argentina's narrow victory over Switzerland in the second round of the World Cup. The match was a close one, with the South Americans managing to edge out a win thanks to Angel Di Maria's late winner. Maradona, who was present at the game, was not impressed with Argentina's display and went on to criticize their style of play. Maradona believes that Argentina needs to be more of a team and not just rely on Messi's brilliance to win matches. Messi is undoubtedly one of the best players in the world, but Maradona insists that Argentina needs to have a plan B when things are not going well. He suggests that Argentina should have a more collective approach, with players working together to create opportunities for each other. Maradona also took a dig at Switzerland, who were the opponents in the recent World Cup match. He claimed that Switzerland is better known for their watch-making skills than their footballing abilities. Maradona's comments are likely to have angered the Swiss team and their supporters, who will take them as a slight on their footballing prowess. It is not the first time that Maradona has spoken out about Argentina's football team. He has been a vocal critic of the team's performances and has been calling for changes to be made. Maradona is not alone in his concerns; many Argentinian fans are worried that the team is too reliant on Messi and that the rest of the players are not pulling their weight. Argentina is one of the favorites to win the World Cup, but their performances so far have not been convincing. They have relied heavily on Messi's brilliance, and it remains to be seen if they can win the tournament without him performing at his best. Maradona's comments will add to the pressure on the team, as they prepare for the quarter-finals. In conclusion, Maradona's comments reflect the concerns of many Argentinian supporters, who are worried about the team's over-dependence on Messi. If Argentina is to win the World Cup, they need to have a more collective approach, with all players contributing to the team's success. Maradona's criticism of Switzerland may have been harsh, but it serves as a wake-up call for the team to raise their game and perform at their best.