article: Louisville, Kentucky (CNN) -- In the big drama this election year -- whether Republicans will take control of the Senate -- the answer may rest in the hands of women candidates. Especially after Tuesday's primaries. Women contenders grabbed headlines from a primary victory in Kentucky, where Democratic nominee Alison Lundergan Grimes emphatically told supporters: "I am not an empty dress," to Oregon, where Republican hopeful and pediatric neurosurgeon Monica Wehby touted her own qualifications for Senate: "I am a doctor, a mom." And in Georgia, the retirement of a Republican senator drew an unexpectedly popular would-be Democratic replacement in Michelle Nunn, who boasted that "Washington is going to learn a thing or two from our campaign." Add these candidates to the list of vulnerable female senators in Louisiana, North Carolina and New Hampshire and it's clear the balance of power in the Senate could depend on how women candidates in both parties fare. 5 things we learned from Tuesday's primary . In no place is gender more at play than in Kentucky, where Grimes is running a fierce challenge to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell. "I am a strong Kentucky woman who is an independent thinker," Grimes told supporters Tuesday night. Grimes is already leaning way in -- using her gender to appeal to female voters, who make up more than half the Kentucky electorate. And she's playing up the fact that polls show 30-year Senate veteran McConnell is especially unpopular with women. Grimes connected to big donors, big hitters . On the eve of his Republican primary, we asked McConnell whether he suffered from a gender gap problem. "We'll find out in November, won't we?" McConnell said. "I mean, the point is women in Kentucky have been treated just as badly in this environment as men have." But McConnell's overt appeal to women belies that bravado. In his victory speech Tuesday, the most powerful Republican in the Senate spoke glowingly of both his late mother and his wife Elaine Chao, a former cabinet secretary under George W. Bush. And McConnell told the stories of three Kentucky women he said were hurt by President Barack Obama's health care law. Democrats' other big hope for picking up a GOP Senate seat is Michelle Nunn, daughter of veteran Sen. Sam Nunn, in Georgia. "I believe that change is possible," she said in a speech on Tuesday. Gloves are off in marquee Senate battle . As for Republicans, Monica Wehby is a pediatric neurosurgeon hoping to unseat Democrat Jeff Merkley in Oregon, running as a political outsider. "I'm not a career politician," Wehby said in a speech Tuesday night. Republicans are favored to pick up a Democratic seat in West Virginia with Shelley Moore Capito, but even if she loses to Democrat Natalie Tennant, either way the state would elect its first female senator. There are currently 20 women senators, a record but still far from representative of the country, which is more than 50% female. 2014 could mark another historic number. CNN's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .
highlights: Women are candidates in several key Senate races . Republicans need to flip six Democratic-held seats to win control of the Senate . Gender is at play in the this year's marquee Senate race in Kentucky .
id: c66ffbb74a79686d6caa3adcbdb81bbe8a0f2333
chatgpt: With the 2020 United States Senate races heating up, it's not just the usual partisan politics that are taking the center stage. Women are stepping up and taking center stage as candidates in several key races across the country. The Republican Party is looking to flip six Democratic-held seats in order to take control of the Senate, and several women have thrown their hats into the ring as candidates. Among them is a former fighter pilot in Arizona, a Maine state representative, and a businesswoman in North Carolina. However, it's the marquee Senate race in Kentucky where gender is playing a particularly notable role. Incumbent Republican Senator Mitch McConnell is seeking re-election, and he's being challenged by Democrat Amy McGrath, a retired Marine fighter pilot. McGrath's candidacy is noteworthy because she is the first woman to win a major-party nomination for a Senate seat in Kentucky. In addition, gender issues are coming to the forefront in this race because McConnell has been a key player in efforts to roll back abortion rights and to confirm conservative judges who may be hostile to women's reproductive health care. McGrath has made a point of highlighting these issues in her campaign, pointing out that McConnell voted against the Violence Against Women Act and has sought to defund Planned Parenthood. She has also criticized McConnell for blocking the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill that would help to close the gender pay gap. Despite the attention that gender issues are receiving in this race, it's important to note that McGrath is not relying solely on her gender to win votes. She has also emphasized her military experience and her commitment to improving health care, education, and infrastructure in Kentucky. Meanwhile, McConnell has been touting his own record as Senate Majority Leader, pointing out his efforts to confirm conservative judges and to pass a major tax cut bill in 2017. He has also criticized McGrath for being too liberal for Kentucky, highlighting her support for the Green New Deal and her opposition to certain gun rights. McConnell is seen as a formidable opponent, given his long tenure in the Senate and his ability to raise significant campaign funds. However, recent polling suggests that the race is tightening, with some showing a virtual tie between the two candidates. The outcome of the Kentucky Senate race could have significant implications for the balance of power in the Senate, as well as for the future direction of policies related to gender issues, reproductive health care, and other key areas. It's also worth noting that McGrath is not the only woman running in a key Senate race this year - in addition to the other women mentioned earlier, there are female candidates running in states like Iowa, Georgia, and South Carolina. Overall, the 2020 Senate races are shaping up to be a fascinating and significant political contest, with gender issues playing a notable role in several key races. As voters head to the polls, it will be interesting to see how much sway gender issues have at the ballot box - and whether women candidates will be able to make major gains in representation in the upper chamber of Congress.