article: A free-kick in an attacking position should be a goalscoring opportunity but defenders reduce the risk by encroaching. As soon as the ref turns his back they look to gain two yards. It drives me mad! It makes it harder to get the shot up and over the wall. The spray used yesterday stops defenders from cheating. It has been trialled in domestic leagues in Brazil and Argentina: let’s get it into the Premier League immediately. In action: The spray stops defensive walls from encroaching too far forward . Cesar proves he's top class . It was good to see Julio Cesar playing last night. He is a top quality goalkeeper who had a frustrating season before leaving QPR for Toronto on loan. High flyer: Julio Cesar (right) showed on Thursday evening why he is Brazil number one keeper . He was allowed to leave to reduce the wage bill and for no other reason. He is a very talented goalkeeper and technically excellent. Let’s see what happens to him next season. Brazil are weak on the wings . Brazil have some terrific players but they are weak in the full-back areas. Marcelo and Danny Alves want to be wingers. They leave a lot of space behind them and teams watching them last night will look to get in on the flanks against them. Left behind: Dani Alves (left) was not exposed defensively as he constantly pushed foward . Their whole defence might be the most talented of all time, but they are so good at going forward they sometimes forget to defend! Neymar thriving at being top dog . Neymar comes to life in a yellow No 10 shirt. He’s second in command to Lionel Messi at Barcelona but he thrives on being top dog for Brazil. Golden boy: Neymar is thriving under the pressure of being Brazil's talisman . Two goals and he’s off and running in the Golden Boot race. But that penalty decision was horrendous, wasn’t it? A joke. A real home call. The referee looked like he couldn’t wait to give it too. I hope England don’t suffer such an abysmal decision.
highlights: Referee used spray to stop defenders encroaching at free-kicks during Brazil's World Cup 2014 opener win over Croatia . Vanishing spray has been trialled in domestic leagues in Brazil and Argentina . Spray must be used in Premier League to stop cheating .
id: 4b2a1edbf0a4bbbebaa3b5aeffe232f6277152e0
chatgpt: The use of vanishing spray by referees during the World Cup has been met with a positive response from football fans around the world. Brazil's World Cup 2014 opener win over Croatia saw the referee use the spray to stop defenders encroaching at free-kicks. This innovative technique, which was trialled in domestic leagues in Brazil and Argentina, has proved to be a game-changer. The spray, which is made of water and a harmless propellant, is sprayed by the referee on the pitch to mark the spot where the ball should be placed for free-kicks. This helps to prevent defenders from creeping towards the ball before it is kicked, a practice that has been prevalent in football for many years. The use of the spray has been hailed as a major success by football experts and fans alike. It has been credited with reducing the amount of cheating in football, as defenders are unable to gain an unfair advantage by encroaching on free-kicks. The spray has also helped to speed up the game, as referees no longer have to spend time lecturing defenders for encroaching. Despite the clear benefits of the vanishing spray, its use in the Premier League has been delayed. This has led to calls from football fans for the Premier League to adopt the spray as soon as possible. Many have argued that the use of the spray is essential in order to eradicate cheating from the game. The Premier League's reluctance to adopt the spray has been met with criticism from football experts. They have argued that the spray has proved to be effective in other leagues around the world, and there is no reason why it should not be adopted by the Premier League. The use of the vanishing spray has also been hailed as a major breakthrough for referees, as it helps them to maintain control of the game. Referees are no longer subjected to abuse from players and managers, who often dispute their decisions during free-kicks. In conclusion, the use of vanishing spray in football has been a major positive development. It has helped to reduce cheating in the game and has made life easier for referees. Despite its success in other leagues, the Premier League has been reluctant to adopt the spray. However, fans are hopeful that the spray will eventually be used in the Premier League, leading to a fairer and more transparent game.