article: The life of a New York State resident came to a shocking and grisly end Monday when police say he committed suicide by beheading himself in The Bronx. Tomas Rivera, 51, from Port Jervis, New York, tied his head with a chain to a pole in the Hunts Point section of the borough and then pressed the gas pedal on his car. Moments later, the man was decapitated, with his severed head left lying in the middle of Longfellow Avenue. Ghastly scene: Tomas Rivera, 51, beheaded himself on Longfellow Avenue in The Bronx (pictured) using a chain and his Honda Pilot . According to police speaking to New York Daily News, the incident took place just after 9.30am Monday in the 500 block of Longfellow Avenue. Tomas Rivera attached a chain to an electric pole and then settled behind the wheel of his white 2005 Honda Pilot. The other end of the metal cable was tied around his neck. The motorist then put the vehicle in drive, police say, and as the Honda lurched forward, Rivera’s head was ripped from his body. The out-of-control vehicle continued speeding down the street before it crashed into a parked car. The impact of the collision caused Tomas Rivera's headless body to be ejected from the Honda onto the street, New York Post reported. Pedestrians who came upon the horrific sight of the headless body initially thought the death was the result of a tragic accident. Grisly suicide plot: Police say the man tied one end of a chain to this pole and another around his neck before he hit the gas pedal . However, when officers arrived on the scene and launched an investigation, they quickly discovered the chain tied to the pole and obtained surveillance video showing Mr Rivera orchestrating his gruesome suicide. There is no word at this time what prompted the 51-year-old man to end his life in such a grotesque manner. For confidential support call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-8255 .
highlights: Tomas Rivera, 51, was found on Longfellow Avenue in The Bronx with his head ripped from his body . Police say the Port Jervis man used his Honda Pilot and a metal chain tied to a pole to end his life .
id: 3ee0f9e52d581cc9e40ce44213f5fc965ae299d3
chatgpt: A gruesome incident in The Bronx has left the community in shock. Tomas Rivera, a 51-year-old man from Port Jervis, was found on Longfellow Avenue with his head ripped from his body. The police believe that he used his Honda Pilot and a metal chain tied to a pole to end his life. The incident was reported by a passerby who saw Rivera's body lying on the pavement. The police arrived on the scene soon after and cordoned off the area. The investigation revealed that Rivera had parked his SUV on the side of the road and attached a metal chain to a nearby pole. He then secured the other end of the chain to his neck and drove the car forward at high speed, which resulted in his head being ripped off. The police have ruled his death as a suicide, and it is believed that he was going through a difficult time. However, the shock and horror of the incident has left the community traumatized. Rivera's friends and family have expressed their disbelief and sadness at the news. One of Rivera's neighbors, who wished to remain anonymous, said that he was a quiet man who had lived in the area for a few years. "It's hard to believe that something like this could happen here. We never expected it," she said. The police have also expressed their sympathy for Rivera's family and have encouraged anyone who may be struggling with mental health issues to seek help. "We understand that life can be tough sometimes, but suicide is never the answer. There are always people who care and want to help," said a police spokesperson. The incident has sent shockwaves through the community, and many are struggling to come to terms with it. However, it has also highlighted the importance of mental health awareness and support. At a time when many are facing difficult times, it is essential to reach out for help and support. No one has to face their struggles alone.