article: (CNN) -- The Los Angeles Kings scored in double overtime Friday night, defeating the New York Rangers 3-2 and winning their second Stanley Cup in three years. Alec Martinez slapped in the winning goal and the National Hockey League's championship trophy went to the Kings after a thrilling Game 5 at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles. The Kings had to work hard to claim the prize. Los Angeles took an early lead with a goal by Justin Williams, but the Rangers battled back and tied it with a power-play goal by Chris Kreider late in the second period. Brian Boyle scored again for the Rangers minutes later, making the score 2-1 New York. The Kings tied it 2-2 in the third period with a power-play goal by Marian Gaborik. The crowd chanted "We want the cup" as the game headed down the stretch of regulation time. The scrappy Rangers took only one game in the series, a 2-1 victory Wednesday in New York. Los Angeles netted its first Stanley Cup in 2012 by defeating the New Jersey Devils. That title ended decades of futility for a franchise struggling for success in a sport typically associated with frigid temperatures and icy lakes. Their run over the past couple years has given the Kings attention and traction with a metropolitan fan base dominated by the NBA's Lakers and Clippers, baseball's Dodgers and Angels, and football and basketball at UCLA and the University of Southern California. NYC mayor to appear on Kimmel to honor bet . A Monday victory parade is planned in downtown Los Angeles, according to Mayor Eric Garcetti. "We all feel tremendous pride today," Garcetti said after the win. "Our Kings of the ice were once considered underdogs. But with two Stanley Cup wins in three years, they have proved they are Kings of the game." The first-term mayor will also get to revel in watching a fellow rookie -- New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio -- hold up his end of a bet the two city chiefs made on the series. De Blasio announced before the series that if the Rangers lost, he would perform Randy Newman's "I love LA" on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Had the Kings lost, Garcetti would have had to have performed Frank Sinatra's "New York, New York" on the ABC late-night program, according to a de Blasio press release. The New York mayor is also on the hook for supplying Kimmel's studio audience in Los Angeles with hot dogs from Gray's Papaya, a Big Apple landmark.
highlights: The winning goal was scored in the second overtime period . Going into the game, the Kings led the series 3-1 . It's the second Stanley Cup for the Kings in 3 seasons . Mayors of L.A., New York wager on outcome .
id: 31141ae496f4efec6f06dcd632591fdeb931d8c2
chatgpt: The Los Angeles Kings have won the 2014 Stanley Cup Final in dramatic fashion, clinching the championship with a thrilling victory over the New York Rangers in double overtime. The winning goal was scored by Alec Martinez, a defenseman, with just over five minutes remaining in the second overtime period. Going into the final game, the Kings had a 3-1 lead in the series, but the Rangers were not ready to give up without a fight. The game itself was a tense affair, with both teams trading chances and creating numerous scoring opportunities throughout the contest. Despite heroic performances by both goaltenders, Henrik Lundqvist for the Rangers and Jonathan Quick for the Kings, neither team was able to capitalize on the many scoring chances they generated in regulation time. As the game wore on, the tension began to mount in the arena, and both teams became increasingly desperate to score the all-important winning goal. But it was the Kings who ultimately prevailed, thanks to Martinez's heroics in the second overtime period. With this victory, the Kings have won their second Stanley Cup championship in just three seasons, cementing their status as one of the most dominant teams in the league. The team's victory has been celebrated by fans across Los Angeles, who have taken to the streets to celebrate their team's triumph in style. But the game was not just about the players on the ice – it was also about the mayors of Los Angeles and New York, who made a friendly wager on the outcome of the series. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti had offered to send a package of local delicacies, including some of the city's famous street tacos and a bottle of wine from Napa Valley, to New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, if the Kings won. If the Rangers had emerged victorious, de Blasio would have had to send a package of New York City treats, including a variety of bagels and a couple of pizzas from some of the city's well-known pizzerias, to Garcetti. Following the Kings' victory, Mayor Garcetti wasted no time in reminding Mayor de Blasio of their bet. "I'm looking forward to receiving those bagels and pizzas from you, Mayor de Blasio!" he declared, to the delight of the assembled crowd of Kings fans. Despite the disappointment of the Rangers and their fans, the series has been widely hailed as an exciting and entertaining showcase for the best that the NHL has to offer. With both teams putting on a great display of skill, passion, and sportsmanship, the 2014 Stanley Cup Final will surely go down in history as one of the most memorable ever played.