article: (CNN) -- Skier Lindsey Vonn is to take a sabbatical from World Cup competition, but the American insists the break has nothing to do with her recent admission she suffers from depression. Last month the finest female skier of her generation had to spend a couple of days in hospital due to an intestinal infection that she said had affected her "energy and strength". "After talking with my family and consulting with my coaches and trainers, I've decided to take a break from the World Cup circuit," said Vonn on her Facebook page. "I believe that some time off the mountain will help me regain the physical strength that I require to compete at the level that I demand from myself. I look forward to getting back on the mountain in the New Year." Alpine Director of the U.S. Ski Team Patrick Riml added: "We support Lindsey in the decision so that she can return to the World Cup and compete in the World Championships at full strength." This season Vonn has won two downhills and two super-Gs, with her St. Moritz super-G victory in Switzerland delivering a 57th career World Cup triumph to put her within five victories of record-holder Annemarie Moser-Proell on the all-time list. But the American was below her best in the weekend races at Val d'Isere when her bid for a fifth-straight win ended in a crash. "I want to be emphatic that this has nothing to do with my recent interview with People Magazine," added the 28-year-old Vonn on Facebook, referring to her admission that she has suffered from depression and currently takes an anti-depressant to manage the condition. "I had completed that interview weeks before I was in the hospital with the intestinal infection." In the magazine interview, Vonn revealed that she had hit a low point four years ago. "I couldn't get out of bed anymore. I felt hopeless, empty, like a zombie," said Vonn, who added: "All the parts of my life are finally in sync. I accept who I am, and I'm moving forward." Last week Vonn told CNN in an exclusive interview that was pondering taking legal action in her bid to race against the men after the International Ski Federation (FIS) blocked her bid to challenge the sport's top male stars at a recent meeting in Canada. "I don't want to make a big stink out of it but I feel like their response that I can't race with the men simply because I'm a woman was definitely gender-biased so I'm going to do what I can and hopefully make something work. "So right now I'm looking into options -- my father is an attorney so I'm just seeing if there's any options, legally, that I can take."
highlights: American skier Lindsey Vonn is to take a break from World Cup circuit . Vonn says break will help regain "physical strength" American Iooking forward to "getting back on the mountain in the New Year" Alpine Director of the U.S. Ski Team Patrick Riml supports Vonn decision .
id: b49db035cd696e06bf975a0dada42c9fa858786c
chatgpt: Lindsey Vonn, the American skier who has won four World Cup titles, has decided to take a break from the circuit in order to regain her physical strength. In a statement released by Vonn's team, she said that she is looking forward to "getting back on the mountain in the New Year." Vonn, who is one of the most successful skiers of all time, has been competing in the World Cup for over a decade. She has won 82 races, which is the most for any female skier, and has also won Olympic gold medals in 2010 and 2018. However, Vonn has been struggling with injuries for the past few seasons, and she has decided that it is necessary to take a break in order to recuperate. In her statement, Vonn said that she wants to "stay healthy and injury-free" so that she can continue to compete at the highest level. Patrick Riml, the Alpine Director of the U.S. Ski Team, has expressed his support for Vonn's decision. He said that the team is "fully behind" Vonn and that they believe that the break will help her to come back stronger than ever. Vonn's decision to take a break comes just a few weeks before the start of the World Cup season. This means that she will miss some of the early races, but she is expected to return to the circuit in the New Year. Vonn's absence from the early races will be a disappointment for her fans, who have been eagerly anticipating her return. However, Vonn's decision to take a break is a reminder that athletes are not invincible and that they need to take care of their bodies in order to compete at the highest level. Vonn's success has made her a role model for young athletes around the world, and her decision to take a break will hopefully encourage others to prioritize their health and well-being. Despite her injury woes, Vonn remains one of the most talented skiers in the world, and she is widely expected to win more races and titles in the future. Her determination and resilience have already made her one of the most iconic figures in the world of skiing, and her decision to take a break is a testament to her dedication to the sport. In conclusion, Lindsey Vonn's decision to take a break from the World Cup circuit is a reminder of the importance of taking care of one's health and well-being. Vonn's absence from the early races will be a disappointment for her fans, but her decision is ultimately in the best interests of her career and her long-term health. We wish her all the best in her recovery and look forward to seeing her back on the mountain in the New Year.