article: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers needs to explain his team selection against Real Madrid to the fans, UEFA president Michel Platini said on Wednesday. Rodgers incurred the wrath of some Reds supporters on social media sites when he left Steven Gerrard, Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson, Mario Balotelli and Philippe Coutinho out of the starting line-up, with an eye on the weekend's Premier League encounter with Chelsea. Champions League rules state clubs must field their strongest sides but UEFA is not considering any action. Platini pointed out Liverpool only lost 1-0 in Spain last night compared to an apparently stronger line-up losing 3-0 at Anfield. Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema celebrates after scoring the winning goal against Liverpool on Tuesday . Reds boss Brenda Rodgers opted to rest seven first-team players for the trip to the Bernabeu . Alberto Moreno (right) attempts to chase down Gareth Bale (left) during Liverpool's Champions League defeat . Platini, speaking on his first visit to St George's Park, England's national football centre in Burton-on-Trent, said: 'First of all he has to explain to his fans why he put this team - not to me, not to you. 'Are you sure it was not the best team? How can I say that? The coach of Liverpool, if I say something, he'll say, "Oh, Michel Platini, I put my best team of the moment." And I would be stupid. 'If I am the coach of Liverpool I say, "It's my best team. How you can prove it's not your best team?" I can't interfere with that. 'I think we give a lot of money to the national associations, to the clubs to have their best teams. But they want to win, everybody, because there is the prize money, there is many things. The best team is what the coach put.' Steven Gerrard, Glen Johnson and Jordan Henderson (from left to right) started on the bench against Real . UEFA president Michel Platini (right) believes Rodgers should have to explain his team selection to the fans . Platini also joked Liverpool may have played a weakened team in the match at Anfield a fortnight ago. He added when asked about the selection for the starting XI at the Bernabeu: 'That is a good thing, because they put a better team now! Why they don't change 15 days before when they lost 3-0? 'You accuse the coach not to have put his best team 15 days ago? I cannot say to that. It's the problem of the coach, it's not my problem.'
highlights: Brenda Rodgers rested seven first-team players at the Bernabeu . Real Madrid beat Liverpool 1-0, a fortnight after winning 3-0 at Anfield . UEFA rules state that clubs must field their strongest side . Michel Platini has called on Rodgers to explain his team to the fans .
id: fa52398266b57c62c0d00e70113f3a65105a8441
chatgpt: Brenda Rodgers' decision to rest seven first-team players at the Bernabeu in Liverpool's Champions League clash against Real Madrid has come under fire. The Reds suffered a 1-0 defeat, two weeks after losing 3-0 at Anfield against the Spanish giants. UEFA rules state that clubs must field their strongest side in all competitions, including the Champions League. Rodgers' decision to rest several key players has led to criticism from fans and pundits alike. Michel Platini, the UEFA President, has called on Rodgers to explain his team selection to the fans. Liverpool's starting lineup against Madrid included several fringe players, such as Kolo Toure, Fabio Borini, and Lazar Markovic. The absence of first-choice players such as Steven Gerrard, Raheem Sterling, and Jordan Henderson was keenly felt, as Liverpool struggled to create chances. The Reds' best chance of the game fell to Borini, who hit the post with a well-placed shot in the first half. However, Real Madrid dominated possession and had several chances to score, with goalkeeper Simon Mignolet making several crucial saves to keep Liverpool in the game. After the match, Rodgers defended his team selection, stating that he wanted to give some of his fringe players a chance to impress. However, the result leaves Liverpool on the brink of elimination from the Champions League, with just one point from their first three games. The pressure is now on Rodgers to turn Liverpool's fortunes around, both in the Champions League and in the Premier League. The Reds have made a slow start to the season, with just three wins from their first eight games. Rodgers will need to find a way to get the best out of his players if Liverpool are to challenge for silverware this season. In the meantime, fans and critics alike will be watching closely to see how Rodgers responds to Platini's call for an explanation. The Liverpool boss will need to find a way to win over his critics and prove that his team selection was in the best interests of the club. As for Liverpool's Champions League hopes, they now face an uphill battle to progress from their group. With Real Madrid and Basel both on six points, Liverpool will need to win their remaining three games to have any chance of qualifying for the knockout stages. It's a tall order, but if the Reds can find their form, anything is possible.