article: By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 18:16 EST, 30 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:24 EST, 30 March 2013 . An ice cream tub believed to contain human placenta has been found by a dog walker, police said tonight. The discovery was made on a footpath near Tooting Bec Athletics Track, south London, at about 6.55am, Scotland Yard said. The dog walker initially thought they had found a human organ in the container, which police believe was partially buried before being unearthed by an animal. Horrifying discovery: The dog walker found the buried tub of placenta on a footpath near Tooting Bec Athletics Track . Medical staff who examined photographs of the substance have suggested it is human placenta which could be two weeks old. The item has been taken for pathological examination. A search using specially trained police 'blood' dogs did not find any other items buried in the area, the Met added. Police said the early indication of human placenta has raised concerns there may be a vulnerable new mother who has given birth and may require medical assistance. Chief Inspector Nick Aldworth said: 'Obviously we are at the very early stages of the investigation into what has been found, but the suggestion that it could be a human placenta does give us concern that there could be an individual whose health and wellbeing may be at risk.' 'That said, we retain an open mind regarding the item and how it came to be buried on the pathway pending the results of testing and any confirmed information coming to light. Alarming: Medical staff have suggested the human placenta the dog found could be two weeks old . 'Therefore we are appealing to the person who buried the item to contact us, or anyone who knows the person who buried the item. Your call will be treated in the strictest of confidence. 'We are also appealing to anyone who uses the path at the back of Tooting Bec Athletics Track to contact us if they remember seeing anything out of the ordinary there recently. 'I would like to emphasise that our primary concern at the moment is for the welfare of anybody who may have given birth without medical assistance and our focus is currently on welfare and not enforcement. Anybody who comes forward will be treated with this in mind.' Anyone who can assist police is asked to call on 101.
highlights: Dog walker found placenta near Tooting Bec Athletics Track in south London . His dog dug the tub up, which had been partially buried . Doctors suspect the placenta could be two weeks old . Police are worried a new mother needs medical assistance .
id: af67c3cdf445cd369785d98abb7845411a9651da
chatgpt: A dog walker was left shocked after his pet pooch unearthed a placenta while out for a stroll near the Tooting Bec Athletics Track in south London. The partially-buried tub was dug up by the dog, and the walker quickly alerted authorities after realizing what he had found. Doctors who analyzed the placenta estimate that it could be up to two weeks old. This has raised concerns among police, who fear that a new mother may need urgent medical assistance. The discovery of the placenta has sent shockwaves throughout the local community, with residents left wondering about the circumstances surrounding the discovery. Police have launched an investigation and are calling on anyone with information to come forward. Detective Inspector Sarah Green, who is leading the investigation, said: "We are concerned that a new mother may be in need of medical attention. We are appealing to anyone who has information about this incident to come forward." She added: "We understand that this may be a difficult situation, but we urge the individual responsible to come forward so we can offer them the help they need." Local residents have expressed their shock and disbelief at the discovery. One resident said: "It's a very concerning discovery. I hope the mother is found and is receiving the medical attention she needs." Another resident added: "It's horrifying to think that someone could leave a baby in such a dangerous place. I hope the mother is found quickly and the baby is safe and well." This discovery comes just weeks after a similar incident was reported in the same area. In that case, a newborn baby was found abandoned in a bin nearby. The baby was thankfully found by an individual in the area, who quickly alerted authorities. The baby was taken to hospital and is now recovering well. Police are urging anyone with information about either incident to come forward as soon as possible. They have assured the public that all information will be treated in the strictest confidence. The discovery of the placenta has raised concerns about the well-being of new mothers in the area. Police have urged anyone who knows of a new mother who may be struggling to come forward and seek help, as there are a number of support services available to help new mothers in need. As the investigation continues, police are appealing to the public for their help in solving these disturbing incidents. They have assured the public that they will do everything in their power to ensure the safety and well-being of new mothers and their babies in the area.