article: (CNN) -- Fast growing Abu Dhabi carrier Etihad is spreading its wings again by agreeing to a 49% stake in Italian loss-making airline Alitalia. The two parties put out a brief, joint statement which said they agreed to "principal terms," although the financial details were not disclosed. When the Alitalia board gave a green light to the offer on June 15, Italy's Transport Minister Maurizio Lupi said that Etihad would make an upfront investment of $760 million and would commit to another $700 million by 2018. There are reports this could be even higher. This represents the biggest foreign stake of a European carrier, taking it to the 49% limit set by European Commission. Etihad becomes the biggest shareholder. Etihad is expected to cut up to 2,200 jobs as part of the agreement. The company also want to ensure Etihad will not carry an unfair burden of Alitalia's $1.3 billion in debt. Alitalia's unionized staff have resisted deep cuts over the past decade even though losses continued to mount for the flag carrier. The Italian government along with two major banks, Intesa Saopaolo and UniCredit, stepped in with a $680 million recapitalization in 2013. This reduced the stake of Air France-KLM, which had no desire to pump more money into the operation, to 7%. Italian officials have indicated that Alitalia is losing about $1.6 million a day, well over a half billion dollars a year. In April, Italy's Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan told me it was important for the government of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi to consummate this transaction as a signal the country is open for business. This deal represents the latest move by the Abu Dhabi carrier and its CEO James Hogan to build its network to more than 400 destinations. It has taken positions in seven carriers including Air Berlin, Air Serbia and Aer Lingus in Europe. It has also looked East, with stakes in stakes in Jet Airways of India and Virgin Australia. Etihad would not comment beyond its joint-statement, but Hogan spelled out his strategy during our interview at the Dubai Air Show last November. "Having that network offering is key. But why do we all have to duplicate our overhead?" Hogan said. He pointed to the need for "centers of excellence" with the "lowest unit cost, whether it's reservations, whether it's part of training. Cost reduction is as important as exceeding customer expectation." The challenge for Hogan is proving his team can turn around loss-makers like Air Berlin and Alitalia, while also picking up passengers for Etihad. Read more from John Defterios: Iraq's 'new reality' shakes global oil markets . Read more: Etihad Airways to offer live inflight sports action .
highlights: Abu Dhabi carrier Etihad agreed to a 49% stake in Italian loss-making airline Alitalia . It is the biggest foreign stake of a European carrier, taking it to the limit set by EU . Italian officials have indicated that Alitalia is losing about $1.6 million a day .
id: 39f90b2d89c832faa8b33b988ea186904d449dfd
chatgpt: Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, has agreed to take a 49% stake in struggling Italian airline, Alitalia. The deal, which is the largest foreign stake in a European carrier, brings the Abu Dhabi based airline to the limit established by the European Union (EU) as the maximum foreign ownership of an airline in the bloc. While details of the agreement have not been released, it is expected that Etihad’s investment will bring with it significant financial support for Alitalia, which is currently losing around $1.6 million a day, according to Italian officials. The investment is viewed to be a saving grace for Alitalia, who has struggled with rising costs, falling passenger numbers and increased competition both within Italy and Europe. The deal comes as a relief to Italy’s Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who has pushed for foreign investment in the airline as part of his plans to revive Italy’s ailing economy. Renzi has praised the deal with Etihad, stating that it marks the beginning of a new era of cooperation between Italy and the United Arab Emirates. The agreement also marks the latest in a series of European airline ventures for Etihad which has invested in other airlines such as AirBerlin and Air Serbia. James Hogan, CEO of Etihad Airways stated that he is pleased with the investment, and expects it to bring long-term benefits to both airlines while providing passengers with greater travel options and connections through Europe. While the stakeholder deal has been approved by the EU, it is yet to be approved by Alitalia’s unions, which are concerned about potential job losses and a decrease in benefits for employees. The Italian government, however, has insisted that the deal with Etihad will bring new job opportunities and strengthen Alitalia’s long-term position in the industry. Alitalia was originally founded in 1946 as a state-owned airline and has undergone a number of operational and financial changes in its history. In 2008, the airline merged with Air One, Italy’s second largest airline, in an effort to increase profitability; however, the merger did little to improve the airlines’ position and losses continued to mount. The partnership with Etihad is seen as a game-changer for Alitalia, who has experienced significant financial difficulty over recent years. The airline’s financial situation is predicted to improve significantly with the support of the foreign airline, allowing the Italian carrier to invest in modernizing its fleet and expanding its route network. The Etihad agreement with Alitalia represents a significant step forward for the Italian airline and the country as a whole, providing a much-needed injection of foreign investment and resources. The cooperation between the two airlines is expected to result in improved service for customers, increased revenue and a more competitive position in the European airline industry.