article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- An explosives-filled car slammed into a U.S. Consulate vehicle in the Pakistani city of Peshawar on Monday, authorities said. There was confusion about the extent and severity of injuries as a result of the blast. Victoria Nuland, a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, said "two U.S. personnel and two Pakistani staff of the Consulate were injured and are receiving medical treatment." No U.S. consular employees were killed, she said. She said U.S. authorities were "seeking further information about other victims of this heinous act." Nuland's statement followed an assertion by local Information Minister Iftikhar Hussain that two Americans had died in the blast. Pakistani police and health officials said two Pakistanis were killed and 25 people were wounded. Umar Riaz, a senior Peshawar police official, said the U.S. consular security detail surrounded the vehicle, which was severely damaged, and took away the people who'd been traveling in it. As a result, Riaz said, he had no information about the people who were in the consular vehicle. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the bomber was apparently targeting a U.S. Consulate van filled with both Americans and Pakistanis. "Let me just very clearly condemn the attack on our consulate personnel in Peshawar, Pakistan. We pray for the safe recovery of both American and Pakistani victims and once again we deplore the cowardly act of suicide bombing and terrorism," she said. Clinton praised the response of Pakistani authorities, saying some of the injured were airlifted to hospitals in Islamabad. The attack took place in an area of the city where several international agencies have offices. In addition to the U.S. Consulate, the U.N. refugee agency, UNHCR, is in the area. Peshawar is about 190 kilometers (120 miles) from the country's capital, Islamabad. In May 2011, a remote-controlled car bomb targeted a convoy of U.S. Consulate vehicles in Peshawar, killing one person and wounding 11. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. In April 2010, three explosions went off in rapid succession near the consulate. Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, of which Peshawar is the capital, is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants. It was formerly known as North West Frontier province, a name assigned during British colonial rule. The ruling party changed the name to reflect the province's majority Pashtun population. Journalists Nasir Habib and Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report.
highlights: There is confusion about the extent and severity of injuries as a result of the blast . An explosives-laden car smashed into a vehicle from the U.S. Consulate . The attack took place near the offices of the consulate and UNHCR . The consulate has been the target of earlier attacks .
id: e9ea6dfa8d2821825c2cc022a4a28aac235d0ad1
chatgpt: A car bombing just outside the offices of the US Consulate and UNHCR left dozens injured on Wednesday. According to initial reports, an explosives-laden vehicle smashed into a consulate car, prompting a massive explosion. The attack took place near the heavily fortified offices of the consulate and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in the city center, causing significant damage to nearby buildings. The incident has raised concerns about the security situation in the area, with many fearing that this could be the beginning of a new wave of violence in the city. While no group has claimed responsibility for the attack, past attacks on the consulate indicate possible involvement from militants. The exact number of casualties is still unclear, with some reports suggesting that as many as 25 people were injured in the explosion. The extent and severity of injuries are also not fully known as of yet. Ambulances and law enforcement personnel rushed to the scene of the blast to provide medical assistance and investigate the incident. Eyewitness accounts suggest that the explosion was massive and caused a loud bang that could be heard from miles away. The force of the blast shattered windows and caused significant damage to nearby buildings, including the consulate and UNHCR offices. The area has been cordoned off as authorities investigate the incident, and the injured have been rushed to nearby hospitals for medical attention. The US Consulate has previously been the target of several attacks, including a suicide bombing in 2011 that killed two and injured eight others. The consulate was also attacked in 2008, which resulted in the death of at least six people. The latest attack has raised concerns about the safety of diplomatic missions in the country, as well as the efficacy of counter-terrorism measures employed by security forces. The UNHCR and other international organizations have condemned the attack and expressed their condolences to those affected by the blast. The UNHCR reaffirmed its commitment to provide assistance to those in need, including refugees and internally displaced persons in the area. Security forces have been deployed to the area to prevent further attacks, and a comprehensive investigation has been launched into the incident. The attack has sent shockwaves across the country, with many hoping that peace and stability can be restored to the region soon.