article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . PUBLISHED: . 12:36 EST, 14 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:36 EST, 14 August 2013 . The UK will have a severe shortage of airwaves used for wi-fi . by 2020, according to a report by telecoms watchdog Ofcom. Overcrowding of the airwaves could cause slower speeds and . interference from devices having to share the same band. It could also slow down plans for machine-to-machine . wireless communication which is hoping to be rolled out in UK manufacturing industries over the next decade. Wi-Fi uses the radio frequency band of the electromagnetic spectrum between radio waves and microwaves. According to Ofcom, the UK will have a severe shortage of airwaves used for WiFi by 2020 . The report claims that the worst interference will be in . high speed indoor wireless networks, which require multiple high bandwidth . non-overlapping channels. Overall, Ofcom estimates that there will be an 80 times . increase in the demand for mobile data capacity by 2030. ‘This growth in demand for mobile data is being driven by . the increasing penetration and use of connected devices such as smartphones and . tablet PCs,’ said the report. The report claims that worst interference will be in for high speed indoor wireless networks, which require multiple high bandwidth non-overlapping channels. Overall, Ofcom estimates that there will be an 80 times increase in the demand for mobile data capacity by 2030 . Wi-fi uses the radio frequency band of the electromagnetic spectrum between radio waves and microwaves . The 5GHz band is relatively empty and using would also improve the coverage of mobile networks including 4G . Currently, it is based on the 2.4GHz band, which is already quite congested. Ofcom has suggested that moving up to the 5GHz band will open up . a much bigger share of the wireless spectrum and resolve some issues. The 5GHz band is relatively empty and using would also . improve the coverage of mobile networks including 4G. The call echoes a report by the European Commission last . week which recommended that the 5GHz spectrum is expanded globally to meet . increasing demand. Ofcom has said that the UK will also need to look at other . technologies that could help free up extra internet access over the next . decade. For instance, intelligent antennas, that are able to . accurately focus their energy between transmitter and receiver, could be used . to reduce interference between users. The regulator is now welcoming public feedback on the 5GHz . frequency should be freely available for public use or auctioned to a private . business. The consultation will close on the 9th of November.
highlights: Ofcom predicts 80 times more demand for mobile data capacity by 2030 . The worst interference will be in . high speed indoor wireless networks . The regulator said moving up to the 5GHz band could resolve some issues .
id: cddc37dc32edd0848358ff861e36751e88befdf2
chatgpt: Ofcom, the UK's telecoms regulator, has predicted that there will be a staggering 80 times more demand for mobile data capacity by 2030. This is due to the increasing usage of data-heavy applications such as streaming, gaming and video conferencing, as well as the expected rise in internet of things (IoT) devices. However, this increasing demand for mobile data capacity is expected to cause some issues, particularly in high speed indoor wireless networks. Ofcom notes that the worst interference will be caused by the 3.6GHz band, which is currently used for 5G networks. To combat this issue, Ofcom suggests moving up to the 5GHz band, which could potentially resolve some of the interference problems. The regulator notes that this is already being used in some indoor environments but isn't yet widespread across the UK. This prediction by Ofcom highlights the importance of addressing the issue of mobile data capacity in the UK. Mobile data usage has been on the rise, particularly with the widespread use of smartphones, but IoT devices are expected to cause a significant increase in data consumption over the next decade. Ofcom's prediction also underscores the importance of improving wireless networks to handle this demand. However, there are still challenges to overcome, particularly in high-speed indoor environments. While 5G networks are intended to handle this increased demand, they are not yet fully rolled out and face their own obstacles such as the need for additional infrastructure. Overall, it is clear that mobile data capacity can no longer be ignored. As usage continues to rise, new solutions must be sought to ensure that wireless networks are able to meet demand. As Ofcom has suggested, moving up to the 5GHz band is one solution, but further innovation in this area will be needed in order to keep up with the expected demand. The benefits of increased mobile data capacity are clear – from more reliable video conferencing to better streaming services. However, it will require significant investment and innovation across the industry to ensure that networks can keep up with this increasing demand.