article: Gerard Deulofeu admits he was surprised to be shown the exit at the Nou Camp for a second consecutive year after Barcelona sent the winger on loan to La Liga rivals Sevilla. The 20-year-old, a Barca youth product, spent last season  in the Premier League with Everton, but was brought back to Spain at the end of his Goodison spell. Nevertheless, Deulofeu insists he will make the most of his year with Sevilla, despite not being happy at new manager Luis Enrique sending him away from the four-time Champions League winners. Shock: Gerard Deulofeu admits he was surprised to be shown the exit at the Nou Camp for a second  year . Again: Barcelona sent the winger on loan to La Liga rivals Sevilla after the 20-year-old spent last year at Everton . Born: Spain, March 13 1994 (age 20) 2011-2013: Barcelona B (68 lg apps, 27 gls) 2011-NOW: Barcelona (2, 0) 2013-2014: Everton (loan) (25, 3) 2014-NOW: Sevilla (loan) (0, 0) 2014-NOW: Spain (1, 0) Deulofeu, who has one cap for Spain, was unveiled at Sevilla alongside Ever Banega on Tuesday, and said: 'I'm very happy to be here, Luis Enrique told me that I wouldn't be playing, and from the first moment I had my mind set on coming to Sevilla. 'It's a very good club, I have high expectations and hopefully we can have a great year together.' He added of his departure: 'I was surprised by the decision that the manager took, but I'm going to enjoy this year very much. I want to focus on Sevilla.' Deulofeu showed glimpses of his undoubted ability as he cut his teeth with Everton, but admits he is yet to finesse other aspects of his game. 'I could be stronger with my defending, I'm going to work on that I hope that it's a better year than last, which wasn't bad but I failed to take that little step forward and I hope to be able to do it here,' he said. 'I want to have a good year because it's key for my career.' New: Ever Banega and Deulofeu at their official presentation after the winger left Barcelona for another year . Learn: Deulofeu says he has 'high expectations and hopefully we can have a great year together' in La Liga .
highlights: Gerard Deulofeu is unveiled as Sevilla's new one-year loan signing from Barcelona alongside Ever Banega on Tuesday . Deulofeu admits he is shocked to be leaving the Nou Camp for a second year . 'I was surprised by the decision that the manager took, but I'm going to enjoy this year very much. I want to focus on Sevilla,' says the winger . Deulofeu adds: 'Luis Enrique told me that I wouldn't be playing' Spain international spent last season on loan at Everton in Premier League .
id: e48571e90ce03cef891c09c5099a92e27cb1c204
chatgpt: Sevilla FC unveiled two new signings on Tuesday, with one of them being the 24-year-old midfielder Gerard Deulofeu, who joins the Andalusian club on a one-year loan from Barcelona. Deulofeu's arrival was accompanied by midfielder Ever Banega, who returns to Sevilla for his third stint with the club. Deulofeu spent last season on loan at the Premier League side Everton, where he scored four goals and provided three assists in 29 appearances. He was expected to return to Barcelona this season and attempt to solidify his place in the first team, but his plans were derailed by the club's decision to send him out on loan once again. When asked about his move to Sevilla, Deulofeu said that he was shocked by the decision taken by Barcelona manager Luis Enrique but is now focused on enjoying his stay with his new club. "I was surprised by the decision that the manager took, but I'm going to enjoy this year very much. I want to focus on Sevilla," said the winger. Deulofeu was full of praise for his new club, stating that he was excited to join one of the biggest clubs in Spain and that he was looking forward to playing in front of Sevilla's passionate fans. "I'm very happy to be at a club like Sevilla. It's a great club with a great history, and I'm looking forward to playing in front of these fans because they are amazing," he said. Despite the disappointment of having to leave Barcelona for a second time, Deulofeu insisted that he has no hard feelings towards the club and is now fully committed to helping Sevilla achieve their objectives this season. "Luis Enrique told me that I wouldn't be playing, and that's why I'm here today. But I have no problem with Barcelona. I still have many friends there, and I want to wish them all the best for the season," he added. Deulofeu's loan move to Sevilla will give him the opportunity to play regular football and showcase his talents in La Liga, which could help him in his quest to become a regular starter for the Spanish national team. With the arrival of Deulofeu and Banega, Sevilla now have a strong squad capable of challenging for silverware this season, and the fans will be hopeful that the two new signings can help the club achieve their ambitious targets.