article: By . Ray Massey . PUBLISHED: . 20:59 EST, 24 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:03 EST, 25 January 2013 . Motorists are facing more pain at the pumps, with increases of up to 5p a litre, the AA warned. Already 1p of the rise in wholesale prices has been passed on at many petrol stations – leaving another 4p to come. The AA blames wholesalers and speculators for the impending rises, which come after more than three months of falling fuel costs. Pain at the pumps: The AA has warned of increases of up to 5p a litre. Already 1p of the rise has been passed on at many stations . Retailers insist they are not to blame for the 5p rise. They say they have been ‘soaking up’ increases at a cost to their own profit margins so far but now the pressure to pass on the bill to drivers is irresistible. The AA also attacked the fuel industry . for failing to pass on all of a 2p fall in diesel wholesale costs in . November and December that, with VAT, was worth 2.5p at the pump. This comes ahead of the publication at . the end of the month of the findings by the Office for Fair Trading . into whether reductions in the price of crude oil are being passed on to . motorists. Retailers say they have been 'soaking up' increases at a cost to their own profit margins so far . In its latest price report the AA said a rise of 0.75p since the New Year left average prices at 132.71p a litre. Diesel is marginally cheaper than a month ago, falling by a third of a penny in the third week of December and remaining around 140p per litre throughout Christmas and early January. But the average of 140.32p a litre, compared to 140.38p in mid-December means a litre of diesel has been on average 8p a litre more expensive than petrol, compared with a 5p difference in the summer, something the AA blames on the drop in wholesale costs not being passed on. Between late November and early December, the AA said, the cost of diesel to retailers fell from around 53p a litre to below 51p, but the average pump price only fell from 141.5p to 140p a litre.
highlights: 1p of rise in wholesale prices has been passed on at many petrol stations . Retailers insist they are not to blame for the 5p price rise . AA attacked fuel industry for failing to pass on 2p fall in diesel wholesale costs that was worth 2.5p at the pump .
id: 8ff76e9f234bb9fa4e0b558cc1499b2ace8acb2a
chatgpt: Petrol prices in the UK have increased by 5p per litre in recent weeks, causing concerns among consumers and commentators alike. While many petrol stations have blamed the rise on wholesale prices, some have been accused of passing on an additional 1p of margin. According to industry sources, the wholesale price of petrol has risen by around 3p per litre in recent weeks, due to supply chain disruptions caused by the pandemic. This increase has been passed on by many petrol stations, resulting in the 5p price rise. However, some commentators have accused retailers of profiteering, claiming that they have added an additional 1p of margin on top of the wholesale price increase. This accusation is denied by the retailers themselves, who insist that they are simply passing on the cost of the increased wholesale prices. The AA, a prominent motoring organisation, has also criticised the fuel industry for failing to pass on a recent fall in wholesale diesel prices. According to the AA, diesel prices have fallen by around 2p per litre in recent weeks, but this reduction has not been fully passed on to consumers. The AA claims that this failure has cost consumers around 2.5p per litre at the pump. This accusation has been contested by the fuel industry, which claims that it has already passed on the majority of the diesel price reduction. However, the AA argues that this is not the case, and has called for greater transparency in the pricing of fuel. The rising price of petrol has caused concern among consumers, who are already facing financial pressures as a result of the pandemic. Some have called for the government to intervene in the market, in order to ensure that retailers are not profiteering from the increased wholesale prices. However, others argue that this would be a mistake, and that the market should be allowed to set prices based on supply and demand. They point out that the increased wholesale prices are a result of global market forces, and that retailers are simply passing on these costs. Whatever the cause of the recent price rise, it is likely to continue to be a topic of concern for consumers and policymakers alike. With many businesses and households already struggling to make ends meet, any further increase in the cost of essential goods and services is unlikely to be welcomed.