article: San Salvador, El Salvador (CNN) -- The plea of a pregnant woman to be granted an abortion has gripped El Salvador for months: She wanted an abortion after doctors told her that her baby would not survive outside the womb and that her life was at risk. But abortion is illegal without exceptions in El Salvador, and on Wednesday, the country's Supreme Court denied her petition. Atttorneys for the 22-year-old woman, known only as "Beatriz," argued that the mother's life was at risk if the pregnancy was not terminated. Ill woman at center of abortion debate in El Salvador . In a 3-1 vote, the justices ruled the risk to Beatriz's life was not imminent but a possibility in the future. "This court finds that the rights of the mother cannot be prioritized over those of the (fetus) nor vice versa," the ruling said. The ruling found that doctors must continue to monitor the woman and make the best medical decisions that take into account the risks to her life, and to the unborn baby, too. Beatriz is suffering from lupus and kidney problems, and her unborn child developed without parts of the brain or skull. She asked for an abortion so that doctors could focus on saving her life, but doctors were hesitant to carry out the procedure without assurances that they wouldn't be prosecuted, her attorneys said. Doctors said they expect the baby to survive only for hours after birth. She argued that an abortion could save her life and allow her to care for her other child, who is a year old. Anti-abortion groups countered that abortion-rights advocates were using Beatriz as an opening to push for changes to abortion laws. "The constitution makes it clear that life exists from the moment of conception, and anything that tries to end a life is murder," lawmaker Rodolfo Parker said after the ruling. Women's rights groups who have held rallies in support of Beatriz said they were disappointed by the ruling and criticized the high court for taking weeks to reach a decision. "There has to be a prudent period (to make a decision) that doesn't take practically a month and a half like we waited to have a serious analysis," said Ima Guirola of the rights group CEMUJER. The court's decision is not the end of the Beatriz's options. Her family has said she is considering traveling outside the country to a place where an abortion can be carried out legally. Journalist Merlin Delcid contributed to this report from San Salvador. CNN's Mariano Castillo reported and wrote in Atlanta.
highlights: El Salvador's Supreme Court said doctors cannot perform an abortion on a sick woman . The woman's life is not at imminent risk, the court said . Abortion is illegal in El Salvador without exceptions . The woman had argued her life was at risk and her baby would die .
id: 425ea4401e8900f2e725ba15fa616cee6554a618
chatgpt: El Salvador's Supreme Court has issued a ruling denying a sick woman the right to have an abortion. The woman, whose identity has not been disclosed, had argued that her life was at risk and that her baby would die. However, the court said that her life was not in imminent danger and that, under the country's strict abortion laws, there could be no exceptions. Abortion is illegal in El Salvador in all circumstances, even in cases of rape or incest or where the mother's life is at risk. Women who seek to terminate a pregnancy can face up to 40 years in prison. The Catholic Church in El Salvador, which wields significant influence in the country, has long opposed any measures to liberalize the abortion laws. The case in question has sparked outrage among human rights organizations, who have condemned the court's decision. "This is a clear violation of the woman's human rights," said Mariana Moisa, a spokesperson for the Center for Reproductive Rights. "No woman should be forced to risk her life by carrying a pregnancy to term against her will." The woman at the center of the case suffers from a range of serious health problems, including lupus and kidney failure. Her doctors had recommended that she terminate the pregnancy in order to avoid further damage to her health, but the court rejected their arguments, saying that her condition was not "life-threatening." The court's ruling has been criticized by women's rights organizations and supporters of abortion rights. "This is a cruel and unjust decision," said Ana Cristina Murillo, an activist with the feminist group Las Mélidas. "No woman should be forced to carry a pregnancy to term against her will, especially when her health and well-being are at stake." El Salvador's abortion laws have been the subject of international scrutiny in recent years, with human rights groups and medical organizations calling for a more lenient approach. However, the country's conservative government and religious leaders have resisted any attempts to change the law. For the woman at the center of this case, the decision means that she will be forced to carry the pregnancy to term, putting her health and well-being at risk. Her lawyers have vowed to continue to fight for her rights, but the odds are stacked against them in a country where abortion is illegal and the courts are unsympathetic.