article: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique's job is safe after high-pressure talks with his superiors went well, according to reports in Spain. Barca president Josep Maria Bartomeu, Enrique, director of football Andoni Zubizarreta and vice president Jordi Mestre held a 'summit' last week to discuss his position. The Catalans sit second in La Liga, two points behind Real Madrid, and Mundo Deportivo say 'the coach (Enrique) is convinced he can get the best out of the players and the president (Bartomeu) conveyed his total confidence'. Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu, Enrique, director of football Andoni Zubizarreta and vice president Jordi Mestre held a 'summit' last week to discuss his position at the Nou Camp, says Mundo Deportivo . Also in Spain, Marca have an exclusive interview with Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone. The manager of the club that surprisingly won La Liga last year has declared himself happy at the club almost three years into the job, and that he is 'still looking for the best' from the team. The 44-year-old adds he is 'never satisfied' with the team sitting fourth top of the table. Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has declared himself happy at the club almost three years into the job . Sport say Real Madrid have 'entered the bidding war for' Fiorentina and Colombia winger Juan Cuadrado. It's no secret the 26-year-old has Barcelona interested, but reports in Spain suggest Real president Florentino Perez has opened talks and approached the Italian club about Cuadrado. However, Barca appear to have priority over him as Sport don Cuadrado in a 50-50 kit. Sport say La Liga table-toppers Real Madrid have 'entered the bidding war for' Barcelona target Cuadrado . AS focus on Isco, the Real Madrid sensation who has been nabbing more and more headlines. The 22-year-old reveals he is 'grateful to Spain for the affection they show me' after he opened the scoring against Belarus on Saturday night in their Euro 2016 qualifying match. 'I felt important to [Spain manager Vicente] Del Bosque. Maybe he realised I wanted to do great things,' says Isco. AS focus on Isco, the Real Madrid sensation that has been nabbing more and more headlines in Spain . Over to Italy, where more reaction has come after their Euro 2016 qualifying match against Croatia was suspended for more than 10 minutes due to fireworks and flares being thrown on to the pitch. La Gazzetta dello Sport detail the 'shame of the visiting Ultras' from Croatia, and use the headline: 'Too much smoke, not enough Italy.' A point apiece keeps both joint top of Group H after four games, but reports in Italy say 'the national team fades'. La Gazzetta dello Sport detail the 'shame of the visiting Ultras', and write: 'Too much smoke, not enough Italy'
highlights: Barcelona president Josep Marina Bartomeu has 'conveyed his total confidence' to manager Luis Enrique . The Barca boss has been under pressure after a mixed start to La Liga . Bartomeu, Enrique, director of football Andoni Zubizarreta and vice president Jordi Mestre held a 'summit' last week to discuss his position .
id: cd49bd5c334abdf76f8b5d3e2d57fa6922672e4a
chatgpt: Barcelona president Josep Marina Bartomeu has voiced his full support for manager Luis Enrique, who has been under immense pressure in recent weeks. The Catalan club has experienced a mixed start to their La Liga campaign and there have been questions raised about the future of Enrique. However, Bartomeu has publicly expressed his confidence in Enrique, stating that he believes the Spaniard is the right man for the job. A summit was held last week, in which Bartomeu, Enrique, director of football Andoni Zubizarreta and vice president Jordi Mestre discussed the manager’s position and the way forward for the team. During this summit, the future of Enrique was seemingly assured as Bartomeu conveyed his full support for the former Barca player. The club president is said to have gone to great lengths to show that Enrique is the man he wants to lead the team and has no intention of seeking a replacement. Enrique had come under scrutiny due to a series of results that saw Barca fail to win against sides they would ordinarily be expected to beat. However, the sentiment within the club is that Enrique remains the best man for the job and that he will continue to be backed by the board. It is worth remembering that Enrique has enjoyed significant success since taking over the reins at the Camp Nou. He guided Barcelona to a domestic double in his debut season, and in his second campaign, secured an unprecedented treble which included victory in the UEFA Champions League. Despite this success, there have been doubts raised this season due to inconsistent performances and the loss of talisman Lionel Messi to injury. However, Barca president Bartomeu appears to value stability and is willing to give Enrique time to rectify the team’s issues. It remains to be seen whether this public show of support for Enrique will translate to an upturn in form for Barcelona. The team faces a difficult away fixture in their next La Liga match, travelling to San Sebastian to face Real Sociedad. This will be a stern test for Barcelona, who will be hoping to produce a performance that will ease concerns about their form. In conclusion, whilst Barcelona’s mixed start to the season has led to questions being asked about the future of Luis Enrique, the club’s president Josep Marina Bartomeu has expressed his full confidence in the manager. This public show of support indicates that Enrique’s job is safe for the time being and that he will continue to lead the team through this difficult period.