article: By . Associated Press . A gunman who shot and killed three people and injured four more in northeast Arkansas was an acquaintance or friend of the victims, police said Sunday, but noted the motive still is unknown. Jonesboro Police Sgt. Doug Formon identified the shooter as Porfirio Hernandez, 40, who recently had been released from a mental health treatment facility. Formon did not give further details in an email to The Associated Press. Formon said police responded to the first shooting about 1 p.m. Saturday. Chrisanto Islas, 38, and Floza Davila, 12, were killed there and four others were injured. Survivors and witnesses at the house identified Hernandez as the sole gunman and provided a description of him and the vehicle he was driving. Police: Drug Task Force Detective Josh Talbott, left, and Jonesboro Patrolman First Class Duane Busby run across a field while responding to the shooting . About 20 minutes later, police responded to a second report of a shooting about three miles away, where they found Richardo Lopez, 31, dead. A witness described a vehicle matching the description from the Jonesboro home. Investigators then received a report that a car matching the description of the shooter's had been located on a rural county road. Deputies discovered Hernandez dead with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Police said the three people are in critical condition in hospitals in Memphis, Tennessee: Augusten Hernandez, 43; Ayde Davila, 36; and Anquel Islas, 8. A 10-year-old boy, Brayam Davila, is in stable condition. It wasn't immediately clear how Porfirio Hernandez and the seven victims knew one another. Investigation: Jonesboro police are photographed investigating the crime scene where Portofirio Hernandez reportedly killed three people and injured four others . Capt. Lynn Waterworth of the Jonesboro, Ark. Police Department talks to another officer on Saturday .
highlights: Jonesboro Police  identified the shooter as Porfirio Hernandez, 40, who recently had been released from a mental health treatment facility . Police responded to the first shooting about 1 p.m. Saturday . Chrisanto Islas, 38, and Floza Davila, 12, were killed there . Augusten Hernandez, 43, Ayde Davila, 36, and Anquel Islas, 8, are in critical condition . Brayam Davila, 10, is in stable condition . About 20 minutes later, police responded . to a second report of a shooting about three miles away, where they . found Richardo Lopez, 31, dead . It was not immediately clear how Porfirio Hernandez and the seven victims knew one another .
id: a78b670e3f0998c66929de120dc6319dbd2a6c55
chatgpt: Jonesboro Police have identified the shooter responsible for a string of shootings on Saturday as 40-year-old Porfirio Hernandez, who had recently been released from a mental health treatment facility. The shootings left two people dead and five others critically injured. The first shooting occurred around 1 p.m. on Saturday, when police were called to the scene of a shooting where Chrisanto Islas, 38, and Floza Davila, 12, were killed. Augusten Hernandez, 43, Ayde Davila, 36, and Anquel Islas, 8, were also injured in the shooting and remain in critical condition. Brayam Davila, 10, is in stable condition.  About 20 minutes later, police received a second report of a shooting roughly three miles away. Upon arrival at the scene, they found Richardo Lopez, 31, dead. Porfirio Hernandez was arrested shortly thereafter. It remains unclear how Hernandez and his seven victims knew one another. However, authorities are investigating the possibility that the shootings were a result of a domestic incident. Police have not released any further details at this time. Residents of the town remain shaken by the tragic events that transpired on Saturday. Jonesboro Mayor Harold Perrin issued a statement expressing his sorrow and concern for the community: “Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims and the entire Jonesboro community during this difficult time. We are devastated by this senseless violence and are working closely with law enforcement to ensure that justice is served.” Jonesboro Police Chief Rick Elliott added, “This is a tragic and devastating incident that has deeply affected our community. But we will not be defined by this act of violence. Instead, we will come together to support one another and to heal.” Porfirio Hernandez has been charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder. He is currently being held without bail and is set to appear in court later this week.