article: Louis van Gaal has named his first Manchester United squad as the club embark on their pre-season tour to America. Van Gaal's 25-man party flew to America on Friday afternoon after a light training session at Carrington earlier in the day and included much of the club's senior team as well as numerous youngsters.Â . Bebe and Patrice Evra, who have been linked with moves to Benfica and Juventus, were not in the squad, however. Brazilian midfielder Anderson also missed the trip after picking up a calf injury in training. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Bebe score a wonder volley while on loan last season . On the move: Louis van Gaal arrives at Manchester airport ahead of the club's pre-season trip to America . Fresh faces: Luke Shaw and Ander Herrera (right) will be looking to impress for their new club . Dynamic duo: Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata (behind) have joined the squad after the World Cup . Other notable absentees included Javier Hernandez, Robin van Persie, Adnan Januzaj and Marouane Fellaini - who have been given time off after the World Cup. Michael Carrick did not travel after undergoing ankle surgery on Thursday that could rule him out for the first two months of the season. New signings Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw did travel alongside Wayne Rooney, Juan Mata and David de Gea. Fun in the skies (from left): Ander Herrera, David de Gea, Rafael and Juan Mata . All smiles (from left): David de Gea, Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Rafael on board the plane . Staying home: Anderson (right) and Bebe trained with the United team in the morning but did not travel . Youth-team products Sam Johnstone, Tyler Blackett, Michael Keane, Reece James, Jesse Lingard and Will Keane all made the cut, but there was no room for James Wilson and Tom Lawrence, who made their first-term debuts at the end of last season, or Nick Powell. United will play their first match of the tour against the Los Angeles Galaxy next Thursday before taking on Roma, Inter Milan and Real Madrid in the International Champions Cup. If they make the final, they will play a fifth match in Miami on August 4. Goalkeepers: David De Gea, Anders Lindegaard, Ben Amos, Sam Johnstone. Defenders: Rafael, Jonny Evans, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Luke Shaw, Tyler Blackett, Michael Keane, Reece James. Midfielders: Ander Herrera, Tom Cleverley, Darren Fletcher, Ashley Young, Wilfried Zaha, Shinji Kagawa, Juan Mata, Antonio Valencia, Nani, Jesse Lingard. Forwards: Danny Welbeck, Wayne Rooney, Will Keane.
highlights: Duo not included in Van Gaal's 25-man squad . United flew to America on Friday afternoon after a morning training session . Anderson and Bebe were at Carrington in morning but not at airport . New signings Luke Shaw and Ander Herrera in traveling party . Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Juan Mata with the squad . Robin van Persie, Javier Hernandez, Adnan Januzaj and Marouane Fellaini still on holiday after World Cup .
id: a76943b769ffc103b80f7c7c149898345a8fbc58
chatgpt: Manchester United manager, Louis Van Gaal has released his 25-man squad to travel to the USA for the pre-season tour. However, there were some noticeable absentees as Anderson and Bebe were not included in the squad. The duo was reportedly at Carrington, the club's training ground, in the morning but were conspicuously missing from the airport when the team left for America on Friday afternoon. On the other hand, new signings Luke Shaw and Ander Herrera were in the traveling party. Shaw joined United for a record-breaking fee of £30m from Southampton while Herrera cost £28.8m from Athletic Bilbao. Both players will be joining the United squad for the first time in a competitive environment. In addition to Shaw and Herrera, established stars such as Wayne Rooney, David de Gea, and Juan Mata were part of the squad. The trio will be looking to build on their performances from last season and help United in their quest for trophies. However, some United players are still enjoying their extended holidays following the completion of the World Cup. The likes of Robin van Persie, Javier Hernandez, Adnan Januzaj, and Marouane Fellaini are yet to join the squad. The quartet featured for their respective countries in Brazil and were granted some time off to rest. United fans will be hoping to see Anderson and Bebe included in any future United squad announcement. The Brazilian midfielder has been a peripheral figure since joining United in 2007 while the Portugal winger made only seven first-team appearances since joining United in 2010. United's pre-season tour will see them play against clubs such as Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Inter Milan, and Real Madrid. The tour will see United play in the United States and Europe, giving Van Gaal the opportunity to work with his squad in different environments. Van Gaal's side will be hoping to hit the ground running when the Premier League season starts on August 16. United's opening match is against Swansea City at Old Trafford, and they will be looking to start the season with a win. In conclusion, United's pre-season tour will be an opportunity for new signings to integrate into the team while established stars continue to build on their performances from last season. The absentees of Anderson and Bebe will undoubtedly raise eyebrows among fans, but only time will tell if they will feature in a United squad again.