article: The 'Canadian Cannibal' convicted of . dismembering his Chinese lover was  'worse than a beast', the . student's father said on Monday. Diran Lin, speaking for the first time since a jury last . week found Luka Magnotta guilty of first degree murder, said the . 2012 killing of his only son had crippled the Lin family. Magnotta, 32, had admitted to killing and dismembering . engineering student Jun Lin, 33, but pleaded not guilty on . grounds of mental illness. Scroll down for video . Diran Lin, center, father of Jun Lin leaves the Montreal Courthouse alongside his lawyer Daniel Urbas and translator after a jury found Luka Magnotta of murdering his son . Luka Magnotta (left) was convicted of first-degree murder in the 2012 slaying of Jun Lin (right) after eight days of jury deliberations. He was also convicted on the four other related charges . 'He is a beast ... worse than a beast,' Lin told reportersthrough a translator. 'I just want to ask him why he did this.What he did is very cruel.' Magnotta was also found guilty of committing an indignity to . a human body, publishing and mailing obscene material, and . criminally harassing Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and . other members of Parliament. During a grisly 11-week trial, the prosecution had argued . that Magnotta, a gay escort, was 'a man on a mission' who . carefully planned his acts. He allegedly mailed the butchered body parts around the country, and even filmed himself appearing to engage in cannibalism by eating a piece of Lin's body. Magnotta faces a mandatory life . sentence without possibility of parole for at least 25 years. Diran Lin quit his job in China and came to Canada in . September to attend the trial while his wife and daughter . remained in China. His wife is under a doctor's care and his . daughter has been unable to work since the killing, he said. 'Even though I lost my son, I'm satisfied with the final . result,' he said on Monday, frequently breaking down in tears. 'He got the highest penalty and I'm happy about it.' The case gripped Canada in the spring of 2012 after Lin's . body parts were found in the trash behind a Montreal apartment . building and in packages mailed to elementary schools in . Vancouver and political parties in Ottawa. The mailed packages contained hands and feet wrapped in pink . tissue paper as well as notes and poems. A video Magnotta made . of the killing appeared on the Internet. Magnotta fled to Europe after the killing and was arrested . in a Berlin Internet cafe, where he was reading about himself.
highlights: Diran Lin is the father of Jun Lin, a 33-year-old Chinese student who was murdered by lover Luka Magnotta in Canada in 2012 . Last week, Magnotta was found guilty of killing Lin and sending his dismembered body parts in the mail . Lin's father quit his job in China to attend the trial and said he is 'happy' Magnotta got the maximum sentence of life in prison .
id: bd11a3f4bfe6b00f42f7d1f44e33951592306058
chatgpt: Diran Lin has been waiting for justice for his son Jun Lin for eight long years. Jun, a 33-year-old Chinese student, was brutally murdered by his lover Luka Magnotta in Canada in 2012. The entire ordeal left Jun's father with a deep void that could neither be filled by money nor by any amount of time. However, last week, Magnotta was finally found guilty of murder and was handed a life sentence behind bars. Diran Lin, who had been closely following the case since 2012, was present during the trial, where he reportedly sat quietly in the gallery listening to the evidence presented against Magnotta. The trial was a traumatic experience for him, but ultimately, he was "happy" that his son's killer was brought to justice. For Diran, the verdict has been a long time coming. He quit his job in China to attend the trial in Canada and to be near his son's grave. At the time of his son's killing, Diran was a factory worker who earned a modest salary to support his family back home. His decision to quit his job and attend the trial was not an easy one, but he felt that it was important to be there for his son. Jun Lin's murder was a gruesome one that shocked Canadians and the world. Magnotta, a former gay porn star, was convicted of murdering Jun, dismembering his body, and sending his body parts to schools and political parties in Canada. The case was labeled the "Canadian Psycho" and drew global media attention. Diran said that he hopes the verdict will serve as a warning to others who may be tempted to commit similar crimes. He added that he hoped that his son's spirit will finally be at peace now that his killer has been brought to justice. Despite the verdict, Diran's pain and grief are still profound. His son was a promising young man with a bright future, who had gone to Canada to study and to build a better life for himself and his family. However, that dream was cut short by a senseless act of violence. In conclusion, the verdict in the Luka Magnotta trial has brought closure to Diran Lin, who can now begin to heal from the loss of his son Jun. The trial may have been a long, exhausting journey, but it was a necessary one. The verdict will stand as a warning to all those who may be tempted to commit such heinous crimes, that they will ultimately face justice. As for Diran, he may never truly recover from the loss of his son, but he can finally find comfort in knowing that his son's killer has been held accountable for his actions.