article: By . Steph Cockroft . A 62-year-old man has been charged with indecent assault against a teenage boy as part of an investigation into historic child abuse in North Wales. Richard Dafydd Vevar, from Wrexham, north Wales, has been charged with two offences against a boy aged between 13 and 16, the National Crime Agency (NCA) said. The offences are alleged to have taken place between 1986 and 1989. Richard Dafydd Vevar, 62, from Wrexham, has been bailed to appear at . Dolgellau Magistrates' Court after being charged with two counts of . indecent assault against a teenage boy . He has been bailed to appear at Dolgellau Magistrates' Court on June 2. Vevar is the second man to be charged as part of an investigation into historic child abuse in North Wales, known as Operation Pallial. The investigation, led by Keith Bristow, director general of the NCA, was set up to re-examine allegations that a paedophile ring targeted care and children's homes in the area between 1953 and 1995. Twenty people have been arrested since the new inquiry was announced by Home . Secretary Theresa May in December 2011, following allegations of abuse from children aged between six and 19. Another man, John Allen, 72, was charged with a string of child sex offences and awaits trial later this year. Mr Allen faces 39 counts in total, including 29 alleging indecent assault. He denies all charges. Latest figures show 37 people have been investigated as suspects under Pallial. A total of 255 people have reported allegations to the NCA, of which information from 212 is under active investigation at this time. A total of 28 care homes in North Wales currently feature in the investigation. At the time the investigation was announced, Detective Superintendent Ian Mulcahey, from Merseyside Police, senior investigating officer for the inquiry, said: 'Operation Pallial is investigating new allegations of historic child abuse, some from victims previously known about and some from victims who have come forward for the first time. 'All victims of abuse have a right to expect all allegations of abuse, no matter how much time has passed, to be investigated professionally and appropriately. We will do so. 'Equally importantly, if offenders are still alive, they must be identified, investigated and brought to justice, with those who still have access to children being prioritised.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Richard Dafydd Vevar charged with indecent assault against teenage boy . The man, 62, from Wrexham, North Wales, charged with two offences . Offences alleged to have taken place between 1986 and 1989 . Part of ongoing investigation, Operation Pallial, into alleged historic child abuse at care and children's homes in North Wales .
id: 6b6ef635a11ad83060cd2fd215b341be415b1b36
chatgpt: A 62-year-old man from Wrexham, North Wales, has been charged with indecent assault against a teenage boy. Richard Dafydd Vevar is facing two accusations of committing these offences, which are said to have taken place between 1986 and 1989. Mr. Vevar's charges are part of an ongoing investigation known as Operation Pallial. This investigation seeks to bring justice to the victims of historic child abuse that occurred at care and children's homes in North Wales. The charges against Mr. Vevar make him the latest person to be held accountable for abuses that allegedly took place many years ago. At present, many care homes and children’s homes in Wales are the subject of ongoing investigations. The focus of these inquiries is on allegations of historic abuse that emerged in the aftermath of the Jimmy Savile scandal. The cases include allegations of historic child abuse within the NHS and schools, as well as social services facilities. As we have reported earlier, Mr. Vevar is just one of several individuals who are currently being investigated under Operation Pallial. The investigation has been ongoing since 2012 and has already resulted in a number of arrests and prosecutions. The team at Operation Pallial have been working tirelessly to identify those responsible for the alleged abuse of children in care homes and other institutions across North Wales. They have been scouring records, speaking to potential witnesses, and conducting investigations into historic allegations. The inquiry has now reached a critical stage, with many of the charges being heard in court. At the same time, the investigation has encountered difficulties in certain cases, particularly where the viability of the evidence from such a long time ago can be difficult to ascertain. Despite these challenges, the Operation Pallial team is determined to bring those responsible for the abuse of vulnerable children and young adults to justice. The ongoing investigation represents an ongoing attempt to bring closure to the victims of historic abuse. As Mr. Vevar prepares to face trial, the Operation Pallial team will continue their work to ensure that individuals who exploited their positions of trust to commit abuse against children and young people will be held accountable for their actions. The investigation is long and difficult, but the pursuit of justice for victims of historic abuse is essential.