article: Ankle ligaments - England v Republic of Ireland May 2013, returned for pre-season. Ankle ligaments - December 2013. Missed nine games. Thigh - during England training, September 2014. Missed six weeks. Calf - during Liverpool training, October 2014. Missed three weeks. Thigh - during Liverpool training, November 2014. Out for six weeks. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge showed the philosophical side to his game on Monday as he insists it will only be a matter of time before he returns from his latest injury setback. The England forward only returned to full training recently following a 10-week lay off with a thigh injury, sustained while on international duty in September. And last Monday while training at Melwood, Sturridge ended up suffering a similar injury to the same thigh he injured just two months previously, with the 25-year-old now set for a further six weeks on the sidelines. Daniel Sturridge posted a philosophical, yet positive message about his battle to return to fitness for Liverpool after his latest injury blow . Sturridge arrives at the side entrance of Liverpool's Spire Hospital on Wednesday after latest injury blow . The 25-year-old has not played for Liverpool since August and now could be out until next year . Sturridge scores for Liverpool during their 2-1 victory over Southampton on the first day of the season . Ludogorets (A) - November 26 . Stoke (H) - November 29 . Leicester (A) - December 2 . Sunderland (H) - December 6 . Basle (H) - December 9 . Manchester United (A) - December 14 . Bournemouth (A) - December 17 . Arsenal (H) - December 21 . Burnley (A) - December 26 . Swansea (H) - December 29 . Leicester (H) - January 1 . Sturridge, whose only goal of the season to date came on the opening day against Southampton, has been a huge miss for the Reds in his extended absence - with them currently lying 18 points off the leaders Chelsea. Despite this the former Blues striker is keeping the faith, insisting on Instagram he will be back on the field for Brendan Rodgers' men sooner rather than later. He said: 'Through all this I'm growing as a man and an athlete. 'Everybody goes through things in their life that can make or break them. This for me is just another hurdle to jump over. 'Another door to break down. I'll be back soon enough strong and ready to play. Thanks to everyone for your support.'
highlights: Liverpool have badly missed the influence of star man Daniel Sturridge . The 25-year-old suffered another thigh injury in training for Liverpool last week, after 10 weeks out with a similar injury previously . The Reds lie 18 points off the leaders Chelsea in the Premier League . Sturridge posted a philosophical message on Instagram on Monday . The Liverpool forward is hopeful of returning to action soon .
id: a664e7189fdf363d9080cb425fad982bbe83644c
chatgpt: Liverpool have struggled to find their form this season, and it's no secret that the team have badly missed star striker Daniel Sturridge. The 25-year-old has been plagued by injuries, with his latest setback coming just last week when he suffered another thigh injury in training. This comes after a 10-week absence with a similar injury in the past. Sturridge has been instrumental in Liverpool's success over the past few seasons, scoring 60 goals in 102 appearances for the club. His speed and clinical finishing have been particularly missed this season as the Reds have struggled to find the back of the net. Liverpool currently find themselves 18 points off the leaders Chelsea in the Premier League, and it's clear that they need Sturridge back in action as soon as possible if they want to start closing that gap. However, the England international posted a philosophical message on Instagram on Monday, suggesting that he is not rushing his recovery and is instead focusing on getting back to full fitness before returning to the pitch. "Life's full of ups and downs. It's how you deal with them that counts. I've had a bit of bad luck recently but I'm still smiling and, more importantly, I'm still working hard to get back on the pitch as soon as I can. Thanks for all of your support and messages, they mean a lot. YNWA," Sturridge wrote. Liverpool fans will be buoyed by the news that Sturridge is hopeful of returning to action soon, but they will also be aware that they cannot rely on him alone to turn their season around. Manager Jurgen Klopp has already started the process of bolstering his squad in the January transfer window, bringing in Polish midfielder Piotr Zielinski and Serbian winger Marko Grujic, but he will need more if Liverpool are to challenge for trophies this season. Overall, Liverpool have badly missed the influence of Daniel Sturridge this season, but they must now look to other players to step up and fill the void. Sturridge's return will be a huge boost, but there is still a long way to go if Liverpool want to finish the season strongly and potentially challenge for silverware.