article: The Islamic State terror group is now "a credible alternative to al Qaeda" that is "expanding its presence" with foreign fighters returning from Syria, and possibly Iraq, to their home countries, a U.S. intelligence official said Thursday. The official, who declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information, has direct knowledge of the latest intelligence on the group, also known as ISIS or ISIL. According to an assessment, the group has grown in size since the spring and its takeover of Mosul in northern Iraq as more fighters from around the world have mainly traveled to Syria to join its ranks. The United States believes that while the group remains largely focused on its brutal takeover of large areas of Iraq, there is also an "expansion of its external terrorist ambitions." Some foreign fighters are returning to their home countries with orders to "start new cells" of terrorist activity, the official said. What to know about ISIS . While some members may have a desire to attack the United States, the group's leadership is still focused on establishing an Islamic caliphate. Still, they "see conflict with the United States as inevitable," the official said. The United States believes a deadly shooting at Belgium's Jewish Museum in May by an alleged ISIS loyalist may be the kind of attack that could happen more often in western countries, possibly including the United States. U.S. law enforcement is watching a small number of Americans for possible affiliation with the group. How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda . ISIS foreign fighters may be operating somewhat independently of the organization's hierarchy, which the United States believes maintains lines of authority and even succession plans. The intelligence community is now updating its assessment of how many fighters may be loyal to the group, and the number could be more than 10,000, the official said. ISIS has taken advantage of the momentum it gained in Iraq over the past several months, resulting in a large number of new fighters joining up. Map: Where is ISIS? While it currently has funds from taking over oil facilities and other operations in Iraq, the United States believes that will not be enough to sustain ISIS if it tries to seize the entire country, the official said. The United States also is watching closely to see whether and at what point ISIS loses support from Sunni loyalists in Iraq. The U.S. calculation is that ISIS is taking advantage of its recent momentum. Because it is seen as "successful" in many areas, including Yemen and Africa where al Qaeda affiliates operate, they have gained support from some jihadists more widely. Who is the ISIS? In those areas, they also remain at odds with the core of al Qaeda in Pakistan led by Ayman al-Zawahiri and several of affiliates. The thinking is as momentum slows, ISIS will be "under more pressure, reality sets in," the official said. "We don't see the group as 10 feet tall."
highlights: The Islamic State, also known as ISIS, is expanding its presence, official said . Fighters loyal to ISIS could number more than 10,000 with some returning home countries . Law enforcement is watching a small number of Americans for possible affiliation . The U.S. is watching to see if ISIS loses support from other Sunnis .
id: 16f843e4643be07f3295d4c5470a5f9bd67f085c
chatgpt: Recent intelligence reports indicate that the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, is expanding its presence worldwide. According to official sources, there are growing concerns that their fighters could number over 10,000, with some returning to their home countries and posing a potential threat to national security. Law enforcement agencies in America are closely monitoring a small number of individuals who are suspected to have links to ISIS. These individuals may have affiliations with the extremist group and are being watched for any signs of radicalization or involvement in terrorist activities. It is important to note that not all individuals who have been monitored have been actively engaged in planned attacks. However, the fact that they are being watched underscores the perceived threat of ISIS to national security. Experts have warned that ISIS is not only expanding its operations, but it is also becoming more sophisticated in its tactics. The group is believed to be highly skilled at using social media and other online tools to recruit new members and radicalize impressionable individuals. The U.S. is also keeping a close eye on the situation in the Middle East, where ISIS has been waging a deadly campaign against the government of Syria and other regional actors. There are concerns that if the group gains more support from Sunni Muslim communities, it could become even more dangerous and difficult to contain. In recent months, there have been reports of ISIS losing support in some parts of the region, as other Sunni groups have distanced themselves from the extremist organization. This development has been viewed as a positive sign by Western officials, who hope that ISIS will eventually lose the ability to carry out large-scale attacks. Despite these challenges, there is no doubt that ISIS remains a significant threat to international security. The group has proven to be resilient and adaptable, consistently finding new ways to spread its message and win over new recruits. It is important for governments around the world to remain vigilant and to work together to counter the threat posed by ISIS. This requires close collaboration between intelligence agencies and law enforcement officials, as well as a coordinated effort to counter ISIS propaganda and recruitment efforts. While the situation remains fluid and difficult to predict, there are reasons to be cautiously optimistic about the prospect of defeating ISIS in the long term. With continued international cooperation and a determined effort to confront this dangerous organization, it is possible to contain and eventually defeat the threat posed by ISIS to global peace and security.