article: A Dutch airline boss found himself threatened with a one-way ticket to Siberia after relieving himself on a fence outside Vladimir Putin’s Sochi home. Atilay Uslu, who runs Corendon Dutch Airlines, a sponsor of the Dutch Olympic speed skating team, was returning from a night out when he found himself in need of the bathroom. Mr Uslu decided to use a fence for aim, but was soon surrounded by Russian soldiers. Atilay Uslu, chief of an airline sponsoring the Dutch speed skating team, had been out celebrating when he used Putin's fence as a bathroom . The incident took place around 2am on Sunday morning after Uslyu and a friend had been out in Sochi celebrating the success of the Dutch skaters. It emerged that the fence he was using as a ‘bathroom’ protected the villa of the Russian President in the Winter Olympics resort. ‘[They] talked of a one-way ticket to Siberia and asked me if I had not seen the security cameras or knew that it was Putin’s house,’ Mr Uslu told UPI.com. Fortunately, Mr Uslu was released after one hour in custody, having paid a £830 fine for his ‘crime’. Not impressed: The soldiers who captured Mr Uslu outside Vladimir Putin's villa 'threatened him with a one-way ticket to Siberia' Scene of the crime: Vladimir Putin's well protected luxury villa in Sochi . ‘I don’t really feel like trying to get it back,’ he said. The Dutch speedskating team is having a good Olympics so far, in particular Ireen Wust, who took home a gold medal in the women's 3,000-meter speedskating race on Sunday. She is also the first openly gay athlete to win a medal at the Winter Olympics. Many were positively surprised when the notoriously anti-gay Putin turned up at Wust's after-party to give her a hug and congratulate her on her win.
highlights: Dutch airline boss used Vladimir Putin's villa as his 'bathroom' Atilay Uslu was immediately arrested by group of Russian soldiers . Threatened with a 'ticket to Siberia' but was released after paying a fine .
id: f49763122c41f0b10d104585c58c7dce55e6ee8b
chatgpt: The former owner of Dutch airline company Corendon Airlines, Atilay Uslu, has made headlines after admitting to using Russian President Vladimir Putin's villa as his personal "bathroom." The shocking revelation came to light after Uslu was arrested by a group of Russian soldiers during a trip to Sochi. According to reports, Uslu had wandered into Putin's villa after a night out with some friends. In a drunken state, he had entered the villa and used the bathroom facilities inside, not realizing whose property he was on. Once he was spotted by the soldiers, Uslu was immediately taken into custody and threatened with a "ticket to Siberia." However, he was later released after agreeing to pay a fine. The incident has caused outrage in some quarters, with critics calling for Uslu to be punished more severely for his actions. Others have expressed disbelief that someone could be so careless as to enter a high-security property in a foreign country without realizing the potential consequences. Uslu himself has expressed remorse for his actions and has apologized for any offense caused. In a statement, he said: "I am deeply sorry for what I did and I take full responsibility for my actions. I should never have entered the villa and used the bathroom in that way. I hope that this incident can be put behind us and that I can move on from this mistake." The incident has also drawn attention to the issue of security surrounding high-profile properties such as Putin's villa. Some have called for tighter security measures to be implemented to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. For now, Uslu is free to return to his home country, but the incident is likely to have lasting consequences for both him and his former airline company. It remains to be seen how the public will react to the news and whether the incident will have any impact on Corendon's reputation going forward.