article: (CNN) -- What gives M&Ms their bright colors? That depends on which country you're in. Mars Inc. primarily uses artificial food coloring for the candy in the United States, but M&Ms derive their candy coloring from natural sources in Europe. Now a Change.org petition begun by Renee Shutters and the Center for Science in the Public Interest is calling on Mars to stop using artificial dyes in its American M&Ms as well. As of Tuesday morning, the petition had more than 142,000 supporters. Shutters says her son Trenton showed noticeable improvements in mood and attention span after she removed artificial coloring from his diet a few years ago. M&Ms were his favorite candy. "I just could not believe that something so small could make that big of a difference," Shutters says. European lawmakers moved to require warning labels on foods containing certain artificial colorings after a 2007 study found a slight increase in hyperactivity among children consuming a mixture of the dyes and a preservative. The required label reads: "May have an adverse effect on activity and attention in children." The move came despite the European Food Safety Authority's conclusion that the UK study "provides limited evidence" and "cannot be used as a basis for altering the (accepted daily intake) of the respective food (colors)." Instead of adding the warning, most manufacturers voluntarily switched to dyes derived from natural sources, such as beets or annatto for red, carrots for orange and saffron for yellow. In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration has declined to implement tougher regulations but acknowledged that "certain susceptible children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and other problem behaviors" may have their condition "exacerbated by exposure to a number of substances in food, including, but not limited to, synthetic color additives." The effects on behavior "appear to be due to a unique intolerance to these substances and not to any inherent neurotoxic properties," the FDA said in 2011. Michael Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, says the FDA and big business need to take action. "The Food and Drug Administration should protect the public's health by banning food dyes," Jacobson says. "Companies of course could remove dyes voluntarily, switching to safer natural colorings, and a few big companies are beginning to do it." In November, Kraft announced it would be removing artificial dyes from some varieties of its Macaroni & Cheese. "We have absolute confidence in the safety of all the ingredients we use," Mars said in a statement. "(We) are constantly evaluating and updating ingredients based on consumer preference, new technology, scientific information and availability of raw materials."
highlights: Mars Inc. primarily derives candy coloring from natural sources in Europe . Mom and Center for Science in the Public Interest urging firm to stop using artificial dyes in U.S. Kraft says it will be removing artificial dyes from some Macaroni & Cheese varieties .
id: c6b0bf4c48513c91341fb9c18acfc5ad4598d1d1
chatgpt: Mars Inc., a global confectionery and pet food company, has been using natural coloring sources in Europe for candy manufacturing. However, the company has been urged to eliminate the use of artificial dyes in its products in the U.S. by the Mom and Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI).  Mars Inc. is known for its popular candy brands, such as M&M's, Skittles, and Snickers. Color additives have been used in manufacturing these candies to enhance their visual appeal. However, CSPI and Mom have been pressuring the company to switch to natural coloring sources for its U.S. products. According to CSPI, artificial dyes have been linked to various health problems in children, including hyperactivity and behavioral problems. Hence, the organization has been urging food companies to eliminate these artificial dyes from their products. Mars Inc. has partially addressed these concerns by using natural coloring sources in its European candies. However, it continues to use artificial dyes in some of its U.S. products. Mom and CSPI have been actively advocating for food safety measures in the U.S. and have launched a petition that calls for Mars Inc. to stop using artificial dyes in all of its products. The petition has garnered a significant number of signatures and has brought Mars Inc. under the radar of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In response to this pressure, Mars Inc. has decided to gradually transition to natural coloring sources in its U.S. products. However, the company has not committed to a specific timeline for this transition. Mars has asserted that its artificial coloring sources are safe and that it adheres to FDA guidelines on food safety. Nonetheless, the company recognizes the growing demand among customers for natural ingredients and is willing to make changes to meet their expectations. Mars Inc. is not the only food company to face criticism over the use of artificial dyes. Kraft Foods Group, a U.S.-based food and beverage company, recently announced that it would be removing artificial dyes from some varieties of its popular Macaroni & Cheese product. This decision was made in response to growing awareness about the potential health risks of artificial dyes. Kraft Foods' move has been praised by Mom and CSPI, who have long been advocating for the removal of artificial dyes from food products. CSPI has stated that it will continue to pressure other food companies to make similar changes to their products.  In conclusion, Mars Inc. has been urged to stop using artificial dyes in its U.S. products by Mom and CSPI due to potential health risks. While the company has been using natural coloring sources in Europe, it has not fully committed to eliminating artificial dyes from its U.S. products. Nonetheless, the growing public demand for natural ingredients has prompted food companies like Mars and Kraft Foods to reconsider their use of artificial dyes.