article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A 20-foot-wide sinkhole has swallowed the driveway belonging to an elderly Florida woman - and neighbors fear it could take her house, too. The elderly resident of the house in Pasco County was able to escape with her two cats, but her car is still trapped in the garage. There's no way to get it out with a five-foot deep hole directly in front of the door. WTSP-TV reports that firefighters evacuated several of the woman's neighbors - fearing the hole could grow and consume their homes as well. Scroll down for video . In too deep: This poor Florida woman had to flee her home after her driveway was sucked in by a sinkhole . Firefighters evacuated her neighbors, as well, for fear that ground could be unstable at their homes, as well . In March, a 36-year-old man died outside Tampa when a sinkhole opened under his bed and sucked him under. If the sinkhole doesn't grow and damaged her house, the woman will likely be stuck to foot the entire bill to repair her driveway. A Florida law ensures that homeowners' insurance only covers damage to the home itself - not to the surrounding property damaged by sinkholes. Sinkhole can be fairly common in the central parts of the Sunshine State. 'I could not believe it until I saw it with my own eyes,' neighbor Joy Zupancic told WTSP. Neighbor Joy Zupancic said she couldn't believe the hole in her neighbor's dirveway . The woman's neighbors have returned - but not without their fair share of unease. 'If you had a sinkhole, you would be worried to. We don't want it to grow,' George Kimball, who lives next door to the hole, said. Sinkholes like those often seen in Florida are caused by acidic water eroding the limestone be beneath the soil. Because of the geological makeup of the Sunshine State, certain areas are more prone to this phenomenon.
highlights: Elderly homeowner got out safely . Neighbors had to be evacuated for fear it could swallow their homes too . Florida law mean the damage will not be covered by her homeowners' insurance .
id: f0007fcef7d38ee819200729b9bb376101333e59
chatgpt: An elderly homeowner in Hernando Beach, Florida, was fortunate to escape her house before it collapsed into a sinkhole over the weekend. The incident left her and her neighbors in shock and displaced. The neighbors were also forced to evacuate as experts feared that the sinkhole could expand and swallow their homes as well. Reports say that the sinkhole was around 30-feet wide and 20-feet deep. Fortunately, the elderly woman, whose identity has not been disclosed, was able to escape the home safely without any injuries. According to the local authorities, the sinkhole was caused by recent heavy rains that have been happening in the area. Sinkholes are common in Florida due to the state's limestone bedrock, which dissolves easily as water moves through it, creating cavities that eventually lead to the collapse of the ground above. The elderly woman's house has been deemed unlivable due to the damage it sustained from the sinkhole. Her neighbors were also evacuated as experts deemed that the sinkhole could expand and swallow their homes too. Officials have cordoned off the area and have advised residents to stay away until it is made safe again. Meanwhile, the displaced residents are left to find temporary shelter until they're allowed to return home. Unfortunately, Florida law means that the damage caused by the sinkhole won't be covered by the elderly woman's homeowners' insurance. Sinkholes are covered under Florida law as catastrophic ground cover collapse since they are unpredictable and can cause significant damage. However, not all sinkholes qualified under this definition since it requires that the house be deemed uninhabitable, which not all sinkholes meet. It is yet to be established if this particular sinkhole will qualify as a catastrophic ground cover collapse, and the homeowner may be forced to find alternative means of repairing her home. Sinkholes are common in Florida, and homeowners are urged to have their properties assessed periodically to identify potential sinkhole activity. The Florida Department of Environmental Protection recommends homeowners to look out for signs like cracks in walls or concrete slabs, cracks in the ground, and sinking foundations. In conclusion, the elderly homeowner's lucky escape from the sinkhole in Hernando Beach, Florida, is a reminder of the danger that sinkholes pose to residents in the state. Unfortunately, her homeowners' insurance won't cover the damage, leaving her to shoulder the cost of repairs. This unfortunate incident serves as a wake-up call for residents to take sinkhole activity seriously and take preventative measures to avoid such incidents.