article: (CNN) -- The coaching changes just keep on coming in the tennis off-season. First, Maria Sharapova hired Sven Groeneveld. Then Novak Djokovic added the big name of six-time grand slam champion Boris Becker to his team. Grand slam winners Michael Chang and Goran Ivanisevic will work with Kei Nishikori and Marin Cilic, respectively, in 2014, too. And even though he hasn't yet named a replacement for Paul Annacone, Roger Federer trained under two-time Wimbledon champion Stefan Edberg this month. Now David Ferrer has revealed that he has cut ties with his longtime coach, Javier Piles, and will join forces with Jose Altur. "After 15 years of hard work, effort and sacrifice, my coach, Javier Piles, and I have decided that we've reached the end of the road," Ferrer told the ATP Tour website. "It will be best for both of us to start a new phase by going our separate ways. "This decision isn't because of any personal or professional problem. Indeed, our personal relationship has been, is, and will continue to be very good. We need space . "But, of course, after 15 years there's been a lot of wear of tear on both our parts and we both need our space." Piles had been the world No. 3's lone coach since he turned professional in 2000 and guided the player from Valencia into the top five and a maiden grand slam final this year at the French Open. Ferrer is known as one of the hardest workers in tennis -- maximizing his ability -- with Piles the main reason. In January, Ferrer became the 39th player in the Open Era to collect 500 wins, not bad for someone who once thought he was the worst player in the history of the top 100. Under Piles, Ferrer also qualified for five year-end championships and became a threat on hard courts, not only on his favored clay. Altur -- the new guiding force behind Ferrer -- is a former touring pro who also hails from Valencia.
highlights: French Open finalist David Ferrer splits with longtime coach Javier Piles . The Spanish world No. 3 will now work with Jose Altur . Piles had been Ferrer's coach since he turned professional in 2000 . Last week world No.2 Novak Djokovic hired Boris Becker .
id: d260cd25e6ff1409508e01016d73abc31c7c4131
chatgpt: David Ferrer, the Spanish world No. 3 and French Open finalist, has announced that he will be parting ways with his longtime coach Javier Piles. Ferrer has been working with Piles since turning professional in 2000, and the decision to split marks the end of a long and successful partnership. The news of the split comes just days after world No. 2 Novak Djokovic announced that he had hired Boris Becker as his new coach. Djokovic's decision to enlist the help of the experienced and highly respected Becker was seen as a major coup for the Serbian, and has drawn attention to the role of coaches in elite tennis. Ferrer, who is known for his hard work and scrappy style on the court, will now be working with Jose Altur, another respected coach from Spain. Altur has worked with a number of top players in the past, including Tommy Robredo and Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez. While the split with Piles is sure to be a difficult one for Ferrer, it could potentially provide a fresh start for the veteran player. Ferrer has been one of the consistent performers on the ATP tour for over a decade, but has struggled to make the leap to Grand Slam champion. Last year's run to the French Open final was his best showing to date, but he was ultimately overwhelmed by the dominant Rafael Nadal in the final. Ferrer has had a strong start to the 2019 season, winning the ASB Classic in Auckland in January and reaching the semi-finals at the Australian Open. He will be hoping that his new partnership with Altur will help him to achieve even greater success in the months ahead. The announcement of Ferrer's split with Piles comes at a time of change and upheaval in the world of tennis coaching. With players like Djokovic turning to high-profile names like Becker, many are wondering whether the role of the coach is becoming increasingly important in the modern game. For Ferrer, the decision to part ways with Piles is undoubtedly a difficult one, but it could also be a necessary step on his road to even greater success. It remains to be seen how his partnership with Altur will work out, but there is no doubt that the Spanish star will be giving his all in pursuit of his goals.