article: (CNN) -- A U.S. court of appeals gave Facebook a thumbs up on Wednesday when it ruled that "likes" on the social network are protected as free speech under the Constitution. In 2009, six employees at the Hampton Sheriff's Office in Virginia lost their jobs after expressing support for their boss' opponent in an upcoming election for sheriff, some by liking and commenting on the opponent's Facebook page. U.S. Circuit Judge William Traxler found that "liking" something on the social network was the "Internet equivalent of displaying a political sign in one's front yard," an act the Supreme Court has already ruled as protected speech. The decision from the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia, was a reversal of an earlier ruling on the case, in which District Judge Raymond Jackson said liking a Facebook page was "insufficient speech to merit constitutional protection." Other courts have ruled that posts on the social network are protected as free speech, but Jackson differentiated between making full statements and just clicking a button to like something. Two of the employees, Deputy Daniel Carter and Robert McCoy, claimed they were fired by Sheriff B.J. Roberts specifically for liking a Facebook profile for Roberts' opponent, Jim Adams. The two also posted messages showing their support on Adam's Facebook page. Eventually, McCoy said he removed his post on Facebook after co-workers asked him why he'd risked his job so close to retirement. Roberts allegedly confronted Carter and said, "You made your bed, and now you're going to lie in it -- after the election, you're gone." When Roberts won his bid for re-election, he did not reinstate a number of employees, including Carter. Facebook and the American Civil Liberties Union became involved with the case, both filing friend of the court briefs. "The Constitution doesn't distinguish between 'liking' a candidate on Facebook and supporting him in a town meeting or public rally," the ACLU's Ben Wizner said in a statement. School district hires firm to monitor students' social media . Twitter faces new pressure to limit hate speech . University suspends fraternity over Facebook posts .
highlights: 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules clicking "like" on Facebook is protected as free speech . Employees claimed they were fired after "liking" their boss' opponent in an election . This decision reverses an earlier ruling that said "likes" were just button presses .
id: 2b753990c42db9e3a8542a5f023be0588ea263ee
chatgpt: In a landmark ruling on Wednesday, the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals declared that a simple "like" on Facebook is a protected form of free speech. This decision is the result of a case where several employees claimed they were fired after "liking" their boss' opponent in an election. The initial ruling in the case claimed that clicking the "like" button was nothing more than the press of a button, not worthy of constitutional protection. However, the appeals court has now overturned that verdict, asserting that "the expression of approval" carries with it significant weight and meaning. The case began when six employees of the Hampton Sheriff's Department in Virginia were fired for supporting the opposing candidate in the 2013 sheriff's race against their boss, B.J. Roberts. The employees had publicly "liked" a Facebook page for the challenger, which resulted in their termination. The ACLU argued on behalf of the employees and filed a lawsuit claiming their First Amendment rights had been violated. In the original ruling, U.S. District Judge Raymond Jackson stated that, "liking a political candidate's campaign page communicates the user's approval of the candidate and supports the campaign by associating the user with it. In this way, it is the Internet equivalent of displaying a political sign in one's front yard, which the Supreme Court has held is substantive speech." The appeals court took this a step further by insisting that, "On the most basic level, clicking on the 'like' button literally causes to be published the statement that the User 'likes' something, which is itself a substantive statement." The significance of this ruling extends beyond the world of Facebook and social media. This decision serves as a precedent for other cases in which online activity is used as a means of expression that is protected under the First Amendment. The ruling states that, "We are cognizant that the First Amendment's protection is not confined to verbal expressions or the written word. In conclusion, liking a political candidate's campaign page is a form of expression protected by the First Amendment. The decision on this case has sent a strong message to employers: employees' free speech rights extend to social media, and punishing an employee for expressing their beliefs in a public forum can infringe upon their constitutional rights. Employers should be careful when taking action against employees based on their online activity as it may violate their free speech rights.