article: (CNN) -- Christopher Lloyd picked through the charred remnants of his Montecito, California, home Monday morning, resigning himself to the fact it cannot be rebuilt. Christopher Lloyd's $11 million home in Montecito, California, was destroyed by the "Tea Fire." The "Back to the Future" and "Taxi" star showed ABC's "Good Morning America" what remained of his $11 million home in the exclusive celebrity neighborhood northwest of Los Angeles. "Boy, look at that," Lloyd said as he approached the rubble. "All this happens in a couple of minutes." Lloyd's home was among dozens of homes lost in wildfires in Southern California. The "Tea Fire" which started at the privately owned Tea Garden Estate, about a mile north of Santa Barbara's Westmont College, ripped through an area that Oprah Winfrey, Michael Douglas, Rob Lowe and other celebrities call home. Lloyd told "Good Morning America" that it was "just sort of sinking in" that his home was gone for good. "It's amazing, its just gone," Lloyd told "Good Morning America." "Rebuilding would be -- it's too much. You can't rebuild that." The home's windows were blown out, entire sections demolished, and piles of concrete, ashy trees and shrubbery were scattered across the property. "You watch TV, you see these kinds of incidents happening here and there, but you look with a kind of detachment because it's happening ... elsewhere," he told "Good Morning America." "But suddenly to be in the midst of it -- it's a very different awareness." Lloyd joked that he had been planning on organizing and storing memorabilia from the home, but never got around to it. "Kind of don't have to worry about that now," he said.
highlights: Christopher Lloyd's home one of dozens destroyed by California wildfires . Lloyd: "Rebuilding would be -- it's too much. You can't rebuild that" Lloyd: Having home destroyed brings "different awareness" than watching on TV .
id: 88b8d239aee192d01e410fab76cb969bf953fd7c
chatgpt: Actor Christopher Lloyd's home has been destroyed in the recent California wildfires, along with dozens of other properties. The fires have caused widespread devastation across the state, with many residents forced to evacuate their homes in order to avoid the flames. Sadly for Lloyd and others, returning home afterwards has been a bitter blow, with whole communities upturned and homes reduced to nothing but ash. Speaking to reporters about the tragedy, Lloyd voiced his despair at the thought of trying to rebuild and start again. "Rebuilding would be -- it's too much. You can't rebuild that," he said. For many people affected by the fires, the emotional toll of starting over can be just as challenging as the practicalities of rebuilding. Lloyd agreed, saying that the experience had given him a "different awareness" than merely watching such devastation on television. The wildfires in California have been an annual occurrence for decades, but they have become increasingly dangerous and intense in recent years. Climate change is believed to be a major factor in the worsening fire season, which now starts earlier and lasts longer than it used to. With dry, hot weather conditions causing a tinderbox effect in many areas, it takes just a single spark to set off a potentially catastrophic blaze. As Californians try to grapple with the damage caused by the latest wildfires, many are rallying together to help those affected by the disaster. From providing shelter for evacuees to donating clothing and food, the community response has been heartening in the face of such tragedy. But despite this solidarity, the road to recovery will be long and difficult for those who have lost their homes and livelihoods. For Christopher Lloyd and others like him, the coming months and years will involve picking up the pieces and trying to put their lives back together. But as he pointed out, the experience of having his home destroyed has given him a new perspective on what really matters in life. "We'll see what happens," he said. "You just have to take it as it comes."