article: (CNN)  -- Three protesters scaled the Golden Gate Bridge Monday and unfurled a "Free Tibet" banner, a likely precursor to large protests when the Olympic torch arrives Wednesday in San Francisco, California. Members of Students for a Free Tibet climbed the bridge to place these banners, said the group's spokesman. The banner read, "One World. One Dream. Free Tibet." Those who climbed cables from which the bridge is suspended are members of Students for a Free Tibet, said group spokesman Tenzin Dasang. The three were arrested along with four others at the site. All seven were charged with felony conspiracy and misdemeanor nuisance, said California Highway Patrol Officer Mary Ziegenbein. The climbers also were charged with misdemeanor trespassing.  Watch protesters and banner hung from bridge » . The incident forced the closure of one northbound lane of the bridge. The climbers -- who were on the bridge for about three hours -- came down voluntarily about 1:15 p.m. (4:15 p.m. ET) after workers with the Golden Gate Bridge District began cutting down their banner, Ziegenbein said. Dasang said he has heard of many people planning to protest in San Francisco against China's human rights record. "We want it to be peaceful. But it will be large," said Dasang, 22, during a phone interview in which he said he was near the bridge. "I heard from Tibetans that now live all over the U.S. and even abroad who are coming here." The Olympic flame is on a 130-day journey that will take it through 23 cities on five continents and then throughout China, culminating at the Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing August 8. The San Francisco protest comes the same day as a demonstration in Paris, France, disrupted the torch relay many times. In Paris, police had to cut the Olympic torch relay short Monday amid protests against China's human rights record, French police said. The torch was scheduled to travel 17 miles, past Paris City Hall, but that stop and others were called off after the protests. The torch made it through about 10 miles of its scheduled journey. It was then driven by bus to its final destination, where it was displayed again during a public ceremony at a stadium. Authorities had to play hide-and-seek with the Olympic torch during much of the route, placing it on a bus at least twice during a sometimes chaotic relay route. China has come under international criticism because of its crackdown last month on protesters calling for democratic freedoms and self-rule in Tibet and neighboring Chinese provinces. Protesters have said more than 100 people have died in the crackdown, but Beijing denies that and has accused supporters of the Dalai Lama of orchestrating the violence. U.S. and other Western leaders have called on China to provide civil rights and freedoms to those in Tibet and to enter peaceful discussions aimed at resolving the crisis.  E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Protesters arrested after hanging "Free Tibet" banner from bridge . The climbers come down voluntarily after three hours . Earlier in day, protests in Paris, France, cut short Olympic torch relay . China faces international criticism over crackdown on protests seeking Tibet self-rule .
id: b2d3ba739af767da7aa25c3ba8e1d186168c3394
chatgpt: In yet another protest against China's handling of Tibet, a group of climbers hung a "Free Tibet" banner from a bridge in _____ on Tuesday. The climbers, whose identities remain unknown, hung the banner and stayed atop the bridge for nearly three hours before voluntarily coming down. They were immediately arrested and taken into custody. This protest occurred on the same day that the Olympic torch relay in Paris, France, was cut short due to protests against China's crackdown on Tibetan protestors. The international community has been highly critical of China's response to unrest in Tibet, with many countries and organizations demanding an end to the Chinese occupation of Tibet and the establishment of Tibetan self-rule. Since March, protests have raged across Tibet, with demonstrators demanding an end to Chinese rule and greater autonomy for Tibetans. The Chinese government has responded with force, cracking down on demonstrations and arresting thousands of protestors, including many monks and nuns. The international community, including the United States and European Union, has been highly critical of China's response to the unrest, with many concerned about reports of human rights abuses and the use of excessive force against peaceful protestors. The United Nations has also expressed concern about the situation in Tibet, with the High Commissioner for Human Rights calling for an independent investigation into allegations of torture and other abuses. Despite the international criticism, China has remained firm in its stance on Tibet, insisting that it has the right to maintain control over the region and that it will not tolerate separatist movements. Chinese officials have accused the Dalai Lama, the exiled spiritual leader of Tibet, of fomenting unrest in the region and encouraging separatism. This latest protest is just one in a series of demonstrations against China's rule in Tibet. From London to San Francisco, protestors have taken to the streets to demand greater freedom for Tibetans and an end to China's occupation of the region. Although these protests have yet to achieve their goals, they have succeeded in drawing attention to the situation in Tibet and putting pressure on the Chinese government to change its policies. As tensions continue to simmer in Tibet, the international community will be closely watching developments in the region, hoping for a peaceful resolution to the ongoing crisis. Until then, protests and demonstrations are likely to continue, as Tibetans and their supporters around the world refuse to remain silent in the face of what they see as oppression and injustice.