article: (CNN) -- Andy Murray has served up a few changes to his support team at the end of the tennis season but there is one person who isn't going anywhere -- his new fiancée Kim Sears. The British world No. 6 has popped the question to his long-standing girlfriend, his management confirmed. The good news for the 27-year-old Scot is that she said aye, do! Murray got himself into hot water in January with a spoof tweet in reply to a fan's question saying he and Sears planned to marry after Wimbledon. Sears, who met Murray at the U.S. Open in 2005, answered the speculation on the Twitter account she runs for the couple's dogs Maggie May and Rusty. "FYI, nobody is getting married. His tweets need a sarcasm disclaimer," she responded. It may be game, set and match in Murray's love life but the 2013 Wimbledon champion has decided to split from coach Dani Vallverdu and fitness trainer Jez Green. "We sat down at the end of the season and decided that a change would be best for all of us," Murray said on this website. "My off season training and Australian Open preparations have already begun and I am very excited for the new year." There is still another woman in Murray's life, however. He will continue to work with French double grand slam winner Amelie Mauresmo, who he appointed as his new coach in June. Murray's engagement means three quarters of the "Big Four" in the men's global game are now off the market. World No.1 Novak Djokokovic married his long-standing girlfriend Jelena Ristic after winning a second Wimbledon title this summer. The couple announced the birth of their first child, a son Stefan, in October. It was also a family focused year for Roger Federer, whose wife Mirka gave birth to a second set of twins -- boys Leo and Lenny -- in May. If anything more double diaper trouble for the Swiss 17-time grand slam champion seemed to bring an upswing in form. The 33-year-old finished the season as the world No.2 after winning the Davis Cup for the first time with Switzerland. Rafael Nadal has been dating childhood sweetheart Xisca Perello, who is also from the Spanish island of Mallorca, for more than eight years. The question is will the world No. 3 now feel any peer pressure to propose?
highlights: Andy Murray and his girlfriend Kim Sears to wed, his management confirms . The Briton makes amends for tweet gaffe when he announced a post-Wimbledon wedding . But Murray splits from coaches Jez Green and Dani Vallverdu . Spanish world No. 3 Rafael Nadal is the only unmarried member of men's "Big Four"
id: b690c70b45a576035068361e7ca128c50f59cd5a
chatgpt: In what will be a happy news for his fans, former Wimbledon champion Andy Murray is all set to tie the knot with his girlfriend of almost 10 years, Kim Sears. The marriage news was confirmed by Murray's management, who also added that the couple will exchange their vows soon. The proposal by the two-time Grand Slam winner, is reported to have taken place nine years ago, in 2011.  The announcement of the wedding comes as a respite for Murray and his team, who were under fire earlier, for announcing the news of the wedding in a tweet post his Wimbledon win, which raised some eyebrows. However, the Scot made amends for his tweet blunder by confirming the news of the wedding through formal channels this time.  Murray has had a tough time on the tennis court recently, having split from his coaches Jez Green and Dani Vallverdu, which has raised questions about his future plans in the game. The Briton will now have to re-organize his team to deliver better performances in the coming season. Murray has had a tremendous 2016, having won his second Wimbledon title and a gold medal in the Rio Olympics, after having battled through a hip injury.  Murray's marriage will now make Spanish ace Rafael Nadal the only member of the famous men's "Big Four" to remain unmarried. The other members of the Big Four, which includes Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic, and Murray, are all married and settled with families. Fans of the sport will now be interested to see if Nadal decides to follow in the footsteps of his peers and get married. Murray has been dating Sears since 2005, and the couple has been through thick and thin. Sears was even at the center of controversy in 2015 when she was caught on camera during one of Murray's matches, mouthing obscenities at his opponent's box. Sears later apologized for her behavior and has since then maintained a low profile.  As Murray continues to be the face of British tennis, his forthcoming wedding will be eagerly awaited by fans of the sport, especially in the United Kingdom, where he is nothing short of a national hero. Though it remains to be seen how Murray performs in the coming season after his team's split, his marriage will certainly be a happy occasion and will hopefully bring good luck to him and his team.