article: A smoker who switched to e-cigarettes for health reasons has described the horrific moment the device 'nearly blew his legs off'. David Aspinall's e-cigarette left him fighting for his life, after it overheated and exploded - showering his limbs with metal. The 48-year-old, from Wigan, nearly lost his flat in the blaze that followed - and spent nine days in hospital recovering from the ordeal. David Aspinall's e-cigarette overheated and exploded - showering his limbs with shards of metal . The 48-year-old said the device overheated and exploded before sparking a fire which nearly cost him his flat . He said he suffered a huge hole in one leg and a gash in the other. He spent nine days in hospital recovering . He claims that medics likened his injuries to bullet wounds - and says he is lucky to be alive. Mr Aspinall, who may need three years of skin grafts to recover, told The Sun: 'It glowed and burned in my hand. I dropped it and it exploded. 'There was lots of blood, a huge hole in one leg and a gash in the other.' 'It could have blown my head off,' he added. 'The surgeon said it was like someone had used a gun.' Despite his terrible injuries, he managed to stagger to a neighbour, who described the scene as similar to a horror film. As well as his leg, metal from the exploding e-cigarette had embedded itself in much of Mr Aspinall's furniture. Having switched to e-cigarettes for health reasons, he has now reverted to regular tobacco, branding it 'safer'. He claims the shop that sold him the e-cigarette blamed faulty batteries. The incident come after a 62-year-old man in Merseyside died in August, in what was thought to be Britain's first death from an exploding e-cigarette. Mr Aspinall will need three years of skin grafts to recover, doctors treating him have warned . Mr Aspinall said: 'There was lots of blood, a huge hole in one leg and a gash in the other' Having switched to e-cigarettes for health reasons, he has now reverted to regular tobacco, branding it 'safer' Investigators believe the blaze started when an e-cigarette that was charging in the bedroom exploded and set fire to an oxygen concentrator - thought to have been used by the victim, David Thompson. It is believed he was using a third-party charger that did not come with the original e-cigarette. In May, a mother and her two young children fled for their lives when an e-cigarette exploded, setting their flat on fire. A fireman told Keeley Cooper, 22, the clouds of toxic smoke could have killed her and her sons Ellis, five, and Riegan, two, if they had been asleep. Miss Cooper had to stay in a bed and breakfast while her council flat in Shard End, Birmingham, was repaired.
highlights: WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Dave Aspinall's e-cigarette overheated and exploded sparking a fire . 48-year-old spent nine days in hospital after metal showered his limbs . Doctors treating him likened his injuries to gun shot wounds . Mr Aspinall, who nearly lost his flat, will need three years of skin grafts . He said: 'There was lots of blood, a hole in one leg and a gash in the other'
id: 0fa57fd4fb7f532a4712f032c3c92e8b456694b4
chatgpt: A man in northwestern England is warning e-cigarette users about the potential dangers of these devices after his own device overheated and exploded, causing serious injury to his body. Dave Aspinall, a 48-year-old resident of Bolton, was using his e-cigarette when it suddenly burst into flames, showering him with hot metal fragments. The incident caused a fire that nearly destroyed his home, and Mr Aspinall himself suffered severe burns on his legs and arms. The father of one was rushed to hospital, where doctors were forced to treat him for injuries that they likened to those caused by gun shot wounds. Mr Aspinall spent nine days in the hospital and will require three years of treatment for skin grafts and physical therapy. Speaking to reporters after the ordeal, Mr Aspinall said: "There was lots of blood, a hole in one leg and a gash in the other. I had to have skin taken from my leg to close the wound on my arm." E-cigarette explosions have been reported in the past, but the incidents have largely been isolated. Mr Aspinall's case, however, serves as a sobering reminder that these devices, which are designed to help people quit smoking, can be dangerous and even life-threatening. The cause of Mr Aspinall's e-cigarette explosion is not yet known, but some experts speculate that it could be a result of overheating or a defective battery. In recent years, there have been a number of incidents involving e-cigarette explosions, with many experts calling for stricter regulation of these devices. While e-cigarettes are generally considered less harmful than traditional cigarettes, they are not without their risks. Users have reported a range of adverse reactions, including coughing, wheezing, and shortness of breath. More serious reactions, such as nicotine poisoning and lung injuries, have also been reported. The UK government has taken steps to regulate the e-cigarette industry, implementing a number of restrictions on the sale and distribution of these devices. Nevertheless, concerns remain about the potential health risks associated with e-cigarettes. In light of Mr Aspinall's experience, health officials are once again stressing the importance of proper use and care when it comes to e-cigarettes. They advise users to only buy these devices from reputable manufacturers and to follow all safety guidelines. It is also recommended that users monitor their e-cigarettes carefully and dispose of any that show signs of damage or malfunction. While e-cigarettes can be a useful smoking cessation tool, users should always be aware of the potential risks and take the necessary precautions to stay safe.