article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . David Hammond, 27, claimed his fiancee's £20,000 ring was stolen during a holiday to Brazil . A businessman was caught out making a bogus insurance claim for his fiancée’s £20,000 diamond ring after she was spotted wearing it on Facebook. David Hammond, 27, said the jewellery had been stolen during a holiday in Brazil. He reported the theft to police in Rio de Janeiro and then filed an insurance claim on his return to Britain in January last year. But when the insurance underwriters spotted the telltale photo on his fiancee’s Facebook page, he claimed he had found the ring. He finally withdrew the insurance claim seven months later, the Old Bailey was told. Hammond, a partner in a furniture company, pleaded guilty to one charge of fraud against Aqueduct underwriters. Yesterday Judge Charles Wide QC gave him a six-month prison sentence suspended for 12 months. The judge ordered Hammond to carry out 200 hours unpaid work, spend three months on an electronically tagged curfew at his home between 8pm and 7am and pay £300 costs. Judge Wide told him: ‘This was thoroughly dishonest. You quite deliberately made a bogus insurance claim trying to con an insurance company out of £20,000. ‘False claims add to other people’s premiums so this is not a victimless crime. ‘Having been caught out because your fiancée was seen displaying the ring on Facebook, the insurance company asked loss adjusters to look at it and some three or four months after this bogus claim you told a pack of lies about it and you didn’t withdraw the claim until August. The businessman made an insurance claim back in the UK - but was caught out when his bride-to-be posted this image of the £20,000 ring on her Facebook page . 'You didn’t even tell the whole truth to the police.’ Hammond, of Palmers Green, north London, is a partner in Focus Furnishing in north-west London. He is due to marry his fiancée in September. Detective Constable Patrick Einsmann, who led City of London Police’s investigation, said: ‘Hammond thought his fraudulent claim would see him quids in but it has instead left him heading down the aisle with a criminal record and a suspended jail term to his name.’
highlights: David Hammond, 27, said the £20,000 ring was stolen during Brazil holiday . Reported theft to police in Rio de Janerio and filed insurance claim in UK . But insurers spotted photo of jewellery on fiancée's Facebook . Hammond pleaded guilty to one charge of fraud at Old Bailey . Given six-month sentence suspended for 12 months .
id: 3a8e3f6b72aa5237f2778fa502e40f309db975bf
chatgpt: A UK man has been given a suspended sentence after falsely claiming his £20,000 engagement ring was stolen during a holiday in Brazil. David Hammond, 27, reported the theft to police in Rio de Janeiro and filed an insurance claim in the UK when he returned home. However, his insurers discovered a photo of the diamond ring on his fiancée’s Facebook page. Hammond pleaded guilty to one charge of fraud at the Old Bailey and was given a six-month sentence suspended for 12 months. The court heard how Hammond had purchased the ring from a jeweller in London’s Hatton Garden district and had it insured for £19,000. But during a holiday in Brazil, he claimed the ring had been stolen from his hotel room along with a number of other items. The theft was reported to local police and Hammond returned to the UK and filed a claim with his insurers. However, his insurers became suspicious after discovering a photo of the ring on his fiancée’s Facebook page. Prosecutors said Hammond had initially denied any knowledge of the photo but later admitted that he had staged the theft in order to cash in on the insurance claim. In sentencing, Judge Peter Rook said Hammond’s actions had been “dishonest” and had caused “significant cost to the insurance industry”. “This was a premeditated fraud, even if at the point of making the claim the loss may have been genuine,” Judge Rook said. Hammond’s defence lawyer said he had been experiencing financial difficulties at the time of the incident and had made a “stupid mistake”. “He is deeply ashamed of what he has done and wishes to apologise to the court for his behaviour,” the lawyer said. Hammond’s sentence will be suspended for 12 months on the condition that he completes 180 hours of community service and pays £180 in costs. He will also be required to attend a rehabilitation programme for six months.