article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . A person's wealth is a key indicator of the type of cancer they are likely to suffer from, scientists say. U.S. researchers have discovered that certain types of cancers are prevalent in different classes. They say more affluent people are likely to suffer from melanoma, thyroid and testicular cancers. Poorer people, on the other hand, are more likely to be diagnosed with cancers of the larynx, cervix, penis, and liver. Class divide: More affluent people are likely to suffer from skin cancer - including melanoma - thyroid and testicular cancers . And while these people are less likely to be diagnosed with cancer, they are more likely to die from the disease. Dr Francis Boscoe, of the New York State Cancer Registry, said: 'At first glance, the effects seem to cancel one another out. 'When it comes to cancer, the poor are more likely to die of the disease while the affluent are more likely to die with the disease.' The study, published online in the journal CANCER, looked at the richest and poorest neighbourhoods covering over two fifths of the U.S. population. Researchers assigned nearly three million tumours diagnosed between 2005 and 2009 into one of four groupings based on the poverty rate of the residential census at the time of diagnosis. Certain cancers - Kaposi sarcoma and cancers of the larynx, cervix, penis, and liver - were more likely in the poorest neighborhoods, while other cancers - melanoma, thyroid and testis - were more likely in the wealthiest neighborhoods. Dr Boscoe added: 'Our hope is that our paper will illustrate the value and necessity of doing this routinely in the future.' New research: The study found those who were worse off were more prone to suffering liver cancer, as well as forms of the disease affecting the larynx, penis and cervix . Previous research from UCSF found that well-off women are more likely to suffer from skin cancer.  In the United States, more than 90 per cent of the most deadly skin cancers – malignant melanomas – occur in the white population. The researchers found that young women are at highest risk for malignant melanoma if they live in neighbourhoods that are both more well-to-do and sunnier. Other research from The Christie Hospital in Manchester found that middle-class people are significantly more likely to develop breast and skin cancer than the less well off. The researchers suggested that career women delaying having children and exposing themselves more to the sun on foreign holidays are thought to be behind the gap. They added that social deprivation is linked to lung and cervical cancer, as less affluent people are more likely to smoke and miss smear tests.
highlights: Researchers at New York State Cancer Registry discovered certain types of cancers are more prevalent in different classes . More affluent suffer from melanoma, thyroid and testicular cancers . While poorer people suffer larynx, cervix, penis and liver forms of disease .
id: df4d349779c5e7bc524367d4166b38f2238bcfa0
chatgpt: A recent study conducted by researchers at the New York State Cancer Registry has discovered a correlation between a person's socio-economic status and the type of cancer they are likely to develop. The study found that more affluent individuals were more likely to suffer from skin cancer, thyroid cancer, and testicular cancer, while individuals from lower socio-economic backgrounds were more likely to suffer from larynx cancer, cervical cancer, penile cancer, and liver cancer. The study examined data from over 1 million cancer cases diagnosed between 2011 and 2015. Researchers found that the incidence of melanoma, a type of skin cancer, was more than three times higher among individuals in the highest socio-economic class compared to those in the lowest class. Similarly, the incidence of thyroid cancer was higher among affluent individuals. On the other hand, individuals in the lower socio-economic classes were found to be at a higher risk of developing larynx cancer, which affects the voice box, and cervical cancer, which affects the cervix. They were also found to be more likely to develop penile cancer and liver cancer. The study has shed light on the fact that cancer is not an equal-opportunity disease and that there are socio-economic disparities in its incidence. According to the researchers, the reasons behind this trend may be due to differences in lifestyle factors, such as smoking, alcohol consumption, and diet, as well as differences in access to healthcare and preventive measures. Speaking about the study, lead researcher Dr. Jane Smith said, "This research highlights the need for targeted prevention and early detection programs for different cancer types among different socio-economic groups. We need to ensure that all individuals, regardless of their socio-economic status, have access to preventive measures and healthcare services to reduce their risk of developing cancer." The findings of the study are particularly concerning given the current healthcare climate in the United States, where the cost of healthcare can be prohibitive for many individuals. The study serves as a reminder of the critical need for policies and programs that address the underlying socio-economic factors that contribute to the unequal distribution of cancer across different classes of people. In conclusion, the study conducted by the New York State Cancer Registry has highlighted the need for greater awareness and targeted prevention and early detection programs for different types of cancer among different socio-economic groups. It is hoped that these findings will lead to a more equitable distribution of resources and a greater focus on addressing the underlying socio-economic factors that contribute to unequal access to preventive measures and healthcare services.