article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 07:56 EST, 13 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:07 EST, 13 September 2013 . A high school special education teacher who is accused of sleeping with a number of male students has been seen in court for the first time since being released on bail. Summer Hansen, 31, entered a not guilty plea and asserts that she is being set up by the boys, saying that they are all working together against her. She faces accusations of having sex with five students and sending them naked pictures, thought it is unclear whether those pictures are a part of the stockpile of evidence that the prosecution plans to reveal during her trial. The married mother-of-three also dyed her hair light brown which marks a clear difference from the peroxide blonde that she sported at the time of her arrest in June. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Appearing in public: Summer Hansen, 31, arrived in court on Thursday in Riverside, California to enter a not guilty plea for the sexual abuse charges against her . New look: Hansen dyed her hair before arriving in court . The five boys involved in the case are all under 18-years-old and none of them were her students but they did attend the school where she taught, Centennial High School in Corona, California. She was accused of having sex with the various boys in her classroom, the school utility closet, her car, and in one of their homes. Her attorney says that they coordinating their stories. 'Do teenagers lie? Sure they do. Do they say something and then really believe it and move forward? Yes,' defense attorney David Cohn told local station KTLA. Support: The married mom arrived in court with a male companion . Summer Michelle Hansen, (left and right) a . special education instructor at Centennial High School, was arrested in . June on suspicion of statutory rape . 'These boys all know each other. If . they didn’t know each other and had no connection to each other, then . you would start to wonder.' Hansen . has been suspended without pay and on Thursday she was ordered to stay . away from any children with the exception of her own. 'We . don’t have any objection to the teaching part of it, but there are . family friends, relatives, things of that nature,' Mr Cohn said. Dirty: Hansen is accused of having sex with five boys in various locations including her car, her classroom, the school utility room and one of their homes. She also reportedly sent them naked pictures . The . investigation into Hansen began when a school district employee called . the police tipping them off to possible inappropriate relationships . between Hansen and students. Hansen has been charged with multiple counts of engaging in unlawful sex and oral copulation of a minor. If found guilty, she could face up to 13 years in prison.
highlights: Summer Michelle Hansen, 31, faces 16 felony counts for alleged sex crimes involving five underage boys in Corona, California . The married mother-of-three arrived in court on Thursday .
id: 14c1c981b8d9f5c87b97ab5aebae443bea97a749
chatgpt: Summer Michelle Hansen, a 31-year-old woman, appeared in court on Thursday to face 16 felony counts for alleged sex crimes involving five underage boys in Corona, California. Hansen, a married mother-of-three, wore a dark blue jail jumpsuit as she faced the charges, which included unlawful sex with a minor and oral copulation with a minor. The allegations stem from incidents that reportedly took place between April 2018 and June of this year. Hansen is accused of engaging in sexual activities with five boys under the age of 16. Some of the allegations also involve Hansen allegedly providing alcohol and drugs to the minors, in addition to performing sexual acts with them. According to prosecutors, Hansen met the boys while volunteering as a coach for a youth basketball team at a local middle school. She allegedly began sending sexually explicit text messages to one of the boys, leading to a sexual relationship that continued for several months. Hansen is also accused of committing similar acts with four other boys, some of whom she had allegedly met through the youth basketball program, and others through social media. If convicted on all charges, Hansen could face up to 14 years in state prison. She remains in custody on $1 million bail and is scheduled to appear in court again on October 6. The case has sent shockwaves through the community, many of whom were unaware of the allegations until recently. One parent of a child who attended the middle school where Hansen was a coach expressed shock and disbelief, calling the allegations "absolutely horrifying." Another parent, who asked to remain anonymous, said she had noticed Hansen's behavior around the children to be inappropriate, but had never suspected anything of this magnitude. "I always thought it was kind of weird how she would hang around the boys and have these long conversations with them," she said. "But I never would have guessed something like this was going on." The Corona Police Department is urging anyone with additional information about Hansen or the alleged crimes to come forward. "We take these allegations very seriously and want to ensure that justice is served for the victims and their families," a spokesperson for the department said. Meanwhile, Hansen's husband and three children have been left reeling from the allegations. The family has declined to comment on the case so far, but friends say they are devastated by the news. "They're just trying to keep it together and focus on getting through this," said one friend of the family. "It's an unimaginable nightmare."