article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's mother fired the lawyers helping her fight for control of her son's estate, but her new lawyer missed a key hearing where the judge gave more power to the men she is opposing. Katherine Jackson, with Michael in 2005, is challenging the appointment of Michael's estate trustees. Katherine Jackson replaced lawyers Burt Levitch and Londell McMillan with Adam Streisand, a lawyer known for his expertise in Los Angeles probate cases. "The family came to a decision before they called me," Streisand said. "They felt they needed a different perspective and fresh look at how this case was being approached." But Streisand arrived at court Thursday minutes after Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff ended a hearing in which he granted a request from estate special administrators John Branca and John McClain for more authority to make deals on behalf of Jackson's estate. "I want this estate to move forward and I want these creditors to be dealt with," Beckloff said. "And while we are proceeding in this posture, I want Mrs. Jackson to have information about what is going on and I don't want to be in court all the time." The process of probate of Jackson's will, which named Branca and McClain as executors, has been slowed since soon after the pop star's June 25 death by numerous legal challenges filed by Katherine Jackson's lawyers, led by Levitch. Howard Weitzman, lead lawyer for the estate's administrators, expressed optimism that the two sides would be able to work better toward a settlement with Streisand in charge. The estate's administrators were able to make a series of deals expected to bring in at least $100 million to the estate this year, mostly through a documentary movie that premieres next week. Katherine Jackson's legal team has asked that a member of the Jackson family "have a seat at the table" as a third executor. They've also raised questions in sealed court papers about possible conflicts of interest that might prevent Branca and McClain from controlling the estate. Streisand said the Jackson family was frustrated with the inability "to get this case going." He indicated Katherine Jackson still planned to challenge Branca and McClain's control of her son's wealth. Under the 2002 will, Michael Jackson's three children and his mother are the chief beneficiaries of his estate, while unnamed charities will share in 20 percent of the wealth. Streisand said when he met with Katherine Jackson and the children to discuss the case, they were united. He said Jackson patriarch Joe Jackson was not present at the meeting and he's never talked with him. Joe Jackson appeared frustrated earlier this month when he attended his first hearing in the probate process, suggesting the lawyers should be more aggressive in court. Streisand said the three Jackson children are doing "absolutely wonderful."
highlights: Katherine Jackson hires probate lawyer Adam Streisand . Jackson has been fighting for more control over her son's estate . Michael Jackson made John Branca and John McClain his executors . Streisand misses hearing in which executors are given more control .
id: acbb0b265e3b56c22307a1626d71aa545e4e7571
chatgpt: Katherine Jackson, the mother of the late pop icon Michael Jackson, has hired probate lawyer Adam Streisand as she fights for more control over her son's estate. The estate, managed by executors John Branca and John McClain, has been at the center of a legal battle between Jackson's heirs and the estate's administrators since the singer died in 2009. According to sources close to the Jackson family, Katherine hired Streisand after missing a recent hearing in which Branca and McClain were given more control over Michael's estate. Streisand, a well-known probate lawyer, is expected to help Katherine in her bid to gain more control over Michael's estate. Michael Jackson made Branca and McClain his executors in his will, which was written in 2002. The two men have been responsible for managing the estate since Michael's death, but Katherine and other members of the Jackson family have expressed concerns over their management of the singer's assets. Katherine has previously asked for more control over the estate, citing concerns over Branca and McClain's handling of Michael's finances. She has also accused the executors of neglecting to inform her of important financial decisions. Streisand's hiring marks a new chapter in the ongoing legal battle over Michael's estate. The lawyer is expected to provide Katherine with legal counsel as she seeks to gain more control over the singer's assets. The legal fight over Michael's estate has been ongoing since 2009, with many legal battles being fought between Jackson's heirs and the executors of his estate. The legal battles have included disputes over the validity of Michael's will, the value of his assets, and the oversight of his intellectual property. Despite the ongoing legal battles, Michael's estate has continued to generate significant revenue in the years since his death. The estate generated over $2.1 billion in revenue from 2009 to 2019, according to court documents. However, the ongoing legal battles have also caused significant strain on Michael's family. Katherine Jackson, who is now 90 years old, has been at the center of many of these legal battles, which have taken a toll on her health and well-being. As the legal battle over Michael's estate continues to unfold, many fans and observers are left wondering what the ultimate outcome will be. Will Katherine Jackson be able to gain more control over her son's estate, or will the executors retain control? Only time will tell, but one thing is certain: the legal battle over Michael Jackson's estate is far from over, and the legacy of the King of Pop continues to be hotly contested.