article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 01:53 EST, 22 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:09 EST, 23 December 2012 . A former Texas high school teacher and tennis coach allegedly had sex with a student in the back seat of his car, according to arrest records. Taylor Lee McClain, 43, of Kingwood, was arrested and also also charged with two counts of possession of child pornography, authorities said. The sexual assault occurred October 20, as McClain and two girls, ages 15 and 16, were driving from a fundraiser to a nearby ‘haunted house,’ according to court documents. On the hot seat: Taylor Lee McClain, 43, a former Texas high school teacher and tennis coach allegedly had sex with a student in the back seat of his car, according to arrest records . The two girls are students at Atascocita High School in Texas, where McCain used to work, the Houston Chronicle reports. The younger girl told investigators that during the drive, McClain and the other girl were drinking Smirnoff Ice vodka. According to the arrest warrant, the witness, who was in the back seat of the car, said she saw the other girl perform oral sex on McClain. As the three were leaving the haunted house, the younger of the two girls said she got a text message from the other girl asking if she wanted to join a sexual threesome with her and McClain. The younger girl replied no, according to records. Underage: The unnamed 16-year-old girl is a student at Atascocita High School in Texas, where McCain used to work . On the way back from the haunted house, McClain stopped the car at the entrance at West Lake Houston Parkway and Aerobic Drive, records state. He and the 16-year-old girl got into the back seat and asked the younger girl to drive. While the witness drove around the neighborhood, she said she could hear McClain and the girl having sex in the back seat, according to records. The younger girl reportedly asked McClain to adjust the steering wheel to make it easier for her to drive. He replied that it would be awkward because his pants were off, records state. The younger girl told police that she had seen the other girl sending nude photos of herself to McClain between September and November. She said it happened so many times that she was not clear on the dates, according to records. McClain, who is free on $30,000 bail, is scheduled to appear in the 337th State District Court on February 7.
highlights: Taylor Lee McClain, 43, a former Texas high school teacher and tennis coach allegedly had sex with a student in the back seat of his car . McClain of Kingwood was arrested . and also also charged with two counts of possession of child . pornography, authorities said .
id: 8873667dfa7d8fee40ad672b0f3eead096969816
chatgpt: Former Texas high school teacher and tennis coach, Taylor Lee McClain, 43, has been arrested and charged with sexual assault of a student as well as two counts of possession of child pornography. According to authorities, McClain allegedly had sexual relations with a student in the back seat of his car in Kingwood.  McClain has been a teacher and coach at various schools in the North Texas area for approximately 20 years. He has been charged with second-degree felony sexual assault of a child and could face up to 20 years in prison if convicted. Additionally, he has been charged with two third-degree felony counts of possession of child pornography.  Authorities started their investigation after receiving a tip about McClain’s alleged inappropriate relationship with a student. Evidence was found in both McClain’s vehicle and digital devices that supported the allegations of sexual assault and child pornography.  In a press release, Kingwood Police Chief Jason Bridges stated, “We take allegations of this nature very seriously, especially when concerning our children. It is our duty to protect our youth from predators and we will always do everything in our power to bring justice to victims and hold offenders accountable for their actions.” The school district where McClain was employed issued a statement saying they were “shocked and saddened” by the arrest and would fully cooperate with authorities throughout the investigation. The district also stressed their commitment to ensuring the safety and well-being of their students. Parents and community members in Kingwood are appalled at the allegations made against McClain. “It’s disgusting and unacceptable for any adult in a position of trust to take advantage of a child like that,” said one community member who wished to remain anonymous. “We need to make sure our schools are safe places for our kids to learn and grow, not places where this type of behavior is allowed to happen.” McClain is currently being held at the Harris County Jail on a $40,000 bond for the sexual assault charge and an additional $20,000 bond for the child pornography charges. It is unclear at this time if he has retained legal counsel or when his court date will be scheduled. This disturbing case is just the latest in a series of incidents involving teachers abusing their power and taking advantage of their students. Authorities are reminding parents and students to remain vigilant and report any suspicious or inappropriate behavior by teachers or school staff immediately.