article: By . Beth Stebner . PUBLISHED: . 08:41 EST, 19 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:08 EST, 19 March 2012 . A two-year-old girl has made an astonishing recovery after she was bound in duct tape and left in a cold shower until she lost consciousness. Though Alexis Salaz was initially pronounced brain dead at the hospital, she has made a remarkable recovery, surmounting both physical and mental disabilities. The child’s aunt, 50-year-old Mary Horsley, was found guilty of felony child abuse and faces between 20 to 48 years in prison when sentenced next month. Making strides: 21-month-old Alexis is making a miraculous recovery after she was declared brain dead . Guilty: Alexis' aunt Mary Horsley (left) was convicted of child endangerment; the girl's mother Samantha Salaz (right) was also convicted of the same charges . During the trial, jurors heard that the Colorado Springs woman would often put tape over her niece’s eyes and put her in the shower as punishment for any small misstep. Deputy District Attorney Debbie Pearson told the court of the torture borne by Alexis. ‘If she moved, she was dunked. If she cried, she was dunked,’ the Colorado Springs Gazette reported. Ms Pearson continued: ‘Alexis never had a break. It was constant, constant torture.’ Alexis’ mother and Horsley’s niece, 19-year-old Samantha Salaz, also pleaded guilty to child abuse resulting in serious injury, and received a 24-year prison sentence. Loving father: The girl's father Joseph Saunders (right) says that she is making strides and attends therapy five times a week . Horsley’s attorney, Ed Farry, plans to appeal. He argued that Salaz – not Horsley – was to blame for Alexis’ injuries. However, Horsley was acquitted of the most serious charge against her -attempted murder – but was convicted for abusing two of her grandchildren as well. The child’s father, Joseph Saunders, said in an email to KRDO that he was unaware he was a father until the trial; Salaz apparently told him that he had miscarried. 'If she moved, she was dunked. If she cried, she was dunked. Alexis never had a break. It was constant, constant torture.' Still, the father is grateful for her daughter, and notices improvement every day. He said: ‘Within months of living with my wife, our kids and I, she had started regaining some physical activity, and its seemed as if her brain started “turning on.”’ He added: ‘She is a true miracle.’ Alexis has a long road to recovery yet – according to Mr Saunders, she has to attend therapy five times a week, and cannot walk, talk, or eat on her own.
highlights: 21-month-old Alexis Salaz was punished by her aunt, Mary Horsley for 'moving and crying' Horsley will be sentenced to 20 to 48 years for felony child abuse .
id: 884357bea071ee5ac54b5f23094a234d311e2c50
chatgpt: An aunt in Nebraska has been sentenced to 20 to 48 years in prison for felony child abuse after punishing her 21-month-old niece, Alexis Salaz, for "moving and crying." Mary Horsley, 43, reportedly punished Alexis on July 21, 2017, by putting her in a cardboard box and then duct-taping it closed. When Alexis continued to cry and make noise, Horsley threatened to put her in a dog cage. Horsley reportedly left the toddler in the box for up to an hour. When Alexis' mother, Samantha Salaz, came to pick up her daughter, she noticed that the child had burns on her hands and feet. Horsley reportedly told Salaz that Alexis had gotten the burns from touching a heater. However, doctors who examined the child determined that the burns were not consistent with a heater burn and were instead caused by chemical burns. Horsley was initially charged with felony child abuse and intentional child abuse resulting in injury. She pleaded no contest to the charges in February 2018. At her sentencing hearing on Monday, Horsley apologized for her actions and said she was "not in the right frame of mind." She also said that she "never meant to hurt" Alexis. However, Salaz, Alexis' mother, spoke at the hearing and said that she had been "betrayed" by her sister. "My child didn't deserve what happened to her," she said. "All we asked for was the truth." The judge in the case said that Horsley had shown no remorse for her actions and had tried to deceive investigators. "The defendant's egregious behavior endangered the life and safety of a small child," the judge said. Horsley's attorney had asked for a sentence of probation, saying that Horsley had no prior criminal record and was unlikely to reoffend. However, the judge said that given the severity of the crime, prison time was appropriate. As Horsley was led out of the courtroom, Salaz called out to her: "I hope you rot in hell." Alexis is reportedly doing well after the incident and has been placed in the custody of her grandmother.