article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 08:45 EST, 29 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:09 EST, 29 March 2013 . A new virus which has claimed the life of a second Briton is potentially more deadly than Sars, scientists have warned. The mysterious coronavirus, which has emerged in the Middle East, attacks the respiratory system and was only identified six months ago. So far there have been 11 deaths - with the World Health Organisation this week saying a second British man has died. Killer: A new virus which has claimed the life of a second Briton is potentially more deadly than Sars, scientists have warned. This image shows a microscope image of coronavirus . New research has found that unlike Sars - severe acute respiratory syndrome  - the new virus affects many different organs in the body, killing cells extremely quickly. Speaking to the South China Morning Post,  microbiologist Yuen Kwok-yung,  said if the virus mutated further it could cause a deadly pandemic. 'It could be more virulent [than Sars]', he said. 'The Sars coronavirus infects very few human cell lines. But this new virus can infect many types of human cell lines, and kill cells rapidly.' Seventeen cases have been announced . since the WHO issued an alert in September last year, most of them with . links to the Middle East. This week it was announced that a 73-year-old man from the United Arab Emirates had also died from the virus. He was flown to hospital in Munich last week and died on Tuesday, the World Health Organisation said. Source: Experts believe the coronavirus originated in bats . It also confirmed a British man with a history of travel to Saudi Arabia and Pakistan had died in a British hospital. The source of coronavirus is not known, but experts believe it originated in bats. Animals which could host the virus include monkeys, pigs and even rabbits . Scientists say the new virus is from the same viral family that causes the common cold and also triggered the outbreak of Sars which swept the world from Asia in late 2003, leaving 775 dead. Symptoms of coronavirus - which doctors say spreads rapidly around the body within 48 hours of infection - include severe breathing difficulties, fever, coughing and pneumonia. It can also attack the kidneys, according to health experts. In a statement issued late on Tuesday, the WHO said it was encouraging governments to watch for all severe respiratory infections and especially for any unusual patterns they might take. For the moment, the U.N. agency said, it was not advising countries to set up any special screening for the virus at entry points and was not recommending any of the travel or trade restrictions introduced during the SARS epidemic. The first reported case of infection by the previously little-known virus was a Qatari man who had also traveled to Saudi Arabia. Earlier in 2012, a 60-year-old Saudi national was believed to have died from it.
highlights: New research shows coronavirus affects many organs and kills quickly . 'It could be more virulent than Sars' says microbiologist . Announced this week that second British man has died from virus .
id: 59be686a32e7000525985a5007fed7aee4c6961e
chatgpt: Scientists worldwide are racing to understand and combat the deadly coronavirus that has killed over 3,000 people worldwide since it was first identified in December 2019 in Wuhan, China. New research has shown that the virus can affect multiple organs and lead to rapid death. According to a microbiologist, the virus, known as COVID-19, could be "more virulent than SARS." This comes as more and more cases are confirmed worldwide, and a second man in Britain has died from the virus. The research, published in The Lancet medical journal, examined cases in Wuhan, China, where the virus first originated. The study found that patients with COVID-19 often show signs of heart damage, liver problems, and kidney failure. This news is particularly troubling as the virus's death rate is rapidly rising. In a recent report, the World Health Organization (WHO) estimated a global mortality rate of 3.4%, which is much higher than the seasonal flu. The speed at which the virus can kill is also a cause for alarm. The second man to die from COVID-19 in the UK passed away just two days after being admitted to the hospital. He is one of over 85,000 diagnosed cases worldwide. The UK's Chief Medical Officer, Chris Witty, has said that the country is "well-prepared" for the virus, but adds that the government and health services are "planning for the worst." The virus continues to spread, with confirmed cases in more than 60 countries. Many countries, including China, have imposed strict travel restrictions in an attempt to contain the virus. One of the biggest challenges facing scientists researching the virus is that it is so new, and not much is known about how it is transmitted or how it behaves. The WHO has declared the outbreak a global health emergency and is urging countries worldwide to take action to contain and control the virus. To help combat the virus, scientists are working to develop a vaccine, but research and testing take time. A vaccine will not be available for several months at the earliest. In the meantime, health officials are urging individuals to practice good hygiene by washing their hands frequently, avoiding close contact with others, and staying home when feeling sick. As the world waits for a vaccine, the virus continues to spread. The fact that it can affect many organs and lead to rapid death is causing concern among health officials. The coming weeks and months will likely be critical in the fight against COVID-19.