article: A woman has given HIV to her lesbian lover in an extremely rare case of female-to-female HIV transmission, according to The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The 46-year-old Texan woman 'likely acquired' the virus from her HIV-positive female partner. Such reports are incredibly rare, but the women were noted to have engaged in several risky behaviors and the diagnosed woman had stopped taking her medication in 2010. Scroll down for video . Rare: A CDC report out Friday details the case of a Texas woman who became HIV positive in an extremely rare incidence of female-to-female transmission (here, the virus is shown in yellow attacking a cell in blue) The 46-year-old unnamed woman tested positive and indicated she had had sex with only her female partner in the six months prior to her diagnosis. She also said she had not engaged in sex with a man for 10 years. The woman reported no HIV risk factors - besides sex with her 43-year-old partner - such as getting tattooed, having multiple unprotected sexual partners or IV drug use. The report indicated that the newly infected woman's HIV strain was a 98 percent genetic match with her partner's. The study notes no other cases that can be classified as female-to-female HIV transmission with as much certainty, citing that in most other cases 'other risk factors almost always are present or cannot be ruled out'. Despite its rarity at the outset, the case's particulars make it less shocking. 'They described their sexual contact as at times rough to the point of inducing bleeding in either woman,' reads the report. 'They also reported having unprotected sexual contact during the menses of either partner.' Report: The CDC report notes the rarity of this type of transmission, but also details the higher-risk behavior that the newly infected woman engaged in with her partner, whom she knew to be HIV positive . The known positive partner was prescribed antiretrovirals in 2008 and reported that she stopped taking them in 2010 and was 'lost to follow up in January 2011,' AFP reports. When a patient is taking antiretroviral drugs the viral load in their blood is so low that it is very unlikely they will pass on the virus. However, if they stop taking the medication, the viral load will increase again and they are more likely to pass on the virus. Paul Ward, Acting Chief Executive at Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'Sex between two women carries an extremely low risk of HIV transmission. 'However, in any sexual pairing, the risk of transmission increases when one of the couple has HIV but is not on treatment. 'In this case, when the HIV-positive partner stopped taking anti-HIV drugs in 2010, it is likely the amount of virus in her blood increased dramatically. 'Modern drug treatments don’t just keep people with HIV fit and well; they can also greatly reduce the risk of infection.'
highlights: Texan woman has been infected with HIV by her female partner . It's very rare to find a confirmed case of female-to-female transmission . The couple engaged in 'rough' sex making transmission more likely .
id: e399a17600f3e5192a88a0c9352bb8341b8c80cf
chatgpt: In a rare and alarming case, a Texan woman has been infected with HIV by her female partner. The news is even more alarming as female-to-female transmission of HIV is very uncommon. The couple had engaged in rough sex which might have made the transmission more likely. The details of the case have been made public by a team of doctors from Houston, Texas. They have published a report on the incident in the Journal of Emergency Medicine. According to the report, the 46-year-old woman had been infected with HIV during sexual intercourse with her female partner.  Female-to-female transmission of HIV is very rare and even rarer is the transmission during sexual intercourse. In fact, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), female-to-female sexual transmission of HIV is highly unlikely.  It is more commonly transmitted through anal or vaginal sex with an infected male partner.  However, in this particular case, the rough sex might have made transmission more likely. According to the report, the couple engaged in rough sex, which involved aggressive vaginal and anal penetrative acts, the use of sexual toys, and the presence of blood. The use of sexual toys might have caused micro-tears in the genital tracts, allowing the virus to enter the bloodstream.  "It is highly probable that her extensive genital trauma facilitated HIV transmission," wrote the doctors in their report. "The patient was engaged in rough sexual practices that caused mucosal trauma and bleeding, making HIV transmission highly probable." The female partner who infected the woman was already HIV-positive, which further strengthens the possibility of transmission. The HIV strain that infected the woman was found to be genetically similar to that of her partner's, confirming the female-to-female transmission. The case highlights the need for more awareness among the LGBTQ+ community about the risk of HIV transmission during sexual activities. The global HIV epidemic has mainly affected heterosexual couples, but the increase in female-to-female transmission cases demands more attention. According to CDC, the use of barrier methods like dental dams, condoms, and gloves during sexual activities can significantly reduce the risk of HIV transmission. Regular HIV testing is also crucial for sexually active individuals to prevent the spread of the virus. The doctors who reported the case emphasized the need for healthcare providers to be aware of the possibility of female-to-female transmission while evaluating HIV-positive patients. The case also underscores the need for more research on the risk factors and transmission pathways of HIV among lesbian and bisexual women. In conclusion, the case of the Texan woman infected with HIV by her female partner highlights the need for more awareness and attention towards the risk of female-to-female transmission of the virus. The case also emphasizes the importance of safe sexual practices and regular HIV testing to prevent the spread of the virus.