article: A member of the New York City Police Department has again been caught possibly using excessive force. In a video taken on Thursday evening during rush hour at the Myrtle Avenue stop in Brooklyn, an officer can be seen beating 20-year-old Donovan Lawson with his baton, eventually hitting the young man in the head. The blow to the head is so hard that it actually sprays nearby bystanders with blood. Scroll down for video . Attacked: 20-year-old Donovan Lawson (left) was attacked so badly after trying to enter the subway without paying that blood splattered from his head and all over his girlfriend (right) Excessive force: An officer hit the young man repeatedly at the Myrtle stop in Brooklyn as bystanders watched . Blood on the ground: A look at the station floor after the beating . It all happened shortly before 8pm, as many were making their way home from work, and all because Lawson attempted to get on the subway without paying the fare. Before he was hit with the baton, Lawson was also pepper sprayed. 'It was one of the most awful things I’ve ever seen,' Marielle Anas told the Daily News. 'I have blood all over my jeans. The brutality of the nightstick – it was crazy. It looked like his head exploded. I couldn’t believe I was seeing it happen.' Anas said she recorded to incident because 'the kid wasn’t doing anything.' After the beating the young man's girlfriend comforts him, getting blood all over her face and coat. Spectators can also be heard pleading with the cop as he wrestles with Lawson even after being struck in the head, screaming 'What are you doing?' Checking it out: The NYPD Internal Affairs Unit is investigating the incident . Lawson was later hospitalized for the gash on his head. He was charged with intent to defraud public transportation, resisting arrest, disorderly conduct, harassment and obstruction of governmental administration. A source within the NYPD said Lawson has no prior arrests to his name. This all happened just hours before an innocent man was killed by an officer in the stairwell of a housing project in Brooklyn. The NYPD Internal Affairs Unit is investigating both incidents.
highlights: A member of the New York City Police department was caught on film hitting a young man with a baton at the Myrtle subway stop in Brooklyn . 20-year-old Donovan Lawson had reportedly jumped the turnstile and tried to enter the subway without paying . At one point the officer hits the young man so hard in the head that blood sprays some of the bystanders . Prior to this Lawson had been sprayed with pepper spray . The NYPD Internal Affairs Unit is investigating the incident .
id: 57fc0456bcded270244c8fa7ac6813228b6f84d5
chatgpt: New York City – A video circulating on social media shows a New York City Police Department officer striking a young man with a baton at the Myrtle subway station in Brooklyn. The incident reportedly occurred after 20-year-old Donovan Lawson attempted to enter the station without paying by jumping over the turnstile. According to eyewitnesses, Lawson was sprayed with pepper spray before he was hit in the head by the officer, causing blood to spray onto nearby bystanders. The incident has prompted outrage and calls for accountability. Speaking to reporters, one witness described the incident as “horrific.” “I couldn’t believe what I was seeing,” the witness said. “The police officer hit the young man so hard that blood went everywhere.” The NYPD Internal Affairs Unit has launched an investigation into the incident, which has raised concerns about police brutality and excessive use of force. In a statement, the NYPD said it takes all allegations of misconduct by officers seriously and that the incident is being fully investigated. Lawson, who sustained injuries from the altercation, was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. He has since been released from the hospital and is reportedly in stable condition. The incident comes amid increased scrutiny of police conduct and use of force following the high-profile deaths of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor, among others. Critics say that incidents like this highlight the need for systemic changes in the way that law enforcement operates in the United States. “This is just the latest example of the disturbing pattern of police violence that we’ve seen across the country,” said civil rights activist and attorney Ben Crump. “It’s time for law enforcement agencies to take real action to address these issues and restore trust in the communities they serve.” As the investigation into the incident continues, many are calling for the officer involved to be held accountable for his actions. Others are calling for broader reforms to policing in order to prevent incidents like this from happening in the future.