article: By . Kieran Corcoran . PUBLISHED: . 10:05 EST, 2 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:11 EST, 2 March 2014 . Football star Wayne Rooney has splashed out on Botox treatment after signing a new £300,000-a-week contract, it has been claimed. Plastic surgeons speculated that the Manchester United striker, 28, who has previously had cosmetic surgery to replace his thinning hair, underwent treatment which has prompted a striking change in his appearance. Mr Rooney has appeared in recent television interview with a remarkably smooth forehead, while only a few months ago he had a much more wrinkled brow. Disappearing lines: Wayne Rooney seemed smooth-faced in a recent interview, left, despite his more furrowed appearance in October . Leading surgeons have claimed that the dramatic change in Mr Rooney's appearance between the images in October and his appearance now is 'consistent' with using the controversial treatment. However, a spokesman for Mr Rooney strongly denied the claims. If the claims turn out to be true, Mr Rooney would join male celebrities including music mogul Simon Cowell and Celebrity Big Brother winner Rylan Clark in championing the skin-smoothing product. On the pitch: Mr Rooney is pictured above playing Greek team Olympiacos in the Champions League last week . New contract: The striker has recently signed a £300,000-a-week contract with Manchester United . Taimur Shoaib, of La . Belle Forme clinic in Glasgow, told the Sunday People: 'He's got a nice . youthful, smooth appearance. With his newly-inflated salary, the cost of Botox, the trade name for Botulinum toxin, is unlikely to worry Mr Rooney. With Harley Street clinics offering treatments for £200 a time, just one week's pay could buy 1,500 treatments. The chemical decreases muscle activity in the area it is injected. It effectively paralyses the muscles, which reduces the appearance of wrinkles. Injections tend to be effective for between three and six months. Botox has some non-cosmetic uses, and is used to treat migraines and treat excessive sweating. 'His forehead looks very good. The changes . we see would be consistent with someone having Botox.' Meanwhile . James McDiarmid, from the McDiarmid Hall Cosmetic Surgery Clinic in . Cheltenham, Glocuestershire, said: 'In my opinion he has had Botox to . his frontalis muscles.' Mr Rooney's first cosmetic procedure - the hair transplant, was carried out in 2011. Days after having the operation he tweeted to confirm the £30,000 operation. He said: 'Just to confirm to all my followers I have had a hair transplant. I was going bald at 25, why not? I'm delighted with the result.' The father-of-two had a follicular transfer in which hairs are moved from donor areas – usually at the back of the head – and then replanted in bald areas. He had previously written about his hair loss in his autobiography. He admitted staring at himself in the mirror and thinking: 'Bloody hell, you're going bald and you're only a young lad.' Mr Rooney's publicists today strongly refuted the Botox claims, telling the MailOnline they are 'total rubbish.'
highlights: Manchester Utd striker, 28, had smooth forehead in recent TV appearance . Months before he could be seen in similar situation with deep wrinkles . Plastic surgeons say the change is 'consistent' with using Botox . However his publicists have strongly denied the claims . Mr Rooney has previously spent £30,000 on treatment to his thinning hair .
id: d7a1037a782a2f0e9ebe974b98330023c5088fb9
chatgpt: Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney, 28, sparked speculation that he has undergone Botox treatments after appearing on television with an unusually smooth forehead. In contrast to a few months before, where he was pictured with deep wrinkles. Plastic surgeons have reportedly confirmed that the change in the footballer's appearance is "consistent" with the use of Botox injections. However, Mr. Rooney's publicists have strongly denied the claims, saying that the change is merely a result of a healthy lifestyle and strict skincare routine. Nonetheless, the Botox rumors are not the first time Mr. Rooney's looks have made headlines. The striker has previously spent £30,000 on hair transplant surgeries to combat his thinning hairline. Despite the public denials, many fans have taken to social media to speculate about the extent of the player's cosmetic treatments. Botox injections are a popular cosmetic procedure among men and women in the UK, and some estimates suggest that up to 90% of footballers may have undergone some form of cosmetic treatment. However, it is rare for such treatments to be publicly acknowledged or discussed, with many players preferring to keep their appearance under wraps. Mr. Rooney's apparent use of Botox has sparked debate about the role of cosmetic treatments in the sporting world. Some argue that players should be free to do whatever they want to improve their appearance, just as they are free to pursue rigorous training regimes and diets to improve their physical performance. Others, however, question whether the use of cosmetic treatments is consistent with sporting values and whether the pursuit of physical perfection may be taken too far. Some argue that there should be greater transparency about the use of cosmetic treatments in sport, to prevent any advantage or disadvantage being gained unfairly. Regardless of the wider debate, Mr. Rooney's appearance has certainly piqued public interest, with many fans eager to know more about his potential Botox use. While the footballer himself has not commented on the rumors, his publicists have maintained that their client's healthy lifestyle and skincare routine are responsible for his youthful looks. Whether or not Mr. Rooney has undergone Botox treatments remains to be seen, but his appearance is certainly attracting attention both on and off the field. As long as cosmetic treatments continue to be a popular choice for those seeking to enhance their appearance, the role of such procedures in the sporting world is likely to remain a topic of debate and discussion.