article: By . Martin Robinson . Police are investigating after the mother of a teenager killed with two friend in a car that crashed into a wall received hate mail telling her to 'get a life'. Josh Stewart, 16, died along with David Armstrong, 15, and Jenna Barbour, 17, in Tyninghame near Edinburgh last November. Susan Stewart 49, has been fundraising for a memorial since the incident but has received a letter telling her she lacked 'dignity' at her refusal to let her son's death go. Threats: Susan Stewart with her son Josh, 16, who died last year, and has since had hate mail telling her to 'get over it' after she started fundraising for a memorial . The note was pushed through her door addressed to 'fat b****' and called her 'self centred' for seeking 'poor taste publicity' in her bid to raise funds. The letter went on to say: 'We also notice that your husband is never mentioned in your interviews. 'Someone said you have split up - no wonder how could any man live with such as self-centred woman. 'Maybe you can now draw a line over the whole incident and Get A Life.' The words 'Get A Life,' were underlined at the bottom of the note, which also claimed that 'loads of people share this opinion.' Much loved: Josh's family and friends have been left heartbroken over his death and said the letter has made their pain worse . Tragedy: David Armstrong and Jenna Barbour also lost their lives in the car crash last year . Scene: Last number the car they were in crashed into this wall near Edinburgh. Another teenager is going on trial over the deaths . Mrs Stewart said: 'I am absolutely shocked that someone could think I enjoy all the publicity since Josh passed away. 'If I had my way I would never be in the papers, but I am trying to raise cash for various tributes to my son and his two friends. 'It is only little things like a tribute bench and a memorial at the crash site, but the mean so much to me and, from what I have been told, also to the local community. 'I don't think I have acted in an undignified manner at all, but some people are just evil with nothing else to do but have a go at others. 'I don't really know what I've done to upset this person, but I feel I have been through enough over the past few months without having to deal with this kind of thing.' Police Scotland confirmed that they have received a complaint regarding the letter and said that 'enquiries are at an early stage.' Sixteen-year-old Robbie Gemmell, from Dunbar, East Lothian, is due to stand trial after he was charged with causing death by driving while unlicensed, disqualified or uninsured, and causing death by careless or inconsiderate driving. He was also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
highlights: Josh Stewart, 16, died with David Armstrong, 15, and Jenna Barbour, 17, . His mother Susan has been fundraising for a memorial after death last year . She has received a letter through her door telling her to 'get over it'
id: b8bfc305b2a36b074bc5133e655ed54cc9b5f062
chatgpt: A grieving mother has been left heartbroken by a cruel and hurtful letter which she received in the post. Susan Stewart, who lost her 16-year-old son Josh in a tragic accident last year, has been fundraising for a memorial to commemorate his life along with two other teenagers, David Armstrong and Jenna Barbour, who also lost their lives in the same incident. However, the letter she was sent stated that she should 'get over it', causing her immense distress and upset. Josh Stewart, David Armstrong, and Jenna Barbour passed away during a kayaking accident last year. All three teenagers were just starting their lives, full of potential and looking forward to a bright future. Their passing shocked the local community, and many have come together to support the families of the victims in various ways. Susan Stewart has been working hard to fundraise for a memorial to her son and his two friends so that they can be remembered in a permanent and meaningful way. However, the recent letter has left her feeling hurt and alone. "It's hard enough losing a child, without people making it worse," Susan said. "I know I need to try and move on, but it's not something you can just do overnight. We want to create something lasting for Josh, David and Jenna, so that people can remember them for many years to come. This letter was just cruel and unnecessary." The letter has sparked outrage in the local community, with many people expressing their anger and disgust at the anonymous sender. Friends and supporters of the families have rallied around to offer their support and comfort to Susan in her time of need. "We're all behind you, Susan," commented one local resident. "Don't let this letter get you down. You're doing something incredibly special for Josh, David and Jenna, and we're all so proud of you." The fundraising efforts for the memorial are ongoing, and the community has come together to raise thousands of pounds to support the project. Plans are underway for a permanent memorial, which will be a lasting tribute to the three teenagers and their lives. As well as the fundraising efforts, the families of the victims have also been campaigning for greater safety measures to be put in place for water sports in the local area. They want to ensure that no other families have to go through the heartbreak that they have experienced. "For us, it's not just about the memorial," Susan added. "We want to make sure that lessons are learned from what happened to Josh, David and Jenna. We want to make sure that no other families have to go through what we have gone through." The local police are investigating the letter and have appealed to anyone with information to come forward. They have stressed that hate mail or abusive messages are not acceptable and urged the public to show kindness and compassion during times of grief. The community in this region is known for coming together in times of need, and this situation is no different. Friends, neighbours and businesses have all rallied around the families of the victims to offer their support and help them get through this difficult time. With the fundraising efforts and the planned memorial, the community hopes to create a permanent legacy for Josh, David, and Jenna that will stand the test of time.