article: A grief-stricken couple have been banned from installing a plaque in memory of their daughter - after a council said such tributes were 'too depressing' to read. Tony and Julie Fuller, of Sunbury in Surrey planted a tree in Cedars Park after their only daughter Samantha died on Christmas Eve, aged 28. They wanted to place a plaque with the tree but were left devastated after being told that Spelthorne Borough Council will no longer permit memorial plaques - because 'lots' of people had complained that they were depressing. Tony and Julie Fuller have planted a tree in Cedars Park, pictured, after their only daughter Samantha died on Christmas Eve, aged 28. But the local council has barred them from putting up a memorial plaque . Mr Fuller said: ‘Sam was our only daughter. She meant the world to me and she probably meant more to her mother. ‘You can’t even describe the idea of losing a child. You have to love them completely and make sure you hug them every day. ‘I rang to ask if we could have a tree and how we could go about it. ‘But we were told we couldn’t have a plaque as the council is no longer allowing them. 'I can’t see the harm in it, considering all the other plaques there are on trees and benches. 'I just don’t believe it. I don’t believe people can be so unhappy at seeing memorials. Samantha had contracted Wegener’s granulomatosis, a condition where the immune system attacks itself. The family wanted to create a lasting memory to her. But Jackie Taylor, head of Streetscene at the council, said: 'As a result of lots of complaints that we had, we decided we would stop allowing memorial plaques to remember people. 'At the end of the day our parks and open spaces are to be used by everybody and people don’t like that around every bench or tree there was another plaque remembering somebody who died. 'We don’t have an issue with somebody planting a tree but it doesn’t have to be there with a plaque. 'The trees are there for the people to remember for themselves and we have done the same now with memorial plaques on benches.'
highlights: Council rejects Tony and Julie Fuller's bid for plaque in memory of daughter . The pair had planted a tree in Cedars Park in her memory in Sunbury, Surrey . Spelthorne Borough Council say memorial plaques 'too depressing' to read . Couple's daughter, Samantha, died aged 28 from an immune system illness .
id: 0302d8561d578ea5ea2d14a446703d4ad4708ba5
chatgpt: Sunbury, Surrey - The Spelthorne Borough Council has rejected the bid made by Tony and Julie Fuller for a memorial plaque in memory of their late daughter, Samantha. The council refused the request, stating that memorial plaques tend to be too depressing for people to read. Samantha, who was only 28 years old, passed away due to an immune system illness. Her parents decided to plant a tree in Cedars Park in memory of their daughter. As a tribute to Samantha, the Fullers also wanted to put up a memorial plaque in the same area. However, their request was turned down by the council. The Fullers were devastated by the decision and expressed their disappointment with the council's lack of empathy. In an interview with local reporters, Julie Fuller said, "We were shocked and heartbroken when we heard the news. We just want to honor our daughter's memory and give something back to the community. It's a shame the council didn't see it that way." Many people from the community have come forward to express their support for the Fullers. They believe that the council's decision was unfair and insensitive. The Fullers had hoped to put up a memorial plaque in a peaceful spot, which would help them remember their daughter and create a space for others to reflect and think. A spokesperson for Spelthorne Borough Council defended the decision by saying that it was made in the best interest of the public. The council believes that memorial plaques tend to be too upsetting for people visiting the park and that they would prefer a more positive outlook. While many people agree that Cedars Park is a serene spot, there are those who believe that the council is missing an opportunity to show empathy to grieving families in the area. The Fullers and the community have called for the council to reconsider their decision and think of ways to support families who are dealing with loss. In conclusion, the Fullers' request for a memorial plaque in memory of their daughter has been turned down by the Spelthorne Borough Council. While the council cites reasons for their decision, many residents and the Fullers believe that the council has missed an opportunity to show empathy towards grieving families. The Fullers will continue to honor their daughter's memory through the tree they planted in Cedars Park.