article: By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 13:31 EST, 16 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:31 EST, 16 March 2013 . Sri Lankan authorities have denied a British tourist entry because of his 'disrespect' for Buddhism on arrival at the airport. An immigration official at Colombo's international airport said that when the unnamed tourist was asked about a Buddha tattoo on his arm on Friday he had spoken 'very disrespectfully' about Buddhism. 'If he expressed such views after entering the country, it would have been a threat to his own safety,' an immigration official at Bandaranaike International Airport told local newspaper Lankadeepa Sinhalese. Religious insult: Sri Lankan officials turned a British tourist away from the country at the Bandaranaike International Airport on Friday . Respect for Buddhism: Buddha is worshiped by the majority of Sinhalese people in Sri Lanka . Sri Lanka, a mainly Buddhist nation, is highly sensitive to perceived insults to the religion and there have been a number of incidents with tourist indiscretions recently . In February a tourist from Netherlands was arrested by police in Kandy, central Sri Lanka, for having a large tattoo of Buddha prominently on her back, Gossip Lanka News reported. She was fined and released after saying that she had not intended to cause offence. Last year three French tourists were given suspended prison sentences for taking photographs in which they pretended to kiss a statue of Buddha at a temple. The American rapper Akon also realised the offence he had caused when he was refused a visa in 2010 after protests over one of his music videos in which scantily-clad women danced in front of a Buddha statie. Tourist hub: Sri Lanka, an island near India, is popular with British holidaymakers . More than 100,000 British citizens visited Sri Lanka in last year, accounting for 10% of the total number of tourists. The UK is also the country's second-largest trading partner after India. Sri Lanka is not the only country trying to impress upon tourists how offensive they find westerners getting Buddha tattoos as a fashion statement. Thai ministers have also said they will discourage tattoo parlours in Thailand from giving tourists the Buddha tattoos they ask for.
highlights: British tourist with Buddha tattoo barred for 'disrespect' to Buddhism . Official said his views would have been 'a threat to his own safety' Last month Dutch tourist fined for having prominent Buddha tattoo .
id: f651e637acb9c1727265d6495d7e271564131d2e
chatgpt: A British tourist was stopped from entering Sri Lanka due to his Buddha tattoo, as he was deemed to have shown disrespect towards Buddhism. Sri Lanka is a country with a high Buddhist population, and the government has strict rules against any actions that can be interpreted as an insult to Buddhism or show disrespect to the religion. Last month, a Dutch tourist was fined for displaying a Buddha tattoo on his arm, which was visible in public. The British tourist was supposed to travel to Sri Lanka for a short vacation. However, his plans were disrupted when he was barred from entering the country. Along with his Buddha tattoo, the authorities also found him to have views that could be deemed as threatening to his own safety. The concerns of the authorities arose from the fact that there have been a number of incidents in Sri Lanka where foreigners have disrespected the Buddhist culture - leading to protest and unrest. In the recent past, there have been several cases where tourists have been harassed or mistreated for showing disrespect to Buddhism. In such cases, the police and government officials have come down hard on the offenders to send a strong message to others. Consequently, the government has been taking a hardline approach on issues concerning the protection and promotion of Buddhist culture in the country. Following the incident, authorities have stated that those who have tattoos of Buddha or any other religious figures may not be able to enter the country. This move came in response to recent incidents where tourists were seen displaying tattoos of Buddha, which many Sri Lankans considered as a sign of disrespect. Buddha tattoos are a particularly sensitive topic in the country as the statue and images of Buddha are considered sacred and are kept in places of worship.  In conclusion, tourists intending to travel to Sri Lanka would be wise to heed the warnings and respect the country's cultural norms. Those who do not risk facing consequences such as being stranded at the airport, denied entry or even face more severe penalties like fines or imprisonment. The government of Sri Lanka is making a concerted effort to protect Buddhism and its culture, and tourists would be well-served to remain respectful and sensitive to the country's laws and customs.