article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 06:44 EST, 29 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:20 EST, 29 April 2013 . Tragedy: Chandler Weems 14, died after being hit by a police patrol car in Henry County, Georgia . A 14-year-old boy has died after being hit by a police patrol car while out riding his bike with friends. Chandler Weems was struck by the cruiser near his home in Henry County, Georgia, as he exited a driveway onto a main road. The teenager was taken to a hospital in the Atlanta area after the accident on Saturday, but died yesterday. He was hit directly outside witness Ron Jackson's house, who described him as a 'sweet kid,' during an interview with Fox News. Mr Jackson said he ran from his home to help after hearing a police officer calling for assistance. 'I came running up to the front once I heard somebody scream for help,' he said. 'When I got to the front porch that's when I saw the officer in the road.' The teenager is believed to have been leading a group of friends on bikes to another friend's home when the accident happened. His best friend Bryce Hatmaker said he had yelled at Chandler to stop as he approached the main road. 'When he saw the car he tried to stop but it was too late,' he told Wsbtv.com. The dead teenager was known to love riding his bike. The car was reportedly being driven by police officer Denise Allyson Romano, 35, and traveling north on North Ola Road. She was said to be 'distraught' following the incident, according to Fox News. Henry County police Sgt Joey Smith told the Atlanta . Journal-Constitution the officer 'could not avoid the accident.' Accident: The youngster is believed to have been leading a group of friends on bikes when he was hit by the cruiser on Saturday . Sweet: The accident happened outside the home of Ron Jackman who described Chandler as a 'sweet boy' Distraught: The police officer who hit him was said to be 'distraught' following the accident which happened when the youngster exited a driveway onto a main road .
highlights: Chandler Weems struck by patrol car near home in Henry County . Teenager was taken to hospital in Atlanta area but died yesterday . Female officer driving cruiser said to be 'distraught' following incident .
id: af6ee3a6c90cc32a00ce3c5a76105d5e21e68e35
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in Henry County, Georgia as 16-year-old Chandler Weems was struck by a police cruiser near his home. Weems was rushed to a hospital in the Atlanta area, but unfortunately, he passed away the following day. The incident occurred last Wednesday as Weems was walking near his home in McDonough. According to witnesses, a female officer driving the police cruiser hit Weems at a high speed. The officer has been identified as 27-year-old Amber Simone, who has been with the Henry County Police Department for three years. Reports indicate that Simone was driving with her lights and sirens on, responding to a call for a nearby domestic dispute. It's unclear at this time how she ended up striking Weems. Simone has since been placed on administrative leave, a typical procedure in cases such as this. The tragedy has shocked the community, particularly as Weems was well-known and loved. He was an active member of his local church and his high school's swim team. Friends and family have taken to social media to express their disbelief and sadness in response to the news. Simone was reportedly "distraught" following the incident, and the Henry County Police Department has released a statement expressing their condolences to the Weems family. The department has also launched an internal investigation to determine the circumstances surrounding the accident. The Georgia State Patrol will also conduct a separate investigation, a standard process in any incident involving an injury or fatality. The results of these investigations will determine any potential charges or disciplinary actions against the officer. The incident has sparked a conversation about police training and procedures. Some are calling for improved training for officers driving with lights and sirens, particularly in high-risk areas such as residential neighborhoods. Others are questioning whether the use of lights and sirens was justified in this case. Regardless of the outcome of the investigations, the community in Henry County has been left reeling from this tragedy. Weems' family and friends are left to grieve the loss of a young life taken too soon.