article: An elderly couple fear their £210,000 bungalow could be swallowed up after a giant sink hole appeared in their front garden. Great-grandparents David Mason, 77, and his wife Sylvia, 75, first spotted a small hole by the kerb outside their home on December 30 but thought it was caused by a lorry. But the hole expanded at a 'staggering' speed and now measures 16ft by 12ft and is only a few feet away from their front door. David Mason, 77, surveys the hole that has appeared in front of his home in Cottingham, Northamptonshire . The 3ft-deep crater was first caused by a burst water main but heavy rain meant it grew even further . Mr Mason fears the sinkhole could swallow up his home - he moved in to the property three years ago . The 3ft-deep crater was first caused by a burst water main but heavy rain meant it grew even further. The couple, who have two grown-up daughters, four grandchildren and one great-granddaughter, now fear they may have to leave the bungalow they purchased three and a half years ago. Mr Mason, who lives at the property in Cottingham, Northamptonshire, said today: 'I am genuinely concerned about the safety of our property because the hole is creeping nearer our front door almost by the hour. 'My wife is disabled after having a stroke a few years ago and this is causing more worry for her because if we have to get out we don't know where we'll go. 'The speed of it happening has been quite staggering.' Mr Mason, who ran a motorcycle repair business before he retired, added: 'It got progressively worse, so I got the police out and they put a temporary barrier around it. 'They must have contacted someone because later that night someone came out to put a more permanent enclosure around the hole. 'It was amazing how rapidly it escalated. We just sat and watched it happen in front of our eyes.' Mr Mason said it was 'staggering' and 'amazing' how rapidly the sink hole escalated outside his home . The retired great-grandparents fear they may have to leave their bungalow because of the sinkhole . The initial burst water main was fixed by Anglia Water, but an assessor came to inspect the hole and found another leak. Mr Mason said: 'We have not contacted the insurers yet because we need to know exactly how bad the situation is going to get. 'Hopefully the hole will stop getting any bigger but it's a worrying time.'
highlights: David Mason, 77, and wife Sylvia, 75, spotted hole outside home last week . It expanded at 'staggering' speed and now measures 16 feet by 12 feet . The great-grandparents now fear they will have to move from their home .
id: cd3599ed18eaa47bc9c7f5fd64730ec755d20001
chatgpt: An elderly couple from Suffolk, England, are facing a harrowing situation as a mysterious sinkhole has expanded at an alarming rate outside their home. David Mason, 77, and his wife Sylvia, 75, first spotted the hole last week and were surprised to see the extent of the damage it caused in just a few days. They have been left devastated and are now fearing that they may have to move out of their home. According to Mr. Mason, the hole began as a small depression in the ground, but it rapidly expanded to an impressive 16 feet by 12 feet. The frightening speed at which the sinkhole grew has left the great-grandparents in shock, wondering what to do next. They have already contacted the local authorities, but little has been done to help them. "It's an absolute nightmare," said Mrs. Mason. "We've lived here for over 40 years, but we're now uncertain about our future. It's an enormous hole, and we're not sure what's going to happen next." The couple has been warned that the sinkhole may yet expand even further and that their home could be at risk of collapsing. They say they are desperately waiting for help from the council, but little has been forthcoming. They have also contacted insurers, but they were told that damage caused by sinkholes was not covered by their policy. The situation has left the Masons feeling abandoned and isolated, facing an uncertain future. They say they have already spent thousands of pounds trying to fill the hole with sand and concrete, but the job seems impossible. "We feel like we're just at the end of the road," said Mr. Mason. "We don't know what's going to happen, and it feels like we're on our own. It's a really scary situation." The danger posed by sinkholes is a growing concern in many parts of the world. Rising temperatures, changing weather patterns, and human activity are all contributing factors to their formation. These depressions in the ground can appear suddenly, causing widespread damage and even fatalities. In the case of the Masons, the sinkhole has caused significant damage, bringing with it financial and emotional strains. They have been advised to leave their home, but the couple remains hopeful that a solution can be found. In the meantime, they are anxiously keeping watch as the sinkhole continues to expand at a staggering rate. "We're just hoping and praying that someone can come and help us," said Mrs. Mason. "We don't want to lose everything we have."