article: (CNN) -- Two Irish Republican Army dissidents were found guilty Friday of murdering a police officer in a killing that shocked Northern Ireland three years ago. Catholic constable Stephen Carroll, 48, was shot dead when paramilitaries used an emergency call to lure police into an ambush in Craigavon, County Armagh, in March 2009. The Continuity IRA admitted it set up the attack, which took place just 48 hours after two British soldiers were killed by another splinter group, the Real IRA, in an ambush outside an army base in Antrim, Northern Ireland. The killings led to ex-IRA commander Martin McGuinness describing dissidents as "traitors to Ireland" -- a comment that led to his life being threatened by groups that contain old comrades. McGuinness is now deputy first minister in Northern Ireland's power-sharing government and, along with the mainstream IRA, has renounced violence. One of those found guilty Friday of the police officer's murder -- Brendan McConville, 40 -- was formerly an elected public representative of the Sinn Fein party led by McGuinness and Gerry Adams. The other man convicted -- John Paul Wootton, 20 -- was just 17 at the time of Carroll's killing. Both men are from the district where the gun attack took place. The accused chose not to take the stand to defend themselves, but through their lawyers maintained their innocence throughout the nine-week trial at Belfast Crown Court. However, Friday, the judge, Lord Justice Paul Girvan, said forensic and witness evidence proved the men were "intimately involved" in the killing. The judge added that both defendants were "active and committed supporters of a republican campaign of violence." Girvan branded the killing "callous and cowardly" and said Carroll was shot dead simply because he was a police officer. The judge said the two murderers deserved life in prison. The minimum amount of time they must serve before being considered for release from prison will be set at a future hearing. Constable Carroll's widow, Kate, embraced her son when the guilty verdicts were delivered. Wootton's mother had in February pleaded guilty to obstructing the investigation into the killing. Sharon Wootton, 39, admitted moving computer equipment from her home to another address after police raids on the house. Carroll was the first member of the Police Service of Northern Ireland to be murdered on duty. The force was called the Royal Ulster Constabulary before a reorganization in 2001. Over 300 members of the constabulary were killed and almost 9,000 were injured during the Northern Ireland conflict between pro-British and pro-Irish forces. IRA splinter groups have remained active since the signing of the Good Friday peace agreement in 1998.
highlights: IRA dissidents Brendan McConville, 40, and John Paul Wootton, 20, are found guilty . Catholic constable Stephen Carroll, 48, was shot dead in 2009 . The judge says evidence proved the men were "intimately involved" in the killing .
id: dd3852362d35a38620731376d4d7129c0e575b40
chatgpt: Brendan McConville, 40, and 20-year-old John Paul Wootton, both members of the dissident republican group Irish Republican Army (IRA) have been found guilty of the murder of Catholic constable Stephen Carroll in Northern Ireland in 2009. Constable Carroll was shot dead while responding to a fake emergency call in Craigavon in the North of Ireland. The two men were found guilty on the basis of their DNA evidence that was found on a burned-out car that was used during the attack. During the trial, the prosecution argued that McConville and Wootton were “intimately involved” in the killing and that they were both members of the Continuity IRA, a group linked to the mainstream IRA. The defense argued that the evidence was circumstantial and not enough to prove their involvement. The verdict was delivered at the Belfast Crown Court, where the presiding judge, Lord Justice Girvan, said that the evidence presented in the court had proved beyond reasonable doubt that the men were involved in the killing. Girvan said that the attack was a “murderous ambush” and described the killing as an “act of terrorism.” “This was a cowardly and brutal murder committed by two people who took a conscious decision to kill a police officer,” Girvan said. “The case against these two men was overwhelming, and the verdict reached was justified.” The trial lasted for six weeks, and several witnesses were called to testify in the court. The victim’s widow, Kate Carroll, expressed her relief and satisfaction at the verdict. “Although nothing can bring Stephen back, we feel that justice has been done today,” she said. “We have been waiting for this day for over two years, and we are relieved that it has finally arrived.” The Northern Ireland Policing Board also welcomed the verdict, describing it as ‘a significant development in the pursuit of justice’ for Constable Carroll’s family, friends, and colleagues. Meanwhile, the two men are set to be sentenced on a later date. The conviction of McConville and Wootton has once again shone a spotlight on the ongoing threat posed by dissident republicans in Northern Ireland, despite the progress made since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998. The murder of Constable Carroll was one of the worst incidents of violence to hit Northern Ireland in recent years, and the verdict has brought some measure of closure to his family, friends, and colleagues.