article: Wayne Rooney insists he does not care what his critics think and is focused only on helping England do well at the World Cup. The Manchester United striker has come in for criticism of late, with some believing that he does not warrant a starting place in Roy Hodgson's side. Rooney, however, brushed off his detractors at a press conference in Rio de Janeiro, three days before the Three Lions kick off their World Cup campaign against Italy in Manaus. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Rooney: I don't care what anyone says, I'm ready for World Cup . Focused: Wayne Rooney says he is ready to lead England's attack at the World Cup . Fighting fit: Rooney looks in good shape at England training as he jogs alongside his team-mates . Water break: England players have been taking on plenty of fluids in the heat of Rio . He said: 'I don't care what anyone says. I'm ready for this World Cup. I am focused. 'Of course there's competition for places - there always is (when) you're playing for your country and I'm ready for that. 'I'm not worried about anything, the manager has got a job to do and pick the team and whoever he picks I'll respect that and do my best to help the team.' On the ball: Rooney says he is sharp and eager to prove the doubters wrong in Brazil . On my head: The players look in good spirits as they go through their training routine . Rooney went on to reveal that he thinks England are now a better side than Italy - their conquerors at Euro 2012. When asked whether or not England had moved ahead of Italy since the quarter-final penalty shootout exit in Kiev two years ago, the 28-year-old said: 'I think we have. 'I think the squad we've got is a youthful squad (which has) a lot of energy and excitement and in terms of Italy it is more or less the same squad (as the one at Euro 2012). 'It will be an interesting game for us to see how we have moved on and how we have progressed in the two years (since). 'It's great to be a part of the team. It's the best squad of players I've been part of since I've been with.' Rooney also insisted that Danny Welbeck will be fit to face Italy on Saturday after the striker was considered a doubt for the game with a thigh strain. He said: 'Danny will be fine. He'll be ready for Saturday. 'He's not risked anything in training today so he'll train on Friday and he'll be available for Saturday I'm sure.' Down in the dumps: Danny Welbeck looked upset as he missed England training with a thigh strain . Tick tock: Roy Hodgson knows time is running out for him to finalise his team and tactics for the game against Italy . In doubt: Rooney's place in England's starting line-up at the World Cup has been questioned .
highlights: England striker claims he is fit and ready for action at the World Cup . Wayne Rooney's place in the England team had been questioned . Danny Welbeck should overcome injury to play against Italy on Saturday . Rooney labels current squad the best he has played with for England .
id: eff7858ca9a3f953fe5094bfe4025906da7598db
chatgpt: England striker Wayne Rooney has claimed that he is fully fit and ready for action at the World Cup. Rooney’s place in the England team had been questioned due to injury concerns in the build-up to the tournament, but the Manchester United forward has declared himself fit to play. Speaking to reporters ahead of England’s opening match against Italy on Saturday, Rooney said, “I’m ready to go. I’ve been training with the team for the past few days and I feel like I’m in good shape. I’m looking forward to the tournament and playing at the highest level.” Rooney’s fitness has been a concern for England fans in recent weeks, as the 28-year-old has struggled with injuries over the past few months. However, the striker’s recent performances in training have given manager Roy Hodgson confidence that Rooney is ready to make an impact on the tournament. Rooney’s place in the England team had also been questioned due to the emergence of young talents such as Raheem Sterling and Ross Barkley. However, Hodgson has maintained that Rooney is an integral part of his team and will play a key role in England’s campaign. “Wayne is a fantastic player and he has been a key player for us in the past,” Hodgson said. “I have no doubt that he will be a key player for us in this tournament as well.” Another player whose participation has been in doubt is Danny Welbeck. The Arsenal forward has been struggling with a knee injury, but Hodgson is hopeful that Welbeck will be fit to play against Italy. “Danny is making good progress and we are confident that he will be available for Saturday’s match,” Hodgson said. “He’s an important player for us and we’re hopeful that he will be able to play a part in the tournament.” Rooney also spoke about the current England squad, labelling it the best he has played with for England. “This is a great group of players,” Rooney said. “We have a lot of young talent and some experienced players as well. We have a good mix and I think we’re capable of doing well in this tournament.” England will face Italy in their opening match on Saturday, in what is expected to be a tough encounter. The two sides last met at Euro 2012, with Italy coming out on top in a penalty shootout. Hodgson has been working hard to prepare his team for the challenge of facing the Azzurri, and he is confident that his team can come away with a positive result. “We know that Italy are a very good team and they have some excellent players,” Hodgson said. “But we also have some excellent players, and we’re confident that we can compete at this level.” With Rooney and Welbeck potentially available for selection, England fans will be hoping that their team can make a strong start to their World Cup campaign. The pressure will be on Hodgson and his players to deliver, but they will be hoping that they can rise to the challenge and make their mark on the tournament.