article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 05:25 EST, 16 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:59 EST, 16 December 2013 . After being deaf for more than 50 years a father finally heard his daughter sing for the first time. Ken Stehle, from St. Peters, Mo., has recently been fitted with a new technology that allows him to hear the world around him. But he had never heard his daughter Ashley sing with her choir at Villa Duchesne High School until last weekend. Fresh lease on life: Ken Stehle, from St. Peters, has recently been fitted with a new technology that allows him to hear the world around him . Mr Stehle received a new hearing aid that requires him to wear a receiver around his neck. The new technology also requires Ashley to wear a special microphone, reported KSDK. Her voice is then picked up by Ken's receiver and transmitted to his hearing aid. First: The father had never heard his daughter Ashley sing with her choir at Villa Duchesne High School until last weekend . Technology: Mr Stehle received a new hearing aid that requires him to wear a receiver around his neck . The pair were not sure it would work, but tested it out at the school's Christmas concert where Ashley sang  Daddy Please Come Home For Christmas as a surprise to her father. 'He was just closing his eyes and listening to my voice,' Ashley told the news channel. 'He didn't really care if he was seeing me because he has always seen me. He wanted to hear me and that was just awesome.' There has been a surge of such clips in recent years as scientists have developed ever more ingenious ways of helping deaf people to hear. Many are given surgically implanted cochlear implants, which provide a sense of sound to people who are deaf or severely hard of hearing and are often referred to as 'bionic ears'. A video of an eight-month-old baby hearing for the first time using the electronic implant went viral, with viewers describing the moment as 'magical'. Another moving video showed 29-year-old Sarah Churman hearing fully for the first time using the implant. The American woman, who had been wearing hearing aids from the age of two but was only able to hear very quiet noises, was able to talk about it to a fascinated world.
highlights: Ken Stehle has been deaf for more than 50 years . He heard his daughter for the first time last weekend . New hearing aid requires Mr Stehle to wear a receiver around his neck .
id: db449d5ea3a77803af15769c254607ca2205ef29
chatgpt: Ken Stehle, 67, had been deaf for more than 50 years, but last weekend he heard his daughter’s voice for the very first time. Stehle had been fitted with a new hearing aid, which requires him to wear a receiver around his neck. “I can’t believe it - the sound is amazing,” Stehle said as he described the experience of hearing his daughter’s voice. “I’ve been living in a world of silence for fifty years, so this is just incredible.” Stehle has been wearing hearing aids since he was 17 years old, but he had never been able to clearly hear sounds before. However, this new hearing aid has changed all that for him. The device is designed to reduce background noise and amplify speech, which allows him to hear more clearly. According to experts, hearing loss is common among older people, but it can also affect younger people, particularly if they have been exposed to loud noises or have a genetic predisposition. In Stehle’s case, he lost his hearing due to a combination of these factors. The new hearing aid, which Stehle wears with a small earpiece, has been tested extensively and has been shown to provide excellent sound quality. The device works by transmitting sound to the ear via a Bluetooth signal, allowing the wearer to hear more clearly and without the interference of background noise. For Stehle, the ability to hear his daughter’s voice has been life-changing. “I always knew what she sounded like, but now I can really hear her,” he said. “It’s like a whole new world has opened up to me.” Stehle’s daughter, Karen, was thrilled to share this moment with her dad. “It was an emotional moment for both of us,” she said. “To see my dad finally hear my voice after all these years was just amazing.” Stehle hopes that his experience will encourage other deaf people to seek help and try new hearing technology. “I’ve spent fifty years in silence, but now I’m hearing sounds I never thought I’d be able to hear,” he said. “It’s never too late to try new things and improve your quality of life.”