article: Antonio Valencia's absence from Manchester United's squad for the New Year's Day clash against Stoke was because of a thigh strain. The Ecuador star was replaced by Rafael at half-time as Louis van Gaal's side drew 0-0 with Tottenham at White Hart Lane last Sunday. Valencia has emerged as United's first-choice right back under Van Gaal and had started the previous 10 Premier League games. Antonio Valencia was taken off at half time during the Premier League game against Tottenham last week . The extent of Valencia's thigh injury and the length of time he will be absent is not yet known . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has lost faith in Brazilian right back Rafael . The extent of the injury and the length of time Valencia will be missing is not yet known, but Van Gaal will hoping it is not serious as the Dutchman has lost faith in Brazilian right back Rafael, who was left on the bench for the clash at the Britannia. It is a position that United are prioritising in the January transfer window. The injury will irk the former Holland manager further after the 63-year-old has vented his frustration at the number of fixtures during the traditionally busy festive period. Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal speaks during a press conference on Tuesday . Ahead of the New Year's Day clash Van Gaal told Sky Sports: 'You cannot recover your body. That's my opinion, but it's also scientifically proven. I don't think you have to do that to the players.' The United boss was echoing his complaints made on Tuesday where he insisted the players' safety was being jeopardised by the quick turnaround of fixtures. 'Everybody knows that a body cannot recover within 48 hours. A frustrated Van Gaal makes a point to the fourth official during the match at White Hart Lane on Sunday . 'Therefore, there is a rule at UEFA and FIFA that you cannot play the games so close. OK, that I have said. 'That’s scientifically proven, I have said that also. Everybody knows that and in spite of that, we have to play. 'It’s the culture of England. I don’t mind but it is not good for the players, for the health of the players and what I say now is it is not good for the game because I think that the FA, but also the fans, want attractive games.'
highlights: Antonio Valencia was taken off at half time against Tottenham last week . The Ecuador international had started the previous 10 league games . The extent of Valencia's thigh injury in not yet known .
id: f272df6f3cc23d10d431f7ba755dcb1446368490
chatgpt: Manchester United's Antonio Valencia was withdrawn at half time against Tottenham Hotspur last week due to an injury that he sustained during the first half of the game. The Ecuador international had started the previous 10 league games, showcasing his importance to the side over recent weeks. Following his substitution, it was revealed that Valencia had a thigh injury, however, the extent of the injury is still unknown. The injury to Valencia has come as a major blow to Manchester United, who have been struggling with injuries to key players throughout the season. Valencia has been one of the most consistent players for the Red Devils this season, providing a solid presence both in defence and attack. It remains unclear how long Valencia will be out of action for, with the club yet to reveal the full extent of the injury. However, it is believed that the Ecuadorian will undergo further tests and scans to determine the severity of the injury. Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho will be hoping for a speedy recovery for the 33-year-old, as he looks to steer his team back into Champions League qualification contention. He will also need to make some tactical adjustments to his team in the absence of Valencia, as he seeks to plug the gap left by one of his most versatile players. Valencia's injury could also open up an opportunity for some of the younger players to stake their claim for a spot in the first team. Mourinho has shown a willingness to give his younger players a chance in recent weeks, with the likes of Diogo Dalot, Andreas Pereira and Fred all starting games in the absence of more experienced players. Manchester United’s next game will be against Brighton and Hove Albion, followed by a trip to Burnley before hosting Arsenal at Old Trafford. Valencia's absence will be felt in each of these fixtures, as Manchester United look to bounce back from their recent poor form. Despite Valencia's injury, Manchester United fans will be hoping for a positive end to the season, with Mourinho's side still in with a chance of securing a top-four finish and qualifying for next season's Champions League. The Red Devils currently sit fifth in the Premier League table, two points behind fourth-placed Chelsea with ten more games to play. In conclusion, the injury to Valencia has come as a major setback for Manchester United, as they look to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League. Valencia will be a big miss for the Red Devils, but his absence could provide an opportunity for some of the younger players to step up and prove their worth. Fans will be eagerly awaiting updates on the severity and length of Valencia's injury, however, it remains to be seen how much his absence will affect Manchester United's fortunes in the coming weeks.