article: Forget the zippy motorbikes to get the delivery of burgers and fries to arrive on your doorstep as fast as possible - McDonald's fast food giant has pulled out the big guns with flashy sports cars. A white Lamborghini and red Ferrari were parked outside the South Melbourne outlet which was one of the first suburbs to trial the home delivery service back in July. The gleaming cars attracted a lot of attention from impressed customers who were taking photos on their phones of the new high-end delivery vehicles. Scroll down for video . Will this Lamborghini get your McDonald's food to you while it's still warm? Ferrari F430 Spider has a rear mid-engine and a rear-wheel drive layout with a 4.3 liter V8 petrol burner . The extravagant delivery service comes as the global net income of the major food supplier has recorded a profit drop of 30 per cent in the last quarter ending September 30. As competition against other fast-food suppliers rises, and a food scandal in China damaging the company's reputation in Asia, McDonald's has tried to redeem themselves through a number of campaigns that promote it as a healthy, classy option. Rob Moodie, a professor of public health at the University of Melbourne told Daily Mail Australia that he believes this continues to remain far from the truth. 'One would hope these changes are because we as consumers are more discerning and demanding of healthy food, because that's the only way that we would ever receive a change in McDonald's rather than through government regulation,' Professor Moodie said. 'They are the masters of marketing, they don't come much better than Ronald McDonald for instance – he's the 21st century pied piper. Customers were impressed with the flashy sports cars at the South Melbourne outlet . The flashy display comes as the fast food giant has recorded a profit drop of 30 per cent in the last quarter ending September 30 . The global restaurant chain has tried several campaigns to boost its image . Meanwhile, 20 restaurants throughout Brisbane will join the home delivery trial during November and December. There are least seven Sydney outlets and three stores in Melbourne that have already jumped on board the online delivery service trial. Many of the items on McDonalds regular menu will be available with the delivery service, including Big Macs, french fries and healthy options like wraps and salads. Customers must order a minimum of $25 and are charged a $4.95 delivery fee. The driver putting the McDonald's home delivery in the back of the red hot ferrari . The cars were being used at the South Melbourne outlet which was one of the first suburbs to trial the home delivery service back in July . Forget zippy motorbikes - McDonald's now have flashy sports car to deliver your fast food .
highlights: Flashy sports cars are now being used for McDonald's home delivery . White Lamborghini and red Ferrari were at the South Melbourne outlet . This comes as fast food giant recorded a profit drop of 30 per cent in the last quarter ending September 30 . The global company has tried several campaigns to boost its image .
id: dff7f38222823e8dc0cf0fc48f845319b40aee64
chatgpt: Fast food giant McDonald's has come up with a unique and eye-catching way of improving its image and capitalizing on the momentum of the home delivery market. Flashy sports cars, such as white Lamborghinis and red Ferraris, are now being utilized to provide home delivery services for the world-renowned fast food chain. On a recent visit to the South Melbourne outlet of McDonald's, reporters were surprised to see the white sports cars and red sports cars - popular symbols of luxury and speed - waiting outside to pick up orders of burgers and fries. These vehicles, which are typically associated with high-end lifestyles and the fast and the furious, were seen queueing alongside traditional delivery vehicles such as multi-axle vans and scooters. This innovative approach from McDonald's comes at a time when the restaurant industry is experiencing a slow down in sales, and the global food conglomerate is no exception. The fast food franchisor reported a drop in profits of 30% in the last quarter ending September 30th, with the company now looking to boost its image and brand through various campaigns. Experts have given their views on the use of luxury sports cars for McDonald's home delivery. Some have called it a creative and effective way of targeting younger, affluent consumers who enjoy an element of exclusivity in their dining habits. Others have criticised the move, calling it a frivolous and unnecessary expenditure that serves no purpose other than providing a gimmick. Despite the differing opinions, it's clear that McDonald's is doing its utmost to capture the attention of a populace that is spending more and more time in front of screens and less time visiting fast food restaurants. This shift in customer behavior has seen the rise of home delivery services like Deliveroo, which is now valued at over 2 billion dollars. In an attempt to keep up with the trend and to make fast food delivery more exciting, McDonald's is preparing to launch an animated short film that features a white Lamborghini and red Ferrari racing through the streets to deliver burgers to customers' doorsteps. This is part of a larger marketing campaign that aims to put the fast food giant back on the map after a series of negative stories and a prolonged slump in profits. The new campaign, which will roll out across social media, television and other advertising channels, also features a series of behind-the-scenes clips of the sports car delivery service in action. This is likely to put pressure on rival food chains like KFC and Burger King, who are already feeling the pinch of declining profits and changing customer preferences. Overall, McDonald's latest move is likely to be viewed as a publicity stunt by some, and a clever piece of marketing by others. The company will no doubt be hoping that by adapting its service to the changing times and investing in new and exciting ways of delivering fast food to consumers, it can reinvigorate its brand and raise its profits.