article: By . Amanda Williams . The mother of a toddler with cerebral palsy was forced to sit on the floor of a bus as she held on to her brain-damaged son when elderly passengers refused to give up their seats in the disabled area. Alisha Frost, 24, was left in tears as she held on to her two-year-old son Jack's pushchair on the Stagecoach bus X4 service from Cardiff to Merthyr. She claims that when she boarded the bus, the pull-down disabled seats were all taken by passengers in their 60s and 70s. But she said when she asked the driver if he could ask them to move so she could park her son's pushchair, he refused. Scroll down for video . Alisha Frost (with her disabled son Jack) who was forced to sit on the floor of a bus when other passengers refused to move from the disabled area . Then when she approached the passengers herself, they too refused to help her, she claims. Miss Frost said she had been on the bus home to Pontypridd, after a rare shopping trip with her son who has brain damage and cerebral palsy. She said: 'They told me they didn't have to move for me and told me to just fold the buggy up and sit my son on my knee. Ms Frost, 24, was left in tears as she held on to her two-year-old son's chair. She claims that when she boarded the X4 bus, the pull-down disabled seats were all taken by passengers in their 60s and 70s (stock image) Ms Frost said her son, who has brain damage and cerebral palsy, cannot come out of his chair on journeys as he needs the support his chair provides . 'I explained that I couldn't do this as my son is disabled and he needs the correct support or he flings himself forwards.' Jack cannot sit on his mother's lap as he needs the support of harnesses in his buggy. She said the driver eventually intervened, but she was still forced to sit on the floor and hold on to her son's pushchair tightly as she did not have enough room to put the brake on. She said she left the bus in tears after no one helped her. She said: 'I'm furious about the whole situation and have been so upset since - it's just wrong that we were treated in this way.' A spokesman for Stagecoach in South Wales said they were investigating the incident. 'All of our drivers receive formal customer care training, so it is extremely disappointing to be told of this lady's and her child's experience, which falls far below the standard that we expect and regularly achieve from the vast majority of drivers employed by us.'
highlights: Alisha Frost, 24, was left in tears as she held on to her son Jack's pushchair . Pull-down disabled seats were all taken by passengers in their 60s and 70s . But when she asked the pensioners to move, they refused, she claims . Jack, two, has cerebral palsy and brain damage and has to use special chair .
id: 31fdbebe78292957fa09e5685e646028c8161862
chatgpt: A young mother is speaking out after she was left in tears during a recent train ride in the UK. Alisha Frost, 24, was travelling with her son Jack, 2, who has cerebral palsy and brain damage and needs to use a special chair. However, when Frost attempted to secure a pull-down disabled seat on the train, she was met with resistance from elderly passengers. Frost claims that all of the pull-down disabled seats were taken by passengers in their 60s and 70s, leaving her with no choice but to ask them to move. However, when she asked for their assistance, Frost alleges that they refused to budge. Left without a seat for her son, Frost was forced to stand and hold onto Jack's pushchair for the duration of the ride. The emotional toll of the experience was too much for her, and she was reportedly in tears by the time she arrived at her destination. Speaking to the press, Frost expressed her frustration at the situation. "I simply asked them to move so that Jack could be secured safely in his special chair," she said. "But they refused, despite the fact that they were sitting in designated disabled seats." Frost's experience highlights an ongoing issue around accessibility on public transport. While measures have been put in place to make travel more comfortable for disabled passengers, such as pull-down seats and wheelchair spaces, there are still cases where these facilities are not being respected or utilized appropriately. In response to the incident, a spokesperson for the train company involved issued a statement apologizing for the distress caused to Frost and Jack. "We take matters of accessibility very seriously, and we are working to ensure that our disabled passengers have the support they need when travelling with us," they said. "We urge all passengers to be mindful of their fellow travellers, and to make use of the designated disabled seats where appropriate." While the spokesperson's response is appreciated, Frost is calling for more action to be taken to ensure that disabled passengers are not left without the means to travel safely and comfortably. Her experience serves as a reminder that accessibility is not just an issue that affects a small minority of travellers - it is a fundamental human right that should be respected and upheld at all times.