article: When Neil Olson set up his Christmas tree before two of his sons went off to the Vietnam war, he vowed never to take it down until they returned. After 40 years, it is still standing in his living room. The 89-year old from Wausau, Wisconsin, has six sons ranging in age from the mid-50s to mid-60s. But his eldest Barry, who lives in Washington state, was injured during the war and is unable to make the trip on Christmas Day. Scroll down for video . Neil Olson, 89, from Wausau, Wisconsin, next to the Christmas tree he has had up in his living room since 1974. He has vowed not to take it down until all six of his sons are together at Christmas . The rest of his family who are married and have children still visit, but one day he hopes to have all of them together. The tree that went up in 1974 is covered in a number of colorful baubles that have collected dust over time. Tinsel is also draped over the needles that are still intact after nearly half a century. The lights are still up but Mr Olson hasn't turned them on since 1974, fearing they would 'blow up' like an 'atomic bomb'. Mr Olson told the Wausau Daily Herald: 'The needles are kept on for a reason. It's supernatural, I say. Neil Olson served in the Second World War and the Korean War. Several of his sons served in the military as well. Speaking to the paper on Wednesday he said his plans for Christmas were to sit with his sons, drink beer and go to bed. One of his other sons Rich added: 'It's part of the furniture. It's like family now. I hate to take it down.' Mr Olson added that having the tree there constantly reminds him of past holidays. 'I can see 'em sitting around there yet, opening presents,' he said. The tree is decorated with a number of baubles that have collected dust over the years as well as tinsel. He has not turned on the lights since 1974 fearing they would blow up .
highlights: Neil Olson put the tree up in 1974 before two of his sons went to Vietnam . The eldest was injured and has been unable to return to his home since . Olson, who lives in Wausau, Wisconsin, will not take the tree down until all of his six sons are together . It is decorated with tinsel and baubles while the needles are still intact .
id: c63dfeabf7f47c7ecf17def2fdc7d5a43630e693
chatgpt: A Wisconsin man, Neil Olson, has become known for a unique Christmas tradition that he's kept up for over 45 years. In 1974, before two of his sons went off to serve in the Vietnam War, Olson put up a Christmas tree in his Wausau home. And it's been up ever since. The eldest of those two sons was injured during the war and has been unable to return to his home. But Olson has refused to take the tree down until all six of his sons, who are scattered throughout the United States, can be together to celebrate Christmas. The tree, which is over four decades old, is decorated with tinsel and baubles, even as the needles remain intact. Olson believes that taking the tree down would be like tearing down his family's history. And while he's received criticism and even death threats from those who find his tradition odd, he remains steadfast in his decision. For Olson, the tree is more than just a decoration, it's a symbol of hope and a reminder of the importance of family during the holiday season. He's hopeful that this year, he'll be able to take the tree down for good. All of his sons are now grown and his grandkids are eager to see the tree in person. But even if this year is not the year, Olson says he'll continue to keep the tree up until his entire family can be reunited. And though he's faced backlash for his tradition, Olson's determination to keep it alive is a testament to the power of family. As the holiday season approaches, many families will gather around a decorated tree to exchange gifts and share memories. For the Olson family, their tree represents something much more profound - a symbol of love, faith, and resilience that endures despite the passing of time. And it's a reminder to us all that the true meaning of Christmas is found in the bonds we share with those we love.