article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- A series of blasts in the city of Quetta in southwest Pakistan killed 93 people and wounded 169 Thursday, police said. Children were among the dead, officials said. A bomb Thursday morning in a vehicle near a security checkpoint in the center of town caused the first explosion, which wrecked a marketplace, destroyed eight security vehicles and claimed at least 12 lives, police spokesman Wazir Khan Nasir said. At least another 45 people were wounded there. Nasir said he believed the checkpoint was the target of the attack. More on Pakistan: India and Pakistan trade accusations over Kashmir violence . Nearby, twin blasts during the evening killed at least 81 people and wounded 121, Chief Capital City Police Officer Miz Zubair Mehmood told CNN. The second of the two explosions erupted when police and reporters arrived at the scene of the first blast. A videographer for a private television network was among the dead. Nine of the dead were security officers, Mehmood said. "The government of Baluchistan is working on mitigating security concerns, and we will make sure to protect citizens as best we can," Mehmood said. A fourth blast wounded three people. The cause of the blasts was not known, and no one had claimed responsibility for them, he said. Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf condemned the blasts. "The prime minister, while expressing his heartfelt condolences and sympathies with the bereaved families, reiterated the government's resolve to stamp out the menace of militancy and terrorism from the country in its all shapes and manifestations," his office said in a statement. "He said that such cowardly acts would not deter the government from fighting the menace of terrorism."
highlights: NEW: Police say the death toll from Quetta bomb explosions jumped to 93 . Police say they believe a security checkpoint was the first target . Children are among the dead, officials say .
id: 1fe25ec5f78506328c37c0ea8ad5293c15ea5780
chatgpt: Quetta, Pakistan - The death toll from the bomb explosions that rocked Quetta on Friday has risen to 93, according to police officials. The attacks began when a security checkpoint in the heavily Shia Muslim area of Hazara was targeted, leading police to believe that it was the first target. The explosions were followed by several others, and authorities fear that the death toll may rise further. The attacks were carried out in what is known as a "double tap" pattern, where the first bomb targets an area, and a second follows shortly after, targeting the first responders. The attack on Friday was one of the worst of its kind in recent memory. According to officials, among the dead were children who had been out shopping, and their families. The explosions also injured over one hundred others, some critically. Police have launched an extensive investigation into the attacks, and several suspects have been detained, according to a statement by the provincial government. The statement also says that the attackers used improvised explosive devices (IEDs) in the attacks, which were placed on motorcycles. The suspects are said to be affiliated with banned extremist groups operating in the area. The government condemned the attacks, with the Prime Minister vowing to "bring the perpetrators of these heinous acts of terror to justice". The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) also condemned the attacks. "The HRCP shares the grief of the bereaved families and stands shoulder to shoulder with them in their time of loss," said a statement by the Commission. "We call upon the authorities to take all necessary measures to bring those responsible for these atrocities to justice and to ensure that such incidents never occur again." The Quetta attack is the latest in a series of bombings that have rocked Pakistan in recent months, leading to an increased security presence in the country's major cities. However, despite these efforts, attacks continue to take place with alarming regularity.