article: By . Jim Norton . Heritage: Cox's Orange Pippin, pictured growing on the tree, has been named the most popular fruit tree for home gardening . There might not be many traditional English apples to be found in your supermarket any more – but you’ll certainly find them cropping up in gardens. Record sales of ‘heritage’ fruit trees have been reported this year - with one of the country’s finest apples, Cox’s Orange Pippin, the most popular. The figures suggest there is still a great appetite for fruit varieties native to Britain, despite claims that supermarkets tend to rely on more consistent varieties from abroad. The latest sales figures from Homebase have revealed a 30 per cent increase in sales of fruit trees this year. According to the retailer, the number one choice was Cox’s Orange Pippin - widely regarded as the finest eating apple in the world. Worcester Pearmain - a small, classic English apple renowned for its strawberry-like flavour - came in second place. It was closely followed in third by Laxton’s Superb, the definitive late-Victorian dessert apple. Homebase has further predicted demand for vegetable seeds to increase by 20 per cent this year. The retailer has claimed record numbers of gardeners are growing their own heritage fruit in order to show their ‘anger at supermarkets who refuse to stock UK sourced traditional fruit and veg’. Strawberry-like: The Worcester Pearmain variety, pictured, was the second-most popular, according to Homebase . But fruit expert Adrian Barlow said a number of English varieties just weren’t commercially viable. He added that supermarkets had in fact been very supportive of the UK apple industry in recent years. Mr Barlow, who is the chief executive of English Apples and Pears Ltd, said: ‘A number of varieties can’t be grown commercially because the yields are insufficient in order to provide the grower with a profit. He used Laxton’s Superb as an example, explaining that supermarkets didn’t stock them because they didn’t keep well and had a greasy skin. Mr Barlow . said: ‘Supermarkets have actually increased their stocking of English . apples hugely over the past seven or eight years. In fact, they are . selling as much as the industry can produce. Definitive: Laxton's superb, pictured, a Victorian classic which has not proved commercially viable, is also enjoying a comeback . ‘During the 1990s, it’s true to say supermarkets focused on imports, but that has changed completely. The rise in sales also suggests that people are searching for ways to save on their grocery shopping. A separate report by Homebase, which surveyed the shopping habits of over 61,000 people across the UK, found that 26 per cent of homeowners now owned a vegetable plot. A spokesman for the store said: ’An entire generation is rediscovering the delicate flavours of fruit and vegetables eaten straight from the garden. ‘These are the subtle taste and textures which our grandparents would have taken for granted - and gardeners are also saving hundreds of pounds in the process.’
highlights: New figures from Homebase shows a boom in grow-your-own food . Classic varieties of apple, such as Cox's Orange Pippin - have led the way . Retailer says English fruit is chosen 'because supermarkets don't stock it'
id: 67738fa56474f794d5eb721f05eeb86d64cb6066
chatgpt: Homebase, the UK DIY retailer, revealed that grow-your-own food has become increasingly popular, with classic varieties of apples like Cox's Orange Pippin leading the way. The trend is believed to have been driven by a desire for self-sufficiency, as well as the environmental benefits of locally grown produce. The company said that sales of vegetable and herb seeds had increased by more than 200% over the past year, with many customers actively seeking out classic varieties that are no longer commonly available in supermarkets. Homebase's trend report also revealed that customers were keen to grow English fruit, which they said was chosen "because supermarkets don't stock it". Experts believe that the boom in grow-your-own food is a response to a number of factors, including concerns about the quality of supermarket produce, environmental issues, and the desire to be more self-sufficient. Many people are also keen to take control of their own diets and to reduce their carbon footprint. While Homebase's research focused on fruit and vegetable seeds, the trend for grow-your-own produce is also being seen across the horticulture sector, with an increasing number of people keen to produce their own flowers and plants. The trend is believed to have been driven, in part, by the COVID-19 pandemic, which led many people to turn towards home-based activities during lockdown periods. Gardening, it seems, became a popular alternative to other outdoor activities such as visiting restaurants or going to the cinema. Denise Thompson, Category Manager at Homebase, said: "Our survey shows that there has been a real shift in attitude over the last 12 months. People are increasingly focused on healthy living and the quality of the produce they eat, and they are actively seeking out ways to grow their own food." The trend is also being reflected in other sectors of the retail industry. Supermarkets and other food retailers have seen a surge in demand for organic and sustainably grown produce, with many retailers keen to emphasise their ethical and environmental credentials. While it remains to be seen whether the trend for grow-your-own food will continue beyond the COVID-19 pandemic, many experts are predicting that it will continue to grow in popularity. "More and more people are looking for ways to reduce their carbon footprint, and growing your own food is a great way to do that," says Thompson. "It's also a great way to ensure that you are eating healthy, fresh produce that you know has been grown in a sustainable, environmentally friendly way."