article: Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli was taken off in a behind closed doors friendly with Wolves after a heated conversation with referee Chris Foy. The 24-year-old, who moved to Anfield from AC Milan in a £16million deal last month, appeared to be held back by Kolo Toure as Foy attempted to talk to him during the game at Melwood. Sportsmail understands the Italian was involved in a robust 50-50 challenge with a Wolves player. No altercation took place and Balotelli was substituted soon after. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Brendan Rodgers: This isn't the Mario Balotelli show . Trouble: Liverpool forward Mario Balotelli talks with referee Chris Foy during a friendly with Wolves . Not happy: Kolo Toure (left) holds Balotelli back after the Italian was involved in a robust 50-50 challenge . You're off! Balotelli walks towards the touchline after being immediately substituted following the incident . Heading home: Balotelli leaves Liverpool's training ground after being taken off prematurely . Toure put his arm around his former Manchester City team-mate as Foy spoke to him about the incident. Balotelli was later pictured leaving the training ground. The ex-Inter Milan star had started the game with the likes of Adam Lallana, Jose Enrique and Lucas. The hosts ran out 1-0 winners against the Championship side, with Lallana scoring the goal. Balotelli made his debut for Brendan Rodgers' side in last Sunday's 3-0 win against Tottenham at White Hart Lane. He failed to score but impressed with his  movement in the box as the Reds returned to winning ways after a 3-1 defeat at Manchester City. Rodgers had joked that Balotelli would bring 'trouble' to Liverpool, but insisted that it was worth the gamble to bring the Italy international to Merseyside. In action: Balotelli attempts to take the ball around Wolves' goalkeeper during the behind closed doors game . On the run: The former Manchester City striker bursts forward during Liverpool's 1-0 win . Last month he told Sky Sports: 'Look at the talent. He's at a stage in his career where this is his chance. I've worked with those types of players all my life in youth coaching where I've never had the finished article. 'He needs to be consistent and if he can do that he will be one hell of a player. Most players I like to look in their eye and see honesty and humility. 'We went three-and-a-half hours talking it through. He's at a massive club. We can help him improve his game - he's a very bright boy and he knows this is his last chance. 'I'm excited to work with him and improve him as a footballer as well as a person.'
highlights: Liverpool beat Wolves 1-0 in a friendly at Melwood on Friday . Mario Balotelli was taken off after a strong challenge and a talk with Premier League referee Chris Foy . The Italian appeared to be held back by team-mate Kolo Toure at one point . Brendan Rodgers joked that the 24-year-old would bring 'trouble' to Anfield after signing him from AC Milan for £16million in August . Adam Lallana scored the only goal as he continues his return to fitness .
id: 3cc844b52150f239b6ec114a99a90d8bae80c37c
chatgpt: Liverpool secured a 1-0 victory over Wolverhampton Wanderers in a friendly match played at Melwood on Friday. But the win came at a cost with striker Mario Balotelli withdrawn from the game following a strong challenge from an opponent. Balotelli was visibly frustrated by the tackle and had a discussion with Premier League referee Chris Foy before being taken off. The Italian forward was later seen being held back by his teammate Kolo Toure, in what appeared to be a heated exchange. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, however, downplayed any concerns over Balotelli's temperament, joking that the 24-year-old would bring 'trouble' to Anfield after signing him from AC Milan for £16million in August. On a positive note, midfielder Adam Lallana scored the only goal of the game as he continued his return to fitness. The Englishman has been on the sidelines for the past month with a niggling injury and will be hoping to be fully fit before Liverpool's next Premier League game against Norwich City. The game was also an opportunity for Liverpool's new signings to impress with Mario Balotelli and Lazar Markovic both starting the match. The Serbian forward, Markovic, was withdrawn at half-time as Rodgers looked to give more game time to his other players. Liverpool's defence looked solid throughout the game with the trio of Kolo Toure, Dejan Lovren, and Joe Gomez keeping the Wolves attack at bay. Gomez was particularly impressive with his composure on the ball and his ability to read the game. The win was Liverpool's second in two games following their midweek victory over League Two side Carlisle United in the League Cup. The Reds will now look to take this momentum into their next Premier League fixture against Norwich City. Despite the win, Rodgers will be concerned by the injuries sustained by Balotelli and Markovic. With Liverpool having already been hit hard by injuries to key players such as Jordan Henderson and Daniel Sturridge, the last thing they need is more players being sidelined. Overall, Liverpool fans will be happy with the win and the performance of their team. But with tougher challenges ahead, including an away game at Everton, Rodgers will need to make sure his team is firing on all cylinders if they are to compete for a top-four finish this season.