article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- For almost a century, the old dog has traversed landscapes across the United States, with weary, budget-conscious travelers peeking out of its windows. Greyhound bus services will run from London to cities such as Portsmouth and Southampton. Now, the iconic Greyhound is taking to the road in Britain. The company will run hourly bus services from London to select cities, starting Monday. In contrast to its U.S. services, however, the buses are glitzier and more luxurious. "The UK service will have wireless Internet, spacious leather seats, more leg room and free newspapers," said Alex Warner, managing director of Greyhound UK. "Obviously, we wanted our services to reflect the nature of UK passengers." For inaugural Greyhound service in Britain, the company aimed to start with the best the United States has to offer, Warner added. In North America, the same services are available from New York and Washington to select cities such as Boston and Toronto, Canada. "There are plans to expand that. Americans should watch closely. We will introduce more of these services based on how well they are received in the UK," Warner said. Despite the added benefits, fares will still target the budget-conscious traveler in Britain, according to Warner. The service starts with a few cities -- from London to Portsmouth and Southampton, he said. The approximately 120-kilometer (80-mile) trip will cost £1 ($1.60) if a ticket is bought in advance, Warner said. Prices will go up to £4 or £5, depending on time of purchase. "We are planning to keep the prices within that range," Warner said. Greyhound Lines is owned by British transport company FirstGroup, which bought it from its U.S. parent in 2007. It was founded in 1914, and has services in Mexico and Canada, according to its Web site. In a nod to its cameos in American movies and songs, such as the 1969 film "Midnight Cowboy" and Simon and Garfunkel's 1972 hit "America," Greyhound plans to keep at least one tie to its U.S. origins. Buses in Britain will be named after classic American songs. The names include "Sweet Caroline" and "Good Golly Miss Molly," Warner said. CNN's Faith Karimi contributed to this report.
highlights: Greyhound Lines to run services from London to Portsmouth and Southampton . Buses are glitzier and more luxurious than U.S. services . Greyhound Lines is owned by British transport company FirstGroup .
id: 32e4f6613c739bdf2c1b9a4d85ea75ec2d5017ad
chatgpt: British transport company FirstGroup has announced that its subsidiary, Greyhound Lines, will be running bus services from London to Portsmouth and Southampton. The move is expected to provide travelers with luxurious and glitzy bus options, which are not commonly seen in the United States. Greyhound Lines is a well-known American bus company that operates all over the United States. The company is known for its iconic greyhound design and comfortable, yet standard, travel options for travelers. However, the company's new services in the United Kingdom will offer passengers more luxurious and comfortable buses than the ones that they are used to. FirstGroup, which has owned Greyhound Lines since 2007, already runs several transportation services in the United Kingdom, including Great Western Railway, South Western Railway, and TransPennine Express. The addition of the new bus services will only strengthen FirstGroup's presence in the transportation industry. The new bus services will also provide several economic benefits to the regions of Portsmouth and Southampton. The services will improve connectivity and accessibility, encouraging tourism and business travel to the area. In addition, the convenience of the new bus services will reduce the use of private cars and cut down on carbon emissions. FirstGroup has stated that the new Glitzy Greyhound coaches will be built with modern interiors and luxurious features, such as reclining leather seats, free Wi-Fi and onboard entertainment. The aim of these features is to provide passengers with a comfortable and enjoyable travel experience. The new Greyhound Lines services certainly present an exciting prospect for travelers in the United Kingdom. Traveling by bus is often seen as a standard and mundane experience. However, with the inclusion of luxurious and modern features, Greyhound Lines is set to change the way that people view bus travel. The services are set to begin operations in the coming months, and travelers can expect more updates and additional routes to be announced soon. This development indicates the continued growth of FirstGroup in the United Kingdom and the transportation industry as a whole.