article: (CNN) -- Costa Cruises is on the defensive again. The cruise line issued a statement Tuesday denying that it offered discounts on future cruises to passengers who were aboard Concordia when it ran aground. The statement was in response to news reports that the cruise line offered 30% off on future travel to some survivors. "The company has never offered any discount on future cruises to our guests who were on board Costa Concordia for the cruise of Jan. 13 and involved in the tragic accident," Costa's statement said, calling reports published by various news outlets "unfounded." An internal investigation into the reports that surfaced over the weekend revealed no evidence of discounts being offered to disaster survivors, said Buck Banks, Costa's North American spokesman. "There's probably no way to know for sure as confused as things were in the hours just following the accident," Banks said. "I'm not going to say mistakes couldn't have been made," he said. Banks said he was certain no discount offers were made to North American passengers. It must have been a mistake or miscommunication if any discounts were offered to survivors, said Dan Askin, an editor at cruising website CruiseCritic.com, noting that there's no confirmation that such offers were made. The cruise line did offer 30% off on future cruises to guests who were scheduled to sail on the Concordia from January 14 and beyond, which Askin called "perfectly ordinary" compensation for people booked on cruises canceled because of an incapacitated ship. Costa is offering cancellation without penalty by February 7 to concerned passengers booked on other ships, the company's statement said. Passengers involved in the Concordia disaster will receive full refunds for the cruise and all related expenses, Costa said Monday. All costs associated with travel to the port of embarkation and the return home, including transfer arrangements made independently of the cruise line, will be reimbursed, as will medical expenses, cash deposits and any expenses incurred on board. Costa said it will update passengers on the return of personal belongings and try to return valuables stored in cabin safes. The company has been following up on the emotional and physical well-being of affected passengers, the statement said, and talking with tourism trade associations and consumer protection groups to determine indemnity for passengers for the hardship endured. Costa had no comment on a class-action lawsuit against the cruise line and its parent company, Carnival Corp., that Italian consumer group Codacons and two U.S. law firms plan to file in Miami. "We've been contacted by hundreds of victims and the numbers are growing moment by moment," said Mitchell Proner, senior partner at Proner & Proner, one of two firms involved. The suit is seeking at least 125,000 euros (about $160,000) per passenger, Proner said.
highlights: Cruise line denies offering discounts on future cruises to survivors . Costa did offer discounts to passengers set to sail January 14 and beyond . Concordia passengers will be reimbursed for all expenses, Costa announced . Indemnity for hardship suffered has not been determined .
id: 46542687024be1599ccd7f5bc5ad473d0fa7fd54
chatgpt: The cruise line Costa has denied allegations that they were offering discounts on future cruises to survivors of the tragic Costa Concordia shipwreck. Rumors had been circulating that the cruise company was providing discounted rates to those who had experienced the disaster in hopes to keep them as customers. However, a spokesperson for Costa has clarified that the company was not offering discounts to survivors. Instead, Costa had been offering discounts to passengers who had already booked a cruise scheduled to set sail on January 14th and beyond. In addition to the confusion around discounts, Costa also announced that it would reimburse all expenses incurred by the surviving passengers of the Concordia. While this gesture may provide some relief for those who suffered in the wreck, the indemnity for the hardships and trauma experienced by the survivors has yet to be determined. The Costa Concordia disaster took place in January 2012 off the coast of Italy when the ship struck a reef and capsized. Of the 4,229 people on board, 32 lost their lives in the accident, and many other passengers and crew members were injured. The incident has resulted in numerous lawsuits against Costa and its parent company, Carnival Corporation. The treatment of survivors in the aftermath of the disaster has been a contentious issue, with many questioning the role of the cruise line in the incident and the follow-up care for those impacted. The announcement of discounts had only added to the controversy, with concerns that Costa was attempting to downplay the severity of the incident in hopes to maintain their bottom line. With the denial of discounts to survivors, it is unclear how the cruise line plans to address the issue of compensation for the trauma caused by the shipwreck. While the decision to reimburse expenses is a step in the right direction, there is still much work to be done to address the emotional and psychological harm that resulted from the tragedy. Survivors and their families are still dealing with the aftermath of the Costa Concordia disaster, and it is crucial that the cruise line takes responsibility for its role in the tragedy. While the announcement of reimbursements is a welcome step, Costa will need to do more to ensure that survivors are adequately compensated for the trauma they have experienced. As more details emerge surrounding the treatment of survivors following the Costa Concordia disaster, it is clear that there is still much work to be done in order to ensure justice and accountability for those impacted by the tragedy. Until then, the survivors of the Costa Concordia disaster continue to seek closure and justice in the wake of this devastating incident.