article: By . Simeon Gholam . Follow @@SimGholam . Slaven Bilic has hailed Arsenal as one of Europe's best ahead of their Champions League play-off showdown this month, but he also believes that Besiktas are more than capable of victory over Arsene Wenger's side. The Gunners are set to travel to Istanbul for the first leg of the tie on August 19, before the return leg at the Emirates Stadium eight days later. For the winner, a vital place in the Champions League group stage, whilst the loser will be relegated to a spot in the Europa League. VIDEO Scroll down to see Sanchez and Sanogo link up for incredibly crafted training goal . Hails: Arsenal are one of Europe's best sides according to Besiktas boss Slaven Bilic . Preparation: Arsenal players run out on the Emirates pitch as they ready themselves for the new season . Bilic played for four years in the Premier League with West Ham and Everton, but is probably more famous for leading Croatia to victory at Wembley in 2007 and preventing England from qualifying for Euro 2008, is relishing his potiential return to notoriety in England. 'Arsenal are one of the best teams in Europe. We took one of the most difficult draws,' said Bilic. 'This is without a doubt a match when Arsenal are the favourite. We have great respect for Arsenal. We have hope and plan. We will try to implement this plan. Bilic believes his side can also take inspiration from the 1-0 45-minute friendly victory over Chelsea in Turkey on Friday. 'We will be brave and we will do our best to eliminate them, he added. 'The football we played against Chelsea, gave the signal to us about this match. If we can deal with Chelsea we can cope with Arsenal.' Head to head: Bilic will be hoping to get the better of Gunners boss Arsene Wenger in the tie . Netted: Ersan Gulum (centre) celebrates scoring for Besiktas against Chelsea on Friday .
highlights: Arsenal are set to play Besiktas in two-leg Champions League play-off tie . The winner will progress to the Champions League group stage, whilst the loser will be receive a spot in the Europa League . Slaven Bilic believes that Gunners are one of the most 'difficult draws' But Besiktas boss believes that his side can claim victory over Arsenal .
id: 902ca25aad1b616f09aea46540c469a5c6353b26
chatgpt: The stage is set for an exciting two-leg play-off tie between Premier League giants Arsenal and Turkish champions Besiktas in the Champions League. With a spot in the Champions League group stage on the line for the winner and a consolation prize of a place in the Europa League for the loser, both teams will be desperate to come out on top over the two legs. For Besiktas, the manager Slaven Bilic believes that Arsenal are one of the most difficult teams to face in the competition. The Gunners boast a talented squad, with the likes of Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud all capable of changing a game in an instant. However, Besiktas manager Senol Gunes is confident that his team can cause an upset against the London side. He believes that his side has what it takes to overcome Arsenal, and secure their place in the Champions League group stage. Both teams have been in decent form in the lead up to the tie. Arsenal registered a comfortable 2-0 win over Manchester City in the Community Shield, while Besiktas secured a 3-0 victory over Turkish rivals Sivasspor. The first leg of the tie will be played at Besiktas' home ground in Istanbul, a notoriously difficult venue for visiting teams. The Turkish side will be hoping to use the support of their passionate fans to their advantage, and secure a positive result to take into the second leg at the Emirates Stadium. However, Arsenal will be confident of securing a result away from home, with the experience and quality in their squad. The Gunners will look to keep things tight at the back and hit their opponents on the counter-attack, with the pace of Theo Walcott and the creativity of Ozil key weapons in their armoury. For Besiktas, the likes of Demba Ba and Olcay Sahan will be crucial in attack, while the solid defensive pairing of Ersan Gulum and Pedro Franco will look to frustrate Arsenal's forwards. The tie promises to be an enthralling encounter, with both teams desperate to secure their place in the lucrative group stage of the Champions League. With the quality on display, and the pressure on both sides, it is sure to be a match that football fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating.