article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki confirmed Tuesday that the Obama administration is considering a controversial plan to make veterans pay for treatment of service-related injuries with private insurance. Lawmakers say they'd reject a proposal to make veterans pay for treatment of war wounds with private insurance. But the proposal would be "dead on arrival" if it's sent to Congress, Sen. Patty Murray, D-Washington, said. Murray used that blunt terminology when she told Shinseki that the idea would not be acceptable and would be rejected if formally proposed. Her remarks came during a hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs about the 2010 budget. No official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly, but veterans groups wrote a pre-emptive letter last week to President Obama voicing their opposition to the idea after hearing the plan was under consideration. The groups also cited an increase in "third-party collections" estimated in the 2010 budget proposal -- something they said could be achieved only if the Veterans Administration started billing for service-related injuries. Asked about the proposal, Shinseki said it was under "consideration." "A final decision hasn't been made yet," he said. Currently, veterans' private insurance is charged only when they receive health care from the VA for medical issues that are not related to service injuries, like getting the flu. Charging for service-related injuries would violate "a sacred trust," Veterans of Foreign Wars spokesman Joe Davis said. Davis said the move would risk private health care for veterans and their families by potentially maxing out benefits paying for costly war injury treatments. A second senator, North Carolina Republican Richard Burr, said he agreed that the idea should not go forward. "I think you will give that up" as a revenue stream if it is included in this April's budget, Burr said. Murray said she'd already discussed her concerns with the secretary the previous week. "I believe that veterans with service-connected injuries have already paid by putting their lives on the line," Murray said in her remarks. "I don't think we should nickel and dime them for their care." Eleven of the most prominent veterans organizations have been lobbying Congress to oppose the idea. In the letter sent last week to the president, the groups warned that the idea "is wholly unacceptable and a total abrogation of our government's moral and legal responsibility to the men and women who have sacrificed so much." The groups included The American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America. At the time, a White House spokesman would neither confirm nor deny the option was being considered.
highlights: Obama team considering plan in which vets would use private insurance for wounds . No official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly . Veterans organizations have been lobbying Congress to oppose the idea . Lawmakers say plan would be rejected if it goes to Congress .
id: 795a0d229f6935414ef94d54dc68412e9c9d9957
chatgpt: President Barack Obama's administration is reportedly considering a plan that would require military veterans to use their private insurance plans to cover costs for service-related injuries. However, there has been no official proposal announced publicly as of yet.  According to reports, the plan would utilize private insurance for injuries sustained during military service instead of the government-covered Tricare system. This has sparked opposition from several veterans' organizations, who have been lobbying Congress to reject the plan. They argue that having veterans essentially pay for their own injuries would be unacceptable and an unethical burden on those who have already given so much for their country.  Lawmakers have echoed the concerns of the veterans' organizations, saying that if the plan goes to Congress, it will likely be rejected. Representative Bob Filner, chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, stated that the plan would be "dead on arrival" if presented. Other lawmakers cited the fact that veterans are already saddled with a host of problems, including high unemployment rates and difficulty accessing healthcare, and that introducing this new financial burden would only exacerbate these issues.  In response to the criticisms, the Obama administration has stated that the plan is not about cost-cutting, but rather aimed at improving the efficiency of the system. Officials argue that the Tricare system is overly complex and that using private insurance would streamline the process and save money. They also point out that the plan would only require veterans to use private insurance for injuries that are directly related to their military service, and that insurance companies would be legally prohibited from increasing premiums or denying coverage based on these injuries.  Despite these claims, veterans' organizations remain unconvinced. The American Legion, for example, has stated that the cost savings would be minimal and that the plan would only serve to further complicate an already complicated system. Others argue that the government has a responsibility to provide for those who have been injured defending their country, and that using private insurance would be an unacceptable dereliction of that duty.  The controversy surrounding the plan has highlighted the difficult balancing act that the Obama administration must undertake in trying to provide adequate care for veterans while also reducing overall healthcare costs. While there are certainly issues with the current system, shifting the burden onto veterans themselves is not the solution. As lawmakers and veterans' organizations continue to push back against the plan, it remains to be seen what the ultimate outcome will be. For now, however, the proposed initiative remains just that - a proposal, with no clear picture of whether it will ever become a reality.