article: The devastated 11-year-old girl who was forced to shut down her lemonade stand by a local council got up at 4am to cook fresh goods for the stall and lay out furniture to make it look like a cafe. Chelsea Ruderforth, whipped up a delicious range of treats to sell on a quiet country road near her house to make some money before Christmas but someone reported her to the red-tape enforcers at Bunbury City Council, in Western Australia. The council complained the food she was selling was 'high risk' and that she 'set up a marquee with a couch, chairs and tables in a location where it was unsafe for passing vehicles to pull over safely'. 'It is such a sad day when a kid can't make a bit of extra cash just selling a few cupcakes and lemonade,' Chelsea's mother Marissa told 720 ABC Perth. Scroll down for video . Chelsea Ruderforth's lemonade stall was shut down by Bunbury City Council in WA . Lemon meringue pie, lemon butter cupcakes and fresh organic lemonade were all on offer from ‘11am until sold out’ on 19 December, said the girl in a handwritten poster which was shared on social media to drum up business. But someone reported her entrepreneurial plans to the council before the sale had even begun and before she'd even served her first customer. Her outraged mother posted on Facebook that her daughter had her pop-up stall shut down by the council. 'We had our four-wheel-drive with a fridge, we had ice - everyone is aware what you need to do with food,' Ms Ruderforth told the ABC. An entrepreneurial 11-year-old girl made this poster to advertise her goods before her stall was shutdown . Environmental health manager at Bunbury City Council, Sarah Upton, told The West Australian the girl’s stall was ‘high risk’. ‘Unfortunately the stall was selling food without a permit and the young girl in charge was preparing food without approval,’ Ms Upton explained. The council worker also complained that the girl had no ‘temperature control’ and her location was posing a problem for cars to pull over safely on the side of Brittain Road. On Tuesday, Ms Upton told the ABC that Chelsea would have to look at making her food in a commercial kitchen if she wanted to try again. The local council shut down the girl's lemonade stall in WA (stock photo shown)
highlights: Chelsea Ruderforth, 11, planned to sell lemonade and cakes in WA town . But local council shut down the stall before her first customer could come . Chelsea was told food on sale must be make in a commercial kitchen .
id: 21802cd66fd1c6ae80bfb495c0bd49fdbb801a1a
chatgpt: Chelsea Ruderforth, an 11-year-old resident of a small town in Western Australia, had high hopes of starting her own little business. She planned to sell freshly squeezed lemonade and mouth-watering cakes to locals and tourists passing by. However, before her first customer could even take a sip of her lemonade, her plans were thwarted by the local council. Chelsea had set up her little stall near her home with a sign advertising her delicious wares. Unfortunately, it wasn't long before a council inspector arrived, informing her that the food she was preparing and selling had to be made in a commercial kitchen. Chelsea was ordered to close her stall and remove everything that she had set up. "I was really excited to sell my lemonade and cakes to people in my town," Chelsea said, "but the council didn't let me. They said it wasn't safe unless I made it all in a commercial kitchen". Chelsea's disappointment was understandable, considering that she had gone to great lengths to set up her stall. Her father had helped her bake the cakes, and Chelsea had handed out flyers to promote her business. Chelsea had hoped her humble little stall would become a popular spot for locals and tourists alike. While Chelsea's dreams for her business had been dashed, her experience highlights an important issue surrounding food safety regulations. It is necessary to ensure that food sold to the public is safe to consume, and that the appropriate safety measures are in place. Food safety inspectors have a vital job in ensuring that our food supply is safe. However, some have claimed that the regulations can be overly strict, especially for small businesses like Chelsea's. Many argue that small-scale operations, like Chelsea's street-side stall, pose little risk to consumer safety and should be exempt from some of the more stringent regulations. Despite this setback, Chelsea remains undeterred. She hopes to one day open a restaurant of her own, where she can serve up all the delicious cakes and lemonade she has become famous for. In the meantime, Chelsea's story serves as a reminder that starting a business can be a difficult and frustrating experience. Even the youngest entrepreneurs like Chelsea face obstacles, but it doesn't mean that they should give up on their dreams. With hard work and a little bit of luck, even the smallest business can grow into something much larger.