article: One of the University of Alberta's oldest underclassmen is a 60-year-old man who's come back to school to study the cancer that ended his wife's life. Powel Crosley's wife Sladjana died in 2009 at the age of 58 due to granulosa, a rare form of ovarian cancer. Only 5 per cent of ovarian cancer cases are diagnosed as granulosa. CBS News reports Crosely spent his career to now in information technology, and enrolled in cllege again in 2010. Powel Crosley, seen here with wife Sladjana, who died of a rare type of ovarian cancer in 2009, has returned to school at the age of 60 to study the disease that took her from him . 'The main thing I'm trying to do is come up with an effective treatment,' he said. Crosley especially hopes to find better drugs for patients than many now which are 'highly toxic' He's now doing course work in biochemistry and oncology and has secured a $60,000 grant to continue researching. A promising drug developed by the University of Illinois is among the compounds he's currently testing. The drug, Pac-1, has shown some results with lymphoma, which carries a mortality rate of 85 per cent. He's also hoping to find something easier for patients to process. 'Many of the drugs are highly toxic,' he told reporters. In Sladjana's case, the fatal problem came from internal bleeding cause by a medication. She was initially diagnosed in 1996. Despite undergoing six major surgeries and multiple clinical trials, the cancer metastasized to her liver and lungs. 'They . told us they caught it early, they told us there was no sign of  the . disease, they told us it wouldn't come back,'he told CBS News. Much as her husband is doing now, she studied scientific literature about her cancer for 13 years and was the one who found literature pointing to Pac-1. Crosley has helped get a $60,000 grant to continue his research at the University of Alberta . She also founded the Granulosa Cell Tumor Research Foundation to help patients get information about their disease. Her husband has since taken over running the foundation. 'She . had tremendous drive and determination to look into things and achieve . things.' Crosely said. 'She was incredibly intelligent and just a very strong person. 'Her motto was: The answer lies in the lab. She was pretty persistent about things she . believed in. And so I'm just basically completing her mission.'
highlights: Powel Crosley's wife Sladjana died in 2009 at the age of 58 due to granulosa, a rare form of ovarian cancer . Crosley has since enrolled in University of Alberta to study cancer and specifically to find a treatment for his wife's disease . Has raised $60,000 to keep research going in school's labs .
id: 86ded14172849221f1bd713f0ea6bd98293629ad
chatgpt: Powel Crosley lost his wife, Sladjana, to granulosa, a rare form of ovarian cancer, in 2009. Since then, Crosley has been determined to find a treatment for his wife's disease. In pursuit of this goal, he has enrolled in the University of Alberta to study cancer and is currently working to keep research ongoing in the school's labs. Crosley's passion for finding a cure stems from his own experience with a rare cancer in his 20s. Having survived his own battle with cancer, he became acutely aware of the need for more research and better treatments for those suffering from the disease. When his wife was diagnosed with cancer, it was the start of a long and difficult journey that led him down the path to study cancer research. Crosley sees working in the labs as a way of giving back and hopes to make a meaningful impact. He explains, "I'm doing this to help, to make a difference in the fight against cancer. If I can do something to help others who are facing this terrible illness, then I will." One of the biggest challenges that cancer researchers face is funding. Medical research is expensive, and Crosley knows that funding is essential to keep the labs running and the research going. He has been able to raise an impressive $60,000 to support the University of Alberta's cancer research program. The money will be used to pay for supplies, equipment, and to support the researchers working in the labs. Crosley's dedication to finding a cure for his wife's disease is inspiring. It is clear that his motivation and passion come from a deep love and respect for his wife. He hopes that his work will help others who are dealing with cancer and bring us one step closer to finding a cure.  The University of Alberta is fortunate to have individuals like Crosley who are willing to invest their time, funds, and energy in such an important endeavor. The research work being carried out in the labs funded by Crosley's help and other donors: working toward the goal of fighting cancer and improving the quality of life for all those suffering from its effects. We look forward to seeing the results of Crosley's work and the positive impact it will have on cancer patients' lives in the future.