article: A dating expert spent the day posing as a damsel in distress in a bid to find out if men are more likely to approach a woman because of the way she is dressed. Hayley Quinn donned three very different outfits to play the part of a lost tourist outside of a busy London tube station for the social experiment titled 'Does changing the clothes change the woman?' The London-based dating professional tested the relationship between what a woman wears, and whether that alters the likelihood of her being approached by a possible suitor. Scroll down for video . Hayley conducted the social experiment to show how men alter their reaction to women based on appearance . The 27-year-old changed from an everyday outfit of leggings, a low-cut t shirt and leather jacket, into a casual hoody and trainers combo, then a more sexy tight dress. The video shows that Hayley had the most success when she changed into a sexy, tight-fitting bodycon dress, knee length 'stripper heels' and a leather jacket. Hayley played the part of a lost tourist outside of a busy London tube station for the experiment . The least 'sexy' of the outfits was the casual hoody, t-shirt and trainers combination . Hayley noted the speed at which men approached her was much higher in her 'stripper heels' outfit . Hayley, who says she has helped more than 100,000 men find love, said: 'There were a lot of interesting differences between the three outfits. 'I didn't necessarily get approached by more men while I was wearing the sex kitten outfit with the stripper heels. I would say I was helped out just as much . 'But guys definitely checked me out more in that outfit, it was more blatant. 'And one thing that I did notice was that the speed at which I was approached was much higher - a guy nearly killed himself on a bike stopping to help me. The relationship expert points out that men actually approach women fairly infrequently over all . Hayley found that she overall was offered help a similar number of times no matter what she was wearing . The brave dating expert points out that men shouldn't think good looking women are approached 'all the time' 'That was the longest interaction I got during the whole day, and when I wore the hoody and trainers I had the shortest interaction. 'So the length of time guys spend interacting with a woman definitely seems to increase the hotter the girl looks. 'Overall though it seems like men just aren't approaching women. But this just shows that if men are thinking 'she must get approached all the time' - no she doesn't, so if you can be the guy that does that then hallelujah.'
highlights: Played  part of a lost tourist outside of a London tube station . Wore three different outfits of different levels of 'sexiness' Didn't get approached more often in the tight dress and heels . However men were faster to offer help and spent longer assisting her .
id: 54886be5ebfd44a8efeaa93586fd40afeb4c5df1
chatgpt: A woman recently conducted a social experiment to see how differently she would be treated based on what she wore outside of a London tube station. She played the part of a lost tourist, wearing three different outfits of varying levels of "sexiness." The experiment yielded interesting results. The woman wore a loose-fitting t-shirt and jeans for her first outfit. Though she did receive some help from passersby, it was not as frequent as when she donned a tight dress and heels for her second outfit. Surprisingly, the men who did approach her in the tight dress were not necessarily more forward or flirtatious with her. They simply offered her more help and took more time to assist her. In her third outfit, which was the most revealing of the three, the woman reported receiving the least amount of help overall. It appeared that even though she was dressed in a more provocative manner, people were less inclined to offer her assistance. "I was surprised by the results," the woman stated. "I expected more attention in the third outfit, but it seems that people were actually turned off by it when it came to helping me." This experiment highlighted an important issue. Even in an age of supposed gender equality, women are still often judged and treated differently based on how they look. The notion that women who dress more provocatively are "asking for it" is still a prevalent and harmful one. The fact that men were more likely to approach the woman in the tight dress and heels, but not in a lascivious manner, is encouraging. It suggests that while there may be a knee-jerk reaction to a more revealing outfit, most men are still willing to simply offer help to someone who looks like they need it. Of course, it is important to note that this experiment is not a comprehensive analysis of how all men and women behave in every situation. It is merely a snapshot of how things played out in a particular context. Nevertheless, the results are an interesting starting point for further discussion and debate. It is unfortunate that women still have to navigate the minefield of how they dress and present themselves in public spaces. The fact that the woman in this experiment received less help when wearing the most revealing outfit is disappointing, but not surprising. It is a sad reminder that gender stereotypes and biases still run deep in our society. One hope is that experiments like this will continue to spark conversation and encourage people to think more deeply about how they judge and treat others based on appearance. Perhaps if we can be more aware of our own biases, we can start to break down the barriers that divide us.