article: Joe Hart has signed a long-term contract worth £120,000 a week that ties the England goalkeeper to Manchester City until 2019. Hart was widely expected to become the latest player to agree a new deal with the Premier League champions and the news was confirmed on Friday night. ‘Wanting to stay here was never going to be an issue for me. I’ve loved every moment since I joined,’ said Hart, who has made 276 appearances since signing from Shrewsbury Town in 2006. Joe Hart has committed his long-term future to Manchester City by signing a new deal with the club . City's director of football Txiki Begiristain shaking hands with Hart after he signed the deal . ‘The club’s doing amazing things. We’ve created history and we want to keep doing that. The club’s growing and I’ve been really lucky to be part of the ride. We’re enjoying building that winning mentality, how the club is growing around us and how we need to grow along with it.’ City, who also expect James Milner to agree a new deal soon, have won their last seven games in all competitions and could feasibly replace Chelsea at the top of the table on goal difference with an emphatic win at home to Crystal Palace in today’s lunchtime kick-off. Manuel Pellegrini’s team trailed Chelsea by nine points at one stage last month, and the City boss warned Jose Mourinho’s side that Arsenal blew their chance from a similar position last season. The Gunners occupied top spot in December after 16 games and then fell away in the second half of the campaign as City emerged to become champions. Hart joined City in 2006 from Shrewsbury Town, he was then loaned to Tranmere, Birmingham and Blackpool . Hart broke into the City first team in the 2010-11 season after impressing on loan at Birmingham . ‘You never win a title in December,’ said Pellegrini. ‘Maybe you can be the best team but you don’t know what will happen in the second half. ‘I think Arsenal had a very similar number of points last season as Chelsea have now so we’ll see what happens in the second half and how many points you need to win.’ Asked what psychological impact relinquishing such a big lead might have on Chelsea, Pellegrini replied: ‘I don’t know but in our team we always fight to the end and are never beaten until mathematics say you cannot win. ‘We always believed that we could make up the points because we had so many games to play. ‘You may remember last year when we had just five games left and knew that we had to win them, we did it.’ Hart has made 276 appearances for the club, winning the Premier League, FA Cup, and League Cup . Hart punches the ball to safety during City's Champions League group stage win against Roma .
highlights: Joe Hart has signed a contract extension with Manchester City . The keeper's new deal will keep him at the club until the end of 2018-19 . The England international joined City from Shrewsbury Town in 2006 . Sergio Aguero, Edin Dzeko, Aleksandar Kolarov, Samir Nasri and David Silva have also signed new deals in 2014 .
id: e77c46a7452eb79befe8d672514244c7053581c8
chatgpt: In a move that has delighted Manchester City fans, goalkeeper Joe Hart has signed a contract extension with the club that will keep him at the Etihad Stadium until the end of the 2018-19 season. Hart joined City in 2006, having made his name at Shrewsbury Town, and has since become an integral member of the team. He has helped the club win two Premier League titles, two League Cups, and reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. The England international has also won numerous individual awards for his performances, including the Premier League Golden Glove award on four occasions. Hart's contract extension comes as part of a wider effort by City to secure the futures of their key players. In 2014, Sergio Aguero, Edin Dzeko, Aleksandar Kolarov, Samir Nasri, and David Silva all signed new deals with the club. This shows the commitment of the club's management to building a team that can compete at the highest level, both domestically and in Europe. By securing the futures of their star players, City are sending a strong message to their rivals that they are determined to remain a force to be reckoned with in the years ahead. Hart's importance to the team cannot be overstated. He has made more than 300 appearances for City and has consistently been one of the best goalkeepers in the Premier League. His shot-stopping abilities, commanding presence in the box, and excellent distribution skills have all contributed to his success. Speaking about the contract extension, Hart said: "I'm really happy to have signed this new deal. It's an exciting time to be part of this club and I'm looking forward to helping the team achieve even more success in the years to come." City's manager, Pep Guardiola, also expressed his delight at the news, saying: "Joe is a world-class goalkeeper and he has been a key player for us for many years. I'm thrilled that he has decided to extend his stay at the club and I know he will continue to play a major role in our success." With Hart now tied down to a long-term contract, City can focus on building a team capable of challenging for major honours. It remains to be seen who else will join Hart in signing new deals, but one thing is clear: Manchester City are determined to remain at the top of English football for as long as possible.