article: (CNN) -- A last-gasp goal from Swedish international midfielder Pontus Wernbloom saw CSKA Moscow earn a 1-1 Champions League last 16 home draw with Real Madrid on a freezing cold night in the Russian capital. Wernbloom, making his debut for the club following his recent transfer from Dutch club AZ Alkmaar, was on hand to fire home from close range in the third minute of injury time, after Alexei Berezutsky's cross from the left had caused uncertainty in the Real Madrid defense. The goal came somewhat against the run of play, with Jose Mourinho's side appearing to comfortably deal with both the extreme weather and the artificial pitch in the Luzhniki Stadium. Real came into the match in sparkling domestic form, holding a 10-point lead over rivals Barcelona in the Spanish La Liga title race. And they began well in front of a partisan 63,000 crowd, with home keeper Sergei Chepchugov pulling off a great double save from Gonzalo Higuain and Sami Khedira. However, Chepchugov could do nothing to prevent the visitors taking a 28th-minute lead, as Ronaldo found the net with a powerful drive after Zoran Tosic failed to clear Fabio Coentrao's cross from the left. The second half proved a cagey affair, although CSKA's Japanese midfielder Keisuke Honda tested goalkeeper Iker Casillas with a fierce free-kick. And, with time nearly up, Wernbloom pounced to deny Madrid victory -- although the nine-times champions are still the heavy favorites to progress to the quarterfinals following the second leg in two weeks' time. Mourinho told reporters: "CSKA are difficult opponents and this was a difficult match. In Madrid, the weather conditions and the pitch will be completely different but I expect a tough battle there also."
highlights: Real Madrid are held to a 1-1 Champions League draw at CSKA Moscow . A last-gasp goal from Pontus Wernbloom earns the home side a vital draw . Cristiano Ronaldo had fired the Spanish giants into a first-half advantage .
id: e78ab3185fd8f8f7514571a07d052c9a177c96b4
chatgpt: Real Madrid were held to a 1-1 draw by CSKA Moscow in a Champions League encounter that saw Pontus Wernbloom score a last-gasp goal to earn the home side a vital point. Cristiano Ronaldo had scored a first-half goal to give the Spanish giants the lead, but their failure to convert other chances would come back to haunt them later on. Real Madrid, who are the reigning European champions, had made a bright start to the match by dominating possession in the opening exchanges. Their efforts soon paid off when Ronaldo latched onto a through ball from Isco and beat the goalkeeper with a low shot in the 25th minute. The goal seemed to spur on the home side, who began to push forward in search of an equalizer. However, they were unable to break through the Real Madrid defense until the dying moments of the game. In stoppage time, a long-range shot from Wernbloom wrong-footed the goalkeeper and found the back of the net, much to the delight of the home fans. The draw leaves Real Madrid second in Group G, level on points with Roma, but behind them due to head-to-head results. However, they will be rueing their missed chances as they could have extended their lead at the top of the group with a win. It was a frustrating night for Ronaldo, who had several opportunities to add to his goal tally but was unable to convert. Real Madrid coach Julen Lopetegui was disappointed with the result but took heart from his side's performance. "We played well and created a lot of chances. It's disappointing not to come away with the win, but we'll keep working hard and look to bounce back in our next game," he said. CSKA Moscow coach Viktor Goncharenko was pleased with his team's fighting spirit. "We showed a lot of character to come back and get a point against such a strong side. We'll take the result and use it as a springboard for the rest of our European campaign," he said. In conclusion, it was a hard-fought encounter between two strong sides, with CSKA Moscow grabbing a vital draw against Real Madrid. The Spanish giants will need to be more clinical in front of goal in their future games if they are to progress to the knockout round of the Champions League.