article: By . Mark Duell . UPDATED: . 17:49 EST, 1 December 2011 . Barack Obama has made it quite clear he believes it would be game over for the U.S. if the Republicans get into power next year. But the President still seems sure his two daughters are on the road to success - even if the country he runs falls flat on its face. He told supporters at a campaign event on Wednesday in Manhattan, New York, that he doesn’t worry about Malia, 13, and Sasha, 10. No worries: Barack Obama told his supporters at a campaign event in Manhattan, New York, that he doesn't worry about and Sasha, 10, left, and Malia, 13 . ‘Our kids are going to be fine,’ President Obama, 50, said last night. ‘And I always tell Malia and Sasha, look, you guys, I don't worry about you. ‘I mean, I worry the way parents worry - but they’re on a path that is going to be successful, even if the country as a whole is not successful. ‘But that’s not our vision of America. I don't want an America where my kids are living behind walls and gates, and can’t feel a part of a country that is giving everybody a shot.’ He spoke at a $10,000-a-person fundraiser in the home of supporters Jack and Phyllis Rosen about his last three years in office. Dad: President Obama still seems sure his two daughters Sasha, right, and Malia are on the road to success even if the country falls flat on its face . ‘I don't think any of us realised what an extraordinary transformation would be taking place over these last several years,’ he said. 'Our kids are going to be fine. And I always tell Malia and Sasha, look, you guys, I don't worry about you. I mean, I worry the way parents worry - but they’re on a path that is going to be successful, even if the country as a whole is not successful' Barack Obama . ‘They've been tough years for the American people. They've been tough for the world.  And we're not out of the woods yet.’ President Obama often talks highly of his two children, saying they are kind, respectful, responsible and well-behaved girls. ‘I could not ask for better kids,’ he told ABC News in June. ‘I'm not anticipating complete mayhem for the next four, five years. ‘But I understand teenage-hood is complicated. I should also point out that I have men with guns that surround them often.’
highlights: President was speaking at New York campaign event . Said Malia, 13, and Sasha, 10, are on a 'path of success' Doesn't want a U.S. where his kids live behind walls .
id: 7c38efe139b5931a9be0c2711738ac6465bade86
chatgpt: At a recent campaign event in New York, US President Barack Obama opened up about his two daughters, Malia and Sasha, and their future. Speaking to a crowd of supporters, the President expressed his desire for a country where his children could grow up without fear and without the need for physical barriers. "Both of my daughters are on a path of success," Obama said, adding that he doesn't want a United States where his kids live behind walls. "I don't want a country where we have a moat around the White House, and the kids have to live in a fortress," he continued. "That's not the America I know." Obama's comments come at a time when the issue of immigration and border security is at the forefront of public debate. The President has been a strong advocate of providing opportunities for immigrants and expanding access to education and healthcare for all Americans, regardless of their background. In his speech, Obama spoke about how he and his wife Michelle have tried to instill in their daughters the importance of hard work and personal responsibility. "We've told them that they can do anything, but that they have to work for it," he said. "We've also told them that they have a responsibility to give back to their community and to make a positive difference in the world." The President also highlighted some of the challenges that his daughters have faced growing up in the public eye. "It's tough being a teenager in general, but it's even tougher when you're under a microscope," he said. "But they have handled it with grace and dignity, and I'm incredibly proud of them." Malia and Sasha Obama are indeed on a path of success. Malia, 13, is currently studying at the prestigious Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles, while Sasha, 10, attends the Sidwell Friends School in Washington, DC. Both girls have shown an interest in social justice issues and have been involved in various community service projects. Reflecting on the future, the President expressed optimism about what lies ahead for his daughters and for the country as a whole. "I'm confident that our best years are still ahead of us," he said. "And I'm confident that my daughters will play a positive role in shaping that future." Obama's comments about his daughters and his vision for a more unified and inclusive America struck a chord with many in the audience. As he left the stage, the President was met with thunderous applause and cheers of support.