article: By . MailOnline Reporter . Serial prankster Stuart Littlefield admits he got what he deserved. The Kansas City detective arrived at work on August 5 to find his police car covered in 4,000 colorful Post-it notes - a gift for this 50th birthday. 'Yup, they got me good this time. This . was supposed to be a low-key birthday,' Littlefield told Fox 4. 'When you're 50, you don't want . anyone to know about it. That kind of blew up in my face.' Scroll down for video . Colorful: Police officers at the Kansas City Kansas Police Department plastered 4,000 Post-it notes on their colleague Stuart Littlefield's car as a birthday prank . Prank: Detective Stuart Littlefield said he was shocked to find his car covered in green, pink, yellow and blue Post-it notes on his 50th birthday on August 5 . Rear view: The pranksters thoughtfully documented their colleague's age (50) on the rear window of his car and filled the vehicle with balloons . In 20 . years of working with the Kansas Police Department, Littlefield admits he's played his fair-share of pranks on unsuspecting colleagues. He said it was fitting they got payback on his birthday. The entire frame of his Ford Taurus was covered in blue, green, yellow and pink sticky notes. 'I have to say that I deserve this,' Littlefield laughed. 'I have always been the guy who stirs the pot within the unit. I'm the first to cause trouble.' He said he doesn't know who was behind the prank, but promised to get them back. 'I deserved it': Stuart Littlefield, a 20-year veteran of the Kansas City, Kansas Police Department, said he is a rebel-rouser and serial prankster . Standard: This is what Stuart Littlefield's Ford Taurus normally looks like .
highlights: Kansas City Detective Stuart Littlefield's colleagues pranked him on his 50th birthday . On August 5, they covered his Ford Taurus with 4,000 colorful Post-it notes . Littlefield said he is a trouble-maker and deserved it .
id: a2953a143253e9948569a2a6dc7dcccc20ccf8dd
chatgpt: Kansas City Detective Stuart Littlefield was in for a big surprise on his 50th birthday. His colleagues, who knew he loved to play pranks, decided to turn the tables on him by covering his Ford Taurus with 4,000 colorful Post-it notes. Littlefield, who has served with the Kansas City Police Department for 22 years, said he was shocked when he walked out of the station to find his car transformed into a giant Post-it note art display. "I couldn't believe it. They got me good," he said. The prank was months in the making, according to Littlefield's colleagues. They spent hours sticking the notes onto the car, carefully arranging them to create patterns and designs. They even wrote messages on some of the notes, wishing Littlefield a happy birthday. Littlefield took the prank in good humor, saying that he deserved it for being a trouble-maker himself. "I've always been one to pull pranks on other people, so it was nice to be on the receiving end for a change," he said. The Post-it note prank quickly went viral on social media, with photos and videos of Littlefield's car garnering thousands of likes and shares. Some people even suggested that the prank should become an annual tradition at the Kansas City Police Department. Littlefield's colleagues said that the prank was a way to show their appreciation for him as a colleague and a friend. "Stuart is such an important part of our team, and we wanted to do something special for him on his 50th birthday," said one of his colleagues. Despite the mess and the hours it will take to remove all the notes, Littlefield said that he wouldn't have it any other way. "This was definitely one of the best birthdays I've ever had," he said.