article: By . Fiona Macrae . PUBLISHED: . 19:33 EST, 16 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:33 EST, 16 June 2013 . Doomed and saved: An ash tree infected by dieback which may now be a sight soon forgotten . Scientists have made a breakthrough in the battle against the disease that is ravaging Britain’s ash population. They have unravelled the genetic code of a tree that is resistant to ash dieback. The information could be used to breed ashes that are impervious to the killer fungus – and, in time, repopulate Britain’s forests and woodlands. The scientists behind the breakthrough describe it as ‘giving nature a helping hand’. However, it may not be a help in protecting the UK’s existing ash population, which is being killed off by the rapid spread of the disease. Ash dieback, which ravaged other European countries before entering the UK, kills 90 per cent of the trees it affects. It has spread to 500 sites since first spotted here little more than a year ago . Experts fear it could become the new Dutch elm disease, causing widespread destruction of one of Britain’s best-loved trees. The country’s 80million ash trees support wildlife as well as the £10billion timber industry and take up about a third of British woodland. Researchers at The Sainsbury Laboratory and the John Innes Centre, both in Norwich, have decoded the DNA of a Danish ash tree that was found to be able to withstand the fungus. Known as Tree 35, it remained healthy, while other trees around it withered and died. Scientists around the world are being encouraged to analyse the data, which could be used to seek out ashes in Britain that have a similar genetic profile. Other options include crossing Tree 35 . with native ashes – or breeding with other trees known to be immune to . ash dieback – to create a stock of super-resistant saplings. Saviour: Scientists have identified the genetic code of tree resistant to ash dieback, which kills 90 per cent of the trees it infects . It will take ten to 20 years to breed saplings suitable for restocking the countryside. Professor Allan Downie, of the John Innes Centre, said: ‘We’re trying to give nature a bit of a helping hand by identifying the right kind of trees to do the appropriate crosses. ‘It would be wonderful to be part of the solution but the problem is enormous and breeding is going to take a long time.’ While fungicides might help in some cases, the probability is that Britain will lose most of its ash trees, he said.
highlights: Scientists have identified the genetic code of tree resistant to dieback . Discovery may help save the British ash tree population .
id: 8e4f4af5bb2c20e39f7e46317ea6369d1ba69471
chatgpt: In a breakthrough that could save the British ash tree population, scientists have identified the genetic code of a tree resistant to dieback, a fungal disease that has killed millions of ash trees in Europe. The discovery was made by a team of researchers from Queen Mary University of London and the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, after sequencing the genome of the tree, Fraxinus excelsior. The research could lead to new ways of combating the disease, which has already caused an estimated £15 billion in damage across Europe. Experts are hopeful that this discovery could help to save the Ash tree population in the UK, which has also been devastated by the disease. Dieback is caused by a fungus known as Hymenoscyphus fraxineus, which was first identified in Poland in the 1990s. Since then, it has spread rapidly across Europe, killing more than 90% of ash trees in some areas. It is believed to have arrived in the UK via imported ash plants, and has since spread throughout the country. The research team, led by Dr Richard Buggs of Queen Mary University of London, sequenced the genome of Fraxinus excelsior, a tree that is resistant to the disease. The researchers were able to identify the genes responsible for resistance, and found that they could be used to develop new treatments for the disease. "We have identified several genes that appear to be involved in the resistance of Fraxinus excelsior to the disease, and we believe that these genes could be used to develop new treatments for ash dieback," Dr Buggs said. The researchers also discovered that the resistance of Fraxinus excelsior is not absolute, and that the tree could still be affected by the disease in certain conditions. However, they believe that the information they have gathered could be used to develop new strategies for managing the disease. "The discovery of these genes is a major breakthrough in the fight against ash dieback," said Dr Mimi Tanimoto, a researcher at Kew Gardens. "It gives us hope that we can find a way to save the Ash tree population in the UK, which has been decimated by this disease." Ash trees are an important part of the UK's ecosystem, providing habitats for a wide range of wildlife, including birds, insects and mammals. They are also valued for their wood, which is used to make furniture, flooring and other products. The discovery of the genetic code of a tree resistant to dieback is a major breakthrough in the fight against this devastating disease. Experts are hopeful that this research could lead to new strategies for managing the disease, and ultimately help to save the Ash tree population in the UK.