article: By . Chris Parsons . PUBLISHED: . 04:23 EST, 22 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:40 EST, 22 May 2012 . It has the softer skin and texture of a pear, but anyone who bites into this fruit in for a surprise. New Zealand fruit experts have unveiled their latest fruit hybrid creation on its way to the UK - an apple-like fruit which looks like a pear. The rounded fleshy fruit described as a pear disguised as an apple has yet to be given an official name, though some have inevitably dubbed the creation the 'papple'. Apple in disguise: The 'papple' has to softer appearance of a pear, but apparently tastes like an apple . Marks and Spencer say the New Zealand-grown papples will go on sale for £1 each . The papple, which is officially a member of the pear family, will go on sale in the UK next week at Marks and Spencer. Fruit buyers used to the price of apples and pears may baulk at the value of papples however, as the novelty products will cost £1 each when they hit the shelves. The papple is the latest hybrid fruit creation to hit British supermarkets. Last year garden centres took stock of the 'pineberry' - a white strawberry-like fruit said to have the tropical taste of a pineapple. And earlier last year a Washington-based fruit grower unveiled the 'grapple', a fruit which looked and crunched like a regular apple, but tasted like a grape. The phenonenom for fruit tampering has even spread further afield, with Israeli horticulturalists creating a 'black galaxy' crossbreed of tomato which had almost-black skin. The papple is being referred to as T109 until its official name is decided, a spokeswoman said. M&S fruit expert Shazad Rehman said: 'This is one of the most exciting new varieties of fruit we have seen for several years. 'We know our customers like to try new and interesting fruit and we hope this will be something they will really enjoy.' T109 is grown in New Zealand and is a cross between European and Asian pear varieties, which resulted in a fruit similar to an apple, the retailer said. Mr Rehman said: 'It’s got a lovely refreshing taste, perfect for snacking on, and a fun alternative to an apple a day.' M&S hopes to grow the pear in the UK from 2015.
highlights: Hybrid fruit tastes like an apple but has skin and texture of a pear . Experts hope to grow fruit in UK from 2015 .
id: 71215153be2afad9eab66430c2b0e0d9b6b9e04d
chatgpt: A new hybrid fruit has been discovered that is said to taste like an apple but has the skin and texture of a pear. The fruit could be ready for distribution in the UK as early as 2015, say experts. The new fruit is a cross between an apple and a pear, and has been dubbed the “pearple”, due to its unique characteristics. It is said to have the crisp, refreshing flavor of an apple, combined with the soft, juicy texture of a pear. Experts hope that this new fruit will become popular with consumers, as it offers a unique taste experience that is not currently available in other fruits. They also believe that the pearple has the potential to become a major export for the UK, as it could be grown easily in the country’s climate. Currently, most of the apples and pears consumed in the UK are imported from other countries, such as Spain, France, and Italy. This is due to the fact that the UK climate is not suitable for growing apples and pears on a large scale. However, the pearple could change this, as it is able to grow in the UK’s cooler climate. This means that farmers could grow the fruit domestically, providing a source of fresh produce for UK consumers and reducing the country’s reliance on imported fruit. Scientists have been working on developing the pearple for years, and the fruit is now in the final stages of development. It is expected that the fruit will be available in supermarkets and other retailers from 2015. The pearple is not the only new fruit to be developed in recent years. Other hybrids, such as the pluot (a cross between a plum and an apricot), and the tangelo (a cross between a tangerine and a grapefruit), have also become popular with consumers. However, the pearple is expected to be the most popular of all the hybrids, due to its unique taste and texture. It is also expected to be more affordable than other hybrid fruits, as it can be grown domestically in the UK. Experts are optimistic about the future of the pearple, and believe that it will be a game-changer for the UK fruit industry. They hope that the fruit will be embraced by consumers, and that it will become a regular part of UK diets in the years to come.