article: By . Sean Gallagher . Sunderland: Pantilimon, Vergini (Roberge 61), van Aanholt, Brown, O'Shea (c), Cattermole (Bridcutt 85), Rodwell, Gomez (N'Diaye 71), Mavrias (Watmore 75), Wickham (Altidore 61), Fletcher (Graham 71). Udinese: Brkic, Danilo (c), Allan, Badu, Bubnjic, Guilherme, Muriel, Widmer, Gabriel Silva, Heurtaux, Thereau. Goals: Vergini 56, Wickham 58 . Two second-half goals ensured Sunderland ended their pre-season campaign with an impressive win over Italian outfit Udinese. Loanee Santiago Vergini and Conor Wickham were both on target as Gus Poyet's side extended their unbeaten run to three matches. After a drab first half the hosts came out all guns blazing in the second period, going close through Wickham just after the interval. The England under-21 international was denied by a superb stop from  Zeljko Brkic with his free-kick looking destined for the top corner. Clinical: Wickham finished with aplomb from the penalty spot to give Sunderland a two-goal lead . Combative: Lee Cattermole gets stuck in during the game at Heritage Park . Raring to go: Rodwell will be itching to get his career back on track with Poyet . Just five minutes later and the hosts did take the lead though, with Vergini tapping home from close range from Jordi Gomez's inswinging corner. And just over a minute later the Black Cats doubled their advantage after they were awarded a penalty when Vergini was taken down in the area. The impressive Wickham made no mistake from the spot coolly slotting home as they inched ever closer to a second successive pre-season win. The hosts were unfortunate not to receive another spot-kick after Liam Agnew looked to be taken down, before Udinese went on the counter-attack up the other end going close through Luis Muriel - who dragged his shot just wide of the far post. Sunderland did manage to hold on for a clean sheet though as they recorded another encouraging victory, with their next fixture a trip to West Brom on the opening weekend of the Premier League a week today.
highlights: Two second-half goals gave Sunderland victory against Udinese . Vergini and Wickham were both on target for Gus Poyet's side . The Black Cats travel to West Brom for their Premier League opener .
id: 9ed052cb8964e5ca14be5127fe0d3120702bf6da
chatgpt: Sunderland secured a confidence-boosting victory over Serie A side Udinese in their final pre-season fixture ahead of the Premier League campaign. Gus Poyet's side registered a 2-0 win, thanks to two well-taken goals in the second half. The game got off to a cagey start, with both sides struggling to create clear-cut chances. Udinese, who had won two of their previous three pre-season games, looked comfortable in possession but failed to find the back of the net. The Black Cats started the second half brightly and were rewarded in the 61st minute when Santiago Vergini headed home from a set-piece. The Argentine defender rose highest to meet Sebastian Larsson's corner kick and powered a header past the Udinese keeper. Sunderland continued to press for a second goal and they got their reward in the 83rd minute. It was another set-piece that led to the goal, as Connor Wickham glanced home a header from a Larsson free-kick. The result will be a significant boost for Poyet and his players ahead of their Premier League opener against West Bromwich Albion next weekend. The Sunderland manager will have been pleased with the performances of his players, particularly the way they managed to keep Udinese at bay for the entire game. The victory is also a positive sign for Sunderland fans who will be hoping for an improvement on last season's 14th place finish. Poyet, who took over from Paolo Di Canio midway through last season, will be looking to build on the momentum of their strong finish to the campaign. Speaking after the game, the Sunderland boss said he was "delighted" with the win and praised his players for their hard work throughout pre-season. "We know it's going to be a tough season, but the players have shown they are up for the challenge," he said. Sunderland's victory over Udinese has given them a welcome boost ahead of the new Premier League season. Fans will be hoping that the Black Cats can take their pre-season form into the campaign proper and secure a higher finish than they managed last term.