article: By . Chris Kitching . A row over jaw-dropping prices near major attractions in Rome has resurfaced after a group of enraged US tourists complained to the police about being charged £10 for ice cream. Americans James and Marian Luciani and a friend were left with a bad taste in their mouths when they were handed an eye-watering £33 bill for just three ice creams and a bottle of water in Bar Il Caffe, just steps from the famed Trevi Fountain. The shocked travellers paid the full amount and returned the following day with police, but their grievance was put on ice when staff produced a menu confirming the price was £10 per ice cream. Scroll down for video . A cafe near Rome's Trevi Fountain charged a group of American tourists £10 per bowl of ice cream . After falling victim to the profiteering cafe, Luciani told The Local: ‘We'd just paid 59 euros for our entire dinner, including a litre of wine, and then were charged 42 euros for gelato! ‘We've been careful in watching out for pickpockets in Rome, but I never thought I would get scammed here.’ A manager defended the cafe’s prices and blamed the Americans for any misunderstanding. World famous: Ice cream is a popular treat for visitors who flock to The Eternal City . It appears the Lucianis are not the only ones who have chilly feelings about Bar Il Caffe. The corner spot has received more than two dozen negative reviews from angry tourists, who claim they were overcharged for pizza, beer, wine and ice cream. Reviews on TripAdvisor warn fellow travellers not to step foot inside the business. The Lucianis'  lesson is one that many visitors learn in The Eternal City: When in Rome, double-check the price of everything and be mindful of where you order your food or drink at a cafe. Prices are often far less for customers who order while standing at the bar. Many tourists have horror stories about being charged substantially more for ordering while seated at a table. Freeze: Local police officers accompanied the unhappy tourists to the cafe but they had no case . Last year, Rome’s mayor apologised to four tourists from Stourbridge in the West Midlands after they were charged an astonishing £12 each for ice cream cones near the famous Spanish Steps in the city centre. The tourists were backed by a local councillor who called for a clampdown on restaurants or cafes charging extortionate prices to unsuspecting tourists, and a consumer group requested an investigation into the ‘fraud’. A few months later, a group of Italian tourists were charged £85 for four liqueur coffees after they sat down to take in the vistas around the famous St Mark's Square. The bill included a charge of £33 for a five-musician string ensemble who were playing at the cafe.
highlights: Couple and friend paid £10 each for a bowl of ice cream near Trevi Fountain . Manager defended prices and blamed visitors for any misunderstanding . Four Brits received an apology after being charged £12 per cone last year .
id: d576174444ed64406b77f6323f117f44aa59860d
chatgpt: A couple and their friend received a shocking surprise when they sat down for a bowl of ice cream near the iconic Trevi Fountain in Rome. They were charged a whopping £10 each for a single bowl of ice cream, leaving them feeling taken aback and outraged. The group was expecting to pay a few euros at most, particularly as the menu listed a number of items considerably cheaper than their ice cream. When questioned on the high price of the ice cream, the manager at the establishment defended the pricing, saying that it was all clearly displayed on the menu and that visitors should be aware of the costs of dining in such a tourist location. The manager explained that the cost of doing business in such a prime location was incredibly high and that the restaurant charged accordingly in order to make a profit. However, this is not the first time that tourists have been caught off guard by high prices in the area. Last year, a group of four British tourists were charged £12 for a single ice cream cone, sparking outrage and negative headlines across the country. The manager of the restaurant apologized to the Brits, stating that there had been a misunderstanding and that the staff had not realized how expensive the item was. Despite the apology, however, the incident highlights a growing trend of tourists being charged high prices for food and drink in popular tourist destinations. While some argue that it is up to the visitors to educate themselves on local pricing and shop around for the best deals, others argue that this is an unfair burden to put on travelers who may be unfamiliar with the area or language. In response to the recent ice cream incident, many people have taken to social media to express their shock and anger at the high prices charged by businesses in the Trevi Fountain area. Some have even called for a boycott of the establishment in question, arguing that the prices are exploitative and unethical. Despite the controversy, however, there is little evidence that such incidents will stop anytime soon. With the number of tourists visiting Rome on the rise each year, businesses in the area are competing fiercely for a slice of the tourist dollar, and many seem willing to charge high prices in order to do so. While visitors to the Trevi Fountain area would do well to be aware of the pricing practices of local businesses, it remains to be seen whether the pressure from outraged tourists will be enough to force change in the industry. Until then, travelers are advised to be cautious when dining in tourist locations and to always check prices carefully before ordering.