article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 11:46 EST, 26 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:51 EST, 27 July 2012 . A witness told Cannock Coroner's Court that a pheasant flew out from a hedgerow and hit Mr Johnson's head and neck . A motorcyclist was killed in a freak accident after he was knocked off his bike by a flying pheasant. Musician Matthew Johnson, 32, was thrown off balance when the bird flew out from a near-side hedge and hit the side of his helmet. An inquest heard it is likely Mr Johnson was hit by his Kawasaki bike, which he bought in 2010, as it 'cartwheeled' down the road before plunging into nearby trees. He was riding under the 60mph speed limit and had not been drinking. He had left his work at Stafford College and was travelling towards Hilderstone at the time of the accident on December 29 last year. The college tutor died at the scene on the B5066 Sandon Road near Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, from multiple injuries. The impact of the collision was such that Mr Johnson's helmet visor was found embedded in the dead bird further along the road. Passing cyclist David Stonier told Cannock Coroner's Court an 'explosion of feathers' shielded his view of the accident after he saw the pheasant shoot out of a hedgerow into Mr Johnson's head. Mr Stonier found him lying in a ditch and two passers-by tried to resuscitate him. Recording a verdict of accidental death, coroner Andrew Haigh said: 'This really is an unfortunate combination of events coming together. 'This is a tragic accident.' Members of Mr Johnson's family told the inquest they believed he had hit a manhole to lose control of his bike. Sister Vicky Johnson-Phillips, 36, said: 'Bikers do seem to have a bad reputation but this goes to show he was doing everything right and none of this was his fault. 'He was the most genuine person I have ever known.' Mr Johnson's friend of 12 years, Nathan James, 35, said: 'I have lost my best friend. He was an amazing guy. 'The inquest has shown that he didn’t simply lose control of his bike.' Matthew Johnson, of Waverton Road, Bentilee, was a talented musician well-known in the area's arts scene. He also taught percussion to year 11 students at Brownhills Academy, Stoke-on-Trent. He won the BBC talent show Get Your Act Together in 1999 as part of teenage band Marlo when he was 19 years old.
highlights: Matthew Johnson, 32, thrown off balance when pheasant flew out from hedgerow . Talented musician and college tutor died at the scene from multiple injuries . Mr Johnson's visor was found embedded in the dead bird further down the road .
id: 3c08a06ede5b98b02ff0e8743564596572dfa450
chatgpt: Tragedy struck yesterday on a quiet country road when Matthew Johnson, a 32-year-old talented musician and college tutor lost his life in a freak accident. As he was driving his motorcycle, a pheasant suddenly flew out from a nearby hedgerow, leaving Mr. Johnson thrown off balance and unable to avoid a collision.  Despite wearing protective gear, Mr. Johnson suffered from multiple injuries that proved to be fatal. Emergency services rushed to the scene, but unfortunately, they were unable to save his life. He died instantly upon impact.  The event has come as a total shock to Mr. Johnson's colleagues, friends, and family, who describe him as passionate, kind-hearted, and a true inspiration to those he taught. His students often praised his patience, creativity and his ability to connect with them on a personal level.  Stunned witnesses attest to the fact that the accident occurred within seconds, leaving Mr. Johnson with no chance to react. It is unclear if the pheasant flew into the motorcycle or if Mr. Johnson hit the animal, but it became evident that the bird was in some way involved in the accident as Mr. Johnson's visor was found embedded in the dead bird further down the road.  Mr. Johnson's death is a stark reminder that unexpected events can occur when driving, even in rural areas where no other vehicles are around. His passing has left a void in the local music and teaching communities, with many expressing their deepest condolences to his family during this difficult time.  The tragedy also highlights the importance of always wearing protective gear when riding a motorcycle. According to statistics, motorcyclists are significantly more likely to be involved in a fatal accident than drivers of other vehicles. That's why it is crucial to always wear a helmet, gloves, and other protective gear to mitigate the risks associated with riding a motorcycle.  In the aftermath of the accident, the local authorities have urged drivers to remain vigilant and cautious when driving in rural areas. Wild animals may pose unexpected and hazardous risks that could lead to a similar incident. It is advisable to approach such areas with caution and slow down if necessary.  In conclusion, it is with deep regret that we report Matthew Johnson's untimely passing. His legacy as a musician and educator will undoubtedly live on, and his passing serves as a sobering reminder of the risks that come with riding a motorcycle. Our deepest sympathies and condolences go out to Matthew's family, friends, and colleagues at this time.