article: Midfielder Kevin De Bruyne believes a patient approach will be the key to Belgium's World Cup success after they came from behind to beat Algeria 2-1 in their Group H opener. The Belgians trailed 1-0 at half-time in Tuesday's match after Algeria's Sofiane Feghouli converted a penalty, but they hit back with substitutes Marouane Fellaini and Dries Mertens scoring in the second half in Belo Horizonte. 'The first half was very difficult because Algeria played well,' De Bruyne said. 'We had more spaces in the second half and we worked better to take the win. We were patient, which is something important in these types of games.' VIDEO Scroll down to watch Dries Mertens talk after netting winner against Algeria . Confident: Kevin De Bruyne (left) say Belgium knew they would beat Algeria after the pulled back to 1-1 . Heading for a win: Marouanne Fellaini climbs to score for Belgium as pull level against Algeria on Tuesday . Super sub: Marouane Fellaini came off the bench to make it 1-1 in Belgium's game against Algeria . Belgium coach Marc Wilmots said he had to lift his team's morale at half-time. 'The players seemed like beaten men in the dressing room,' he said. 'But I told them that I was sure that we would score eventually.' Wilmots made two crucial substitutions, bringing in goalscorers Fellaini and Mertens in the second half. 'The substitutions I made injected a bit of pace, which changed the game after the break,' he said. De Bruyne was voted man of the match.The Wolfsburg midfielder, formerly of Chelsea, set up Fellaini for his team's equaliser before making a key tackle to start a counter-attack that led to Belgium's winner. 'Once we got the draw, I knew that we would be able to score again and win the game,' he told L'Equipe. De Bruyne knows that a lot of people are picking Belgium to top the group but he does not want to think about that prospect. Bullet finish: Dries Mertens scores the winner for Belgium against Algeria on Tuesday . Sealed with a kiss: Dries Mertens celebrates his winning goal as Belgium battle back against Algeria . 'There is a lot of expectation on us,' said the 22-year-old. 'But we prefer to take it one game at a time. Now we will prepare in the best possible way for our next rival which is Russia. Then we will take on South Korea before we focus on the next round.' Belgium take on Russia on Sunday at the Maracana stadium. Russia drew 1-1 against the South Koreans in Tuesday's other Group H game. Algeria coach Vahid Halilhodzic was disappointed with his team's loss but proud of their effort. 'I told my players that they should not be ashamed of the result,' he said. 'We came close to achieving something great. We weren't far away from pulling off an upset. We are disappointed but we cannot cry.' The result left Algeria at the foot of the standings. VIDEO City Guide: Belo Horizonte .
highlights: Belgium trailed 1-0 before goals from Marouane Fellaini and Dries Mertens . Marc Wilmots told his side at half time that they would score . Belgium now face Russia in their next World Cup game on Sunday .
id: fc6e1720accaf1ebac7b0c0a5806eb55fc18c639
chatgpt: In a thrilling game at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, Belgium battled back from a 1-0 deficit to secure a hard-fought victory over Algeria at the Estadio Mineirao in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. Belgium's manager, Marc Wilmots, was confident of his team's chances despite a rusty start that saw Algeria take an early lead through a Sofiane Feghouli penalty kick. Determined to get his team back in the game, Wilmots rallied his troops at halftime and told them they would find the back of the net. Belgium's talismanic midfielder, Marouane Fellaini, proved Wilmots right just seven minutes into the second half. He scored a towering header from a Kevin De Bruyne cross to level the scores at 1-1. It was a crucial goal that changed the momentum of the game and energized the Belgian fans in the stadium. Dries Mertens then put Belgium ahead in the 80th minute with a spectacular goal from outside the box. The Napoli winger cut inside from the right and unleashed a ferocious shot that flew past the outstretched arms of Algeria's goalkeeper Rais Mbolhi. It was a stunning strike that sealed the victory for Belgium and sent their fans into raptures. The Belgian players, especially goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois, were also pivotal in securing the win. Courtois pulled off some crucial saves to keep Algeria at bay and ensure that Belgium held on to their lead. Overall, it was a hard-fought win for Belgium, who had to dig deep to overcome an Algerian side that pushed them all the way. After the game, Wilmots praised his team's resilience and fighting spirit, saying, "We showed character and we have quality in the team. You could see that every time we got the ball forward, we posed a threat to their defence. I'm happy with the win, but we still have a lot of work to do." With this win, Belgium now tops Group H and will face Russia in their next World Cup game on Sunday. They will be hoping to build on their performance against Algeria and continue their quest for glory in Brazil. Meanwhile, Algeria will have to pick themselves up quickly as they prepare for their next match against South Korea on Sunday. They will rue the missed opportunity to secure a point against one of the tournament favorites, but they can take heart from their spirited display against Belgium.  Overall, it was a thrilling encounter between two teams eager to make a mark at the biggest stage in world football. Belgians will now be hoping their team will keep the momentum going and make it to the knockout stages of the tournament.