article: With their thick beards, stern warrior-like features and sculpted torsos, they are models of manliness. But now the 2,500-year old Riace Bronzes have lost a little of their masculine dignity- after they were dressed up in a pink feather boa and a leopard print thong. The ancient Greek warrior statues, one of Italy’s most revered archaeological discoveries, were found at the bottom of the sea in 1972, and recently went on display after a lengthy restoration. Controversial: The 2,500-year old Riace Bronzes, one of which is pictured left in its usual state, lost a little of their masculine dignity- after they were dressed up in a pink feather boa and white veil, right . Photographer Gerald Bruneau, pictured kneeling down, lines up a picture of one of an ancient statue given a white veil makeover and holding a bunch of flowers . But their exhibition in a museum in Southern Italy has proved divisive after a photographer dressed the towering and life-like statues in a white tulle veil, fuchsia boa and leopard print underwear. French photographer Gerald Bruneau, a protegee of Andy Warhol, said the provocative gesture was a jokey comment on the gay marriage debate. He said: 'Down in the south of Italy the men are very macho and conservative and are very upset by the idea of gay marriage. But the ancient Greeks had no problem with homosexuality.' 'Some people will be scandalised but it was supposed to be joyful and reflect the times.' He says he was given permission to shoot the warriors in a veil but then spotted the other items at market stall. Simonetta Binomi, head of Reggio Calabria's National Archaeological Museum, said the photos were 'terrible' and 'in bad taste'. Makeover: French photographer Gerald Bruneau sparked outrage when he dressed the towering and life-like statues (such as the one pictured right) in a white tulle veil (left) Simonetta Binomi, head of Reggio Calabria's National Archaeological Museum, said the photos (left and right) were 'terrible' and 'in bad taste' French photographer Gerald Bruneau, a protegee of Andy Warhol, says the provocative gesture was a jokey comment on the gay marriage debate . She said permission had been given to Bruneau because an earlier shoot with a veil had been done tastefully but they were unaware of the controversial attire. The realistic warriors, one old and one younger, date from the 5th Century BC.They were discovered by a holiday-maker who, when diving, saw an arm sticking out of the seabed off the Italian coast. They are extremely fragile state and have just been restored so the prospect of someone with no expertise touching and dressing the statues raises concerns about how well they are being cared for. A local politician has now demanded a judicial inquiry. Politician Ignazio Messina of the conservative Italy of Values party said: ‘It cannot be art if it mocks a cultural treasure.’
highlights: Ancient Riace Bronze statues given controversial makeover for photo shoot . 2,500-year-old Greek warrior statues were found in 1972 at bottom of sea . They have gone on display in Southern Italy after a lengthy restoration . French photographer Gerald Bruneau dressed figures in boa, thong and veil . Andy Warhol protegee says gesture was comment on gay marriage debate .
id: bf056e5bede53cb9cf0c310f1ce51c635ee6b764
chatgpt: The ancient Riace Bronze statues, two 2,500-year-old Greek warrior figures, have caused a stir recently after being given a controversial makeover by French photographer Gerald Bruneau. The statues, which were discovered at the bottom of the sea in 1972, have gone on display in Southern Italy after a lengthy restoration, but it was their new attire that caught the attention of many visitors. Mr. Bruneau, who has previously gained notoriety for his avant-garde photo shoots, dressed the figures in various pieces of clothing and accessories, including a feathered boa, a thong, and a veil, among others. While some have applauded the move as a creative and thought-provoking gesture, others have criticized it as a disrespectful and inappropriate alteration of historical artifacts. The photographer defended his actions, however, and stated that the intention was to make a comment on the ongoing debate surrounding gay marriage. Bruneau, who considers himself an Andy Warhol protegee, argued that art should be provocative and push boundaries, and that the statues provided the perfect canvas for his message. Despite the controversy, many have still flocked to see the ancient Riace Bronze statues on display. After spending many years undergoing extensive restoration, the figures are now considered one of the most impressive examples of ancient Greek sculpture known to exist, with their intricate details and lifelike poses still stunning viewers today. The statues, which were discovered by chance by a group of amateur scuba divers in 1972, were initially thought to have been the work of the famous Greek sculptor Phidias. However, further research revealed that they were likely created by two different artists who lived around 450-460 BCE, likely in the city of Taranto in southern Italy. After their discovery, the statues were taken to the National Archaeological Museum of Reggio Calabria, where they were placed on public display. However, years of exposure to saltwater and other elements had taken their toll on the figures, causing significant damage and deterioration. It was not until 1980 that the decision was made to undertake a major restoration effort, which lasted well over a decade. Despite the challenges involved in restoring such old and fragile artifacts, the effort was deemed a success, and the statues have now been returned to their original glory. The new controversy surrounding their recent makeover is just one more chapter in the fascinating story of the ancient Riace Bronze statues, and one that is sure to be debated for years to come.