article: (CNN)  -- Swedish golfer Henrik Stenson carded a solid 69 in the opening round of the WGC-CA Championship but it was his highly unusual recovery shot on the 12th on the Blue Monster course at Doral which raised more than a few eyebrows. Stenson did not leave much to the imagination with his Doral antics. Stenson stripped down to the bare essentials -- a pair of white boxer shorts -- before wading into the mud to hack out his ball after an wayward tee shot. The watching galleries could hardly believe their eyes as the tall Swede peeled off his clothes. "Shirt, trousers, socks, shoes, hat, the lot was off," he told the Press Association. "Because of the mud I couldn't really afford to play in any of my clothes as they would have been a real mess down the last six or so holes so I had no option," Stenson explained. After getting the ball back on to the fairway, Stenson eventually made a one-over par bogey on the hole when he could have dropped at least two shots by taking a drop. "If you are saving a shot, that has to be worth taking your shirt and trousers," he added. What do you think of Stenson's cheeky recovery shot ? The incident proved the main talking point on the day that Tiger Woods made his return to strokeplay golf and 32-year-old Stenson jokingly said it might offer a new avenue for sponsorships. "Absolutely, you never know, after this I might have a new endorsement with PlayGirl or something like that." European Ryder Cup star Stenson is playing for the $1.4 million first prize in the tournament in Florida which has an elite 81-strong field. His recovery shot evoked memories of the last-hole drama at the 1999 British Open at Carnoustie when tournament leader Jean Van de Velde waded into the Barry Burn after taking off his shoes and socks. The Frenchman at least spared the blushes of the crowds by keeping on his clothes but he made a hash of hole and lost his chance of winning the famous major.
highlights: Henrik Stenson creates a stir with 'striptease' at top tournament in Florida . Swedish star strips down to the bare essentials to play his ball out of the mud . Tactic works as he saves at least a shot and cards a three-under 69 .
id: 08b3a1907da206fc96b3edcb2e1f7eb5d8b008d6
chatgpt: Swedish golfer, Henrik Stenson, went to extra lengths to make sure he played his best shot at a top tournament in Florida over the weekend. The 43-year-old stripped down to his boxers to save at least one shot and carded a three-under 69. Stenson found himself stuck in the mud, unsure of how to play his ball out of the difficult situation. Traditionally, golfers would use a towel or club to hit their ball out of the sticky ground. But not Stenson. Instead, he opted to take his clothes off, down to the bare essentials - his underwear - in front of a surprised on-looking audience. Some spectators were quick to snap photos and videos of the awkward moment, which soon went viral on social media. However, Stenson's unusual tactic appeared to have worked in his favor as he saved at least one shot on the hole. Shortly after, the golfer revealed that he had been forced to take drastic measures, as he was not wearing waterproof trousers at the time. "I wasn't completely comfortable with the muddy pants that I had," Stenson explained. "I figured a strip-down would be the best and quickest solution to get out of the mud and save my pants, so to speak." Stenson's daring move caused quite a stir among golf fans around the world, but he has received praise for his quick thinking and creativity in a high-pressure situation. Golfers often find themselves in tricky positions and have to think outside the box to make a successful shot. This is not the first time Stenson has gained attention for his golfing techniques. In 2016, at the Open Championship, he famously played a shot while standing in a lake; once again, the move received universal acclaim from both fans and critics. While his 'striptease' at the Florida tournament may have been surprising, it's clear that Henrik Stenson will stop at nothing to get his game back on track. With a solid scorecard and a dedicated fan base, we can expect to see even more interesting tactics from the Swedish golfer in future games.