article: By . Sam Parkhouse . PUBLISHED: . 16:11 EST, 13 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:11 EST, 13 July 2013 . 'Scrummy': Soprano Laura Wright has hit back at comments that classical singers are too thin . ‘Scrummy Soprano’ Laura Wright yesterday launched a war of words with Dame Kiri te Kanawa, describing her recent comments about singers being too thin as ‘stupid’. Dame Kiri, 69, stirred controversy last month when she said of young singers: ‘Sometimes they’re more beautiful than their voice, and that’s a bit of a sadness.’ She added: ‘When I was at the Met [in New York], I would see these young girls, starving hungry but terrified to put on weight. ‘They couldn’t even go down to the canteen and eat in front of anyone because they were being watched. ‘You have got to have beef on you if you’re going to sing.’ Laura, 23, who has sung for the Queen six times in the past year, said: ‘It is so stupid she has highlighted body stuff. ‘I find it strange that she is commenting on girls’ figures.’ ‘She pointed out sexualisation of young women in the classical industry and that frustrates me. ‘I just received my first-class degree at the Royal College of Music and at no point in my four-year course did my figure come into it. ‘For me it is about being healthy, I’m not thin or enormous, but just a sporty shape. I look after my vocal muscles and my other muscles as well and I don’t feel the pressure to diet to go on stage thin.’ The divas’ disagreement comes as both women take to the stage tonight in the last of the Coronation Jubilee Festival Gala evenings at Buckingham Palace. Wright’s reaction to Kiri’s comments are in stark contrast to Welsh star Katherine Jenkins conciliatory attitude about Dame Kiri’s scathing comments about ‘crossover’ singers such as herself. Dame Kiri told The Radio Times in May when Katherine’s name was mentioned: ‘We should talk about serious classical singers if you want to stick to the subject.’ Controversy: Dame Kiri Te Kanawa, pictured performing at the Coronation festival, has said modern young singers are 'more beautiful than their voice' Ms Jenkins, 33, who will also perform tonight, said: ‘I don’t think Dame Kiri ever says these things. I think she’s been misquoted, as is so often the case. ‘When I met her, she was a lovely person, so I’m going to ignore it.’ Meanwhile, Ms Wright has revealed that some of her tutors at the Royal College of Music believed that her heavy concert schedule would be a distraction from her studies. Despite her outstanding academic success, Laura added: ‘Some tutors at the College disagreed with what I have been doing and haven’t been supportive.’
highlights: Dame Kiri Te Kanawa said young singers cared too much about appearance . But soprano Laura Wright dismissed her comments as 'stupid'
id: f57e27b9929af3146727cee304e3f6abbae9f179
chatgpt: Dame Kiri Te Kanawa, a celebrated soprano from New Zealand, recently caused a stir in the music world when she criticized young singers for focusing too much on their appearance. In an interview with The Guardian, she expressed her concerns about the industry, saying that singers today are obsessed with how they look rather than how they sound. According to Dame Kiri, young singers are spending too much time on their hair, makeup, and outfits, and not enough time on developing their vocal skills. She believes that this is a major problem in the industry and that it is contributing to a decline in the quality of performances. However, not everyone agrees with Dame Kiri's views. One young soprano, Laura Wright, has dismissed her comments as "stupid". Laura, who has performed with the likes of Alfie Boe and Andrea Bocelli, believes that appearance is an important part of being a performer. In a statement to the press, Laura said, "I think it's ridiculous to say that young singers care too much about their appearance. In this day and age, image is everything, and if you don't look the part, you won't get the part. Of course, singing ability is important, but so is your stage presence and overall presentation." Laura's comments have sparked a debate within the industry, with some people agreeing with Dame Kiri and others defending Laura's perspective. Many have pointed out that the music industry has always been appearance-focused, and that this is nothing new. However, others argue that Dame Kiri has a point, and that young singers should focus more on their vocal abilities rather than their appearance. They believe that if singers prioritize their singing skills, they will be able to achieve greater success and recognition later on, even without a flashy appearance. Despite the differing opinions, one thing is clear: the world of opera and classical music is constantly evolving, and what worked in the past may not necessarily work today. Singers must be able to adapt to changing trends and expectations in order to succeed. As for Dame Kiri and Laura, they both have impressive careers and have achieved great acclaim in the industry. It remains to be seen whether their differing views on appearance and singing will have any impact on the industry as a whole. But one thing is for sure: this debate is far from over.