article: Any Manchester United move to resign Gerard Pique is likely to be scuppered by pop star Shakira. The Barcelona defender's partner does not want to leave the Catalan city for Manchester. And any move would represent a huge upheaval for the showbiz couple's family. Pique is unhappy on the Nou Camp sidelines after a spell out of the team thanks to new signing Jeremy Mathieu. Gerard Pique, in action against APOEL, will not be moving back to Manchester United . Pique (right) and girlfriend Shakira watch the FIBA Basketball World Cup in Barcelona earlier this month . Pique (centre) signs for Manchester United in 2004 alongside Sir Alex Ferguson (right) and David Gill . Reports in Spain indicate Pique could be set for a return to Old Trafford, while Louis van Gaal's need for defenders is well documented after an appalling start to the season. But Pique was heartened by Barca boss Luis Enrique's praise this week. The former Nou Camp midfielder said: 'Pique's attitude is great, he's optimistic, working hard. His hip problem has been solved, he's ready to help us.' But Pique has not been in contact with United, where he left for Barcelona in 2008. Pique has known Old Trafford boss Van Gaal since he was 13, with the Dutchman knowing the defender's grandfather. Like our Manchester United Facebook page. Shakira and Pique pucker up courtside during the Basketball World Cup match between Slovenia and USA . Shakira and Pique look in good spirits as they enjoy the Basketball World Cup .
highlights: Barcelona defender Gerard Pique is unhappy at being left out of the team . Reports in Spain linked Pique with a return to Manchester United in January . Pique's partner Shakira does not want to leave Barcelona for Manchester .
id: f8217415ba62bebc2e575dbb4fee2df3463c4cec
chatgpt: Barcelona defender Gerard Pique has expressed his unhappiness at being left out of the team in recent games. The Spanish center-back has been an integral part of the Barcelona squad for many years, but it appears that his role may be diminishing under new coach Ronald Koeman. Reports in Spanish media have linked Pique with a potential return to former club Manchester United in the January transfer window. Pique spent four years at Old Trafford earlier in his career, and it's believed that he could be keen to move back to England. However, there could be a major obstacle to any potential deal. Pique's partner, Colombian singer Shakira, is reportedly not keen on the idea of leaving Barcelona for Manchester. Shakira has been based in Spain with the couple's children for several years, and may not be willing to uproot her family. It remains to be seen what Pique's future holds, but if he does leave Barcelona in search of more playing time, Manchester United could be a viable option. United have struggled defensively this season, and Pique's experience and leadership could be a valuable asset to the team. That being said, Barcelona may not be willing to let Pique go without a fight. The club's president, Joan Laporta, recently stated that he wants to keep Pique at the club for as long as possible. Laporta believes that Pique still has a lot to offer Barcelona, both on and off the pitch. Ultimately, the decision will likely come down to Pique and his family. If Shakira is not willing to leave Barcelona, Pique may have no choice but to stay put. However, if United can convince both Pique and Shakira that a return to Manchester is the right move, we could see Pique back in the red of United sooner rather than later.