article: It seems Francesco Totti woke up on the wrong side of the bed ahead of Roma's Serie A clash with Genoa on Sunday. Coming off the bench in the 77th minute, Totti didn't seem too happy on the touchline as midfielder Seydou Keita attempted to pass the Roma captain the skipper's armband. Waving his hand as if to suggest Keita should turn around and get back into position, club legend Totti, who has captained the Serie A side since 1998, flatly refused his team-mate's gesture. Francesco Totti stands on the touchline ready to come on for Roma but didn't appear to be in a good mood . The Roma captain flatly refused to take the skipper's armband off team-mate Seydou Keita against Genoa . Later,  having replaced Adem Ljajic, the 38-year-old was in no mood to be messed around as midfielder Andrea Bertolacci showed no signs of getting to his feet following a challenge. Stood talking to the referee with Miralem Pjanic, the frontman gave Bertolacci - a  Roma academy graduate born in the Italian capital - a gentle kick in the back, keen to get the match back up and running. Roma won the game 1-0 courtesy of Radja Nainggolan's sumptuous volley from outside of the area five minutes before half-time. The victory saw Rudi Garcia's men close the gap on league leaders Juventus following the Turin giants' 1-1 draw at home to high-flyers Sampdoria. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch Francesco Totti give a gentle kick to his opponent . Keen to get the game restarted, Totti gives a little kick to Andrea Bertolacci as the Genoa man lies on the floor . Totti takes on Genoa's Stefano Sturaro during Roma's 1-0 victory at the Luigi Ferraris Stadium . Totti replaced Adem Ljajic on 77 minutes as the Rome club closed the gap on Serie A leaders Juventus .
highlights: Roma captain Francesco Totti refused the armband from Seydou Keita . Totti later gave a gentle kick to Genoa midfielder Andrea Bertolacci who was down on the ground . Roma won the game 1-0 to close the gap on Serie A leaders Juventus .
id: bee7cedc4d2756b9025775a81b03a7ccd99e06ec
chatgpt: Roma captain Francesco Totti refused to wear the captain’s armband during the team’s latest Serie A match against Genoa. The veteran footballer was offered the band, which had been worn by Seydou Keita, but Totti declined the offer. Keita had been chosen to wear the armband due to the absence of regular captain Daniele De Rossi. Despite declining to wear the armband, Totti remained an influential figure on the pitch, scoring the winning goal in a 1-0 victory that closed the gap between Roma and league leaders Juventus. However, the match was not without controversy. Late in the second half, Totti was involved in a tussle with Genoa midfielder Andrea Bertolacci. Following a collision between the two players, Bertolacci was left lying prone on the ground. As he lay there, Totti appeared to give him a gentle kick. The incident sparked a heated reaction from the Genoa bench, with both players and coaches protesting vociferously. However, the referee chose not to take any action against Totti, instead allowing play to continue. Despite the controversy, Roma held on to secure all three points, keeping alive their hopes of winning the Serie A title. The victory was even more impressive given the fact that Genoa had been tipped to cause an upset prior to the match. Speaking after the game, Totti remained coy about his refusal to wear the captain’s armband, stating only that he was “always ready to play”. However, he did express his satisfaction with the victory, praising his team for their hard work and determination. The incident with Bertolacci is likely to come under further scrutiny in the coming days, with rival fans and pundits alike likely to have strong opinions. However, for Roma and Totti, the focus will now be on their next match, as they continue their pursuit of the Serie A title.