article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- Newly discovered artifacts beneath the huge stones of Jerusalem's Western Wall, one of Judaism's holiest sites, indicate it took longer to build than previously believed. Until now, the wall constructed as part of King Herod's enlargement of the Temple Mount area was thought to have been completed before he died in 4 B.C. However, the discovery of three oil lamps from the first century and 17 bronze coins, four of which were dated A.D. 16, in a ritual bath beneath the Western Wall appears to confirm the writings of a first-century Jewish historian, who said the project was completed decades after Herod's death. "This is important because now we would not speak any more of the Temple Mount being built by Herod" alone, said University of Haifa professor Ronny Reich, an archaeologist working on the site on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority. "This is an archaeological finding that indeed the works of the Temple Mount took a long time, far after Herod's death." A statement by the antiquities authority said the ancient historian, Flavius Josephus, wrote that Herod began constructing and enlarging the Temple Mount area in 22 B.C., which was the 18th year of his reign. Josephus wrote that it was "the largest project the world has ever heard of," according to the authority's statement. Josephus also wrote that the completion of the building project, which included the Western Wall and Robinson's Arch as part of the Temple Mount complex, did not end until A.D. 50, the statement said. "This bit of archaeological information illustrates the fact that the construction of the Temple Mount walls and Robinson's Arch was an enormous project that lasted decades and was not completed during Herod's lifetime," the authority's statement said. "This dramatic find confirms Josephus' descriptions which state that it was only during the reign of King Agrippa II (Herod's great-grandson) that the work was finished, and upon its completion there were 8,000-10,000 unemployed in Jerusalem." CNN's Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
highlights: Coins found by archaeologists shed light on construction of one of Judaism's holiest sites . King Herod started the wall, but the new evidence indicates he died before it was finished . Until now, the wall was believed to have been completed during Herod's reign .
id: 4e912820e529e7e778691e13dd723e091f29a782
chatgpt: Archaeologists have recently made a stunning discovery about the construction of one of Judaism's holiest sites. Coins found by these experts have provided new insights into the building of the Western Wall in Jerusalem.  The Western Wall is one of the most sacred structures in all of Judaism, and it has been the subject of intense study and investigation for years. Many scholars have long believed that the wall was completed during the reign of King Herod, one of the most famous figures in Jewish history. However, the new evidence suggests that this may not be the case after all.  According to the archaeologists, King Herod began construction on the wall, but he died before it was finished. This was previously unknown to historians, and it changes our understanding of the wall's origins substantially. The coins found by the researchers date from around the time of Herod's death, indicating that the wall was still under construction at this time.  This discovery sheds new light on King Herod's role in the building of the Western Wall. For years, it was believed that he was responsible for the completion of the wall, and that it was one of his greatest accomplishments. However, this new evidence suggests that he may not have had as much influence over the wall's construction as was previously thought.  This news is likely to cause a stir in the archaeological community, as it has significant implications for our understanding of Jewish history. The Western Wall is revered by Jews all over the world, and this new information about its origins will change the way that they think about this important structure.  The coins themselves are quite remarkable, as they offer a window into the past like few other artifacts can. They were found during an excavation in the area surrounding the Western Wall, and they have been dated to the period just after Herod's death. The archaeologists who found them are hopeful that they will lead to further discoveries about the wall and the people who built it.  Overall, this is an exciting development in the study of Jewish history, and it is sure to capture the attention of anyone with an interest in this fascinating subject. The discovery of the coins is a reminder that there is still much to learn about the past, and that even the most famous structures can still hold secrets waiting to be uncovered.