article: By . Tim Shipman, Deputy Political Editor . A group of 37 MPs have put their names to a report which says packaging should remain on cigarettes to help struggling small businesses . Plans to sell cigarettes in plain packaging should be dropped, a group of influential Tory MPs demand today. The Free Enterprise group of backbenchers, which includes many rising stars from the new intake, today calls for the plans to be abandoned in order to prevent small shops being hit by a fall in tobacco sales or a rise in tobacco smuggling. Some 37 MPs have put their names to a report published today on ways to promote ‘the growth of Britain’s small businesses’ which demands a cull of damaging regulations. The report calls on ministers to ‘drop proposals for plan packaging tobacco products’. The Prime Minister appeared to kill off plans to impose plain packaging in July, saying further evidence was needed to show whether it would be effective. But in a surprise move, public health minister Jane Ellison announced last week that paediatrician Sir Cyril Chantler will carry out a rapid review of the evidence by March - meaning plain packs could be brought in by the time of the 2015 election. The review was ordered in response to evidence emerging from Australia, which last year became the first country to introduce plain packaging. The change of heart was welcomed by health campaigners, but tobacco companies said a ban lead to an increase in smuggling and counterfeit products. The Free Enterprise Group of MPs warned that introducing plain packs is unnecessary regulation that will hurt small businesses. Those who have signed the paper include the chairman of the Treasury select committee Andrew Tyrie, David Cameron’s envoy to the Indian community Prit Patel and leading backbenchers like Jesse Norman, Nadhim Zahawi, Andrea Leadsom and Margot James. David Cameron appeared to rule out the possibility of plain packets last July but a recent U-turn means they could be on shelves by the next election in 2015 . One of the MPs involved told the Mail: ‘This is a an unnecessary burden for business. Lots of businesses sell tobacco. It could be a problem for small businesses.’ Their report was written before the government u-turn but Kwasi Kwarteng, who coordinates the activities of the group, said it would be published unchanged today. He called on the Chantler review to consider the risks to business, as well as those of public health. Kwasi Kwarteng MP, said: ‘I look forward to seeing Sir Cyril Chantler’s conclusions and would also hope that the potential consequences for businesses feature in the government’s decision making. ‘This is a complex and technical area of policy and the government is absolutely right to take the time to consider all the available evidence rather than to rush towards legislating as the Labour opposition is demanding.’
highlights: Group of MPs have backed report calling for regulation to be dropped . They say dropping sales from plain packets will harm small businesses . Plain packets could be on shelves in time for 2015 election .
id: 097a1ddb29ef00db295406f3abb7cc7d32f16f3f
chatgpt: A group of MPs have come out in support of a report that recommends dropping regulation on plain packaged products. The report suggests that the current regulations will harm small businesses and that this could have an impact on the economy.  The report recommends that regulations be dropped on plain packaged products such as cigarettes and other tobacco products. The MPs argue that regulations like these will have a negative impact on small businesses across the country. They believe that by reducing the number of products that small businesses can sell, the economy will suffer. The report also suggested that plain packaged products could be on shelves in time for the 2015 election. This could have an impact on the election as the move could be seen as a positive step forward for small businesses. If plain packaged products were to become more widespread, then small businesses would have to adapt and find other products to sell.  The MPs have also called on the government to make sure that any impact on small businesses is kept to a minimum. They have suggested that the government could provide support to small businesses to help them adapt to any changes that may be required. This could be in the form of financial support or training to enable them to sell other products and to diversify their business.  There has been a lot of debate about plain packaging over the last few years. Supporters of plain packaging argue that it will help to reduce the number of people who smoke. They argue that by removing branding and logos from packaging, it will make smoking less appealing to young people. However, opponents argue that this is not the case and that it will not lead to a reduction in the number of people who smoke.  There is also a lot of concern about the impact that plain packaging will have on small businesses. Many small businesses rely on the sales of tobacco and other products to stay afloat. With regulations like those proposed, it would become much harder for them to sell these products. In conclusion, it will be interesting to see what the government decides to do in regards to plain packaging. It is clear that many MPs and business leaders are concerned about the impact that it will have on small businesses. The government will need to weigh up the pros and cons of plain packaging before making any decisions. However, if they do decide to go ahead with it, they will need to provide support to small businesses to help them adapt to any changes that may be required.