article: We're in Accrington, home to one of the world’s biggest pie manufacturers, but the only thing on the menu for David ‘Bumble’ Lloyd is a cold, hard serving of torture. At the bottom of a cul-de-sac his son Ben has converted his garage into a gym with a treadmill, bike and stacks of weights. A neighbour unloading his shopping from a car peers inside quizzically. What is one of Britain’s national sporting treasures doing with a 10kg weight dangling from his head? ‘I know what people will be thinking: “What’s a man who’s turning 68 in a few months with a snapped achilles and a titanium knee playing at?”,’ says Bumble. David Lloyd is put through his paces by his personal trainer son Ben twice a week . Bumble, a former England cricketer, shows off his muscles as he strikes a pose during a session . The 68-year-old is all smiles despite being put through a gruelling regime . Lloyd, who played county cricket for Lancashire, strains as he lifts dumbbells above his head . Lloyd said vanity was part of his motivation for getting into shape, admitting appearing on TV was a factor . Twice a week he is put through his paces by Ben, who owns a personal training business. He points to a poster of Arnold Schwarzenegger on the wall, all oiled, bronze skin and rippling muscles. ‘There’s absolutely zero chance of me looking like that,’ he says in that distinctive East Lancashire drawl, but he does admit that vanity has played a part in this mission. Shortly after this session Bumble, a former Lancashire and England cricketer and coach, flew to Australia where he is commentating on the one-day international tri-series for Sky Sports with Nasser Hussain, David Gower, Andrew Strauss, Shane Warne, Michael Holding and Sir Ian Botham. Lloyd, who turns 68 in March, performs an exercise with a weight hanging from his head . Son Ben gives Bumble a helping hand as he performs a bench press during the session . Lloyd grimaces as he goes through a boxing exercise with his son . ‘Being on TV you’ve got to look right,’ says Bumble, ‘I’m the oldest in our group and they’re very opinionated blokes, they don’t hold back on your appearance. ‘I realised I was getting out of shape because I wasn’t able to run any more with my knee so I wanted to do something about it’ Sportsmail columnist Bumble will be in Australia for two and a half months, keeping up his fitness regime with Ben advising him by email. ‘It’s a long time to be away but I enjoy it,’ says Bumble. We don’t all socialise together. My mates are Mike Atherton, Nasser Hussain, Ian Ward and Andrew Strauss, that’s our little combo. The other lads are into a bit of fine dining, we don’t see them. They have jus and foam and we have curry and a pint.’
highlights: David Lloyd is put through a gruelling gym regime twice a week by his son . Ben Lloyd is a personal trainer and has converted his garage into a gym . Bumble reveals vanity is behind his mission to get in shape . 'Being on the TV you've got to look good,' the 67-year-old said .
id: 083ee93553d140ae01c900cfd6aa8027425a4283
chatgpt: Retired English cricketer and television personality David Lloyd, affectionately known as "Bumble", has revealed his motivation for getting in shape. The 67-year-old, who is a regular commentator on Sky Sports' cricket coverage, admitted that vanity is behind his mission to improve his fitness. Bumble's unlikely personal trainer is his 40-year-old son Ben Lloyd, who is a qualified personal trainer. Ben has converted the garage of his home in Lancashire into a personal gym, and puts his famous dad through a gruelling workout twice a week. Speaking to reporters, Bumble said, "Being on TV you've got to look good. I'm of the age where you either let yourself go or you try and keep in shape. My lad is a personal trainer so I'm getting flogged twice a week." The transformation in Bumble's physique has been noticeable. In recent years, he has shed several stone in weight and has been seen pounding the pavements during his regular jogs around his hometown of Accrington. Ben Lloyd, who has been working as a personal trainer for 15 years, said he had to balance "the son-father relationship" during his training of his dad. "You don't want to upset your dad, but you also want him to get the most out of his workout," he said. The garage gym where the training takes place is equipped with weights, cardio machines and a squat rack, and Ben tailors each workout to suit his dad's level of fitness. "We do a lot of upper body and lower body work, and some cardio too," he said. Despite the gruelling workouts, Bumble admitted that he enjoys the challenge of getting in shape. "It's tough going, but I'm feeling better for it," he said. "When I was playing cricket, I never used to do any upper-body work. It was all about running and being fit. But as I've got older, I've realised that strength and fitness are equally important." Bumble has been a popular figure in the world of cricket for many years, having played for Lancashire and England during a successful career that spanned three decades. He has since become one of the sport's most recognisable voices, and is known for his humour and enthusiasm. But despite his reputation as a jovial character, Bumble is taking his fitness regime seriously. "I don't want to let myself go and become the laughing stock," he said. "I've got a bit of pride about my appearance, and I want to be the best version of myself that I can be." For Ben, the opportunity to train his dad has been a unique experience. "It's been great to work with my dad and help him get into shape," he said. "It's not often you get to train a former professional athlete, let alone your own dad. We have a lot of fun with it, but we take it seriously too." With Ben as his personal trainer, Bumble is well on his way to reaching his fitness goals. And while his motivation may be vanity, his commitment to his health and fitness is an inspiration to others.