article: Click here to read Chris Foy's match report . England and New Zealand player ratings . Clive Woodward's big match analysis . There was no hiding place from the giant new Twickenham screens. There it all was: incorrect decisions, revealed close up with replays, slow motion with HD quality and booed widely around the stadium. The new, almost shadow-free floodlights cast further light on other mistakes by the referee. When is a try not a try? When it’s shown on scoreboards that look as big as cinema screens for everyone else to see what the referee has missed. In football, they aren’t allowed to expose contentious decisions inside the stadium for fear of increasing pressure on the referee or starting a riot of idiots. The new giant screens at Twickenham were used for the first time during England's defeat by New Zealand . The screens - each measuring 169sq metres - were hung from the roof behind both posts . Replays on the big screen cast doubt on Aaron Cruden's try - which was awarded by referee Nigel Owens . The newly installed flood lights at Twickenham are shadow-free and put the spotlight on the referee . Inside Twickenham, they have a different class of audience and so they showed those moments again and again to a cascade of boos, although the chap from the Sunday Times wrote that official Nigel Owens had ‘an excellent’ game in his report. I guess he had the advantage of seeing all of the game and didn’t have to queue for his refreshments. I missed three minutes at the of the first first half to try to get ahead of the stampede, the entire half time and another five minutes of the second half before I was served. A total of 23 minutes for two pints of Guinness, costing £6 each (in a 'fan cup'). Enough time for a Scandinavian chap in the queue to remark: ‘We could have gone to Dublin and got this quicker.’ England got off to the best possible start when Jonny May ran in to score his first international try . England fought hard but were beaten by world champions New Zealand by three points . Referee Owens was booed by the  crowd when some of his decisions were replayed on the screens . New Zealand captain Richie McCaw with the Hillary Shield after victory over England at Twickenham . Chris Foy’s match report, published instantly to MailOnline on the final whistle, informed me what I had missed, but when you’ve paid £89 each for two tickets high up in the East Stand, you are entitled to think you might get to see the whole game for yourself. Surely, for all their impressive £76m revamp at rugby’s HQ, there has to be a way of getting served in less than 23 minutes.
highlights: World champions New Zealand beat England 24-21 at Twickenham . Referee Nigel Owens was booed  after awarding a contentious All Blacks try . Twickenham has  new screens and floodlights after £76m revamp .
id: 413167be27d3eed5d06ab74dc3e3f73421ea5f36
chatgpt: In a thrilling clash between two heavyweight rugby union nations, New Zealand emerged victorious over England as they secured a narrow 24-21 victory at Twickenham on Saturday. The game was marred by contentious refereeing decisions which left some fans and commentators incensed, with Welsh official Nigel Owens becoming a target for boos and jeers from the home crowd. The All Blacks, who came into the tie as reigning world champions, took an early lead through a try from full-back Damian McKenzie. However, England hit back through captain Owen Farrell, who slotted home two penalties to reduce the deficit to a single point. The game swung back in the visitors' favour when McKenzie added a second try to his tally, but England bounced back with another Farrell penalty. With the scoreline at 14-9 in New Zealand's favour, the game took a dramatic turn when Owens awarded a contentious try to the All Blacks after ruling that winger Rieko Ioane had grounded the ball just before it went dead. The decision was met with boos and jeers from the crowd who were convinced that the ball was out of play before the try was scored. Nevertheless, the five-pointer stood, and New Zealand extended their lead to 21-9 as Beauden Barrett added the conversion. England refused to be deterred, however, and they rallied to score two tries in quick succession through centre Henry Slade and hooker Dylan Hartley. The game was finely balanced at 21-21 with just minutes remaining, but a late penalty from fly-half Barrett sealed the victory for the world champions. While New Zealand celebrated another hard-fought win over one of their closest rivals, England fans were left to rue what might have been. Controversial refereeing decisions aside, the game was a thrilling spectacle that showcased the best of both teams. Adding to the drama of the occasion was the fact that Twickenham had undergone a £76m revamp, with new screens and floodlights installed to enhance the spectator experience. The state-of-the-art upgrades proved their worth as fans were treated to an unforgettable evening of rugby. Overall, the game was a fitting tribute to the longstanding rivalry between two of rugby union's biggest superpowers. For New Zealand, it was yet another triumph to add to their impressive list of accomplishments, while for England, it was a valiant effort that ultimately fell short. Regardless of the outcome, there's no doubt that the Twickenham faithful were treated to a classic encounter that will live long in the memory.