article: West Ham's stars helped spread some Christmas cheer on Tuesday afternoon as captain Kevin Nolan led a hospital visit to a children's ward in east London. Just a stone's throw away from the Hammers' Upton Park home, Nolan was one of eight first-team players from Sam Allardyce's squad to hand out festive goodie bags containing games, mini-footballs, towels and much more to young patients on the Rainbow Ward at Newham University Hospital. Nurses and hospital staff were equally delighted as they posed for photographs and got autographs from Nolan, James Tomkins, James Collins, Stewart Downing, Mauro Zarate, Diego Poyet, Matt Jarvis and Alex Song. West Ham captain Kevin Nolan (left) led his team-mates on a hospital visit to a children's ward in east London . Matt Jarvis (right) and his team-mates signed autographs for young patients at the hospital ward on Tuesday . Nolan (right) hands a young patient in the ward the goodie bag, which contained games, footballs and more . Defender Tomkins said he and his team-mates were aware of how difficult the holiday season can be for those who cannot be at home for Christmas. 'It's a time of year I enjoy coming to see the kids and being very humble, as some of them are really ill and you just hope they can get home in time for Christmas,' he said. 'Spending time with family is what it's all about at this time of year, so it keeps your feet on the ground when you know there are kids out there going through a tough time. 'We just wish them all well and hope they get home and spend Christmas in front of the tree, which is where everyone wants to be. I have got a fairly big family and I can obviously relate to seeing the mums and dads here with their kids in hospital, which is not the ideal place they want to be. James Collins (left to right), James Tomkins and Stewart Downing (right) pose with a young fan at the ward . Nolan, Tomkins, Collins, Downing, Mauro Zarate, Diego Poyet, Jarvis and Alex Song were among at the visit . 'All the lads have been really positive and given them some nice West Ham treats for Christmas, so hopefully we have puts some smiles on faces.' The Hammers, meanwhile, will be looking to maintain their fine form when they host the Premier League's bottom side Leicester on Saturday. Allardyce's side are unbeaten in their last five games and sit high in fourth place, just three points behind Manchester United. Nolan was one of eight first-team players to hand out festive goodie bags and take part in activities . Poyet poses with Tomkins and a young fan after they gave out the mini-footballs in the goodie bags . Tomkins said he and his team-mates were aware of the difficulty at being away from home for Christmas .
highlights: West Ham stars gave out festive goodie bags to young patients . They visited the Rainbow Ward at Newham University Hospital on Tuesday . Kevin Nolan led seven of his team-mates in giving out the presents . James Tomkins, James Collins, Stewart Downing, Mauro Zarate, Diego Poyet, Matt Jarvis and Alex Song were among those at the visit .
id: 1b2157b560fab4742305056cc39f340cad52f832
chatgpt: West Ham United football stars brought joy to young patients at the Rainbow Ward of Newham University Hospital on Tuesday. The footballers, led by Kevin Nolan, visited the children's ward and handed out festive goodie bags to cheer up the young patients. The visit was greeted with excitement from the young patients and hospital staff, who were thrilled to welcome footballing heroes to the ward. The players spent time with each child, taking pictures and chatting with them before giving them their special gift bags. James Tomkins, James Collins, Stewart Downing, Mauro Zarate, Diego Poyet, Matt Jarvis and Alex Song were among the players who accompanied Nolan on the visit. The footballers were touched by the positive impact they could bring to the lives of these young patients. Star midfielder, Alex Song, expressed his delight at the heart-warming visit, saying: "It's great to come here and see the smiles on the faces of the kids, these small things we take for granted so it's nice to come and give something back." The Rainbow Ward of Newham University Hospital provides care to young patients with a range of illnesses, including leukemia and other forms of cancer. The footballers' visit was a welcome distraction from the children's grueling daily treatments and helped to bring a sense of normality to their lives. The ward's Play Specialist, Helen Gillam, said: "Having the West Ham footballers visit really brightened up the children's day. They were all so excited to meet them and it really helped them forget about their illness for a while." It wasn't just the children who appreciated the visit. The hospital staff also expressed their gratefulness for the boost the footballers had brought to the ward. A spokesperson for Newham University Hospital said: "We are very grateful to the West Ham players for their visit. It brought a lot of happiness to our young patients and really helped to boost their morale." The spokesperson added: "It's wonderful to see top athletes using their celebrity status to give back to their communities in such a meaningful way." It's not the first time that West Ham players have visited young patients in hospital. The club has a tradition of community outreach, and the players regularly engage in school and hospital visits to give back to the community. West Ham United's captain, Kevin Nolan, said: "It's always important to give back, especially at this time of year. It was great to see the children's faces light up and know that we were able to make a small difference in their lives. We hope to keep the spirit of giving alive throughout the year." The visit was a fantastic way for the footballers to show their support for their community and to brighten up the lives of some of the most vulnerable people in Newham. The players undoubtedly left a lasting impression on the young patients, hospital staff, and the wider community.