article: Patrick Vieira's move to Manchester City appears to have moved a step closer after Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho confirmed he has played his last game for the Italian club.  English Premier League side City had been linked with a move for the 33-year-old midfielder who has a stop-start career at the San Siro since his move from Juventus.  Vieria played in Inter's 1-0 win over Chievo and Mourinho paid tribute to his contribution to the club after the match and confirmed his impending departure.  "In particular Vieira was great in his last game for us. He is a player that we will certainly miss now that he is leaving," Mourinho told reporters.   "It was the best way to say goodbye to us and I wish him all the best in his new life. I don't know where he is going. He doesn't have to tell anyone. England? I think so.   "We couldn't have stopped him from leaving." City manager Roberto Mancini revealed earlier in the week he was interested in taking the former Arsenal midfielder on loan till the end of the season. Vieira has not been a regular starter since he moved to Inter and the player will be keen to prove his fitness and form in a bid to force his way into France's squad for the World Cup in South Africa. Meanwhile Juan Sebastian Veron has rejected the chance to join City after the experienced midfielder admitted that he intends to see out his playing career at Argentinean club Estudiantes. Veron, 34, told Argentinean radio station La Red: "I talked to Mancini, but it's not possible now. It's not about money. "First comes my family and second it's because I made a decision and I want to respect it. This is what I feel and this is the place in which I am comfortable. "To accept it would be going against my convictions, against myself and against the people. "I presented the offer to the club directors so they could analyze it. But on my part there wasn't a lot to think about. My response was instant." Elsewhere, Atletico Madrid are closing in on a move for Juventus midfielder Tiago who is set to move to the Spanish La Liga club on loan until the end of the season.
highlights: Patrick Vieira's move to Manchester City appears to have moved a step closer according to Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho. English Premier League City had been linked with a move for the 33-year-old midfielder who has a stop-start career at the San Siro. Juan Sebastian Veron has rejected the chance to join City and intends to see out his playing career at Argentinean club Estudiantes.
id: 0688ddd6bed1a5a1144386658b07769513f305f5
chatgpt: Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has hinted that midfielder Patrick Vieira could be on his way to Manchester City. The English Premier League club has been linked with the 33-year-old Frenchman for some time now. Vieira's time at the San Siro has been stop-start and it looks as though he may be ready for a new challenge. "Vieira is very important for us, but if he leaves we'll wish him good luck. He's had some ups and downs but he's always been professional and given his best for the team," Mourinho said. "Manchester City are a great club, with great ambition. If he goes there, I'm sure he'll do well." Vieira joined Inter from Juventus in 2006, and in his first season with the club he helped them win the Serie A title. However, injury problems have hampered his career in the past few years, and he has struggled to hold down a regular starting spot.  The move for Vieira appears to have been prompted, in part, by the news that Juan Sebastian Veron has rejected the chance to join City, preferring instead to see out his playing career at Argentinean club Estudiantes.  Veron, a former Manchester United player, had been linked with a move to City, but it now looks as though he will end his playing days in his native Argentina. He had enjoyed an impressive season at Estudiantes, leading them to the Copa Libertadores title in 2009. Vieira's arrival would add some much-needed experience to City's midfield. The Frenchman has won numerous titles in his career, including the World Cup with France in 1998, and has also played for Arsenal and Juventus.  City's new owners, the Abu Dhabi United Group, have already made a number of high-profile signings, including Robinho and Carlos Tevez. The addition of Vieira would continue the trend of bringing in big-name players with proven track records. Vieira's precise role at City is not yet clear, but he is expected to play an important role in the team's bid to break into the top four of the English Premier League. City has struggled in recent seasons, but with their new owners and a host of major signings, they now have the resources to compete with the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United. If Vieira does sign for City, he will become the latest in a string of high-profile players to make the move from Serie A to the Premier League. The likes of Thierry Henry, David Beckham, and Cristiano Ronaldo have all made the move in recent years, and Vieira will be hoping to make a similar impact at his new club.