article: By . Associated Press . Jurors in Cheyenne are set to begin deliberating in the trial of a 75-year-old Missouri woman accused of killing her husband in Wyoming in the mid-1970s. Alice Uden, of Chadwick, Missouri, is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ronald Holtz. Jurors heard closing arguments Tuesday and the judge dismissed them for the day after they got the case Tuesday evening. Actions of the past: Alice Uden listens to the judge during jury selection last week. Uden faces one count of first-degree murder for allegedly killing her husband nearly 40 years ago. The jury are about to begin their deliberation . Prosecutors allege Alice Uden, 75, and husband Gerald Uden, 71, each murdered their spouses before later marrying each other, though the cases have not been officially linked . Uden testified she shot her 24-year-old husband at their Cheyenne home to stop Holtz as he was set to attack her 2-year-old daughter. Prosecutors say Uden shot her husband as he slept. Uden met Holtz when she was a nurse at a Veterans Administration hospital in Sheridan, and Holtz, who'd been a helicopter gunner in Vietnam, was a psychiatric patient. Uden's attorneys say Holtz became abusive soon after they married in September 1974, and Uden shot him in the back of the head when he was about to attack the little girl. Last week, prosecutors called Uden's . daughter, Theresa Twyford, 55, of Naples, Illinois, to testify. Twyford . said Friday her mother once told her, too, she shot Holtz as he slept. The 'matter of fact' conversation happened in Illinois, she said, where Twyford was living at . the time in the 1970s. Both she and her mother had been drinking, she . said. Reagan Uden, 10, left, and Richard Uden, 11, right, were shot in the back of the head by their stepfather Gerald Uden. He is now serving life in prison for their murders . Last fall, authorities arrested Alice Uden and her fourth and current husband, Gerald Uden, 71, in Missouri. Gerald . Uden subsequently pleaded guilty and is serving life in prison for . killing his ex-wife and her two children in central Wyoming in 1980, . however investigators haven't linked the two cases. Mr Uden's ex-wife Virginia Uden, 32, and her two sons, Richard, 11, and Reagan, 10, went missing in September 1980. A couple of months later, sheriff's deputies found the family's Ford station wagon, with blood stains in it, abandoned off the side of a mountain road. Uden told a courtroom in Lander he shot the three with a .22-caliber rifle before dumping their bodies first in an abandoned mine, then in Fremont Lake north of Pinedale in western Wyoming. Investigators spent a couple of days searching the 600-foot-deep lake last fall before calling off the search for the winter. The search for the bodies remains suspended. He is serving a life sentence, the same penalty Mrs (Alice) Uden could face.
highlights: Alice Uden, 74, and her husband Gerald Uden, 71, were both arrested at their home in Missouri and charged with murder last fall . Authorities believe Mrs Uden killed her then husband Ronald Holtz in 1974 in Wyoming and hid his body in a mine . She claims the killing was in self-defence after he threatened to kill their daughter . Her current husband, Gerald Uden is now serving a life sentence for killing his own wife Virginia Uden and her sons in 1980 . Gerald Uden shot them in the back of the head, put their bodies in oil drums and dumped them in a lake . During the trial, their daughter Erica Hayes, 41, described her horror over her parents dark secrets but said 'they're still the people I love' Their son, Todd Scott, 53, told the court his mother confessed to the murder in the 1970s .
id: d487a7e2fccfba2aecc31d2ef8fcf41fc746e00a
chatgpt: A couple in their seventies has been arrested and charged with murder last fall. Alice Uden and her husband, Gerald Uden, were both taken into custody at their home in Missouri. Authorities believe that Mrs. Uden killed her then-husband, Ronald Holtz, in 1974 in Wyoming, and hid his body in a mine. She has claimed that the murder was done in self-defense after Mr. Holtz threatened to kill their daughter. Gerald Uden is currently serving a life sentence for killing his own wife, Virginia Uden, and her sons in 1980. He shot them in the back of the head, put their bodies in oil drums, and dumped them in a lake. During the trial, the couple's daughter, Erica Hayes, described her horror over her parents' dark secrets. However, she also said that they were still the people she loved. Their son, Todd Scott, also testified in court, claiming that his mother confessed to the murder in the 1970s. The trial has brought to light a number of disturbing details about the couple's past. Alice Uden has been living with her current husband, Gerald, for several decades. The two were married after the murder of Ronald Holtz in 1974. According to court documents, Alice Uden maintained that she killed Holtz in self-defense after he threatened to kill their daughter. She claimed that Holtz was abusive and had threatened to kill both her and their child. Despite her claims, authorities have charged her with first-degree murder. The case has been complicated by the fact that Holtz's body has never been found. Prosecutors will likely rely on circumstantial evidence and witness testimony to make their case. Meanwhile, the revelation that Gerald Uden killed his wife and her children is a chilling reminder of the depth of violence that can be hidden behind closed doors. The case has raised questions about how such horrific crimes can go undetected for decades. In the end, the trial of Alice and Gerald Uden will pose a stark choice for the jury. On the one hand, Alice Uden may be seen as a victim of abuse who acted in self-defense. On the other hand, she may be held accountable for a gruesome murder that has gone unpunished for decades. The trial is likely to be a long and difficult ordeal for both the Udens and their family members. But it may also provide some measure of closure for those who have been waiting for justice for years.