article: By . Jonathan Block . Using an Oculus Rift VR headset, Roberta Firstenberg is able to catch butterflies in the beautiful sunshine outside a virtual Italian villa from her armchair in Seattle. The idea to use virtual reality to give Roberta an outdoor experiernce without leaving her home came from her granddaughter, Priscilla Firstenberg, who is an artist that designs video games.Priscilla emailed Oculus about her idea and they sent her a headset, for free, for Roberta to use. Scroll down for video . Roberta Firstenberg, who is suffering from terminal cancer, uses an Oculus Rift VR headset to experience a virtual world where she can walk outside a Tuscan villa and catch butterflies . The virtual reality headset gives Roberta Firstenberg the ability to feel as if she is outside, without actually leaving her home . 'Thank you very much for the heartfelt email. We’re all really sorry to hear about your grandmother and can sympathize/empathize with your situation," Kevin Crawford, Oculus’s customer service lead, replied back to Priscilla the next day. 'The email has made its rounds within the Support group and it was a unanimous decision that we needed to help you out....Keeping with the spirit of these specific Rifts, it only makes sense that we loan a working developer Rift to another game dev.' When the headset arrived, doctors had given Roberta, at most, two months to live. Roberta Firstenberg's doctors say she has two months to live but her life is being improved using a virtual reality headset . 'I pretty much cried at my desk reading it,' Priscilla said in reference to the response from Crawford. Before long, Roberta was walking through a virtual Tuscan villa, trying to catch butterflies and admiring the sunshine. 'Her favorite part was just being able to walk up and down the stairs again of the villa in the Tuscany demo,' said Priscilla. 'I guess we take a lot of things for granted.' The idea to use the virtual reality headset as therapy came after Roberta told her granddaughter about a dream she had. In it, Priscilla come back from the future with Priscilla's sister, and they would take her to the future using a time traveling chair to cure her cancer. The next day, Priscilla was at work discussing new consoles with her co-workers, including the Rift. 'As I brought up more points about the Rift, it suddenly clicked – there might as well have been a literal light bulb above my head – traveling, going outside, just sitting in a chair, etc. That night I went out on a limb and emailed the support center for the Oculus Rift.'
highlights: Roberta Firstenberg uses an Oculus Rift VR headset to 'virtually' catch butterflies outside an Italian villa . Idea to use headset, normally used by video gamers, came from her grandaughter, who deisgn video games herself . Oculus loaned a headset to Priscilla Firstenberg after reading a touching email from Ms. Firstenberg .
id: d54103c846768c131116cf1a6851e9fde57ab965
chatgpt: Roberta Firstenberg may be 78 years young, but she is not too old to catch butterflies - at least not in virtual reality. Recently, she experienced the thrill of "catching" spectacular butterflies outside an Italian villa, all thanks to an Oculus Rift VR headset. The innovative use of a gaming headset to create a butterfly catching experience came from none other than her granddaughter, a video game designer. And it wasn’t long before Oculus, the leading VR software and headset manufacturer, got wind of the heartwarming experience and sent Roberta her own headset. Roberta's love for butterflies goes way back when she was younger, and it led her granddaughter to create a virtual reality experience that would allow her grandmother to relive cherished memories with ease. “I always loved to collect butterflies and Pressed them in books,” Roberta said. “But I never thought I’d be doing that at my age while wearing a VR headset.” The experience was mesmerizing. In the virtual reality, Roberta found herself walking around the garden, and as she approached a butterfly, she had to remain still and carefully move her hands to catch it in the butterfly net that appeared before her eyes. Roberta described the feeling as "exhilarating." Oculus, keen to harness the power of virtual reality in unique ways, was so taken with Roberta’s story that they sent their Oculus Rift headset to her free of charge. She was deeply touched by the gesture and excitedly grabbed the opportunity to relive the butterfly-catching experience with her friends and family members. Roberta's story is a perfect depiction of how virtual reality technology has the potential to change people's lives for the better. It is not merely restricted to gaming or entertainment but has a wide range of applications in health care, education, and training. When Roberta first tried the VR headset, she was a bit skeptical about how it would feel, but after placing it on her head, she was transported to the beautiful Italian garden outside the villa, where she could experience the freedom of catching beautiful butterflies. The world of butterflies that was once inaccessible due to her age and mobility was now at her fingertips, and she couldn't be happier. In conclusion, Roberta's experience with the Oculus Rift VR headset has shown that virtual reality is not just a fun experience for tech enthusiasts or gamers but also an innovative solution that can change the lives of people who have had limited mobility or experiences. Oculus' gesture of loaning the headset to Roberta shows the company's commitment to using VR in unique ways that can make a positive impact on people's lives.