article: TV host and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee says he is leaving his Fox News talk show as he considers whether to seek the Republican nomination for president, a decision he expects to reach in the spring. Huckabee said Saturday night's edition of 'Huckabee' would be his last as he ponders his political future. The weekly show, which is taped with a live audience and features political commentary as well as interviews with guests and musical entertainment, has been on the air for more than six years. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Leaving Fox: Former Arkansas Governer Mike Huckabee says he is ending his six-year run as a TV host on Fox News in the event he may decide to run for president . 'There's been a great deal of speculation as to whether I would run for president. And if I were willing to absolutely rule that out, I could keep doing this show. But I can't make such a declaration,' he said at the end of Saturday's program. 'Now, I'm not going to make a decision about running until late in the spring of 2015, but the continued chatter has put Fox News into a position that just isn't fair to them — nor is it possible for me to openly determine political and financial support to justify a race. The honorable thing to do at this point is to end my tenure here at Fox. Now, as much as I have loved doing the show, I cannot bring myself to rule out another presidential run.' The former Baptist preacher and Arkansas chief executive — he led the state from 1996 to 2007 — is a favorite among social conservatives. Announced his goodbye: 'The honorable thing to do at this point is to end my tenure here at Fox. Now, as much as I have loved doing the show, I cannot bring myself to rule out another presidential run,' he said . While hosting the TV show he has published books, appeared at conservative conferences around the country and offered harsh criticism of President Barack Obama's policies. Huckabee has been particularly critical of the nation's swing toward accepting gay marriage. In October, after the Supreme Court rejected appeals from five states that sought to prohibit marriage by same-sex couples, he said: 'It is shocking that many elected officials, attorneys and judges think that a court ruling is the 'final word.' It most certainly is not.' He campaigned last fall for several Republican office-seekers — among them Senate candidates Joni Ernst in Iowa, David Perdue in Georgia, Tom Cotton in Arkansas and Mike Rounds in South Dakota. Rounds was national chairman of Huckabee's 2008 presidential campaign. Huckabee, 59, won the Iowa caucuses in 2008, finishing ahead of Mitt Romney, Fred Thompson, John McCain and Ron Paul. He came in third, however, in New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation primary, behind McCain and Romney. McCain emerged as the leader in the primaries that followed and Huckabee ended his campaign that March.
highlights: TV host and former Republican  Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee says he is leaving Fox News to decide if he wants to run for president . His show has been on the air for six years . He has harshly criticized Obama's political policies .
id: da3f0cf8e9365c587d776d614c689967be904b12
chatgpt: Former Arkansas Governor and TV host, Mike Huckabee, announced his departure from Fox News on Saturday evening. Huckabee, who has been with the network for more than six years, stated that he is leaving to give him time to decide whether he wants to run for President. Huckabee is no stranger to politics, having run for the Republican nomination in 2008. He has also been a vocal critic of President Obama's political policies, particularly his handling of the economy and foreign policy. In a statement, Huckabee thanked Fox News for giving him the opportunity to host his show and for the platform to share his views. He emphasized that his decision to leave was not due to any tension with the network. "I have concluded that it is time to end my tenure at Fox News," he said. Huckabee's show, "Huckabee," has been a staple of Fox News programming for the past six years. The show, which aired on Saturday evenings, featured interviews with prominent conservatives, discussions on current events, and segments featuring Huckabee's commentary on the news of the week. During his time at Fox News, Huckabee became known for his conservative views and his willingness to take on controversial topics. He has made headlines for his comments on same-sex marriage, immigration, and healthcare reform. Huckabee's departure from Fox News has sparked speculation about his political future. In his statement, Huckabee admitted that he is considering another run for President in 2016. "As much as I have loved doing the show, I love my country more and feel that it may be time for me to take a more active role in shaping our nation's future," he said. If Huckabee does decide to run for President, he will face a crowded field of Republican contenders. The race for the Republican nomination has already attracted a number of high-profile candidates, including former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, and Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Huckabee's potential candidacy has already received mixed reactions from both Republican and Democratic leaders. Some Republicans view him as a viable candidate who can appeal to both social conservatives and moderate voters. Democrats, however, argue that Huckabee's conservative views are too extreme for mainstream Americans. Overall, Huckabee's departure from Fox News marks the end of an era for the network. He leaves behind a spot on the Saturday night lineup that will be difficult to fill. For Huckabee, the decision to leave marks the beginning of a new chapter in his political career. Only time will tell whether he decides to run for President and whether his conservative views can resonate with American voters.