article: (CNN) -- A Malian presidential candidate conceded to his opponent Monday, a day after a runoff election in the nation rattled in the past year by a coup and insurgent Islamists. Former Finance Minister Soumaila Cisse conceded to former Prime Minister Ibrahim Boubacar Keita on social media. "My family & myself went to Mr. Keita, the future president of Mali, congratulate him on his victory. God bless you," he said on Twitter. On his official Facebook page, Cisse issued a statement: . "Dear citizens, dear friends: . To those who have been following me and supporting me here on this page for so many months, I would like to tell you that my family and I went tonight at Mr. Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, who will be our next President of the Republic to congratulate him on his victory in the presidential election." In the first round of voting last month, Keita won nearly 40% of the vote, while Cisse garnered close to 20%. Keita ran for office in 2002 and 2007. He lost both times, most recently to Amadou Toumani Toure. Toure was ousted by a faction of the military in March of last year, plunging Mali, a landlocked country in West Africa, into chaos. A group of outraged soldiers accused the government of not providing adequate equipment to battle ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert land in the north. Disgruntled, the soldiers marched to the palace. A few hours later, a soldier appeared on state television and said the military was in control of the nation. The coup leader later stepped down and transferred power to a civilian transitional government. But uncertainty reigned. Islamic extremists, some with ties to al Qaeda, capitalized on the coup. They toppled the Tuareg tribe roaming in the north and seized control of Timbuktu and other cities in the region. They carved out a large portion of the region and began instituting their own laws. Saved from Islamists, Timbuktu's manuscripts face new threat . They banned music, smoking, drinking and watching sports on television, and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the north. World leaders feared that the al Qaeda-linked militants would turn the area into a terrorist haven. Their victories prompted a French-led military campaign in January to flush out the insurgents. France has a close tie to Mali after holding it as a colony from 1898 to 1960. A successful election would allow France to withdraw some of the troops it put in place to halt Islamist militants from advancing toward the capital, Bamako. French troops and United Nations peacekeepers still patrol the streets of the fragile north. CNN's Larry Register contributed to this report from Atlanta, and journalist Katarina Hoije contributed from Bamako.
highlights: Soumaila Cisse congratulates his opponent, Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, on social media . The former government officials were the top two in a vote last month . A new president would allow France to withdraw some troops sent to fight Islamists .
id: b2488528eb7430dc778843027c5402c2348a6f2e
chatgpt: Former Malian presidential candidate, Soumaila Cisse, has taken to social media to congratulate his opponent, Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, on his victory in last month's election. Cisse, who served as Mali's Minister of Finance from 1993 to 2000 and was the leader of the opposition Union for the Republic and Democracy (URD) party, came in second place in the election with 32% of the vote. After the election, Cisse expressed his disappointment with the results, saying that there were "numerous irregularities" throughout the voting process. However, in a post on Twitter, he congratulated Keita on his victory and said that he hoped the new president would work towards ensuring that Mali remains a "democratic and united" country. The election was closely watched by international observers, as Mali has been struggling with a number of security challenges in recent years. The country has been grappling with a jihadist insurgency in the north, as well as ongoing inter-ethnic violence. France, which has been leading a military operation in Mali since 2013, has been eager to withdraw some of its troops from the region. The election was seen as an important step towards stabilizing the country and allowing for a reduction in the presence of French forces. Keita, who previously served as Mali's president from 2013 to 2020, has promised to prioritize security and development in his second term. "Our primary goal will be to fight terrorism," he said in a recent interview with French media. "We will pursue the fight against terrorists with the same determination, the same efficiency, and the same resolve as we have in the past." In addition to tackling security concerns, the new president will also need to address a number of economic challenges facing Mali. The country has been struggling with high levels of poverty and unemployment, and the COVID-19 pandemic has further exacerbated these issues. Despite the challenges ahead, many Malians are optimistic about the future. "We are a strong and resilient people," said one voter in the capital city of Bamako. "We have been through a lot, but we will continue to fight for a better future for ourselves and our children." As Keita prepares to take office, he will need to work closely with opposition leaders like Cisse in order to bring about meaningful change in Mali. With the support of the international community and the Malian people, he has a real opportunity to lead the country towards a brighter future.