article: Borussia Dortmund notched their fourth straight Bundesliga win after scoring three times in eight minutes late on to earn a 3-0 home victory over  Schalke on Saturday. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang put them ahead in the 78th minute after last season's runners-up squandered a dozen scoring chances and hit the bar. Henrikh Mkhitaryan then tapped in from close range a minute later before Marco Reus made it 3-0 in the 86th. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang  celebrates with Marco Reus in Batman and Robin masks after his openerÂ . Aubameyang, Reus and their Dortmund team-mates celebrate going in front against Schalke . Aubameyang (left) models his Batman cape in front of his Borussia Dortmund team-mates . Dortmund, who produced some sloppy finishing earlier in the game and also came up against superb goalkeeping from Schalke teenager Timon Wellenreuther, are up to ninth with 28 points. The 19-year-old, promoted to first choice recently because of injuries, kept his cool when Aubameyang charged forward and managed to block his effort in the fourth minute. Wellenreuther was lucky when Shinji Kagawa's lob sailed just wide but he pulled off a string of excellent stops especially from Reus and Aubameyang. Henrikh Mkhitaryan of Borussia Dortmund scores the second for his side . Mkhitaryan celebrates with Reus and the rest of his team-mates after putting his side two in front . Reus then jumps to celebrates making it three late on for Dortmund against Schalke . Dortmund's Shinji Kagawa (left) and Schalke's Matija Nastasic challenge for the ball . Jurgen Klopp was all smiles on the touchline as his Dortmund side left it late on Saturday . Dortmund winger Reus gestures in frustration after missing a chance early on against Schalke . Schalke boss Roberto di Matteo watches on from the sidelines as his side were beaten in Dortmund . Reus and his Borussia Dortmund team-mates celebrate the win that lifted them to ninth in the table . Dortmund kept pushing and hit the woodwork through a deflected Reus effort as the 80,000-crowd grew impatient. Reus wasted several more good chances before Gabon international Aubameyang picked the ball up on the edge of the box and slotted in his 10th league goal of the season. Armenian Mkhitaryan added another, as the Schalke defence buckled under pressure, before Reus finished them off four minutes from time. Fifth-placed Schalke, who were toothless despite having striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar back from suspension, have now won only one of their last five league games. Leaders Bayern Munich are 11 points clear at the top after crushing Cologne 4-1 on Friday. Second-placed VfL Wolfsburg travel to Werder Bremen on Sunday. Police separate the fans of Schalke (left) and Borussia Dortmund (right) ahead of the game . Hundreds of officers from special police forces were on the streets ahead of the Bundesliga clash . Police also used horses to separate the fans of Borussia Dortmund and Schalke . Â .
highlights: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang opens scoring in 78th minute . Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Marco Reus also on target . Borrusia Dortmund up to ninth in Bundesliga after fourth win on the spin .
id: 74982282422939eabad8353cdd9c47ef8e3b1073
chatgpt: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang opened the scoring in the 78th minute to help Borussia Dortmund to a 3-0 victory over their opponents in the Bundesliga. The Gabonese striker had a relatively quiet game until he broke the deadlock with a clinical finish past the opposition goalkeeper. Dortmund's other goals came from Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Marco Reus, both of whom were instrumental in the home side's attacking play. Mkhitaryan, fresh off his four-goal performance in the Europa League, scored Dortmund's second goal with a well-struck shot in the 85th minute. Reus, who has just returned from injury, put the game beyond the reach of the opposition with a powerful header in the 89th minute. The win sees Dortmund climb up to ninth in the Bundesliga after their fourth successive victory in the league. The team's recent form has been in stark contrast to their early season struggles, which saw them languishing in the bottom half of the table. However, their recent run of form has given supporters renewed hope for the season ahead. The game was a closely contested affair for much of the match, with Dortmund struggling to break down their opponents' well-organised defence. The home side lacked creativity in the final third until the introduction of Reus, who provided the spark that Dortmund had been missing. The German international, who has been plagued by injury in recent seasons, looked sharp and dynamic in attack and his goal was a deserved reward for his efforts.  Dortmund's coach, Lucien Favre, was pleased with his side's performance and praised his players for their resilience: "We knew this was going to be a tough game, but we kept pushing until we found the breakthrough. The boys showed great character to keep going and it paid off in the end." The win was also significant for Dortmund as it marked their first clean sheet in the Bundesliga this season. The team's defence had been a major concern for Favre, with the team conceding an average of two goals per game before Saturday's victory. However, the coach will take heart from his side's improved defensive display and will hope to build on this in the games ahead. The result was a bitter pill to swallow for Dortmund's opponents, who were left to rue missed opportunities. The away side had several chances to take the lead in the first half but failed to convert any of them. Their inability to make the most of their opportunities proved costly as Dortmund punished them with three late goals. The victory is likely to reignite Dortmund's season and give the team confidence going into their upcoming fixtures. The club's supporters will hope that their recent upturn in form can be sustained and that the team can climb higher up the table in the coming weeks. Dortmund will next face RB Leipzig in the Bundesliga, a game that will be a true test of their recent form.