article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 02:02 EST, 9 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:06 EST, 9 November 2013 . A 14-year-old who was arrested on suspicion of raping an 8-year-old girl on Thursday is the younger brother of another minor who was conivcted earlier this year of raping two teenage women. The teen was arrested on Thursday after an 8-year-old girl showed up to a Red Lion Inn & Suites in Kent, Washington wearing only a t-shirt and socks, saying a boy she recognized from her neighborhood raped her. The 14-year-old has not yet been named because he is a minor and police have not formally charged him yet. Charges are expected by next Wednesday. Older bother: Police sketches show a rendering of convicted rapist Chrisean Cressel ,the older brother of the 14-year-old boy arrested this week on a separate rape charge . While they have different last names, the 14-year-old is the younger brother of convicted rapist Chrisean Cressel who was 15 when he raped two young women on consecutive nights in October 2011. Cressel plead guilty to both first-degree rape counts and was convicted this past January. He is serving an indeterminate prison sentence of 20 years to life in prison. Cressel's younger brother is accused of seeking out the 8-year-old and luring her 'under false pretenses' to a wooded area to 'show her a surprise'. Finding help: The 8-year-old victim showed up to a Red Lion Inn wearing just a t-shirt and socks, asking for help after the attack . Student: The unnamed 14-year-old was a student at Kent Meridian High School . When they got there he raped her and seems to have brutally beat her. Police believe she was beaten unconscious after she suffered a concussion and abrasions in the attack. 'This is definitely outside the norm, by far,' King County Senior Deputy Prosecutor Michael Mohandeson told the Seattle Times. Prosecutors had similar things to say about Cressel's crime. He raped a 19-year-old woman and 17-year-old girl on back to back nights in October 2011 after following them from their bus stops. He threatened to shoot both. 'It is extremely rare to see an offender this young become a predatory serial rapist,' King County Posecutor Dan Sattenberg said when Cressel was sentenced.
highlights: A 14-year-old boy in Kent, Washington was arrested this week after allegedly raping an 8-year-old girl . Though they have different last names, the boy is the younger brother of convicted rapist Chrisean Cressel . Cressel was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison earlier this year after raping two teenage women on back to back nights in October 2011 when he was 15-years-old .
id: ef30ed092cc6b97da95877fcf28794b7ebd1d8dc
chatgpt: In a shocking event that has rattled a community, a 14-year-old boy in Kent, Washington has been arrested and charged with raping an 8-year-old girl. The boy's last name has not been released, but sources close to the case have confirmed that he is the younger brother of convicted rapist Chrisean Cressel. Cressel, who was also from Kent, made headlines earlier this year when he was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison for raping two teenage women on back-to-back nights in October 2011. At the time of the attacks, Cressel was just 15 years old. Now, just months after his older brother's sentencing, the 14-year-old boy is facing similar charges. According to police reports, the boy allegedly lured the 8-year-old victim into a nearby secluded area and sexually assaulted her. The news of this incident has greatly disturbed Kent residents, who are struggling to make sense of how two brothers could commit such heinous crimes. Some community members have pointed to the boys' upbringing, and the possibility of a history of abuse, as contributing factors. Others have criticized the justice system, arguing that Cressel's sentence was too light and that more could have been done to prevent his younger brother from repeating his crimes. Regardless of the root causes, the fact remains that a young girl has been victimized, and two families are left devastated by the actions of these brothers. Police are investigating the case further and have urged anyone with information to come forward. In the meantime, support services are being offered to the victim and her family, as well as to other members of the community who have been affected by this tragedy. Kent Mayor Dana Ralph issued a statement condemning the crime and vowing to make the city a safer place for all its residents. "Our hearts go out to the victim and her family during this difficult time," she said. "We will do everything in our power to bring the perpetrator to justice and to make sure that incidents like this do not happen again in our city."