article: Arsene Wenger remains suspicious about Manchester City’s swoop to sign Frank Lampard before he begins life at New York City, their sister club in the USA. The Premier League champions confirmed on Wednesday that Lampard has joined the club on a six-month contract until January 31 when he will move on to New York City FC for the MLS season. Lampard's deal to the Etihad has been questioned by some following City's relationship with the American franchise, with Wenger one of those to express his displeasure at the transfer. VIDEO Scroll down for 'Arsene Wenger: Frank Lampard loan raises FFP suspicions' Sceptical: Frank Lampard's (centre) Manchester City move has been queried by Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger . Unhappy: Wenger has raised concerns about City's move for Lampard as a way of moving around FFP . Earlier in August, the Arsenal boss raised concerns that the England international's deal is a way for City to navigate UEFA's Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules. The 64-year-old re-laid those fears sarcastically again on Thursday, when asked about his thoughts on the transfer. ‘It was a surprise that he went to Manchester City,' Wenger said. ‘He went to New York first and the shortest way to Manchester is not to travel to New York first. If you look at a map there is a shorter way.’ Lampard became a free agent in the summer after 13 years at Chelsea during which he became the club’s record goal scorer. The Chelsea legend is believed to harbour doubts about playing his former side and to avoid any embarrassment, City are happy to let him go to America before the end of January in order to begin pre-season work for the MLS which starts in early March. They face Chelsea at home on September 21. Lampard trained for the first time with his new City team-mates in traditional soggy Manchester conditions on Wednesday and after a brief team meeting outside, moved inside to the club’s Carrington training centre to do gym work. The 36-year-old will wear the No 18 shirt that was vacated by Gareth Barry following his move to Everton this summer. New surroundings: Lampard (centre) began training with City on Wednesday . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK.
highlights: Arsene Wenger is suspicious of Frank Lampard's move to Manchester City . Lampard move to City on a six-month contract before he begins life at sister club New York City . Wenger believes it's a ploy used by City to get around UEFA's Financial Fair Play rules .
id: d27f9d1721a93ac94f54ecb64a7344d5ccbefb4c
chatgpt: Arsene Wenger, the manager of Arsenal FC, has criticized Manchester City's decision to sign Frank Lampard on a six-month contract, suggesting that it could be a tactic to bypass UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations. Lampard, who has spent most of his career at Chelsea, joined New York City FC on a free transfer this summer but agreed to join their sister club Manchester City on a short-term basis until the start of the MLS season. Many have been skeptical about the purpose of Lampard's move to Manchester City, given that he had been expected to spend the next few months training with New York City FC ahead of their debut season in MLS. Wenger, who has previously been an outspoken critic of clubs that spend big in order to circumvent UEFA's FFP regulations, has suggested that Lampard's move could be a way for Manchester City to get around the rules. "The rules are clear: you cannot play for more than two clubs in a year," Wenger said. "So when you sign a player for six months and then he moves to another club, what is the purpose of that? Is it to help Manchester City to get around the Financial Fair Play rules? I don't know." Reaction to Wenger's comments have been mixed, with some suggesting that he is being overly suspicious and others agreeing with his assessment of the situation. However, even if Lampard was signed with the intention of helping Manchester City to comply with FFP regulations, it remains to be seen whether the move will have the desired effect. UEFA has already investigated Manchester City's spending practices and found them to be in violation of FFP regulations. The club was fined €60m and had their Champions League squad reduced for the current season, but they were allowed to continue playing in Europe's premier club competition. While UEFA has vowed to continue cracking down on clubs that attempt to bypass FFP rules, there are still many who believe that the regulations are not strict enough. Fans of Arsenal and other clubs that have tried to follow FFP rules have often expressed their frustration at seeing teams like Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain outspend them on big-name players. For now, it remains to be seen what effect, if any, Lampard's move to Manchester City will have on the club's compliance with FFP rules. However, it is clear that Wenger and many others will be watching the situation closely.