article: (CNN)The new Greek government suspended competition in the top-flight Super League indefinitely after violence at a weekend match between the top two football clubs in the country. Sunday's game between bitter Athens city rivals Panathinaikos and away team Olympiakos was marred by a pitch invasion despite a heavy police presence. The players and officials of Super League leader Olympiakos were also pelted with various projectiles and flares amid ugly scenes. None of its fans attended after a previous league ruling which was put in place with the aim of avoiding confrontation at games. Panathinaikos won the so-called "Derby of the Eternal Enemies" 2-1 to cut the gap at the top to just three points, but the focus of attention after the clash was on the continued troubles. A Super League board meeting Tuesday to discuss the issue also saw an unsavory confrontation between representatives of the two clubs, with a reported brawl. Following these incidents, the ruling Syriza Party has made its decision to impose a suspension, which will be the third team this season that Greek football has been halted. "We are at the beginning of the end... everyone must understand that soccer with violence, irrationality and savagery cannot continue any longer," said Deputy Sports Minister Stavros Kontonis, the Greek sports minister, told reporters. "The prime minister and the government's decision to eliminate this phenomenon that insults all of us, including our culture, is final." Back in September a ban was put in place after the death of a fan following clash between supporters of two third-flight teams Ethnikos Piraeus and Irodotos. The second sanction in November was as a result of a serious assault on the assistant director of the refereeing committee. Government acts . Greek Super League president Giorgos Borovilos was summoned to a meeting Wednesday with Kontonis to discuss measures which could be put in place to tackle football violence. Kontonis, who had earlier met new Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, told Greek television that this weekend's games would be called off and that a meeting would be convened next Wednesday to see if progress had been made. "If the situation remains the same there will not be games again the following Sunday. We hope everything we discussed will be implemented," he added. In a statement on the official Super League website, Borovilos admitted solutions needed to be found to "chronic problems" afflicting the game. He said it would be working with the government over the new measures, including electronic ticketing, greater controls on supporters' clubs and a toughening of the disciplinary code.
highlights: Greece professional football league suspended indefinitely . New Greek government imposes the punishment . Suspension follows trouble at Panathinaikos-Olympiakos game Sunday . Third time this season Greek league action has been halted .
id: 61057874a092b566fc22e31ee3a666b4989937a9
chatgpt: In a shocking move, the professional football league of Greece has been suspended indefinitely after trouble broke out at the Panathinaikos-Olympiakos game on Sunday. The new Greek government has imposed the punishment, which has sent shockwaves throughout the football world. This isn't the first time this season the Greek league action has been halted. In fact, this is the third time it's been suspended due to fan violence. The suspension comes after fans from rival teams clashed outside the stadium, leading to several injuries and arrests. The Greek government has made it clear that they will not tolerate any form of violence, and are taking a strong stand in order to put an end to this behavior. The suspension of the league is seen as a warning to fans and clubs alike that this type of behavior will not be tolerated. The move has received mixed reactions, with some fans sympathizing with the government's actions, while others lament the suspension of the league. Many fans have expressed concern about the impact this will have on the sport and the country's economy, as football is a major source of income. The Greek football federation has yet to comment on the suspension, but it's expected that they will work closely with the government to find a way to resolve this issue. The suspension of the league is a severe punishment, but it's hoped that it will send a message to fans and clubs that they need to work together to create a safer environment for all. The suspension of the Greek football league has also caught the attention of other football leagues around the world, who are closely monitoring the situation. Many are also expressing their support for the Greek government's actions, saying that they need to take a strong stance against violence in football. This is not just a problem in Greece, but is also affecting other countries around the world. Fans need to be aware that their actions have consequences and they need to think about the impact they have on the sport they love. Football is supposed to bring people together, not tear them apart. The suspension of the Greek football league is a wake-up call for fans and clubs alike. It's time for them to work together to create a safe and welcoming environment for all, and to show that football can be enjoyed in a peaceful and respectful manner.