article: Chinese hackers recently broke into computers belonging to the U.S. weather service, it has been claimed, . The allegations come just two days after the American Postal Service admitted sensitive material belonging to customers and employees was stolen during a similar cyber attack earlier this year. The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration confirmed that some of its websites had been compromised but declined to discuss who may have been responsible. NOAA, which includes the National Weather Service, is understood to have sealed off weather data relied upon for aviation and shipping after its cyber security team identified the breach. Hacked: NOAA, which includes the National Weather Service, is understood to have sealed off weather data relied upon for aviation and shipping after its cyber security team identified the breach . Cyberattacks were 'deflected,' and some NOAA services were taken down temporarily for what was described at the time as 'unscheduled maintenance,' according to American media reports. The Washington Post quoted US Representative Frank Wolf of Virginia, a Republican, as saying that the NOAA told him 'it was a hack and it was China.' The report came just two days after the US Postal Service said hackers stole sensitive personal information from its employees in a large data breach this year, and got some customer data as well. The postal service said it 'recently learned of a cybersecurity intrusion into some of our information systems' and was cooperating with law enforcement agencies in an investigation. It said the hackers appeared to have accessed 'identifiable information about employees, including names, dates of birth, social security numbers, addresses, beginning and end dates of employment, emergency contact information and other information.' Theft: On Monday the U.S. Postal Service admitted being the victim of a cyberattack and that information about its employees, including Social Security numbers, may have been compromised . A USPS spokesman said the breach affected as many as 800,000 people who are paid by the agency, including employees and private contractors. The statement said hackers also penetrated payment systems at post offices and online where customers pay for services. It said the customer data included 'names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses and other information' but that there was 'no evidence that any customer credit card information from retail or online purchases' had been compromised. The Washington Post, citing unnamed sources, said Chinese hackers were suspected in the breach. The news comes with US President Barack Obama in China for high-level talks, amid heightened concerns about cyberattacks allegedly from China.
highlights: US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration confirmed the hack . Admitted websites were breached but declined to say who was responsible . But Virginia representative Frank Wolf was quoted as saying 'it was China' News comes just two days after U.S. Postal Service admitted similar attack . Said sensitive material belonging to customers and employees was stolen .
id: 8e01d416d0a60fcf4db2bfebc2d7e9a0f5974bd3
chatgpt: The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) confirmed on Wednesday that their websites and computer systems had been hacked. The organization admitted that there was a breach but declined to reveal who was responsible for the attack. Virginia Representative Frank Wolf has been quoted as saying, "it was China," but the NOAA has not officially confirmed this. This news comes just two days after the US Postal Service admitted to a similar attack. The Postal Service acknowledged that sensitive information belonging to both customers and employees had been stolen. The attacks on both government agencies have raised concerns about the US government's ability to protect its systems and information. Experts have warned that the NOAA hack could have serious implications for national security. The organization's systems are responsible for monitoring and predicting weather patterns, and any disruption to their operations could cause significant problems for the country. The attack could also result in the theft of sensitive data, such as research on weather patterns and ocean currents. The NOAA has not revealed the extent of the damage caused by the hack, nor whether any sensitive data has been compromised. The organization has stated that it is taking steps to mitigate the situation and is working with law enforcement to investigate the incident. In recent years, cyber attacks on government agencies have become more frequent and sophisticated. The US government has recognized the threat posed by these attacks and has established various initiatives to combat them. However, experts warn that the government needs to do more to protect its systems and information. The attacks on the NOAA and the Postal Service are just the latest in a series of high-profile cyber attacks on government agencies. Last year, the US Office of Personnel Management suffered a massive breach that compromised the personal information of millions of government employees. The US government has attributed the attack to China, but the Chinese government has denied any involvement. The attacks on government agencies highlight the need for greater investment in cybersecurity infrastructure and training. The US government, along with businesses and individuals, must take steps to protect their systems and information against cyber attacks. In conclusion, the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has confirmed the hack on their systems and websites. The hack, which was reportedly carried out by China, has raised concerns about national security and the theft of sensitive data. The US government must do more to protect its systems and information against cyber attacks.