article: Around one hundred activists clutching the bodies of dead animals assembled in the centre of Melbourne, Australia, to protest violence and neglect towards animals. The protestors, from Animal Liberation Victoria (ALV), silently held dead sheep, pigs, kangaroos, chickens, fish, ducks and other species, claiming they wish to draw attention to the ' hidden suffering of animals in Australia and around the world'. The carcasses were found by ALV's rescue team, many of them dead or dying inside industrial animal factories, in paddocks or hit by vehicles and left to die, according to the organisation. Trail of the dead: Animal Liberation Victoria (ALV) members holding 100 dead animals in the centre of Melbourne. Sheep, pigs, kangaroos, chickens, fish and ducks were among the animals . Grim: A woman displays a dead duck as part of the protest, intended to draw attention to the suffering of animals in society. ALV says the cruel treatment of animals is 'one of the world's largest social justice issues' and said similar displays of respect for the billions of animal victims have taken place in Spain, Chile, France, Germany and Peru. 'We are here today to draw attention . to the fact that humans are currently responsible for the slaughter of . 64billion land animals around the world each year, and between one and . three trillion sea animals,' said ALV’s campaign co-ordinator Noah Hannibal. 'Like us, these animals have an . interest in living and not suffering and we cannot ignore their . interests simply because they do not belong to our species.' Activists: A man holds what appears to be a dead chicken (left), while (right) a woman cradles a penguin . Animal Liberation Victoria is the Melbourne-based branch of Australian animal rights movement Animal Liberation, which operates throughout Australia. It was founded in 1978 by Patty Mark and aims are to abolish the property status of animals, animal exploitation and 'speciest attitudes and practices'. The organisation also claims to encourage animal rights education and embrace the principle of non-violence. It has also protested against sheep exports, whaling, the killing of animals on television by Jamie Oliver and animal deaths in Melbourne Zoo. ALV operates the Action Animal Rescue Team, a group formed in 1993 whose purpose is 'save the lives of unattended and neglected animals who are left sick and dying in factory farms'.
highlights: Activists silently hold animal carcasses to draw attention to 'hidden suffering' Many of the bodies found in factories and at roadside, said Animal Liberation Victoria .
id: c0adc0bf7af6e6b8a71b373e57e64cc806b004b1
chatgpt: Activists from Animal Liberation Victoria are making their voices heard by holding animal carcasses silently in public spaces around the state. These demonstrations serve to draw attention to the often-overlooked suffering that animals endure at the hands of humans. Many of the animal carcasses used in these demonstrations have been recovered from factories, while others have been found discarded on the side of the road. The activists hope that these demonstrations will shed light on the hidden suffering that is taking place each and every day. According to Animal Liberation Victoria, these demonstrations are a powerful way to raise awareness about the plight of animals. By holding carcasses in public spaces and remaining silent, these activists are showing the world that the suffering of animals is not something to be ignored. One participant in the demonstrations explained that they are speaking out on behalf of the animals who cannot speak for themselves. "We believe that these animals deserve to be treated with respect and compassion," she said. Animal Liberation Victoria is hoping that these demonstrations will inspire others to speak up and take action on behalf of animals. They are also raising funds to continue their work and help support animal sanctuaries and other organizations that are dedicated to animal welfare. There is no doubt that animal welfare is a growing concern around the world, with more and more people recognizing the importance of treating animals with respect and compassion. With the help of groups like Animal Liberation Victoria, awareness of animal suffering will only continue to grow. Although these demonstrations may be controversial, they are drawing attention to an important issue that cannot be ignored. It is up to each and every one of us to stand up for what we believe in and advocate for those who cannot speak for themselves. The silent holding of animal carcasses may seem extreme to some, but for Animal Liberation Victoria, it is a necessary step in the fight for animal rights.