article: Washington (CNN)  -- Andy Shallal's small business is a rare success in a sea of hard-luck stories. The owner of several popular bookstore cafes, called "Busboys and Poets" in the Washington area, Shallal said his annual revenue tops $14 million. But the success hasn't persuaded his bank to give him the loan he wants to expand two of his stores and add 40 employees. Shallal said the only way his bank would lend him money was if he used his home as collateral. "I want to have a loan that's really a business loan that's going to use my business as collateral," Shallal told CNN. "And I was told no, in these economic times it's very difficult for banks to give money this way." Small-business owners across the country have voiced similar frustrations, complaining that -- despite billions of taxpayer dollars in relief funds and exhortations from lawmakers to help Main Street -- banks are still holding back on loans. President Obama will tackle the issue Monday when he meets with bank leaders to discuss upcoming financial regulatory reform. He is expected to push banks to increase small-business lending, along with a host of other reforms to the industry. But industry analysts say the liquidity problem won't be easily solved. One small-business expert said stricter government regulations have pulled banks in two directions. "The banks are going to say, 'Look, it's not like we don't want to lend, it's that we're constrained from lending as a result of the new focus and the new attention from the crisis," said Anne Mathias, an analyst with Concept Capital. "[They will say] 'the regulators are telling us you need to be more careful, you need to have more capital, your capital needs to be more liquid.' " Scott Talbott, who represents some of the country's largest financial firms at Financial Services Roundtable, said banks are still lending, but they've gotten more wary of potential risk. "You've seen an increase or a tightening of the credit standards," Talbott said. "So banks are cautious now about lending in terms of who our borrower is. We're looking to make good, solid loans that can be repaid." He said financial institutions are also wary of the legislation moving through Congress that would impose new regulations on the industry and, Talbott said, make it costlier for banks to operate. The House passed a sweeping financial reform bill Friday, and a Senate committee is working on similar legislation. White House officials told CNN that when the president meets with top bankers Monday, he will insist the reforms are necessary to prevent another fiscal crisis. Meanwhile, Shallal hopes lawmakers take action soon. "You've got to really give that money back to the source that's going to provide the most amount of jobs, the most amount of economic stimulus for the economy," he said. "That's small businesses."
highlights: President Obama to meet with top bankers to push for more lending . D.C. shop owner says his business makes $14 million a year but he can't get a loan . Stricter government regulations have pulled banks in two directions, experts say .
id: 0f3792b01200feebe62593a555bc1fbe983b2ca7
chatgpt: President Obama is set to meet with top bankers in the near future in order to boost lending. The President's clear message to these bankers is that he wants them to lend more money to small businesses and individuals. This push for more lending comes as a result of a D.C. shop owner's statement that despite his business making $14 million annually, he is unable to secure a loan. Many experts believe that stricter government regulations are to blame for the banks' hesitancy to lend. They say that these regulations have put banks in a difficult position, leaving them to choose between meeting their obligation to shareholders or catering to the regulatory requirements. The shop owner's statement serves as a clear example of how the regulations are having a direct impact on small businesses. Despite the growth and profitability of the D.C. shop, they are unable to secure a loan which would allow them to expand their operations or hire more employees. This underscores the difficult position many small businesses find themselves in; despite being profitable, they cannot access the necessary credit to grow and thrive. For their part, the bankers are also feeling the pressure. They too would like to lend more money, but the government regulations have made it all but impossible. Failing to comply with the regulations carries serious consequences, including fines and legal liability. This fear of running afoul of the regulations has made many bankers hesitant to lend money to even the most deserving borrowers. The tension between the government regulations and the needs of both borrowers and lenders has put President Obama in a very difficult position. On the one hand, he wants to encourage lending so that small businesses can grow and create jobs. On the other hand, he recognizes the need for regulations to protect consumers and prevent another financial crisis. Despite these challenges, the President is hopeful that a solution can be found. His meeting with the top bankers will be an opportunity to discuss these issues and work towards a mutually beneficial solution. By opening up a dialogue between bankers, business owners, and the government, the hope is that all parties can come away with a better understanding of the others' needs and concerns. In conclusion, the tension between government regulations and the need for increased lending has put both borrowers and lenders in a difficult position. The President's upcoming meeting with bankers will hopefully result in a solution that will allow small businesses to thrive while also protecting consumers. Whether a solution can be found remains to be seen, but by bringing all parties to the table, there is reason to be hopeful that a workable solution can be agreed upon.