article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:02 EST, 3 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:38 EST, 4 September 2012 . Heidi Klum has hit back at Seal's suggestion she cheated on him with a bodyguard during their marriage. The supermodel, 39, who looked strained as she jetted out of Los Angeles this morning, issued a statement today insisting there was no third party involved in their split. 'Our separation was based on issues between the two of us,' she told People magazine. All smiles: Heidi Klum looked in good spirits as she arrived in New York today on a flight from Los Angeles . Firing back: Klum says her split with Seal was to do with issues they had together and that no third party was involved . She also reminded the public that the . Kiss From A Rose singer has had his own romantic liaisons since their break-up, . adding: 'Seal has moved on and so have I.' Despite the ugly and unexpected twist . in their seemingly amicable divorce, she tried to remain positive about . their time together. 'I cherish all of the great memories Seal and I created together over the years,' she said. She concluded: 'My priority has and continues to be protecting and providing for our children.' Under attack: Earlier the model was seen leaving Los . Angeles after her estranged husband Seal's claims she cheated on . him during their marriage . Turning bitter: Heidi jetted out alone and . right, Seal arriving at LAX on Friday where he was asked about the . supermodel's romance with her bodyguard . Seal, 49, shocked fans - and Heidi - on . Friday when he was asked by TMZ about pictures of his estranged wife . cosying up to her bodyguard Martin Kristen on a family vacation in Sardinia. Kristen worked for the family while Heidi was married to Seal. He replied: 'Whilst I didn't expect . anything better from him, I would have thought that Heidi would have . shown a little more class and at least waited until we separated first . before deciding to fornicate with the help.' He continued: 'I guess you now all have the answer that you’ve been looking for for the past seven months.' He's moved on too, remember! Seal was pictured with a brunette during his own visit to Sardinia in July . But however unambiguous his words . sounded, a representative for the British singer yesterday backtracked, . claiming he had not meant to accuse Heidi of cheating. The representative told Us Weekly: . ‘Seal would like to clarify that he was not implying his wife was . cheating while they were together, but he was merely pointing out that . their separation and divorce were not final and they are still legally . married.’ Although they were believed to have one of the most rock-solid marriages in showbiz, Seal, 49, and Heidi, 39, announced the end of their seven-year union in January. The two have four children together who they continue to co-parent - Leni, eight, Henry, six, Johan, five, and Lou, two.
highlights: Seal attempted to backtrack over his comments yesterday . Singer was seen snuggling up to a pretty brunette on a yacht weeks ago .
id: e49abf938b9969172310075554a4c1fd6fde0e74
chatgpt: Seal, the renowned singer, found himself in hot water after his controversial comments on social media. However, he attempted to backtrack on his comments yesterday, issuing a statement that sought to clarify his position on the matter. The controversy started when the singer posted a tweet that some people perceived as a criticism of Oprah Winfrey. The tweet, which has since been deleted, read: "When you have been part of the problem for decades, but suddenly they all think you are the solution." Many people, including fans of Oprah, took this tweet to mean that Seal was calling out the legendary talk show host for her supposed complicity in the ongoing sexual harassment scandals that have rocked Hollywood. However, others saw the tweet as a more general indictment of the entertainment industry as a whole. In his statement yesterday, Seal attempted to clarify his position, saying that he was not attacking Oprah in particular, but rather the entertainment industry as a whole. He also denied that his tweet was intended to be disrespectful to anyone. "I would like to apologise unreservedly for any offence caused by my comments," the singer said. "I have the utmost respect for Oprah, and for anyone who has been a victim of sexual harassment or abuse." Despite his attempt to backtrack, many people on social media remained unconvinced by Seal's explanation. Some accused him of trying to have his cake and eat it too, by criticising the industry while at the same time avoiding any direct criticism of a specific person or organisation. However, while the controversy raged over his comments, it seems that Seal has been able to find solace in the arms of a pretty brunette. The singer was recently spotted snuggling up to the woman on a yacht, in pictures that have since gone viral on social media. The identity of the woman is not known, but she is believed to be a long-time friend of Seal's. The pictures show the two of them relaxing and chatting together, with Seal's arm draped affectionately around her. While the timing of the yacht trip may have raised a few eyebrows, especially given the ongoing furore surrounding Seal's comments, it seems that the singer was simply taking some time to unwind and relax. For his part, Seal has made no comment on the pictures or his relationship with the mysterious brunette. However, some fans have speculated that the trip may have been a much-needed escape from the criticism that the singer has been receiving online. Regardless of the controversy, it seems that Seal is still able to attract a large following of fans who appreciate his music and his talents as a performer. Whether he will be able to weather this latest storm of controversy remains to be seen, but for now, he seems content to simply enjoy some time on the water with a close friend.