article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 04:06 EST, 20 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 04:07 EST, 20 January 2014 . Popular: Grüner Veltliner is the most popular Austrian wine, accounting for 36 per cent of the nation's vineyards . It is almost three decades since millions of bottles were tainted with engine coolant. Now, finally, the Austrian wine industry appears to be off the rack - with a huge boost in popularity at Waitrose. The upmarket supermarket chain recorded a 53 per cent rise in sales last year compared to the year before, after a steep rise in the number of vineyards. The Times reported the number of large-scale vineyards in Austria has increased from 1,000 five years ago to 1,600 in 2012, with wine now worth more than £115 million to the national economy. The news comes 29 years after millions of bottles of Austrian wine were tainted with diethylene glycol in one of the biggest food and drink scandals of the last century. Growers had added the sweet-tasting chemical, used to make antifreeze, in a desperate bid to make batches of cheap, unappealing wine more appetising. West Germany banned all Austrian wine completely and several people were arrested and fined over the scandal. In all, 36 million bottles were destroyed and had to be poured into the ovens of a cement plant as a cooling agent because they could not be emptied into the sewers. The scandal almost destroyed the Austrian wine market completely, with legitimate merchants unable to convince foreign buyers that their bottles would not be suspect. A year later, the amount of Austrian wine being exported had dropped by 90 per cent. However, the strict laws brought in after the scandal gave growers the chance to abandon the 'pile high, sell cheap' culture favoured before by many in Austria. Boost: Austrian wines have seen a leap in sales of 53 per cent year-on-year at Waitrose . Waitrose wine buyer Cat Lomax told the Times the quality of wine emerging from the country has transformed. Willi Klinger, general manager of the Austrian Wine Marketing Board, told the newspaper demand from the UK was outstripping that of almost every other country. 'The increase did not come from the traditionally strong markets of Germany, Switzerland and the U.S., but from the former "problem children" like Scandinavia, the Beneleux countries, United Kingdom and Japan,' he said. Austrian white wines, grown from grapes along the banks of the River Danube, are said to go especially well with Thai and Japanese food.
highlights: Austria's market almost collapsed completely after the 1985 scandal . But UK is now one of the fastest-growing markets for big Austrian vineyards . Number has increased from 1,000 to 1,600 in four years, The Times reported .
id: d5c293f3d1e34428952facdb51181d110ead705c
chatgpt: The Austrian wine market almost completely collapsed in the aftermath of a scandal in 1985 which saw the country's wine exports fall off a cliff. Decades later, however, the industry is finding success in an unlikely place: the United Kingdom. According to a report in The Times, big Austrian vineyards are finding a growing market in the UK. In just four years, the number of Austrian vineyards exporting to the UK has gone from 1,000 to 1,600. This is due in large part to a renewed interest in Austrian wine, which has long been overshadowed by its better-known neighbors, France and Italy. One of the reasons for this renewed interest is the quality of Austrian wines, which are gaining a reputation for being high-quality, distinctive, and interesting. Austria's location, with its varied terrain and climate, produces a wide range of grapes, from those grown in the cooler climate of the north to those grown in the warmer, sunnier south. This creates a variety of flavors and textures, making Austrian wines stand out from the crowd. The UK has also been a pivotal market for Austrian wines, as it is one of the few countries in the world where consumers are open to trying new and different wines. This willingness to experiment has allowed Austrian vineyards to showcase their unique wines to a wider audience, which has in turn helped to boost sales and interest. Another factor contributing to the success of Austrian wines in the UK is the increasing popularity of organic and biodynamic wines. Austrian winemakers have been at the forefront of these movements, with many vineyards focusing on natural and sustainable practices. This has helped to position Austrian wines as an ethical and environmentally-friendly choice, which has resonated with UK consumers. Overall, it's clear that the Austrian wine industry has come a long way since the 1985 scandal. With a renewed focus on quality and sustainability, and the UK market proving to be receptive to their wines, Austrian vineyards have a bright future ahead.