article: By . Alasdair Glennie . PUBLISHED: . 17:12 EST, 30 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:26 EST, 1 October 2013 . Her bombshell looks captured the nation’s attention when she starred in the Profumo affair. And half a century after the notorious sex scandal rocked the political establishment, Mandy Rice-Davies appears to have lost none of her striking beauty. Appearing at the launch of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s new musical about the affair, the glamorous 68-year-old could have been mistaken for the much younger actress who will play her on stage. Charlotte Blackledge, who plays Mandy Rice Davies and the former showgirl . Charlotte Blackledge, Andrew Lloyd Webber and Mandy Rice Davies pictured at the launch of the new musical . The former showgirl posed next to Charlotte Blackledge, 21, who will make her professional stage debut when the show opens in London’s Aldwych Theatre in December. Miss Rice-Davies advised Lloyd Webber on the storyline, but her friend Christine Keeler was nowhere to be seen at yesterday’s launch, having refused to take part. Miss Keeler’s sexual liaisons with Tory minister John Profumo and Russian naval attaché Yevgeny Ivanov led to one of the biggest political scandals of the 20th century. But pictured last month, she was almost unrecognisable from the 19-year-old brunette who found herself embroiled in the affair in 1963. Bombshells: Mandy Rice-Davies (left) and Christine Keeler (right) who found themselves embroiled in the affair . Glamour: Miss Rice-Davies pictured yesterday with Charlotte Blackledge (left) and Christine Keeler pictured last month near her home in South London (right) Christine Keeler, former model who was involved in the John Profumo Affair is pictured right with Mandy Rice Davies . The 71-year-old – who now lives in sheltered accommodation in south London - will be played by actress Charlotte Spencer in Lloyd Webber’s musical. Then Minister of War, Profumo was forced to quit in disgrace after he lied to the House of Commons about his affair. It was alleged Keeler was asked to spy on him by the Russians. They were introduced by society osteopath Stephen Ward - at a party in Cliveden House in Berkshire in 1961. Ward was later prosecuted for living off the immoral earnings of Miss Rice-Davies and Miss Keeler but took an overdose before his trial ended and died three days after being convicted. The trial implicated several establishment figures in an underworld of sex and prostitution and damaged the government of Tory prime minister Harold Macmillan. Giving evidence, Miss Rice-Davies was questioned over her relationship with Viscount Astor, who owned Cliveden House. After the prosecuting lawyer pointed out he had denied ever having met her, she famously replied: ‘He would, wouldn’t he?’ Lloyd Webber said the trial was ‘one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in British history’ and said he hoped his musical – entitled Stephen Ward - would help set the record straight. He said: ‘I find him a fascinating character. He was clearly a life-enhancer. But in no way was he an immoral person.’
highlights: Mandy Rice-Davies appears to have lost none of her striking beauty . Former showgirl posed next to actress Charlotte Blackledge, 21 . Christine Keeler was nowhere to be seen at yesterday’s launch . Miss Keeler’s sexual liaisons with Tory minister John Profumo led to one of the biggest political scandals of the 20th century .
id: 34981da50ca0a25158d5a7d58f038f0af53fa931
chatgpt: Mandy Rice-Davies, the former showgirl and model, has appeared at a launch event, stunning onlookers with her still impressive beauty. Rice-Davies, now in her seventies, posed for photographs next to actress Charlotte Blackledge, 21, at the event, which took place yesterday. The launch was designed to celebrate the life and career of Christine Keeler, who was at the center of one of the biggest political scandals of the 20th century. However, Keeler was nowhere to be seen at the event, leaving Rice-Davies and Blackledge to steal the show. For those who don't remember, Keeler was a young woman who had an affair with John Profumo, a Conservative Party politician, during the early 1960s. The affair was made public when it became clear that Keeler was also involved with a Soviet diplomat, which caused a huge scandal in Britain's political circles. Rice-Davies was one of the key figures in the scandal, having been brought up during the trial that followed. She famously claimed, "Well, he would, wouldn't he?" when told that the Lord Astor had denied an affair between them. This line became legendary, and Rice-Davies herself became something of an icon for her role in the scandal. At the launch event yesterday, Rice-Davies looked every inch the glamorous woman she always was. Despite being in her seventies, she appeared to have lost none of her striking beauty. She posed for photographs in a sparkling champagne-colored dress and wore her hair in classic Hollywood-style waves. Actress Charlotte Blackledge, who was also present at the event, appeared thrilled to be photographed next to Rice-Davies. The young starlet looked stunning in a simple black dress and wore her hair in an elegant up-do. While Rice-Davies and Blackledge may have been the stars of the show yesterday, Christine Keeler's shadow loomed large over the proceedings. The former showgirl and model may have lost none of her beauty, but it was Keeler's sexual liaisons with John Profumo that led to one of the biggest political scandals of the 20th century. Despite her absence, Keeler's presence was felt at the event, which featured a number of speeches and presentations about her life and career. The attention may have been focused on Keeler, but Rice-Davies and Blackledge's appearance proved that there was still plenty of interest in those who had been involved in the scandal. For those who remember the Profumo Affair, yesterday's event was a fitting tribute to a time and place that will never be forgotten. For those who are too young to recall the scandal, it was a chance to learn about a period of British history that still holds a powerful fascination. And for those who simply appreciate beauty and glamour, Rice-Davies and Blackledge were a sight to behold. Whatever the reason for their presence, it was clear that their striking beauty was still able to captivate viewers after all these years.