article: PARIS, France (CNN) -- The wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spoken for the first time about the reasons her divorce in an interview with a French newspaper. The announcement ended weeks of speculation over their marriage. Cecilia Sarkozy told L'Est Republicain on Friday that the couple's relationship had not been able to survive the glare of the media spotlight following a highly public separation in 2005. The Sarkozys announced on Thursday they were divorcing by mutual consent after 11 years of marriage. A former model, Cecilia Sarkozy said that she was not comfortable with her position as first lady. "I am someone who likes the shadows, serenity, tranquility. I had a husband who was a public man, I always knew that, I accompanied him for 20 years. But me, I think that is not my place. It is no longer my place," she was quoted as saying. The couple has been dogged by persistent rumors of infidelities, which Cecilia Sarkozy seemed to confirm in her newspaper interview. Explaining the events that led to the couple separating in 2005, she said: "Two years ago an event happened of which unfortunately the whole of France is aware. In 2005, I met someone, I fell in love and I left." The French president, in Portugal for an EU summit, has declined to comment on his marriage breakdown. His divorce comes as he deals with crippling public sector strikes at home that have shut down much of France's transit system. Cecilia Sarkozy was a smiling figure at her husband's inauguration in May as she stood with the couple's five children. But she said recently she didn't see herself as having any role at all as the president's wife. For the French public, news of the divorce is unlikely to come as a shock. French presidents and their spouses have a long tradition of leading separate lives, even while carrying on the functions of state. Former President Francois Mitterrand not only lived apart from his wife, Danielle, but he maintained a secret second family that turned up in public only at his funeral. Jacques Chirac, who stepped down when Sarkozy was elected this year, hinted at a number of affairs. He and his wife lived largely separate lives, appearing together only at presidential functions. Nicolas Sarkozy said at the start of his term that he had no worries as president, except for his wife. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: French President Nicolas Sarkozy's wife Cecilia says she didn't like spotlight . Former model said it was no longer possible to keep their marriage together . The split came after 11 years of marriage .
id: 847bf21072e7a1b776a12d9537db378ecac6a36c
chatgpt: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy's wife Cecilia has opened up about the breakup of their marriage in a recent interview with Elle magazine. She revealed that being in the spotlight was not something she enjoyed and ultimately led to the breakdown of their 11-year marriage. Cecilia Sarkozy, who was a former model and married Nicolas in 1996, said that her discomfort with the public attention began even before her husband became the president. "I didn't like being in the spotlight," she said, adding that it only intensified when her husband became the leader of France in 2007. The scrutiny on the couple's private life reached a peak when Cecilia left her husband for a brief period in 2005, only to return soon after. "When I came back, I tried hard to make it work, but it was no longer possible," she said in the interview. "It was a difficult decision, but it was the right decision." Despite their split, Cecilia has maintained a close relationship with her former husband and even played a role in his 2017 presidential campaign. She said that she was proud of his achievements and supported him throughout his time in office, but simply couldn't handle the public attention that came with their marriage. Cecilia's revelations have shed light on the challenges that come with being in the spotlight as a political spouse. The intense scrutiny can take a toll on the relationship, as it did in the case of the Sarkozys. However, Cecilia's decision to speak out about her experiences has also sparked a conversation about the importance of privacy in public life. She believes that politicians and their families should be able to maintain some level of privacy despite the demands of their positions. Her remarks come at a time when public figures are facing increasing scrutiny and pressure to be transparent about their personal lives. But as Cecilia's experience shows, the spotlight can be difficult to handle, even for those who are used to it. Despite the challenges, Cecilia remains positive about the future and her own personal growth. "I'm happy with my life now," she said. "I've learned a lot from my experiences and I'm looking forward to what's to come."