article: (CNN) -- The Florida Department of Health confirmed an increase in the number of cases of dengue fever acquired in the Key West area. New statistics from the department said 24 cases of dengue fever have been reported in Key West through mid-July. Of those, 18 involve Key West residents, five are residents of other Florida counties and one case involves a resident of another state. In addition, 49 so-called "imported" cases of dengue fever are reported in Florida. Those cases involved people who had traveled to areas under a dengue endemic, such as the Caribbean or Central and South America. The last time there was a dengue outbreak in Florida was 1934. Dengue is acquired through the bite of certain species of mosquitoes, primarily Aedes aegypti, but also Aedes albopictus, both of which are present in Florida, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Surviving dengue fever: The first known victim of the outbreak . "We are concerned that if dengue gains a foothold in Key West, it will travel to other Southern cities ... like Miami," said Harold Margolis, chief of the dengue branch of the CDC in a press release in July. Dengue is the most common virus transmitted by mosquitoes in the world. It causes as many as 100 million infections and kills 25,000 people every year. Dengue is found in tropical and sub-tropical climates worldwide, mostly in urban and semi-urban areas, according to the World Health Organization. Symptoms appear three to 14 days after the bite of an infected mosquito, according to the Florida Department of Health. They include sudden onset of fever, severe headache, severe pain behind the eyes, muscle, joint and bone pain (giving the disease the nickname "break-bone fever") and bleeding. Gastrointestinal symptoms such as vomiting and diarrhea may also be present in some cases. Dengue fever symptoms usually last four to seven days. It is often diagnosed incorrectly because the symptoms are similar to influenza and other viruses. Dengue hemorrhagic fever is a rare but more severe form of dengue infection that can be fatal if not recognized and treated. The Florida Department of Health encourages people to be proactive against mosquitoes, said Susan Smith of the department. "Wearing clothing that covers the skin and bug spray with deet are two steps that all Floridians and visitors can take to protect themselves." There is no vaccine to prevent dengue, but early detection and treatment can reduce the risk of severe illness. Locally acquired dengue outbreaks in the United States are rare. There have been a few confirmed cases along the Texas-Mexico border in recent years. CNN's Lisa McClure contributed to this report.
highlights: Number of cases of dengue fever in Key West area increases to 24 . Dengue fever is caused by bite of certain species of mosquito found in Florida . Officials: Symptoms appear 3-14 days after a bite of an infected mosquito . Symptoms include severe headache, eye pain, joint, muscle and bone pain .
id: 8bdc93a3eecc352b10ca3b0c2c5681ac740df7ba
chatgpt: According to recent reports, the number of dengue fever cases in the Key West area has reached 24, sparking concerns among local officials and residents. Dengue fever is a viral disease caused by the bite of certain species of mosquitoes found in Florida, namely the Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus. The Florida Department of Health in Monroe County has issued a warning to the residents and visitors to take extra precautions against mosquito bites as the disease can be easily spread from person-to-person through mosquitoes. The officials have also explained that symptoms of dengue fever usually appear between 3-14 days after a bite of an infected mosquito, and the initial symptoms may be confused with those of the flu. Symptoms of dengue fever include severe headache, eye pain, joint, muscle, and bone pain. Moreover, patients may experience fever, fatigue, vomiting, and skin rash. In rare cases, dengue fever can have severe complications and even lead to death. As of now, the Department of Health has begun a comprehensive mosquito control program with the assistance of the County Administration, which includes spraying affected and surrounding areas for mosquitoes, removing standing water, and conducting active surveillance for the virus. In addition to the control program, the Department of Health suggests residents and visitors take the following precautions to prevent mosquito bites: 1. Wear protective clothing outdoors, such as long-sleeved shirts and pants. 2. Use mosquito repellents containing DEET, picaridin, oil of lemon eucalyptus, or IR3535. 3. Keep windows and doors shut or screened to keep mosquitoes out of the house. 4. Clean out gutters and any items outside that hold water, such as pots, planters, and toys. The Department also recommends that people seek medical attention if they develop symptoms of dengue fever or if they feel sick after being bitten by a mosquito. Early detection and treatment can help prevent severe complications and hospitalization. The recent increase in the number of cases of dengue fever in the Key West area is concerning, but the measures taken by the Department of Health, in collaboration with the County Administration, are aimed at preventing the spread of the disease. It is vital that residents and visitors take the necessary precautions to protect themselves from mosquito bites and avoid the risk of contracting dengue fever.