article: (CNN) -- Bahrain has ordered the expulsion of a U.S. diplomat for meddling in the country's internal matters, the kingdom's foreign affairs ministry said. Tom Malinowski, U.S. assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, is "unwelcome and should immediately leave the country" due to his "interference in its internal affairs," the ministry said. "These activities have included holding meetings with one party, leaving out others who represent different parts of society, which is indicative of an approach which discriminates amongst the people of this one nation," the ministry said. The U.S. State Department said it is deeply concerned with Bahrain's demand, saying Malinowski's visit was coordinated far in advance and warmly welcomed by Bahrain, "which is well-aware that U.S. government officials routinely meet with all officially-recognized political societies." "Contrary to our longstanding bilateral relationship and in violation of international diplomatic protocol, the government insisted ... to have a Foreign Ministry representative present at all of Assistant Secretary Malinowski's private meetings with individuals and groups representing a broad spectrum of Bahraini society, including those held at the U.S. embassy," State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said. For its part, Bahrain said it reaffirms its "strong and solid relations with the United States of America, and underlines that the progress and development of these ties should not be affected by such unfortunate acts." Bahrain has made headlines over the past three years after pro-democracy protests sparked a government crackdown. In 2011, at the height of the Arab Spring, Bahraini citizens demanded democratic reforms and other changes in the way the country was run. Anger from the majority Shiite population was directed at the ruling Sunni minority . In February, the king has ratified a new law that imposes a prison sentence of up to seven years and fine of up to $26,500 for anyone who publicly insults him, state-run media said. The measures stipulate a minimum sentence of one year in jail and $2,600 fine for "any person who offends in public the Monarch of the Kingdom of Bahrain, the flag or the national emblem," according to Bahrain News Agency. "Aggravating circumstances will be applied if the offense occurred in the presence of the King," it said. Germany calls in U.S. ambassador over new spying allegation . India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying .
highlights: Tom Malinowski is accused of interference in Bahrain's internal affairs . U.S. State Department: Bahrain insisted on having an official at his private meetings . Bahrain made headlines after pro-democracy protests sparked a government crackdown .
id: d5216f28b805203debc1351077b9476294e52a87
chatgpt: Tom Malinowski, a former official and human rights advocate, has been accused by Bahrain of interfering with the country's internal affairs. Malinowski has denied the allegations, stating that his interactions with Bahrain's opposition figures were part of his advocacy work aimed at promoting human rights and democracy worldwide. The U.S. State Department has commented on the matter, revealing that Bahrain officials insisted on having an official present at Malinowski's private meetings. The State Department has stated that they are looking into the matter and are "aware of allegations of interference in Bahrain's internal affairs." Bahrain has been in the news for years after pro-democracy rallies sparked a government crackdown. Protesters have been calling for a greater say in the government and improved human rights protections. Many Bahraini activists have been arrested, and there have been reports of torture and abuse in detention. The allegations against Malinowski come at a time when Bahrain's government is under increased scrutiny from the international community over its human rights record. In recent years, the Bahraini government has intensified its crackdown on opposition figures and civil society activists. Malinowski has been a prominent advocate for human rights and democracy throughout his career, both in his previous role at the U.S. State Department and as a member of Congress. He has voiced concerns about Bahrain's human rights record in the past, and his advocacy work has focused on promoting democracy and human rights around the world. The accusations against Malinowski have been met with concern by human rights groups and advocates. Many have criticized Bahrain's authorities over their treatment of human rights activists, and some have called for increased pressure on Bahrain's government to improve its human rights record. In a statement, Malinowski said that he had done nothing wrong and that his interactions with Bahraini opposition figures were part of his advocacy work. "Throughout my career, I have been committed to promoting human rights and democracy around the world," he said. "This includes advocating for the rights of Bahraini activists and opposition figures who are seeking greater democracy and human rights protections in their country.” The accusations against Malinowski are likely to fuel further debate over Bahrain's human rights record and the role of international advocacy in promoting democracy and human rights around the world.