article: Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is the latest ex-Cabinet official in the Obama administration to publicly come out against President Barack Obama's handling of Syria and Iraq. In an interview on CBS News' "60 Minutes" that aired Sunday evening, Panetta told Scott Pelley that he "really thought that it was important for us to maintain a presence in Iraq." The United States withdrew its last combat troops from Iraq in 2011 after an agreement could not be reached with Iraqi President Nuri al-Maliki about residual U.S. troops. Panetta also said that the President should have been more aggressive in aiding Syrian opposition fighters two years ago. He said that would have hindered ISIS' rapid expansion of its reach and deadly influence. "The real key was, how can we develop a leadership group among the opposition that would be able to take control? And my view was to have leverage to do that, we would have to provide the weapons and the training in order for them to really be willing to work with us in that effort," he said. Obama insists that arming the rebels sooner wouldn't have helped stop the rise of ISIS. But he now says arming rebels fighting the terror group is a good idea. Congress last week approved his request to provide anti-ISIS Syrian rebels with weapons. This is the second time in a week that Panetta has criticized the President's handling of the latest foreign policy crisis, and he's the second of Obama's two former defense secretaries to publicly split with Obama after leaving the post. Robert Gates, Obama's first defense secretary, who also served under President George W. Bush, has criticized Obama for his handling of Syria. Last week at a forum in Dallas, which Panetta also attended, Gates said, "My bottom line is, I believe to blow a bunch of stuff up over a couple of days to underscore or validate a point or a principle is not a strategy." Gates, a Republican, has not been shy about airing his disagreement with Obama's policies. He gave a harsh critique in his memoir of the President's handling of Afghanistan, and in a Washington Post interview in June, Gates said the Obama administration is to blame for "a bit of neglect of Iraq after U.S. troops left." Panetta is close with former President Bill Clinton and his wife, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Long before he worked in the Obama administration as CIA director and then defense secretary, he served as Bill Clinton's chief of staff in 1994. Over the weekend, Bill Clinton said on CNN's "Fareed Zakaria GPS" that he "supported two years ago" his wife's proposal "to give more robust armed support to the Syrians." Hillary Clinton is considering a presidential run in 2016 and has tried to distance herself from Obama's foreign policy.
highlights: Obama's former defense secretary splits with the President on Iraq and Syria . Panetta is the second former Obama defense secretary to publicly criticize the President's foreign policy . Bill Clinton says he agreed with Hillary Clinton that Syrian rebels should have been armed sooner .
id: 6b2c4b2604bfa41cfb7c4fd63a6b93bd598d9f35
chatgpt: Former U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta broke ranks with President Obama in a recent interview with CBS News' Face the Nation, criticizing the administration's policy in Iraq and Syria. This marks the second time a former defense secretary has publicly criticized the president's foreign policy. Panetta, who served under Obama from 2011 to 2013, was particularly critical of the President's decision not to take action against Syria after the regime used chemical weapons against its own citizens in 2013. "I think that decision not to take military action is one that, in many ways, haunted him and unfortunately I think played a role in convincing the world that the United States would not stand by its word," Panetta said. Panetta also expressed concern about the U.S. strategy in Iraq, saying that it would take a long time to defeat ISIS and that the U.S. was looking for a quick fix. "It's going to take a long time to do this. It's going to take a lot of hard work. We're going to have to be patient. But we cannot give up on this effort," Panetta said. But Panetta wasn't the only former high-ranking government official to criticize Obama's foreign policy. Former President Bill Clinton recently admitted that he agreed with his wife Hillary Clinton that the U.S. should have armed Syrian rebels sooner. "I always agreed with her that we should've done, more earlier to try to identify some of the moderate groups, vet them, train them, and equip them," Clinton said in an interview with CNN. The remarks from Panetta and Clinton come at a particularly difficult time for Obama, who has come under fire for his handling of the Syrian refugee crisis and his decision to withdraw troops from Iraq, which some argue paved the way for the rise of ISIS. The criticism from within his own party is particularly stinging, as both Panetta and the Clintons are well-respected figures within the Democratic establishment. Despite the criticism, Obama has remained steadfast in his approach, arguing that the U.S. must avoid getting bogged down in another costly and lengthy conflict. "We're not going to be able to just solve this with a few drone strikes or by sending in tens of thousands of troops and committing the kinds of blood and treasure that we did in Iraq and Afghanistan," Obama said in a recent speech. But with the situation in Syria and Iraq worsening by the day, it remains to be seen whether Obama's approach will be enough to stop the spread of ISIS and bring stability to the region.