article: By . Associated Press . Former star pitcher turned television analyst Curt Schilling announced on Wednesday that he is battling cancer. The 47-year-old Schilling, who spent 20 years in the major leagues before retiring in 2009, divulged the news in a statement released through his employer, Bristol-based ESPN. It did not indicate what type of cancer Schilling has, when he was diagnosed or what his prognosis might be. 'With my incredibly talented medical team I'm ready to try and win another big game,' he said. 'I've been so very blessed and I feel grateful for what God has allowed my family to have and experience, and I'll embrace this fight just like the rest of them, with resolute faith and head on.' Scroll down for video . Curt Schilling announced he had cancer on Wednesday but he did not specify which type of cancer . ESPN spokesman Mike Soltys said Schilling is taking a leave of absence. He recently signed a multi-year contract extension with the network and was to be part of the 'Sunday Night Baseball' broadcast team, as well as contribute to the network's studio coverage, including its spring training coverage, Soltys said. 'Our thoughts are with Curt and his family during this challenging time,' the Bristol-based network said in a statement. 'His ESPN teammates wish him continued strength in his cancer fight and we look forward to welcoming him back to our baseball coverage whenever he's ready.' Schilling played for five teams during his Major League career. He won three world championships, with the Arizona Diamondbacks (2001) and Boston Red Sox (2004, 2007), sharing the World Series MVP award with teammate Randy Johnson in 2001. He won 216 games and struck out 3,116 batters during his career, but is perhaps best known for pitching in the 2004 ALCS and World Series after having stitches to mend an ankle injury. His bloody sock was later put on display in Cooperstown. Schilling has been in the news recently after the failure of 38 Studios, a video game company he owned in Rhode Island, with the help of a $75 million state loan. The company went bankrupt last year, leaving Rhode Island taxpayers on the hook to pay back tens of millions of dollars. Schilling said he invested and lost as much as $50 million. This is not the first time he and his family have battled health issues. Schilling recently revealed he suffered a heart attack in November 2011. His wife, Shonda, successfully battled melanoma in 2001. Schilling was a starting pitcher for the Boston Red Sox . Schilling also was the starting pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies .
highlights: Curt Schilling, 47, announced he had cancer via a statement by his employer, Bristol based ESPN . The statement did not indicate what type of cancer that Schilling has or what the prognosis might be . He won 216 games and struck out 3,116 . batters during his career, but is perhaps best known for pitching in the . 2004 ALCS and World Series after having stitches to mend an ankle . injury . Schilling will be taking a leave of absence .
id: a1248d00209ea338de2b9a649f36ddf47792cd92
chatgpt: Curt Schilling, one of baseball's most iconic pitchers, has announced that he has cancer. The news was released by his employer, Bristol based ESPN, in a statement that did not disclose the type of cancer or his prognosis. The 47-year-old former pro athlete amassed an impressive 216 wins and struck out 3,116 batters in his career.  Although Schilling enjoyed a successful career, it was his memorable performances during the 2004 American League Championship Series (ALCS) and World Series that made him a legendary figure. Despite suffering an ankle injury, Schilling pitched in both series and helped the Boston Red Sox to win their first World Series in 86 years. He later revealed that he had undergone a surgical procedure to stitch up his ankle.  Schilling's announcement that he has cancer has come as a shock to many baseball fans. He has been a high-profile figure in the sport for many years, and his contributions to the game have been significant. In addition to his impressive pitching record, Schilling has long been an advocate for the sport and has worked to promote its growth and popularity.  ESPN, the network for which Schilling currently serves as a baseball analyst, has issued a statement expressing their support for him. They have also announced that he will be taking a leave of absence from his duties while he undergoes treatment. It is unclear how long Schilling will require for his treatment or what his eventual return to work will look like.  While the news is certainly concerning, Schilling is not the first high-profile athlete to be diagnosed with cancer. Many others have successfully battled the disease and gone on to lead productive and fulfilling lives. Schilling's status as a public figure and athlete may help to promote awareness about cancer and inspire others who are battling similar health conditions.  For now, Schilling's fans and supporters will no doubt be keeping a keen eye on his progress and wishing him a speedy and full recovery. While the news is certainly unexpected, it is hoped that Schilling will be able to overcome his health challenges and emerge stronger than ever before.