article: Claim: Supporters of Mayor Lutfur Rahman allegedly handed out lollipops to the children of voters . Voters were promised council houses if they re-elected their mayor, a court heard yesterday. Islamic sections of the electorate were told they should be ‘good Muslims’ by voting for Mayor Lutfur Rahman, it was said. In a further bid to win votes, supporters of Mr Rahman allegedly handed out lollipops to the children of voters in Tower Hamlets, East London. A petition brought before the High Court claims the re-election of the mayor in May was fraudulent ‘in a variety of forms’. It alleges that council officers were bullied into ‘securing a certain number of votes’ and were threatened with the sack if they refused. Votes were cast in the names of people who were not ‘entitled to be on the electoral register’ and numerous postal ballots were filled in by the same person, the court heard. And false allegations that rival candidate John Biggs was a racist and anti-Islamic were circulated. Mr Rahman, who is serving a second term as the mayor of the borough, won by some 3,000 votes. The petition, brought by residents Andrew Erlam, Debbie Simone, Azmal Hussain and Angela Moffat, claims that supporters of the mayor descended on 41 polling stations at night, ‘making it difficult or impossible for voters to get into the stations’. Allegations: A petition brought before the High Court (pictured) claims the re-election of the mayor in May was fraudulent 'in a variety of forms' The men were ‘telling voters that they must vote for Mayor Rahman in an intimidating manner’, the petition claims. The statement also cited concerns ‘that polling station officials folded the ballot papers in such a way to obscure one of the candidates’. James Laddie QC, acting for Mr Rahman, said his client denied all the allegations. He asked Mr Justice Supperstone and Mr Justice Spencer to dismiss the petition. The four petitioners are seeking a trial date so that their petition can be heard in full. The hearing continues.
highlights: Islamic voters allegedly told to be 'good Muslims' by electing Lutfur Rahman . His supporters handed out lollipops to the children of voters, it is claimed . Mr Rahman, serving a second term as borough mayor, won by 3,000 votes .
id: ec961b7d0912e7753dffe4360b77481eba96f2e1
chatgpt: Lutfur Rahman, the current borough mayor of Tower Hamlets in London, has been re-elected for a second term after winning by a margin of 3,000 votes. However, his victory has been marred by allegations that his supporters engaged in unethical practices to sway the Muslim vote. According to reports, Islamic voters in the borough were allegedly told to be "good Muslims" by supporting Rahman in the elections. It is claimed that his supporters were handing out lollipops to the children of voters in a bid to influence them. The allegations have sparked outrage, with many calling for an investigation into the matter. Critics see this as an attempt to sway the Muslim vote, which could have played a significant role in Rahman's victory. The use of religious sentiment to influence votes is a serious breach of ethical standards in political campaigning. It is important that political leaders and candidates do not use religion to gain an unfair advantage in elections. The use of sweets to influence children too, is a tactic that has no place in democratic elections. Many residents in Tower Hamlets are concerned about the impact of Rahman's re-election on the borough. Some have accused him of divisive tactics during his previous term, and worry that his policies may exacerbate tensions within the community. The outcome of the mayoral elections in Tower Hamlets has far-reaching implications for politics in the UK. Rahman's victory raises concerns about the ethics of electoral campaigns, and the responsibility of political leaders to maintain standards of integrity and transparency. It remains to be seen how the authorities will respond to the allegations of impropriety in Tower Hamlets. However, this incident serves as a reminder of the importance of fair, democratic and transparent electoral processes that reflect the will of the people, regardless of religion or other social factors. It is essential that such conduct does not recur in the future.