article: The cartoon-like face that was painted over a 19th century religious artwork is now popping up on some of the world's most revered masterpieces - from Madonna and Child to the Mona Lisa. Cecilia Jimenez, 80, painted her crude rendition of Christ's face over a crumbling fresco on the wall of a Spanish church, and the altered version became an overnight sensation when pictures of her amateur 'restoration' hit the internet. Now her notorious DIY job has sparked a craze for copycat 'restorations', but art lovers can breathe a sigh of relief as the alterations have been mocked-up purely for comic purposes. Scroll down for video . DIY job: Cecilia Jimenez's botched restoration of a 120-year-old Spanish fresco has sparked a stream of copycat 'restorations' of famous artworks online . Many of Leonardo Da Vinci's most iconic creations have been given the botched restoration treatment; with the Mona Lisa's famously enigmatic smile obscured by Jimienez's work. Jokers on the web also replaced the face of the baby in the Renaissance master's Madonna and Child with the face from the fresco, and transformed Jesus and all twelve of his apostles in The Last Supper. Fans of the restored fresco also tinkered with more modern masterpieces, including Edvard Munch's The Scream, which the expressionist artist worked on between 1893 and 1910. Fans of the restored fresco have also . tinkered with more modern masterpieces, including Edvard Munch's The . Scream, which the expressionist artist worked on between 1893 and 1910. Andy Warhol's famous pop art print of Marilyn Monroe has also been given a surreal makeover, with the iconic actress's features swapped for those of the freshly-painted fresco Jesus. Masterpieces made-over: The Mona Lisa's famous smile is hidden behind the rendition of Jesus, left, while Edvard Munch's subject really has something to scream about in this altered version of the masterpiece, right . Reworking: The handiwork of Cecilia Jiminez has made its way onto The Last Supper, by Renaissance master Leonardo Da Vinci . Spot the difference: Internet jokers have made a not-so-subtle change to Da Vinci's Madonna and Child . Hollywood makeover: Andy Warhol's iconic pop art print of Marilyn Monroe has also been transformed (inset) Elias Garcia Martinez's 120-year-old Ecce Homo is likely to have attracted little attention outside the Spanish town of Borja before Cecilia Jiminez was inspired to whip out her paintbrush and 'repair' damage to the crumbling fresco on the wall of the Sanctuary of Mercy church. But since pictures of her handiwork made headlines around the world crowds have been queuing up at the church to have their photo taken with the artwork, and a Twitter account set up under the name of Fresco Jesus has over 4,000 followers. Initial reports suggested the elderly woman took it upon herself to alter the artwork - which had been damaged by moisture in the church - without asking for permission. But the 80-year-old has since said the priest had given her the go-ahead to carry out her repair job.
highlights: Masterpieces by Da Vinci and Munch are transformed by internet jokers after an elderly woman's botched restoration of a 19th century fresco became a sensation .
id: f3ef843afcea65823492800d43f49fcc5e647c4e
chatgpt: Masterpieces by Leonardo da Vinci and Edvard Munch have become the latest victims of internet trolling after the botched restoration of a 19th-century fresco in Spain became a sensation. The painting, depicting the Face of Christ, was painted by Elias Garcia Martinez but was ruined by Cecilia Gimenez, a local woman in her 80s who attempted to restore it herself.  The result was a distorted, cartoonish image that went viral and became known as “Ecce Monka.” However, the internet was not content with just ridiculing Gimenez’s amateur attempt at restoration - now they have set their sights on some of the most famous artworks in history.  Da Vinci’s Mona Lisa, arguably the most famous painting in the world, was transformed into a meme, complete with a “distracted boyfriend” in the background. Munch’s The Scream was Photoshopped to hold a Starbucks coffee cup, with the caption “I can’t even.”  These internet jokers have taken the art world by storm, bringing humor and levity to works that are typically held in high regard. However, there are concerns that this trend could bring about irreparable damage to these priceless pieces.  “Some people may view this as harmless fun, but these are masterpieces that have been admired and studied for centuries,” said art historian Amelia Jackson. “To intentionally distort them in such a way is disrespectful and could cause permanent damage.”  The internet has long been a platform for trolling, and artwork is no exception. In 2017, a group of teenagers vandalized a sculpture in Russia, adding graffiti and paint to alter the original work. In response, some online communities began Photoshopping the image to add even more absurd alterations.  While some argue that these modifications are harmless, others worry that they normalize vandalism and disrespect for art. “We need to remember the value and significance of these works, and treat them with the respect they deserve,” added Jackson.  The trend of “Ecce Monka” and other similar memes has sparked debate about digital art and the power of social media to turn anything into a viral sensation. While some argue that this is simply a reflection of our collective attention span and love of spectacle, others believe that it is indicative of a larger problem with the way we can view and interact with art in the digital age.  “There is a danger that we are losing the ability to appreciate art on its own terms,” said curator Maria Gomes. “When we only view it through a digital lens or as a source of entertainment, we lose its ability to challenge and captivate us in more meaningful ways.”  Regardless of which side of the debate you fall on, it cannot be denied that “Ecce Monka” and its spinoffs have captured the attention of the internet and brought art to a wider, younger audience. Whether this will result in a newfound appreciation for art or a further co-opting of culture for digital entertainment remains to be seen.