article: By . Jill Reilly . A drunken university student stabbed three people to death and injured more than two dozen others on a packed train in Taiwan. The seemingly random attack occurred at about 4 p.m. yesterday at the start of rush hour aboard a train on Taipei's Banqiao line. Taipei Police Chief Chen Kou-en identified the attacker as a . 21-year-old second-year student at Tunghai University in the central . city of Taichung. A drunken university student wielding a knife attacked riders aboard a subway train in Taiwan's capital on Wednesday, killing three people and injuring nearly two dozen others . The seemingly random attack occurred at about 4 p.m. at the start of rush hour aboard a train on Taipei's Banqiao line, which leads to the city's southwestern suburbs . Photos showed the floor of one of the train's cars and the adjacent station platform splattered with blood and strewn with backpacks, umbrellas and other items . Those killed were a 47-year-old woman and two men, one in his 20s and the other in his 30s, police said. Chen . said the man told police he had wanted to do something 'shocking and . big' and had plotted to carry out the attack from childhood. Chen said . no other motive was presently known. Police . said the man used a 10 centimetre-long (3 inch-long) knife in the . attack, and that he was also carrying a second blade three times as . long. Photos . showed the floor of one of the train's cars and the adjacent station . platform splattered with blood and strewn with backpacks, umbrellas and . other items. The government's Central News Agency and other media outlets described panicked passengers rushing from the train when it arrived at the Jiangzicui station, shouting for those waiting on the platform to flee . The . government's Central News Agency and other media outlets described . panicked passengers rushing from the train when it arrived at the . Jiangzicui station, shouting for those waiting on the platform to flee. They said security guards quickly called for police, who apprehended the man and took him into custody. They said the man smelt strongly of alcohol. Street crime is extremely rare in Taipei, one of Asia's safest cities, and violent incidents are practically unheard of in the city's extensive and well managed subway system.
highlights: Police identified the attacker as a 21-year-old second-year student . 47-year-old woman and two men in 20s and 30s were killed . The seemingly random attack occurred at about 4 p.m. in Taipei . Police stopped the man who smelt of alcohol and took him into custody .
id: 6661f76326405896c084c9bee86bc46635ccf4aa
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, a seemingly random attack in Taipei has left three people dead. The perpetrator was identified by police as a 21-year-old second-year student who was subsequently taken into custody. The attack occurred at around 4 p.m. when the perpetrator launched a seemingly unprovoked assault on a 47-year-old woman and two men in their 20s and 30s who were nearby. It is unclear what led to the attack, and the victims' identities have not yet been released. Police were quick to respond to the incident and managed to apprehend the attacker, who was said to smell of alcohol. The motive for the attack is currently unknown, and police are investigating the incident to determine what led to the unprovoked violence. News of the incident has shocked the community, with many residents expressing their condolences to the friends and families of the victims. A local resident, who wished to remain anonymous, stated, "It's a tragedy that something like this could happen in our neighborhood. We always thought of this area as a safe place to live, but now we realize that anything can happen." Some local residents have also expressed concern about the rise of violent crime in the area. Taipei has seen a recent increase in criminal activity, and some people are questioning whether enough is being done to keep the city safe. This incident serves as a reminder that random acts of violence can occur anywhere, and it is important for everyone to remain vigilant and aware of their surroundings. Authorities are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward to help with the investigation. As the community mourns the loss of the three victims, many are hoping that justice will be served, and that measures will be taken to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. Only time will tell what actions will be taken in response to this tragic event.