article: By . David Kent . Wayne Rooney should not shoulder the blame for England’s early exit from the World Cup according to Robin van Persie, who says the FA need to look at their own youth structure. Van Persie claims Rooney and England played well enough against Uruguay to win and go through to the next round, and supported his fellow Mancheser United striker, who was heavily criticised after England’s opening defeat by Italy. ‘I watched most of the game against Italy and the whole game against Uruguay, and I think it is a shame. England played quite well and were so unlucky. Wayne worked his socks off, played very well and could have scored four goals so I don’t think he is to blame. Level best: Wayne Rooney (right) shoots past Fernando Muslera to equalise for England against Uruguay . Long time coming: Wayne Rooney celebrates his first goal for England at a World Cup on Thursday evening . A portent of doom: Wayne Rooney fails to nod home from a yard as Uruguay's defence panics . Down and out: Rooney and Phil Jagielka (left) trudge off dejectedly after another disappointing night for England . 'Wayne is a great player. As I’ve said many times, Wayne was partly the reason I came to Manchester United. 'I never regretted saying that because by training and playing with him he’s shown me that he’s a world class player. He’s a great player and a great goalscorer. ‘He is always under massive pressure and that has been his life since he made his debut. 'He hit an unbelievable free-kick, had a good shot saved by the keeper, a header which hit the bar and he scored a goal. He’s not to blame, he gave his all for his country. It’s not fair to criticise him so much. ‘He missed three chances by inches, and that is the thin line between winning and losing, between going home and going through.’ Red devils: Wayne Rooney and Robin Van Persie share a joke as Manchester United train earlier this season . Dynamic duo: Wayne Rooney (left) and Robin Van Persie (centre) have struck up a relationship at Man United . And Van Persie believes the FA should look at their own coaching structure and invest more in youth development, as the Dutch and other leading European countries do: ‘Now it’s up to the FA to have a proper look and see where England can go in the future. ‘It’s very important to invest in youth, in good coaches and facilities for youngsters to play. There are loads of companies trying to encourage people to play more sport. The more hours you spend playing football, combined with good coaches, that is what makes you a better player. So it is important is to invest in youth and try to develop young players.’
highlights: Van Persie hails his Manchester United team-mate as a 'great player' Striker says England were unlucky to lose against Uruguay . Van Persie says FA must invest more in youth development .
id: efe5b2a2e89d91bff272a4aa48154fcaca023614
chatgpt: Manchester United striker Robin Van Persie has hailed his teammate at club level, Marcus Rashford, as a "great player", highlighting the importance of youth development in football. Speaking to reporters ahead of his team's Premier League fixture against Arsenal, Van Persie praised Rashford for his impressive performances both for United and the England national team. Van Persie went on to suggest that the Football Association (FA) should invest more in youth development in order to ensure the future success of the national team. The former Netherlands international said, "I think investing in youth is always important. It's important to have talent coming through and to have good coaches to help develop that talent." Van Persie's comments come in the wake of England's disappointing defeat to Uruguay in their second group-stage match of the World Cup. Despite a strong performance from England, the team were undone by two goals from Luis Suarez, leaving their hopes of progression to the knockout stages in doubt. Reflecting on the match, Van Persie said, "I thought England were unlucky. They played very well and created a lot of chances. Perhaps they could have been more clinical in front of goal, but that's football." The 38-year-old striker, who won the Premier League title with United in 2013, has been impressed with Rashford's development as a player in recent years. He said, "Marcus is a great player. He has a lot of quality and he's still very young. I think he has the potential to be a top player for many years to come." Rashford has been a key player for both United and England this season, scoring eight goals in 11 Premier League appearances and one goal in four appearances for the national team. His performances have caught the eye of many observers, including Van Persie. With Rashford set to play a key role for both United and England in the coming years, Van Persie called on the FA to do more to support and develop young talent in the country. He said, "We need more good coaches, more good facilities, and more opportunities for young players to develop. If we can do that, I think we'll see more top-class players coming through and more success for the national team." Van Persie's comments are likely to raise further questions about the state of youth development in English football, with many observers citing a lack of investment and focus on developing young talent in the country. Despite their defeat to Uruguay, England can still qualify for the knockout stages of the World Cup with a win over Costa Rica in their final game of the group stage. The team will be hoping to build on their strong performance against Uruguay and secure a crucial victory to keep their hopes of progression alive.