article: (CNN) -- Floyd Mayweather is returning to boxing after a year out of the ring, announcing he is to fight Victor Ortiz. The five-time world champion's last bout was against Shane Mosley in May 2010 as he won a unanimous decision in Las Vegas. Mayweather, 34, has won all 41 of his professional fights and is a six-time world champion at five different weights. Ortiz became the current World Boxing Council (WBC) welterweight champion after beating Andre Berto in April and the bout has been set for September 17. "I am ready to return to the ring and give my fans a fantastic night of boxing by fighting the best out there," Mayweather said in a statement. "For me, that is Victor Ortiz. He is the current champion and an extremely talented fighter, who showed amazing skills and heart in his last performance. "At this stage of my career, these are the challenges I look for -- a young, strong, rising star looking to make his mark in boxing by beating me. "Ortiz is just going to be another casualty, the 42nd one who tried and failed. Trust me. I will be ready." Mayweather has recorded 25 knockouts in his 41 bouts, while Ortiz has suffered two defeats and two draws in his 33 fights. The 24-year-old American said: "I respect Mayweather because he has been a champion for many years and I know he will be ready but so will I. "I'm a world champion for a reason and I am not going to let go of my title any time soon. This is going to be a great fight, but I will remain a world champion for many years to come." Mayweather's return to the ring will again raise the prospect of a so-called "superbout" with eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao. Since Mayweather last fought he was arrested at a Las Vegas casino in December last year on a misdemeanor battery charge after he allegedly assaulted a security guard at his housing complex . He has also been embroiled in domestic violence claims from his former girlfriend. He faces criminal charges in court in January.
highlights: Floyd Mayweather announces he is to fight Victor Ortiz on September 17 . Mayweather has been in retirement since defeating Shane Mosley in May 2010 . 24-year-old Ortiz is the current WBC welterweight champion .
id: fcdc5f6b91c78d7d8d48a23681bb03bd25fc809b
chatgpt: Boxing fans around the world are excited as Floyd Mayweather has announced he is coming out of retirement to fight Victor Ortiz on September 17. This will be Mayweather's first fight since defeating Shane Mosley in May 2010. Mayweather, who is widely regarded as one of the best boxers of all time, retired with an undefeated record of 50-0. His return to the ring has been highly anticipated and will undoubtedly draw a huge audience. The 42-year-old Mayweather will face a tough opponent in 24-year-old Ortiz, who is the current WBC welterweight champion. Ortiz has been on a hot streak, winning his last six fights, including a stunning upset victory against Andre Berto in 2011 to win the title. Despite being the older boxer, Mayweather is still considered by many to be the favorite in this fight. His speed, defense, and counterpunching skills are unmatched, and he has a wealth of experience in big fights. Mayweather has been training hard for his return to the ring, and he has already revealed that he is in excellent shape. He has been posting videos on social media showing off his skills and speed, much to the delight of his fans. For Ortiz, this will be the biggest fight of his career. He will be facing one of the greatest boxers of all time, and he will need to be at his very best if he hopes to come out on top. The fight will take place in Las Vegas, Nevada, which is a fitting location for such a big event. Mayweather has a huge following in Las Vegas, having fought many of his biggest fights in the city. This is a fight that boxing fans have been waiting for, and it is sure to be a thrilling showdown between two talented boxers. Mayweather is looking to cement his legacy as one of the greatest ever, while Ortiz is hoping to make a name for himself by pulling off a massive upset. Fans can expect a fight for the ages on September 17.