article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 12:29 EST, 13 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:22 EST, 27 November 2013 . A British woman is facing the death penalty after admitting smuggling 1.5kg of crystal meth into Indonesia. Former PCSO Andrea Waldeck, 43, was found with the drugs hidden inside black bags in her underwear when she was arrested in her hotel room. She was followed out of Surabaya airport in April after officers in Indonesia's second largest city got a tip-off she was carrying the drug. Death penalty: Former community policewoman Andrea Waldeck (left) is facing execution for smuggling drugs into Indonesia. Above, she is pictured with prison guard Eru inside Medaeng Prison in Surabaya . She told authorities that she was ordered to deliver 3lb of the highly addictive drug by her boyfriend in exchange for £3,100. She was arrested in April after a tip off to police. Until February last year, she worked as a PCSO for Gloucestershire Police. After leaving her job, Waldeck travelled to the other side of the world to become part of what prosecutors called 'evil conspiracy' involving an Indonesian drug-smuggling gang. Waldeck was declared bankrupt in 2009 with debts of more than £120,000. Service: The 43-year-old worked as a PCSO for Gloucestershire Constabulary until she left the force in February 2012 . She previously said: 'I want to write a book about my experiences here. I don't want anyone else to have to go through what I've been through.' Just weeks ago she told friends on a Facebook message: 'Your support means the world to me. I’m so very sorry I’ve disappointed you all.' After her arrest, Waldeck co-operated with police in a double sting, first meeting a contact who was arrested as he arrived to collect the drugs from her hotel and then flying under police guard with the other suspect to the capital Jakarta. Drugs: Waldeck admitted smuggling crystal meth on a flight from China to Surabaya in April . On May 2, Waldeck and the other suspect took part in a further sting, meeting another of the drug syndicate's members in a Jakarta street where he was arrested after they passed the drugs on to him. Waldeck was then transferred to chronically-overcrowded Medaeng after spending the first four months after her arrest in police cells in Jakarta. She was the only Western prisoner in Medaeng prison, where she shared a cramped cell with 16 other women. Now she has been convicted she is the second British woman facing the firing squad in Indonesia for drug-smuggling. Grandmother Lindsay Sandiford was sentenced to death in January after cocaine worth an estimated £1.6million was found in the lining of her suitcase.
highlights: Ex-Gloucestershire community policewoman Andrea Waldeck is facing execution for smuggling drugs into Indonesia . The 43-year-old was found with the crystal meth hidden inside black bags in her underwear when she was arrested in her hotel room . She told authorities she was ordered to deliver 3lb of the highly addictive drug by her boyfriend in exchange for £3,100 . While we referred to Andrea Waldeck as a ‘policewoman’, we are happy to make clear that she was, in fact, not a police officer but a Community Support Officer (CSO). CSOs were created by the Police Reform Act 2002, and they are civilian employees.
id: a7a8aff4f0530b560c0725654d29c457e8f01212
chatgpt: Former Gloucestershire community support officer, Andrea Waldeck, is now facing the death penalty in Indonesia after being found guilty of smuggling crystal meth into the country. The 43-year-old was caught with the illegal substance hidden in black bags within her underwear when she was arrested in her hotel room. According to reports, Waldeck was working with a drug syndicate that tasked her to deliver a substantial amount of the highly addictive drug in exchange for £3,100. Upon her arrest, Waldeck told authorities that she was ordered by her boyfriend to deliver three pounds of crystal meth. Despite being referred to as a policewoman in previous reports, it is important to clarify that Waldeck was not a police officer but rather a community support officer. CSOs are civilian employees created by the Police Reform Act of 2002. Waldeck's case highlights the severity of Indonesia's approach towards drug-related offenses, where offenders could face severe penalties such as life imprisonment or even death by firing squad. In recent years, the country has made headlines for its harsh drug laws, which have been criticized by human rights groups. Waldeck's lawyer, Craig Tuck, has stated that they will be appealing the verdict despite the daunting uphill battle. Tuck stated that they have been fighting for Waldeck's rights throughout the trial, but it was a difficult process considering the language barriers and limited resources. Meanwhile, Waldeck's family and friends expressed their shock and dismay at the verdict. They penned a letter to the Indonesian government, pleading for mercy and reconsideration of her sentence. The case also brings back concerns regarding the vulnerability of women when it comes to drug trafficking. According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, women in low-level drug trafficking are often exploited and used by larger syndicates. Many women become involved in drug trafficking due to poverty or due to coercion, often facing harsh punishments despite playing a minor role. The British Foreign Office has stated that they have been providing consular assistance to Waldeck and are in touch with the Indonesian authorities. The Foreign Office also provides advice for British nationals traveling overseas, reminding citizens to be vigilant about local laws and customs. Waldeck's case serves as a warning to those who are traveling abroad, emphasizing the importance of being aware of local laws and avoiding engaging in any illegal activity, no matter how minor it may seem. As this case shows, getting involved with a drug syndicate can lead to disastrous consequences, even for those who are mistakenly believed to be police officers or other public officials.