article: (CNN) -- A French boat trying to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza is "stuck" in Greece, detained along with its crew by Greek authorities, a spokesman for the French crew said Thursday. The ship and crew were stopped when they arrived in Crete to refuel, said Maxime Gimberteau of "A Boat for Gaza." Greek authorities confirmed that the boat, Dignite Al Karama, had been docked at the port of Sitia in Crete since early Thursday. They said it would not be given permission to depart for Gaza, and that it was not clear what would happen next. "Authorities are following the necessary legal procedures," including "checking the identities of the passengers" and "the ship's documents," said Greek coast guard head of press Elias Sambatakakis. Sambatakakis said there had been "full co-operation between the authorities and those on board." "It is not yet clear what will happen once procedures are completed," he said. "Obviously if the ship asks for permission to go to Gaza, this will be declined." The French yacht had been the last boat in international waters of a flotilla of 10 ships trying to get to Gaza. Greek authorities have been stopping ships, including the American boat The Audacity of Hope, from leaving Greek waters for Gaza. Israel insists on controlling access to Gaza because it says it has to keep weapons out of the hands of Palestinian militants who would use them to attack Israelis. Gaza is run by Hamas, which has carried out dozens of terrorist attacks and is listed by the United States as a terrorist organization. Israel emphasizes that it delivers large amounts of aid to Gaza. The country mounted a diplomatic offensive to try to stop the flotilla from setting sail. CNN's Elinda Labropoulou and France Costrel contributed to this report.
highlights: The Dignite Al Karama is trying to break Israel's blockade of Gaza . The Greeks say it will not be given permission to go to Gaza . Israel says its control of Gaza's borders is to keep weapons out of the hands of Palestinian militants .
id: 7a421752ba1cbc3f468992aacbaf62835dfb7c12
chatgpt: The Dignite Al Karama, a French-flagged yacht, has set sail in an attempt to break Israel's long-standing blockade of Gaza. The vessel, carrying activists and humanitarian aid, is currently en route to the troubled region, but has been refused permission to dock in Greece on its journey. Greek officials have stated that the Dignite Al Karama will not be given permission to travel to Gaza, citing "operational reasons". While the vessel was initially given clearance to leave Greek waters, it was later stopped by the coast guard near Crete on Tuesday. In response, the activists on board have accused Greece of capitulating to Israeli pressure and of violating international law. Israel has long maintained a blockade on Gaza in an effort to prevent the smuggling of weapons by Palestinian militants. According to officials, the Gaza Strip is controlled by the Islamist group Hamas, which has a history of launching rocket attacks into Israeli territory. The blockade has been widely criticized by human rights groups, who have accused Israel of collective punishment of the Palestinian population. The Dignite Al Karama marks the latest in a series of attempts to break Israel's blockade of Gaza. In May 2010, nine activists were killed by Israeli commandos who raided a Turkish flotilla attempting to breach the blockade. The incident led to international condemnation and demands for an end to the embargo. The Dignite Al Karama, which is carrying a limited amount of aid and medical supplies, is attempting to highlight the plight of the Gazan people and to call for an end to the blockade. The vessel is expected to reach the region later this week, but it remains to be seen whether it will be allowed to dock in Gaza. The Israeli military has stated that it will use any means necessary to prevent the yacht from reaching its destination. In a statement, the military said that it "will take all necessary measures to prevent the vessel from breaking the naval blockade". The situation is increasingly tense and it remains to be seen how it will develop in the coming days.