article: WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Some $700 million in economic stimulus money intended to upgrade baggage screening systems at airports will go further than originally expected, Department of Homeland Security officials said Wednesday. The new systems can process up to 500 bags an hour, compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour on the older machines, the TSA said. The DHS said the money will now upgrade systems at 10 additional airports. Earlier this year the DHS announced funding for baggage screening at airports in 15 cities. The money will be used to speed up construction of in-line baggage screening systems, which take advantage of the airline's existing conveyor belt systems to check bags, eliminating the need for minivan-size bomb detection systems now found in many airport lobbies. Government auditors have long complained about existing systems, which the Transportation Security Administration rushed into place to meet congressional deadlines after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. At airports with in-line systems, airline workers at the ticketing counters place the bags on conveyor belts, which pass through explosive detectors on their way to the aircraft. That is more efficient than stand-alone systems, which the TSA employees must staff. In addition, in-line systems can process up to 500 bags an hour, compared to the 150 to 160 bags per hour processed by stand-alone machines, the TSA said. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a statement that DHS was able to "stretch our resources" by managing the recovery money and by negotiating with airports. In addition to the $700 million intended for checked baggage systems, $300 million is being allocated for checkpoint technology, such as new X-ray machines, "whole body imaging" technology and bottled liquid scanners. The new airports expected to get stimulus money for in-line explosive detection systems are: . • Washington Dulles International Airport (Chantilly, Virginia) • Lambert-St. Louis International Airport (St. Louis, Missouri) • Yellowstone Regional Airport (Cody, Wyoming) • William P. Hobby Airport (Houston, Texas) • St. Petersburg/Clearwater International Airport (St. Petersburg, Florida) • Gallatin Field Airport (Bozeman, Montana) • Little Rock National Airport (Little Rock, Arkansas) • Tulsa International Airport (Tulsa, Oklahoma) • Charlotte Douglas International Airport (Charlotte, North Carolina) • Colorado Springs Airport (Colorado Springs, Colorado) Earlier this year, DHS announced funding for airports in the following cities: Atlanta, Georgia; Columbus, Ohio; Dayton, Ohio; Honolulu, Hawaii; Huntsville, Alabama; Jackson, Wyoming; Maui, Hawaii; New Orleans, Louisiana; Orange County, California; Orlando, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Portland, Maine; and Sacramento, San Francisco and San Jose, California. To learn more about the DHS Recovery Act projects, visit www.dhs.gov/recovery.
highlights: Department of Homeland security says stimulus money can be stretched . DHS identified 10 additional airports to receive in-line baggage screening systems . Updated screening process is more efficient than stand-alone machines .
id: 43969645c86a01aa66a36f608c81d9989bd56461
chatgpt: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has announced that stimulus money can be stretched to improve airline security. DHS has identified 10 additional airports to receive in-line baggage screening systems that will streamline the screening process and enhance security measures. The updated screening process is more efficient than previous stand-alone machines used for baggage screening. These in-line baggage screening systems essentially transport baggage automatically by conveyor belts through advanced detection technology that can quickly identify threats in the luggage. This technology is highly secure and highly effective, leading to smoother passenger flow and a better traveling experience. The DHS has also confirmed that these in-line baggage screening systems are highly customizable and can be tailored to meet specific airport requirements. This means that the airport can determine the optimal layout and design of the system based on their individual space constraints. The DHS is partnering with airports around the country to ensure that security is enhanced while passenger experience is improved. The airports that have been selected to receive these in-line baggage screening systems are diverse and span across the nation. Some of the airports selected for the updated screening process include Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, Boise Airport, Billings Logan International Airport, Memphis International Airport, Pittsburgh International Airport, and others. The DHS has stated that the implementation of these in-line baggage screening systems will bolster the security of our aviation system while also enhancing the overall passenger experience. The updated technology is expected to be installed quickly and efficiently, allowing airports to improve their security standards and increase efficiency in baggage screening. “Making air travel safe continues to be one of our highest priorities at the Department of Homeland Security," Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro N. Mayorkas said. "Our investments in airport security equipment, including these in-line baggage screening systems, exemplify our steadfast commitment to ensuring that the traveling public remains safe and secure.” Airport officials and travelers alike are excited about the potential benefits of the updated systems. “By streamlining the screening process, we are creating a more efficient and safe environment,” said Kevin M. Burke, President, and CEO of Airports Council International – North America. With the implementation of this updated technology, passengers can expect faster and more efficient security screenings, while airport officials can ensure that the highest standards of safety and security are maintained. Overall, the DHS's decision to allocate stimulus money towards installing these in-line baggage screening systems highlights their commitment to ensuring the safety and security of America's airports. The updated technology is poised to revolutionize airport security measures for the better, setting the stage for even more advanced measures in the future.