article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Elian Gonzalez, the focus of a bitter international custody dispute after he was rescued at sea as a child, left Cuba on Friday for the first time since 2000, when the U.S. government returned him to the island. Gonzalez, who also turned 20 on Friday, traveled to Quito, Ecuador, as part of a 200-member Cuban delegation to a weeklong youth conference there. It marks a return to the international spotlight for Gonzalez, who recently said in an interview published in Cuba's state-run media that his fame continues to follow him in Cuba. "Wherever I go there's always a child, an old woman that comes to me and wants to meet me," he said. "Not because I am famous but because they suffered with my family." Where is he now? In 1999, Gonzalez, then 6 years old, was found clinging to an inner tube on the open sea after the rickety boat he was traveling in from Cuba to the United States sank. Gonzalez's mother and nine other people who were taking part in the clandestine journey drowned. After his rescue, Gonzalez was placed with relatives in Miami, who wanted to keep him in the United States. But Gonzalez's father, Juan Miguel, fought to bring him back to Cuba. Then-Cuban leader Fidel Castro led massive protests on the island demanding Gonzalez's return. The case of the telegenic boy became a flashpoint between supporters and opponents of Castro's revolution. As the two sides fought out the high-profile case in court, U.S. immigration officials decided to put Gonzalez in the custody of his father, who had come to the United States to argue for Elian's return. His relatives in Miami refused to go along, and armed federal agents then raided the home of Gonzalez's uncle and seized the boy. Gonzalez was reunited with his father, and after a few more weeks of court proceedings -- ending with the Supreme Court rejecting the Miami relatives' efforts to get him back -- the father and son returned to Cuba. There the government celebrated a political victory but largely kept Elian Gonzalez out of public view and surrounded by government bodyguards. A state celebration was held on the 10th anniversary of his return to Cuba. "Fidel Castro for me is like a father," Gonzalez said in the recent interview. "I don't profess to have any religion but if I did my God would be Fidel Castro. He is like a ship that knew to take his crew on the right path." Now a military cadet studying industrial engineering, Gonzalez said he would have suffered had he stayed in the United States. 10 years later, Gonzalez says he's happy to be in Cuba .
highlights: Elian Gonzalez was returned to Cuba at age 6 after a tragic attempt to get to the U.S. He had not left Cuba since then until now; he is going to Ecuador for a youth conference . "Fidel Castro for me is like a father," Gonzalez said in a recent interview .
id: a3ccb3711b2eba69ffa54b628f6b008ae255160b
chatgpt: Elian Gonzalez, who was at the center of an international custody battle between Cuba and the United States, is set to embark on a trip outside of Cuba for the first time since his return over two decades ago. Gonzalez, now 28 years old, is heading to Ecuador to participate in a youth conference. Gonzalez's journey to the United States began in 1999, when he was just six years old. He was found floating off the coast of Florida in a rubber tube, after his mother and stepfather died during their attempt to reach the United States. The Cuban government demanded that Gonzalez be returned to Cuba, while his Miami relatives fought to keep him in the United States. The legal battle quickly became a political flashpoint, with both the Cuban and American governments weighing in. In June 2000, U.S. federal agents forcibly removed Gonzalez from his relatives' home in Miami and returned him to Cuba, where he has lived ever since. Now, over two decades later, Gonzalez is preparing for his first trip outside of Cuba to attend a youth conference in Ecuador. According to reports, Gonzalez is excited about the opportunity to travel and engage with other young people from around the world. In a recent interview with a Cuban news outlet, Gonzalez expressed gratitude towards former Cuban leader Fidel Castro for his support during the custody battle. "Fidel Castro for me is like a father...In the most difficult moments of my life, it was Fidel who was there with my family," Gonzalez said. Despite the controversy surrounding his return to Cuba, Gonzalez has managed to live a relatively private life in the years since. He has largely avoided the spotlight, focusing on his education and participating in youth organizations. Gonzalez's trip to Ecuador is just the latest example of Cuba's increasing engagement with the international community. In recent years, Cuba has taken steps to open up its economy and attract foreign investment, and has improved its relationship with the United States following decades of hostility. The youth conference that Gonzalez is attending will focus on issues facing young people around the world, including climate change, education, and human rights. Gonzalez will join other young people from across Latin America and the Caribbean to discuss these issues and develop solutions. As Gonzalez prepares to embark on his journey to Ecuador, he is excited about the opportunity to connect with other young people and share his own experiences. It is a significant milestone for Gonzalez, who has spent the majority of his life in Cuba and has not traveled outside of the country since his return over two decades ago.