article: By . Jaymi Mccann . PUBLISHED: . 05:03 EST, 25 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:21 EST, 25 July 2013 . A coupled killed a sex offender and then told the police that they planned to kill more from the sex registry. Jeremy Moody and his wife Caroline were charged with the murder of Charles Parker and his wife after confessing to the crime. Mr Moody told investigators that they had arrested him just in time. Confession: Jeremy Moody (left) confessed to murdered Charles Parker with his wife Caroline (right) Union County Sheriff David Taylor said: ‘He planned to kill another sex offender on the register today,’ reported Fox News. Mr Moody murdered 59-year-old Parker on Sunday. Surveillance cameras outside his home show the couple driving up to the house that morning. They allegedly pretended their car was broken, and were invited inside. They are filmed walking inside with weapons. Mr Parker and his wife Gretchen, 51,  were shot and stabbed. Sherriff Taylor said Gretchen was only killed as she happened to be home at the time. The community where it happened is located 80 miles northwest of Columbia . The sheriff said Moody told Charles Parker: ‘You think I'm here to rob you. I'm not here to rob you. I'm here to kill you because you are a child molester.’ Mr Moody had allegedly planned to kill Mr Parker last year, but decided not to. Moody has skinhead tattooed across his neck, and confessed to police after he was arrested. There is currently an investigation on-going to find out if he has been involved in other crimes. They are also seeing if he is involved in any white supremacist groups. The bodies were discovered on Monday when another person arrived at the house to have his car fixed. The incident happened about 80 miles northwest of Columbia. Charles Parker was convicted of third-degree criminal sexual conduct about ten years ago. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Jeremy and Caroline Moody were charged with murdering Charles Parker . Mr Moody said that the police had caught him just in time . Planned to murder more from the sex offenders register . Mr Parker and his wife Gretchen were shot and stabbed .
id: e35cecec17395963052c3a16c2ffe9de55846989
chatgpt: Jeremy and Caroline Moody have been charged with the murder of Charles Parker, a registered sex offender. Mr Parker and his wife, Gretchen, were shot and stabbed in their home. The Moodys were arrested and charged in connection with the attack. According to Mr Moody, he and his wife were planning to kill more individuals on the sex offenders register before they were caught. Mr Moody remarked that the police had caught him "just in time." He did not elaborate on the specifics of their plan. The Moodys have been charged with first-degree murder, and are being held without bail. The prosecution has not yet announced a motive for the attack, but the press is speculating that it was driven by revenge against Mr Parker's criminal history. The community has been shocked by the brutality of the attack, and many are calling for justice for the victims. Mr Parker was known to some in the community, and his family has spoken out about their grief and the senselessness of the crime.  The press has also been investigating the Moodys' past, and has reported that the couple has a history of violence and extremist views. It is unclear if their prior run-ins with the law will play a role in the ongoing investigation. The authorities have not yet made any statements regarding the Moodys' mental health or motivation. The investigation is ongoing, and the prosecution has not yet announced a trial date.  The case has captured national attention, with many advocates focused on the issue of vigilantism and the impact of the registry on those who were convicted of sex crimes. The Moodys face a long legal battle, and the community is left grappling with the devastating consequences of their alleged actions.