article: By . Nina Golgowski . PUBLISHED: . 09:16 EST, 29 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:17 EST, 29 January 2013 . A 69-year-old homeowner shot and killed a young man after police say the 22-year-old mistakenly pulled into his home's driveway because of a GPS error. Phillip Walker Sailers of Lilburn, Georgia told police he thought Rodrigo Abad Diaz and his friends were home invaders when he started firing at their vehicle on Saturday night. Sailors, a Vietnam veteran, is now being held on a malice murder charge after he fatally shot Diaz in the head, a charge his attorney says has left him 'very distraught.' Scroll down for video . Fatal mistake: Phillip Walker Sailers, 69, is accused of fatally shooting 22-year-old Rodrigo Abad Diaz, right, after he mistakenly pulled into his home's driveway on Saturday night . Witnesses inside the vehicle, who were mostly teens, say Sailor didn't ask questions when he came out of his home, he just started shooting at them. '"Shut up," that's the only thing that came out of his mouth,' Yeson Jimezez who was in that vehicle with his brother and a female passenger told WSBRadio.com. The teens say it was their GPS that mistakenly led them to the house on Hillcrest Road while looking for a friend's home. After Sailors grabbed his gun from inside, he returned '...shooting a .22 caliber pistol in the direction of the victim, while the victim was driving his car away...' according to the arrest warrant. Sailors' attorney, Michael Puglise, told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that the 69-year-old was home with his wife that night and assumed the young man pulled up for a home invasion. 'He is very distraught over the loss of life from the defense of his home,' Puglise said of Sailors' handling of the Diaz' death. Protecting: Sailors told police he thought Diaz and the other passengers in his vehicle were home invaders, his house pictured, and maintains his innocence in the man's death . 'This incident happened late in the . evening hours when he was home with his wife and he assumed it was a . home invasion and he maintains his innocence,' he said. Sailors is being held without bond as of Sunday afternoon. Police say he has no prior record or trouble with the law. Lilburn police declined to release additional information about the circumstances of the shooting. Watch the video here: .
highlights: Phillip Walker Sailers, a Vietnam veteran, told police he thought Rodrigo Abad Diaz and his friends were home invaders . Witnesses inside vehicle said their GPS mistakenly led them to Sailers' home .
id: 4881ec1c4c2fc7251b9d81ad628e8e9b73c50f0a
chatgpt: Phillip Walker Sailers, a 69-year-old Vietnam veteran, has been charged with murder after he allegedly shot and killed Rodrigo Abad Diaz, a 22-year-old Cuban national, and wounded his two friends in Lilburn, Georgia. Sailers claims that he mistook the three men for home invaders and shot them in self-defense. According to police reports, the incident occurred on Saturday around 1:30 a.m. when Diaz and his friends, Bryan Gomez and Kevin Lenhardt, were driving back to their home in Lawrenceville after attending a bachelor party. They were using a GPS device to navigate their way when they made a wrong turn that directed them to Sailers' driveway. Sailers, who was reportedly sleeping, heard noises outside his home and armed himself with a revolver. He then went outside and confronted the three men, who were in their car. Sailers allegedly asked them repeatedly what they were doing there, but they did not understand him because of their limited English. Witnesses who were inside the vehicle said that Sailers fired his gun at the car multiple times, hitting Diaz in the head and wounding Gomez and Lenhardt. Sailers then allegedly called 911 to report the incident and said that he had shot three men who he thought were trying to break into his home. Police arrived at the scene and found Diaz dead in the driver's seat of the car. Gomez and Lenhardt were taken to a local hospital, where they are currently recovering from their injuries. Following an investigation, police found no evidence to suggest that Diaz and his friends were trying to commit a crime or break into Sailers' home. They believe that the GPS device mistakenly directed the men to Sailers' driveway. Sailers was charged with one count of murder and two counts of aggravated assault. He is currently being held in Gwinnett County Jail without bond. His family and neighbors have come to his defense, saying that he is a kind and gentle man who has been dealing with health issues. The incident has sparked debate about the use of lethal force in self-defense cases and whether more needs to be done to prevent deadly misunderstandings. The investigation into the shooting is ongoing.