article: (CNN) -- A 25-year-old woman has been charged with first-degree murder in the California death of a deployed Marine's wife, San Diego County authorities said Friday. Jessica Lynn Lopez, 25, was being held Friday after she pleaded not guilty at her arraignment a day earlier and her bail was set at $3 million, said Steve Walker, a spokesman for the San Diego County district attorney. The investigation into the murder of Brittany Killgore, 22, is ongoing and additional charges could be filed, Walker told CNN Friday. Marine Staff Sgt. Luis Ray Perez, 45, who was on a date with Killgore when she was last seen alive a week ago, was charged earlier this week with two felonies unrelated to Killgore's death -- receiving stolen property and possession of an assault weapon -- and he has pleaded not guilty, authorities said. If convicted, Lopez would face 25 years to life in prison; Perez would face up to three years if convicted, Walker said. The San Diego County Sheriff's Department said this week that Perez was being "actively investigated" in connection with Killgore's death. "We believe he knows more than what he initially told us," said Sheriff's Capt. Duncan Fraser. "We do not believe he is being cooperative with us." Killgore, 22, was seen last Friday night when she left her apartment wearing an evening dress, heading out on the date with Perez, who is based at Camp Pendleton in San Diego County, investigators said. Perez was questioned after a friend filed a missing person report for Killgore and he was later arrested on charges of possession of a stolen assault rifle, authorities said. Investigators later found Killgore's body in a rural part of neighboring Riverside County. Authorities have not said how she died. Lopez's relationship to Killgore has been unclear. CNN affiliate KGTV in San Diego reported that authorities found Killgore's body based on leads stemming from Lopez's arrest. Lopez was found at a Ramada motel near the San Diego airport Tuesday after paramedics responded to a call for medical help. She was briefly hospitalized with lacerations and then jailed on suspicion of Killgore's murder. Killgore had recently filed for divorce from her husband, Marine Lance Cpl. Cory Killgore, who was serving with an artillery unit in Afghanistan's Helmand Province, investigators said. He was granted an emergency leave to return to the United States when he learned his wife was missing. San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie M. Dumanis issued a statement saying: "This is an ongoing investigation and, as the county's top prosecutor, my responsibility is to protect the integrity of the case, ensure a thorough investigation, and ultimately hold those responsible in a court of law."
highlights: Jessica Lynn Lopez, 25, pleads not guilty to a murder charge in San Diego County . Brittany Killgore's body is found in a rural part of neighboring Riverside County . She recently filed for divorce from her Marine husband, who was in Afghanistan . Another Marine is also being investigated in the case, authorities say .
id: b94c8252f8ada2c512c42ca3afe7abd32ccfba07
chatgpt: Jessica Lynn Lopez, a 25-year-old woman from San Diego County, pleaded not guilty to a murder charge on Tuesday. The case involves the death of Brittany Killgore, whose body was discovered in a rural area of Riverside County earlier this month. Killgore, 22, had recently filed for divorce from her Marine husband, who was serving in Afghanistan at the time of her disappearance. She had reportedly met Lopez through a mutual friend, and the two had planned to go wine tasting together on the night of her disappearance. Lopez was arrested shortly after Killgore went missing, but was initially held on unrelated charges. However, investigators say they have since found evidence linking her to the murder. Another Marine, Louis Ray Perez, is also being investigated in the case. Authorities have not released details on the cause of Killgore's death or how her body was found. However, the case has sparked a great deal of interest and speculation in the San Diego area. According to court documents, Lopez and Killgore had exchanged text messages in the hours leading up to her disappearance. In one message, Lopez had reportedly told Killgore to dress provocatively for their outing. Lopez's family members have been supportive of her during the hearing, which took place in San Diego County Superior Court. Her mother told reporters that she believes Lopez is innocent and is being unfairly targeted by police. However, those close to Killgore have expressed shock and horror at her death. Her estranged husband, who has not been named, said in a statement released by his attorney that he was "devastated" by the news of her passing. The investigation into Killgore's death is ongoing, and authorities have not ruled out the possibility that additional suspects may be involved. Meanwhile, Lopez remains in custody at Riverside County Jail on $3 million bail. As news of the case continues to spread, many in the San Diego area are left wondering what led to Killgore's tragic death and who may be responsible. With the investigation ongoing, it may be some time before these questions are fully answered.