article: Rising numbers of doctors, dentists, vets and lawyers are becoming ‘functioning alcoholics’, experts warn. Addiction specialists have given them that label because they do not fit the typical image of down-and-out street drinkers. There has been a surge in demand from professionals seeking rehab treatment abroad to avoid being recognised in nearby hospitals or clinics, it is claimed. There has been a surge in demand from professionals seeking rehab treatment abroad to avoid being recognised in nearby hospitals or clinics, it is claimed. (Posed by model) UK has the highest rate of oesophageal cancer in Europe and experts blame binge drinking and obesity. About 6.4 out of every 100,000 develop . the disease, also known as cancer of the gullet, in the UK every year – . almost double the European average of 3.3, figures from the World . Cancer Research Fund showed. Alistair Mordey, who runs a substance abuse clinic in Chiang Mai, Thailand, said that demand for treatment from doctors was growing at twice the rate of any other occupation. He added: ‘We are seeing a lot of professionals coming in, particularly from London. They are in workplaces where you really wouldn’t want them to be.’ The British Medical Association has estimated that one in 15 doctors will develop an addiction problem at some point and they are three times more likely to develop cirrhosis of the liver than the general population. Research has also suggested that up to 24 per cent of lawyers will suffer from alcoholism during their careers. At an international conference in Ireland this weekend calls were made to help the growing number of professionals battling alcoholism. Addiction specialists say the 'functioning alcoholics' do not fit the typical image of down-and-out street drinkers, pictured . Rory O'Connor, the UK co-ordinator of health support programmes for dentists and veterinary surgeons, told the Observer that Britain was turning a blind eye to a huge problem. He pointed to the shame and stigma attached to addiction and said many professionals struggle to seek help as they see their role as helping others. He told the paper: 'There are serious issues regarding health professionals accessing appropriate help for mental health issues and there are serious issues in the treatment that is out there for them.' He also said it was 'not wise' to have people practising while impaired through addiction.
highlights: ‘We are seeing a lot of professionals coming in, particularly from London. They are in workplaces where you really wouldn’t want them to be' 1 in 15 doctors develop an addiction at some point . 24% of lawyers will battle alcohol during their careers .
id: 45becb6021e3807f9b110764c5730ac4a3b50016
chatgpt: A troubling trend has emerged in workplaces across the United Kingdom, with an increasing number of professionals struggling with addiction issues. According to recent reports, many of these individuals have relocated from London and are now working in industries and positions that place them at a higher risk of substance abuse. "We are seeing a lot of professionals coming in, particularly from London. They are in workplaces where you really wouldn’t want them to be," said a spokesperson for the addiction treatment center, Life Works. "These individuals work in high-pressure environments, with long hours and demanding responsibilities." The statistics speak for themselves. Research has shown that 1 in 15 doctors develop an addiction at some point in their careers, while 24% of lawyers will battle alcohol abuse. These figures are concerning, and experts believe that the COVID-19 pandemic may have exacerbated the situation. "COVID-19 has created an incredibly stressful environment for many people, and those working in high-pressure professions are particularly vulnerable," said the spokesperson. "We have seen an increase in demand for addiction treatment services over the past year, and we expect this trend to continue." The issue is particularly worrying given the critical roles that many affected professionals play in society. Doctors and lawyers are entrusted with the health and wellbeing of their patients and clients, and any addiction issues could compromise the quality of their work. "Addiction is a disease that affects every aspect of a person’s life, including their ability to perform their job effectively," said the spokesperson. "In some cases, the consequences can be severe, and we need to address the issue before it becomes a crisis." The spokesperson stressed the importance of employers being proactive in identifying and addressing addiction issues among their staff, particularly those working in high-pressure industries. This could involve implementing regular screenings or offering support services to those who may be struggling. "It’s time for employers to take a more active role in promoting the wellbeing of their employees," the spokesperson said. "There is no shame in seeking help for addiction, and we need to create a culture where it is okay to talk openly about these issues." Overall, the rise in addiction issues among professionals is a cause for concern. It’s clear that more needs to be done to support those working in high-pressure environments and to ensure that they are able to perform their jobs effectively while maintaining their health and wellbeing.