article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 02:59 EST, 23 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:17 EST, 23 April 2013 . Ofcom has summoned ITV to a meeting after it ruled an episode of Alan Titchmarsh's chat show gave excessive plugs to WeightWatchers. The report upheld a viewer complaint about an interview with actress Patsy Kensit which included several mentions of the diet firm she is paid to endorse. Ofcom has asked ITV 'to discuss its compliance in this area' following the ruling on the five-minute interview, of which more than half was about Kensit's weight. Scroll down for video . Complaint: Ofcom has rapped ITV bosses after Patsy Kensit plugged WeightWatchers while appearing on the Alan Titchmarsh Show (pictured) in February . Unchallenged: Ofcom said the actress's remarks were not countered by host Titchmarsh . Broke rules: Patsy on the show in February . ITV said the actress's remarks were 'brief and not unduly prominent', but Ofcom said Titchmarsh did not challenge her claims or make mention that Kensit is a 'weight loss ambassador' for the diet company. The media watchdog added that references to the weight loss firm were 'promotional and unduly prominent'. Speaking about the company, Kensit said that during filming of the soap Emmerdale, it was the only thing that 'worked' for her when managing her weight. 'I could eat whatever I wanted and wake up - you know everything,' she said. 'I was like - cause I love food. 'This way, it's a healthy way. I've . got two gorgeous sons and I cook a lot and we have an evening meal . together and I'm not there drinking some goop.' The 45-year-old mother of two went on to mention the firm's ProPoints scheme twice. Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden (left) and singer Dannii Minogue (right) have been accused of using ITV's daytime shows to plug products they endorse . ITV came under fire from Ofcom two months ago after the Australian singer Dannii Minogue promoted a brand of milk, with which she has a commercial arrangement, on morning show Lorraine. In another breach, the Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden plugged a group of law firms, QualitySolicitors, on ITV's This Morning. The watchdog said: 'Its area of business had no obvious link to her entertainment career.' Face of a major brand: Patsy Kensit is paid to promote WeightWatchers . Mission accomplished: Ms Kensit has achieved maximum publicity for the company .
highlights: Report upheld a viewer complaint about five-minute interview . More than half of it was about actress Patsy Kensit's weight . Ofcom has asked ITV 'to discuss its compliance in this area'
id: 8c4c2469cd52f18883c4b1975919b84a2d0a6108
chatgpt: ITV has been told to discuss its compliance in the area of body shaming after a report upheld a viewer complaint against the channel. The complaint in question was regarding a five-minute interview, where over half of the conversation was about actress Patsy Kensit's weight. The regulator, Ofcom, found that the interview, which took place on ITV's morning show "Lorraine," breached rules on the portrayal of gender and was potentially harmful to viewers. The segment featured Kensit discussing her approach to body image and the pressures of the entertainment industry. However, the focus of the conversation appeared to be on the actress's weight, with the presenter repeatedly making comments about her appearance. Ofcom received a complaint from a viewer who felt that the interview was inappropriate and body-shaming. In response, the regulator launched an investigation and ultimately upheld the complaint, requiring ITV to take action.  "ITV has been asked to discuss its compliance in this area, and we want to see the broadcaster take steps to ensure that its programming doesn't stray into harmful territory," said an Ofcom spokesperson. Body shaming has become a hot-button issue in recent years, with many campaigns aimed at encouraging positive body image and tackling negative stereotypes. The issue has gained particular prominence in the entertainment industry, where actors and performers are often under intense scrutiny over their appearance. It is not the first time that ITV has been found in breach of broadcasting rules. In 2020, the channel was fined £3 million by Ofcom for a number of breaches related to premium-rate phone-ins, and faced further criticism in 2018 for presenting a contestant on "Love Island" in a negative light due to her appearance. The issue of body shaming is likely to remain on the agenda in the coming months, with Ofcom and other regulators taking a more active role in ensuring that broadcasters adhere to their responsibilities. In addition to monitoring individual programs, there are also calls for broadcasters to develop more comprehensive strategies for promoting positive body image and addressing issues of discrimination and bias. For actors like Patsy Kensit, the issue is a personal one, and she has been praised for speaking out about her experiences and encouraging others to do the same. "We need to celebrate diversity and embrace our differences, rather than trying to force everyone into the same mold," she said in a recent interview. "It's time for change, and I'm proud to be a part of that movement."