article: Furry little critters may not be loved by everyone but the tiny rats in these photographs prove they can indeed be loveable. Russian photographer Anna Tyurin, 24, has spent the last two years taking pictures of the rodents, claiming that they are easy subjects to work with. 'They quickly realized what I wanted them to do,' she says. Usually seen as vermin, it is hard to deny this little guy is cute poking out from behind a snowman . Not a typical subject for photographs, Anna has spent the last two years taking pictures of the rodents . 'In that way, it turned out easy to work with them. Rats are smart animals.' Animal lover Anna claims she was inspired to create a funny photo album by her own two female rats Chesha and Nyusha. She said: 'Some ideas appeared in my mind while watching the rats, investigating their intercommunication. Anna  was inspired to create a humorous photo album by her own two female rats Chesha and Nyusha . Although we think of them as aggressive animals, Anna claims they are fairly easy to work with . Anna says her photos have changed peoples opinions on rats, even temporarily curing phobias . 'Usually, I try to find the source of inspiration everywhere, from nature, strolls in the woods, films and books.' Despite rats being unpopular with many because of their association with being dirty vermin who plague towns and cities, they are often kept as pets and are well-liked by some. Anna said: 'In the main, people have had a positive response. They have melted at lovely whiskered snouts disbelieving that these are really rats. 'Even people deeply affected by rat phobia have forgotten about a rat's scary tail for a while. Not quite the cute puppy pictures that usually do the rounds online, but not far off . Rats are unpopular with many because of their association with being dirty vermin who plague towns . This inquisitive little fellow looks ready to play . 'Some of my friends have come to a decision to buy a rat as a pet. I'm happy that my photos changes the way people treat these animals.' The young photographer has been taking photographs of domestic animals, like dogs, cats and horses, for four years. When she is not taking pictures of animals Anna likes to travel to cities in Russia, Ukraine and Byelorussia 'in search of exciting places or subjects' snapping them with Nikon cameras and special lenses. Anna says she is happy her photos changes the way people treat these animals . Anna only photographs in natural or artificial light and uses two speed lights . She only photographs in natural or artificial light and uses two speed lights, with pastel paper, gabardine and wrapping paper from time to time for backgrounds. Anna added: 'I've got an assistant to help, the assistant look after rats and doesn't allow them to run away or run into danger.'
highlights: Photographer Anna Tyurin has been taking rat portraits for two years . Was inspired to use the unusual animal by her own two pet rats . Says her work has changed peoples opinions on the rodents .
id: cb8ef5f8d66f1066cab14047ab58c2b27aab63b9
chatgpt: Photographer Anna Tyurin has been capturing the attention of the internet since she started taking rat portraits two years ago. Inspired by her own pet rats, Tyurin found the perfect subjects for her unconventional photography passion. Rats are generally not viewed as adorable creatures, but Tyurin has managed to show their cute and fluffy side through her portraits. Her images, which have been shared widely on social media, feature rats in all their glory. From close-up shots of rat faces to beautifully composed images of the animals at play, Tyurin's portfolio has something for everyone. Tyurin admits that some people are initially skeptical of her work, but many end up changing their minds after seeing her portraits. "I've had people tell me that they never realized how cute rats could be," she said. "I hope my work can help shift people's opinions on these animals." Rats have been the subject of many scientific studies due to their intelligence and social nature. They are known for being highly trainable and are often used in medical research. Despite this, rats are still widely misunderstood and stigmatized as dirty and disease-ridden creatures. Through her photography, Tyurin hopes to show people that rats can be loving and loyal pets. "My own rats, Biscuit and Honey, have brought so much joy to my life," she shared. "They are incredibly intelligent and affectionate animals that deserve more recognition." Tyurin's passion for rat photography has also led her to support rat rescues and shelters. She donates a portion of her profits to these organizations and encourages others to do the same. "There are so many rats out there needing loving homes and care," she said. "By supporting rescues, we can help make a difference for these animals." Tyurin's unique approach to animal photography has won her many fans online. Her #ratsofinstagram hashtag has over 200,000 posts, featuring rats from all over the world. Tyurin's work has inspired other photographers to take up rat photography and has helped raise awareness about these often overlooked animals. Despite the challenges of working with rats - they are known for being highly active and curious creatures - Tyurin plans to continue her work for as long as she can. "Rat photography has brought me so much joy," she said. "I hope my portraits can bring joy to others as well." In a world where popular culture often depicts rats as pests and vermin, Tyurin's work is a refreshing reminder that these animals are worthy of love and respect. Through her passion for photography and her dedication to rat welfare, Tyurin is making a positive impact in the world, one rat portrait at a time.