article: By . Richard Spillett for MailOnline . A group of nuns from an enclosed community in Ireland have gained worldwide fame after producing a hilarious ice bucket challenge video. Members of the Redemptoristine Order, based in Dublin, usually spend their days in prayer, meditation and studying the Bible. But after hearing of the ice bucket challenge craze that is sweeping the globe, the sisters couldn't help but get involved. Scroll down for video . Members of the Redemptoristine Order, based in Dublin,  filmed themselves doing the ice bucket challenge . The video of the sisters taking part in the craze has received a warm response, with 3,000 likes on Facebook . A video posted on Facebook shows three of the nuns, dressed in their traditional red robes and black and white habits, lining up to be soaked with ice-cold water. Another trio, one walking with a Zimmer frame, then take turns at dousing them with water from a huge container. Giggling like school girls, the nuns assure viewers that 'our nominations will come soon', before they are covered in freezing water. One of the three screams 'oh Lord' as water pours down on her, while others run out of camera shot in their wet robes. The film has already been liked by more than 3,000 of the website's users and more than 6,000 people have shared it with their friends. Among the hundreds of comments left below the video, one viewer wrote: 'Well done sisters.. best video I've seen on Facebook and all for a great cause.' The video shows three  nuns, whose order are described as an enclosed community, lining up for a soaking . They then squeal in horror as another trio, one using a Zimmer frame, pour freezing cold water over them . As well as using small buckets and bowls, the sisters use a huge blue water butt to pour water on one nun . The video ends with the sisters waving goodbye and promising to nominate others to undertake the challenge . Another fan wrote: 'My favourite ice bucket challenge so far. Well done Sisters. Good sports and all for a great cause' The Redemptoristine Order, which dates back to the 17th century, describe themselves as 'an enclosed contemplative community of religious women'. The group's website states that they rise at 6.30am for meditation and morning prayer, eat in silence and only watch the news 'a couple of evenings a week'. They have declined to comment on the success of the video, but say in the film that they will contact those they choose to nominate personally. The ice bucket challenge has spread across the globe this summer as a way of raising awareness of and money for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis charity, the ALS Association. The association said on its website this week that it has received more than £80million in donations from the challenge.
highlights: Nuns who usually spend much of day in silence squeal as they get soaked . The 'contemplative' community of sisters couldn't help but take up craze . A video of them being doused in cold water was posted on Facebook page . The film has got 3,000 likes, with hundreds of people commenting on it .
id: 09f20b64b723848dac75246d9277e2b6e384e636
chatgpt: In a world ever more filled with noise and chatter, the 'contemplative' community of sisters at a convent in rural France have always made it a point to embrace silence. For many hours during the day, they could be found going about their daily routines without uttering a single word. But all that changed recently when the sisters decided to take up the latest craze sweeping social media – the ice bucket challenge. For those uninitiated in this viral phenomenon, the ice bucket challenge involves dousing oneself with a bucket of freezing water and nominating others to do the same. Initially started as a fundraising initiative to raise awareness about ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis), a neurodegenerative disease, it has since grown to become a global sensation of sorts, with people from all walks of life taking part. The sisters were initially hesitant to participate in something so seemingly frivolous, but soon warmed up to the idea after seeing how much fun others seemed to be having on Facebook. And so it was that they found themselves gathered in front of the convent one sunny day, with buckets of ice-cold water at the ready. As the first sister bravely stepped forward, other nuns giggled uncontrollably in anticipation. And then it happened – the cold water hit her square in the face, eliciting a scream that echoed through the serene countryside. And with that, all hell broke loose. The nuns, who usually maintain an air of calm and tranquility, were now squealing and screaming like children, as they took turns to get drenched. The whole thing was captured on film by one of the sisters' nephews, who posted it on their Facebook page. Within hours, the video had gone viral, racking up over 3,000 likes and hundreds of comments from people around the world. Most viewers found the sight of nuns abandoning their usual solemnity in favor of sheer joy hilarious and heartwarming. "It was like watching a group of teenagers having a water fight," said one commentator. "I never thought I'd see nuns behave like this," said another. For the sisters themselves, it was a rare moment of levity in what can be a demanding, solitary existence. "We're not usually allowed to make noise or do anything too frivolous, so this was a bit of a rebellion for us," said Sister Isabelle, who was one of the first to take on the challenge. "It was so cold, but also so much fun. We laughed so hard our cheeks hurt." The ice bucket challenge has been criticized by some as a way for people to engage in slacktivism – i.e., the illusion of making a difference without having to do much of anything. But for the sisters, it was a chance to do something out of the ordinary and to connect with others in a way that they don't usually get to. And while they may have broken their vow of silence temporarily, the nuns say that they're still committed to their contemplative way of life. "Silence is the foundation of everything we do," said Sister Marie. "But there's nothing wrong with having a bit of fun every now and then. We're only human, after all."