article: They’ve marched down Broadway, stormed the Brooklyn Bridge and got permission to stay at their protest camp in New York against all odds. But they haven’t yet targeted a baseball game. Fears are growing that Occupy Wall Street demonstrations could affect the World Series, which starts in St Louis, Missouri, on Wednesday, as protesters make the most of the media spotlight. Michelle Obama and Jill Biden are both expected to attend - and police are worried about potential plans for a huge rally, pitching tents around the stadium or putting a streaker at Busch Stadium. Busch Stadium: Fears are growing that Occupy Wall Street demonstrations could affect the World Series, which starts in St Louis, Missouri, on Wednesday, as protesters make the most of the media spotlight . Painting the sign: The World Series opener between the Texas Rangers and St Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night will honour military veterans . The World Series opener between the Texas Rangers and St Louis Cardinals on Wednesday will honour military veterans and feature the First Lady and Dr Biden - wife of Vice President Joe Biden. There will be a huge media spotlight on the event and police are concerned Occupy St Louis protesters may cause trouble, although only ten have been arrested since the demonstration began. ‘There are times that we know that there are certain elements that can get drawn into large protests and other people who have other agendas,’ a St. Louis police spokesman told CBS St Louis. Police are concerned about a ‘lone wolf’ causing problems, but the protest has been relatively small so far in . St. Louis and only 30 people have been camping overnight in a park near . the stadium. Attending: First Lady Michelle Obama, right, speaks about wounded U.S. Army veteran Johnny Agbi, centre, as he sits next to the wife of Vice President Joe Biden, Jill Biden, left. Both women will attend the game . Competiting: St Louis Cardinals, left, and the Texas Rangers, right, celebrate advancing to the World Series . Mrs Obama and Dr Biden will take part in a pre-game ceremony at Busch Stadium as part of Major League Baseball’s ‘Welcome Back Veterans’ programme and Mrs Obama's ‘Joining Forces’ initiative. 'There are times that we know that there . are certain elements that can get drawn into large protests and other . people who have other agendas' St. Louis police spokesman . Commissioner Bud Selig said the MLB is ‘honoured’ to have Mrs Obama and Dr Biden in attendance to recognise the ‘courageous men and women who serve the country as well as their families’. Fans will be able to get into the ballpark up to three hours before the game begins and have been told to expect additional security checks on the gate of the stadium, which can hold 50,345 people. Occupy St Louis is part of the international movement that has spawned from Occupy Wall Street in New York, in which demonstrators are angry at the state of the U.S. political and economic systems.
highlights: Plans for disruption at St Louis baseball game by protesters on Wednesday . Michelle Obama and Jill Biden both expected to attend under media spotlight . Demonstrators are considering huge rally and pitching tents around ballpark .
id: dc21097453fa41c4619064dd4dc33bf306de8923
chatgpt: St Louis, Missouri - Thousands of protesters are expected to gather outside the Busch Stadium in St Louis on Wednesday, where former first lady Michelle Obama and current second lady Jill Biden are set to attend a baseball game under the watchful eye of the media. The protest, which is being organized by several activist groups, aims to disrupt the game between the St Louis Cardinals and the Milwaukee Brewers, in order to draw attention to the issues of racial injustice and police brutality. According to reports, demonstrators are considering a range of actions to make their voices heard, including setting up tents around the ballpark and staging a massive rally outside the stadium. "We're not going to sit idly by while our communities continue to be harassed and brutalized by police," said one protest organizer. "We're going to make sure our message is heard loud and clear, and we won't stop until we see real change." News of the planned protest has already caused some concern among local authorities, who have reportedly stepped up security measures in and around the stadium to prevent any disturbances. "We're taking this very seriously," said a spokesperson for the St Louis Police Department. "We want to make sure everyone is able to exercise their right to free speech and assembly, while at the same time ensuring the safety and security of all attendees." Meanwhile, many people are eagerly anticipating Michelle Obama and Jill Biden's visit to the ballpark, which is sure to draw a considerable amount of media attention. Both women have been active in a range of social and political causes in recent years, and have become powerful advocates for issues such as education, healthcare, and women's rights. Their appearance at the game is expected to be met with a mixture of excitement and anticipation, as well as the inevitable controversy that seems to follow high-profile figures wherever they go. Despite the potential for chaos and disruption, many in the St Louis community are hopeful that the protest will provide an opportunity for constructive dialogue and meaningful change. "We may not all agree on everything, but we all want a better future for ourselves and our children," said one resident. "Hopefully, this protest can be a step in that direction." As of now, it remains to be seen what impact the protest will have on the game itself, or on the broader national conversation around police violence and racial inequality. But one thing is certain - come Wednesday, all eyes will be on St Louis, as a diverse array of voices come together to make their voices heard in the ongoing struggle for social justice.