article: (CNN) -- Victoria Pendleton rounded off another night of triumph for hosts Great Britain in the Olympic Velodrome with a storming ride to take gold in the women's keirin Friday. Pendleton suffered bitter disappointment on the first night of finals when she and partner Jess Varnish were disqualified in the women's team sprint for a technical infringement, but made amends with the second gold of her Games career. The 31-year-old Pendleton powered to the front with over a lap to go and held off a determined challenge from China's Guo Shuang to claim an emotional victory. "My legs were still good from last night. I really wanted to show what I've got. It turned out okay, I guess," she said. Lee Wai-Sze of Hong Kong took a surprise bronze with Pendleton's arch-rival Anna Meares of Australia out of the medals. Pendleton will get one more chance for golden glory when she defends her women's sprint title. She followed Britain's men's team pursuit squad on to the track after the quartet of Geraint Thomas, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Peter Kennaugh had broken their own world record to take gold by beating arch-rivals Australia in the final. Tour de France winner and Olympic time trial champion Bradley Wiggins was in the 6,000 capacity crowd to watch his GB compatriots defend their Beijing crown. Wiggins had been part of that team, which also set a world record, and the 2012 version did not disappoint either. Clancy and Thomas were picking up their second successive golds in the event as they crossed the line in a time of three minutes 51.659 seconds. Australia were just under three seconds adrift with New Zealand winning the bronze medal after beating Russia in their run off. There was promise of more gold for the rampant home team in the women's team pursuit where the trio of Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell and Dani King broke their own world record in qualifying. Their time of three minutes 15.669 seconds, edged their own mark for the 3,000m event set at the world championships earlier this year. It is the seventh world record to be set in the velodrome and the fifth for the hosts, who won the men's team sprint on the first night.
highlights: Britain win two gold medals on second night of competition in track cycling . Victoria Pendleton takes women's keirin after disappointment of team sprint . GB men's team pursuit squad break world record to beat Australia in final . GB women's team pursuit squad beat their own world mark in qualifying .
id: db4c1b86d2da79fdd140371ef6a14033acf65fba
chatgpt: Britain's dominance was on full display during the second night of competition in the track cycling event at the London Olympics. The British cycling team claimed two more gold medals, with Victoria Pendleton taking the women's keirin, and the men's team pursuit squad smashing the world record to defeat Australia in the final. Pendleton, who had been visibly upset after the disappointment of the team sprint, put on an incredible performance to take the gold medal in the women's keirin. She led the race from the front and held off the challenge of the rest of the field to cross the line first. It was a much-needed victory for Pendleton, who has been one of the faces of the British cycling team for many years. The GB men's team pursuit squad put in a performance for the ages in the final, breaking the world record by over a second to defeat arch-rivals Australia. The squad of Ed Clancy, Geraint Thomas, Steven Burke, and Peter Kennaugh were simply spectacular, as they dominated the race from start to finish. The team finished over three seconds ahead of their opponents, highlighting their incredible superiority. The GB women's team pursuit squad also had a night to remember, breaking their own world mark in the qualifying round. The team comprising of Laura Trott, Dani King, and Joanna Rowsell set a blistering pace, finishing in a time of 3 minutes and 14.682 seconds, over a second faster than their previous world record.  The British cycling team has now won five gold medals in the first two days of the competition, with all five coming in track cycling events. The team has undoubtedly cemented themselves as the dominant force in track cycling, and it will take something special for any other team to beat them.  The performances of the British cycling team have sent shockwaves throughout the Olympic Village, with many praising their incredible teamwork and tenacity. The team has been competing at an incredibly high level, and they have undoubtedly set the standard for the rest of the competition. In conclusion, the second night of competition in the track cycling event at the London Olympics was a spectacular showcase of British dominance. The team has won two more gold medals, with Victoria Pendleton taking the women's keirin, and the men's team pursuit squad breaking the world record to defeat Australia in the final. The GB women's team pursuit squad also set a new world mark in the qualifying round. The British cycling team has undoubtedly established themselves as the team to beat in track cycling, and they will be looking to add more gold medals to their tally in the days to come.