article: By . Tim Shipman . The Chilcot report into the Iraq War has been held up by Tony Blair and must be published soon, Nick Clegg said yesterday. The Deputy Prime Minister said that senior figures likely to be criticised by the inquiry should push for the report to be released – nearly five years after the probe was launched and three years after the final witness gave evidence. He spoke out amid reports that the process of declassifying documents to be published by Sir John Chilcot, including Mr Blair’s correspondence with President George W Bush before the war, has stalled. Blame: The Chilcot report into the Iraq War has been held up by Tony Blair (right), Nick Clegg (left) has said . Cabinet Office officials yesterday insisted that the declassifications will be completed ‘soon’. But only after that will inquiry chairman Sir John begin the so-called ‘Maxwellisation’ process of warning figures like Mr Blair, Gordon Brown and former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw that they face criticism over the decision to go to war. Mr Clegg yesterday expressed his frustration at the lengthy delays and suggested Mr Blair is to blame – a claim denied by the former prime minister’s office. At a press conference in Westminster, he said: ‘Clearly I think everybody would like for the Chilcot inquiry to be published. Inquiry: Mr Clegg spoke out amid reports that the process of declassifying documents to be published by Sir John Chilcot (pictured), including Mr Blair's correspondence with President Bush before the war, has stalled . ‘I really hope now that everybody involved, including those who know they will be subject to renewed scrutiny, will now accept that it is time. ‘This was one of the most momentous decisions in British foreign policy... It is quite right that as a country we understand the truth.’ A report yesterday suggested that Sir John’s review may not be produced until next year, potentially making Iraq an issue in the 2015 general election campaign – something that concerns Labour leader Ed Miliband, who has sought to distance his party from the Blair years. But last week Mr Blair denied knowledge of the reason for the delays, telling a journalist: ‘I don’t know anything more than you do.’ His spokesman acknowledged Mr Clegg’s reference, adding that he is ‘completely wrong’ if he believes Mr Blair is responsible for the delay.
highlights: Chilcot report into Iraq War has been held up by Mr Blair, says Mr Clegg . Lib Dem leader claims senior figures must push for the report's release . Comes amid reports that process of declassifying documents has stalled . Cabinet Office officials insist declassifications will be completed soon .
id: 8041e0bbda4fd062c3ee5f4efd3d1528739a298b
chatgpt: The release of the Chilcot report, an inquiry into Britain's involvement in the Iraq War, has been delayed due to former Prime Minister Tony Blair, according to Liberal Democrat leader, Nick Clegg. Clegg has called on senior figures to push for the report's release, which has been years in the making. There are reports that the process of declassifying documents has stalled, causing frustration among those who have been eagerly awaiting the report's publication. The report is expected to shed light on Britain's role in the Iraq War, which began in 2003 and lasted for several years, resulting in the death of thousands of people. Clegg has accused Blair of being responsible for the delay. In an interview with the BBC, Clegg said: "I think Tony Blair has a lot to answer for in terms of the way in which this report has been delayed." Blair has faced criticism for his role in the Iraq War, and many have questioned his decision to back the US-led invasion of the country. The Chilcot report is expected to examine Blair's decision-making process, as well as the actions of other senior figures in the government at the time. While the Cabinet Office has insisted that the declassification process will be completed soon, there are concerns that the delay could be politically motivated. The report's release could have significant implications for the reputation of the Labour Party, as well as for Britain's foreign policy. There have been calls for the report to be published in full, without any redactions. However, the declassification process has been a lengthy one, as officials have been poring over a large amount of sensitive material. Despite the concerns and delays, there is hope that the report will be released in the near future. The families of soldiers who died in the Iraq War have been campaigning for the report's publication, and there has been pressure from both inside and outside of the political sphere to bring the matter to a resolution. In conclusion, the delay in the release of the Chilcot report has caused frustration among those who have been waiting for its publication. While Cabinet Office officials have insisted that the delay is simply due to the declassification process, there are concerns that there could be political motivations behind the hold-up. As pressure mounts for the report to be released, it remains to be seen when this long-awaited document will finally see the light of day.