article: By . Daniel Mills . Prime Minister Tony Abbott obviously forgot to refer to the Socceroos' teamsheet on Saturday when he awkwardly referred to Australia's captain Mile Jedinak as 'Mike' in a cringeworthy World Cup video message. The patriotic-looking PM, sporting a Socceroos scarf and standing before the Australian flag, delivered his stirring message of support to the Socceroos in a YouTube message on Saturday morning as they prepared to play in their first World Cup match. But as if a 3-1 defeat to Chile wasn't bad enough, the PM only managed to make it to the three-second mark before butchering his well intended message by referring to team captain Jedinak, as 'Mike', instead of Mile. Draped in Green and Gold and the Australian flag in the background, the stage was set for Mr Abbott who just needed to do bit more research before delivering his message . Thankfully he didn't also have a problem with the coach, Ange Postecoglou. 'Ange, MIKE and the Socceroos,' he said, 'in this World Cup you have the opportunity to make the world game our national game'. He went on to say that the weight of a nation rests on the Socceroos' shoulders and that the side, no matter how well they perform on the world stage, will have the country's full support. 'Throughout this Cup we'll burn the midnight oil as you take the field in our name.' 'We stand with you as you wear our colours into the world's greatest team sporting event. 'We're behind you, we're willing you on to victory and we know you'll seize the moment.' If only the PM had seized the moment to get the skipper's name right. So close, yet so far: Tony Abbott was just one letter in the alphabet away from getting the socceroos captains name right .
highlights: PM made the blunder on YouTube in message to Socceroos . He was just three seconds in when unknowingly he called 'Mile', 'Mike' The message did not stir the Socceroos on to victory, losing 3-1 to Chile . Socceroos play 2010 Runners up Netherlands on June 19 .
id: 5663f10f4dc0ab8dc15fc3f2a1ab5b2b1bffc472
chatgpt: Australian Prime Minister (PM) Scott Morrison has found himself at the center of a social media storm after mispronouncing the name of Australian soccer player Mile Jedinak in a recent message to the Socceroos. Morrison recorded a message on YouTube to wish the Australian national soccer team good luck in their match against Chile, but stumbled over Jedinak's name just three seconds into the message, addressing him as "Mike" instead of "Mile."  Despite the Prime Minister's sincere intentions, his blunder did not quite stir the Socceroos into victory. In fact, the Australian team suffered a 3-1 defeat against Chile, leaving fans and pundits alike to wonder about the team's performance in the upcoming World Cup.  One of the most dominant players on the team, Mile Jedinak, is a key figure that the team relies on, both for his leadership qualities and his ability to score goals. Unfortunately, the Prime Minister's mispronunciation of Jedinak's name may have contributed to the team's loss against their Chilean opponents.  Despite the setback, the Socceroos have a golden opportunity to redeem themselves when they face the Netherlands on June 19. The Dutch team, who were the runners-up in the 2010 World Cup, are expected to provide a tough test for the Australian side. However, the Socceroos can take heart from the fact that they have faced the Dutch before, and have had some notable successes against them.  The upcoming match against the Netherlands will be a test of the Socceroos' resilience and their ability to overcome adversity. The team will need to be at their very best if they are to have any chance of beating the Dutch and putting themselves in a strong position for the rest of the tournament.  For the Prime Minister, his slight mispronunciation may have caused some embarrassment, but it is unlikely to have any lasting impact on his political career. However, he might want to take note of the importance of accuracy in even the seemingly smallest details, particularly when it comes to representing the country on a global stage.  All eyes will be on the Socceroos in their upcoming match against the Netherlands. The team will be fighting hard to redeem themselves after their defeat against Chile, and to show the world what they are truly capable of. Fans and supporters alike will be waiting with bated breath to see if the team can rise to the occasion and secure a much-needed win.