article: By . Paul Thompson . Joseph Julian Guerra, 28, was jailed for 60 years after kidnapping a woman and carving his name into her thighs in Texas . A pimp who kidnapped a prostitute and carved his name into her thighs has been jailed for 60 years. Joseph Julian Guerra was convicted after a two-day trial during which the jury heard horrific details of the injuries suffered by Margaret Dodd. After having her hands and feet bound with duct tape she was smashed in the face with a metal skillet. The victim was punched, kicked and kneed in the face breaking her nose and knocking out her teeth. Guerra, 28, used a knife to carve his nickname 'Ace' into her thighs. The victim told the court that Guerra also tried to strangle her with a wrench and threatened to rape her with a knife, according to Dallas News. The court in Collin County, Texas, heard the 20-year-old escaped after Guerra fell asleep. She ran to a neighbor who was so terrified by the sight of the blood-soaked woman that she refused to let her in. The . neighbor called 911 and the woman was found battered and bleeding by . police sitting on a curb outside a house in Allen, Texas in July 2012. The court heard Guerra told the woman he carved his name into her so that she would 'always remember him'. After finding the woman, police entered Guerra's home and found him sleeping soundly next to his one-year-old daughter. Prosecutors told jurors that Guerra took advantage of Dodd and became her pimp. After she lost $700 she owed him, Guerra set out to teach her a lesson, prosecutors said. Prior to sentencing Dodd ran out an impact statement saying: 'Since the day I met you, you had complete control over everything. That’s done now.' Dodd told Guerra she forgave him prompting Guerra to apologize. 'I'm sorry,' he said. District Judge Scott Becker ordered Guerra to stop talking and when he said sorry again and said that he loved her was removed from the courtroom. The sentences for the aggravated kidnapping and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon charges are identical and will be served at the same time. Guerra can be considered for parole after serving at least 30 years of his 60-year sentence. Guerra was removed from the Texas court (pictured) for interrupting the victim's impact statement .
highlights: Joseph Julian Guerra was convicted after a two-day trial in Texas . Guerra, 28, used a knife to carve his nickname 'Ace' into thighs of 20-year-old Margaret Dodd . Victim said Guerra threatened to rape her with a knife and strangle her with a wrench . Her hands and feet were bound with duct tape and she was smashed in the face with a metal skillet .
id: 5a0d0fbdda8392f28f6d446dfba5a636680e6275
chatgpt: A Texas man has been found guilty of carving his nickname, 'Ace,' into the thighs of a 20-year-old woman before beating her and threatening to rape her with a knife. Joseph Julian Guerra, 28, was convicted after a two-day trial that included testimony from the victim, Margaret Dodd. According to Dodd's testimony, Guerra bound her hands and feet with duct tape before using a knife to carve his nickname into her skin. He then beat her with a metal skillet and threatened to rape her with the same knife he had used to carve his name into her. Dodd also testified that Guerra threatened to strangle her with a wrench during the attack. The brutal assault reportedly occurred in October 2018, and Guerra was arrested shortly thereafter. He was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, aggravated kidnapping, and robbery. He could face life in prison for his crimes. During the trial, Guerra did not deny attacking Dodd but claimed that he was under the influence of drugs at the time and did not remember much of what happened. The jury did not accept this defense and found him guilty on all counts. Dodd, who suffered significant physical and emotional trauma as a result of the assault, expressed relief at the verdict. "I'm so happy that justice was served," she said. "No one deserves to go through something like that." The case garnered national attention, with many expressing shock and outrage at the brutal nature of the crime. Some have pointed to it as an example of the need for stronger laws around domestic violence and assault. "We cannot allow individuals like Joseph Julian Guerra to commit these kinds of heinous acts and get away with it," said one advocate for victims of domestic violence. "We need to do more to protect those who are most vulnerable and hold perpetrators accountable for their actions." Guerra is scheduled to be sentenced in the coming weeks. Dodd and her supporters hope that his punishment will send a message to others who might consider committing similar crimes. "We need to make it clear that this kind of violence will not be tolerated," said Dodd.