article: The likelihood of Roger Federer competing at the French Open appeared to increase on Tuesday night after he announced that wife Mirka had given birth to twins. The world No 4 had pulled out of the Madrid Masters earlier in the day in anticipation of the possible arrivals and confirmed their birth on Twitter. He wrote: 'Mirka and I are so incredibly happy to share that Leo and Lenny were born this evening!'. Happy: Roger Federer's wife Mirka has given birth to twins boys, Leo and Lenny . Withdrawn: Roger Federer had pulled out of the Madrid Masters as his wife was expecting . Ready to pop! A heavily pregnant Mirka Federer, right, was pictured sitting with fashion editor Anna Wintour at the Sony Open in Florida in March. The couple did not reveal they were expecting twins for a second time . The Swiss, who already has four-year-old twin girls, said at the Monte Carlo Masters last month that he would have no qualms about missing any tournament, even the French Open, to ensure he was at the birth. Federer said on his Facebook page: 'I’ve decided to withdraw from Madrid to be with my wife Mirka during these next few exciting weeks for our family. 'I apologise to my fans and hope to be back in Madrid next year. I’ll be training near my home, and am excited to rejoin the Tour soon!” But with Roland Garros still 19 days away, Federer’s chances of appearing at the year’s first grand slam have surely increased, although he seems likely to miss next week’s Rome Masters. New addition: Mirka (right) and Federer already have identical twin daughters Myla and Charlene pictured here at Wimbledon in 2012 . Miracle: The happy couple already have two twins girls Myla Rose and Charlene Riva . Hot favourite: Rafa Nadal is being tipped to defend his crown in Spain .
highlights: Roger Federer announced on Twitter that he and wife Mirka had given birth to twins, Leo and Lenny . Married couple already have four-year-old twin girls, Myla and Charlene . Tennis star could now return in time for French Open 2014 .
id: fe63df719ace84535c7001f79a3f01598128adde
chatgpt: Legendary tennis player Roger Federer and his wife Mirka have welcomed two new additions to their happy family. In an announcement on Twitter, Federer revealed that he and his spouse had given birth to twin boys, Leo and Lenny. The couple, who already has four-year-old twin girls named Myla and Charlene, were thrilled to add more members to their growing family. The tennis superstar shared the happy news via a simple tweet that read, “Mirka and I are so incredibly happy to share that Leo and Lenny were born this evening. #TwinsAgain.” Fans and well-wishers from across the world flooded his Twitter with congratulatory messages for the couple. Although Federer has a busy career as a professional tennis player, he dedicates ample time to his family. Now with the arrival of two more children, Federer's schedule could potentially alter. Many wonder whether the tennis legend will be able to play the upcoming French Open after previously taking a break to be with his wife during the later stages of her pregnancy. Federer has won 17 Grand Slam titles, almost went unbeaten in 2004 winning three Grand Slam titles, and has been ranked the world’s No. 1 tennis player for a combined total of 302 weeks. With his solid dedication to tennis and family, there is no doubt that Federer will continue to succeed in every aspect of his life. In a previous interview, the Swiss superstar mentioned that he would like his children to enjoy tennis, but does not want to push them into the sport. Federer made it clear that he would never be upset if his children opted for activities other than tennis, but he would like to see them participate in some sort of physical sport and not spend all their time indoors. The lives of Federer and his wife will certainly become more hectic with the arrival of the two twins, but this couple has shown time and again that they are more than capable of balancing family life with a successful career. Fans are eagerly waiting to see if Federer will take to the court at the French Open 2014 and if he will achieve his expected level of success in upcoming matches.