article: By . Darren Boyle for MailOnline . Gang leader ‘Fat’ Andy Connors was buried yesterday in a gold-plated coffin said to have cost£25,000. Irish police feared there might be an outbreak of violence at the funeral and erected a tight-knit security ring around the Church of the Nativity in Saggart, west Dublin. The funeral passed off without incident. Mr Connors was murdered in front of his wife and children last week. Gangster 'Fat' Andy Connors, was gunned down in front of his family in Dublin last week . Connors was laid to rest yesterday in a gold coffin which is thought to have cost in the region of £25,000 . 'Fat' Andy Connors, left, was a major target of the Irish Criminal Assets Bureau and a team of detectives . Yesterday parish priest Fr Enda Cunningham told the hundreds of mourners that the Connors family wanted no retaliation for his death. Fr Cunningham also said that the Lord would forgive ‘any sins’ the gang boss committed in this life. Connors led a highly organised Traveller gang that travelled the length and breadth of Ireland carrying out burglaries. While never directly involved in the robberies himself, he ‘directed operations’ and was ‘extremely wealthy’ as a consequence. Mr Connors was buried at St Michael’s Cemetery, Gorey, Co. Wexford, following the funeral mass. Investigating detectives have three main lines of inquiry. One is that he was shot dead by the IRA for refusing to hand over £40,000 protection money. The second is that he was murdered by a well-known south Dublin businessman who was laundering huge sums of cash for him. The third is that he was murdered by other Traveller criminals in a feud. The father of six was a major target of Operation Fiacla, an Irish police crackdown on burglaries nationwide. He was also a target of the Irish Criminal Assets Bureau who wanted to seize some of his property. Connors built a £3 million mansion on the outskirts of Dublin which had its own indoor swimming pool. The house had five bedrooms and sat on 1.6 acres of land. Connors rented out up to 20 pitches on the land to fellow travellers to park their caravans for up to £100-a-week each.
highlights: Gangster 'Fat' Andy Connors was shot dead in front of his family last week . The Dublin based criminal was the target of a major police operation . The traveller was buried yesterday in a gold coffin said which cost £25,000 .
id: 9dc156458a43812d114192705efafd0976c37d73
chatgpt: The criminal underworld in Dublin has experienced a shocking hit following the recent killing of notorious gangster 'Fat' Andy Connors. Last week, Connors, who was known for his involvement in various criminal activities, was fatally shot in front of his family. The incident is believed to be the result of a major police operation aimed at taking down Connors and his associates. Fat Andy's death sent shockwaves throughout the Irish traveller community, with many expressing their condolences and shock over the violent killing. The burial of the late gangster, which took place yesterday, was attended by members of his family, friends, and associates. Perhaps one of the most notable things about the funeral was the gold coffin in which Connors was laid to rest. Reports suggest that the coffin cost a whopping £25,000, a fact that has left many wondering about the deceased's reputed wealth. Many see Fat Andy's burial as a final flaunting of the power and influence that he wielded in the criminal underworld. It suggests that even in death, Andy Connors remains a force to be reckoned with. The impact of Fat Andy's death has gone beyond the traveller community, with many citizens in Dublin expressing relief that a man who had caused so much trouble and instability was finally taken down. It is believed that Connors had been involved in everything from drug trafficking to money laundering and had amassed a substantial fortune through his various criminal enterprises. With Fat Andy now out of the picture, authorities hope that they can stem the flow of illegal activities taking place in Dublin. However, it remains to be seen whether other criminal organizations will step in to fill the vacuum left by Connors' absence. In the meantime, the Irish traveller community continues to mourn the loss of one of its most prominent members. The death of Fat Andy Connors has once again shone a light on the turmoil and turbulence present in Dublin's criminal underworld, proving that there is still much work to be done to rid the city of its criminal elements.