article: (CNN) -- Comedian Tracy Morgan is suing Walmart over a deadly limo bus crash on the New Jersey Turnpike that left him critically injured. The complaint was filed Thursday in the U.S. District Court in New Jersey. Morgan, 45, suffered broken ribs, a broken nose and a broken leg in the crash in the early morning hours of June 7. His friend and fellow comedian James McNair was killed and others were injured. Morgan has been released from a rehabilitation center and will "continue his recovery at home with an aggressive outpatient program," his representative, Lewis Kay, said Saturday. "He asked me to pass along his sincerest gratitude to everyone who has helped him get to this point," Kay said. "He would also appreciate some privacy during this crucial point in his recovery." The Walmart truck that rear-ended Morgan's limo was traveling 20 mph over the speed limit and its driver was almost at his drive time limit, according to a preliminary report by the National Transportation Safety Board. According to the complaint filed by lawyers acting for Morgan and three others, the truck driven by Walmart employee Kevin Roper collided with the rear end of Morgan's vehicle. "The defendants' negligence was a substantial contributing factor in causing plaintiffs' injuries," the complaint states. In a statement, Walmart said the crash had been a "terrible tragedy" and that it wished full recoveries to Morgan and two others injured with him, comedian Ardley Fuqua and Morgan's personal assistant Jeffrey Millea. The fourth plaintiff in the lawsuit is Millea's wife, Krista. "Our thoughts continue to go out to them, their families and friends, as well as to the families and friends of everyone involved, including Mr. McNair who lost his life," the Walmart statement said. "We are deeply sorry that one of our trucks was involved. As we've said, we're cooperating fully in the ongoing investigation. We know it will take some time to resolve all of the remaining issues as a result of the accident, but we're committed to doing the right thing for all involved." Roper, from Jonesboro, Georgia, pleaded not guilty last month to criminal charges that include vehicular homicide and assault by auto. Kay said that Morgan didn't have any comment on the lawsuit. He referred all other questions to Morgan's lawyer, Benedict Morelli. Morgan was a regular on "Saturday Night Live" for seven years and later received an Emmy nomination for his role in the comedy series "30 Rock." The New York City native made his reputation with over-the-top characters and impressions of celebrities such as Mike Tyson and Oprah Winfrey. Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles . Cevallos: Was Tracy Morgan crash a crime or accident?
highlights: NEW: Morgan released from rehab center, to continue recovery at home, his rep says . "We're committed to doing the right thing for all involved," says Walmart statement . Crash injured Morgan and killed his friend . Lawsuit is by Morgan and three others, and was filed in U.S. District Court in New Jersey .
id: 3d9c8ebdbc75e4016a91ff8df6bba801b0bb44c0
chatgpt: Former "Saturday Night Live" cast member Tracy Morgan has been released from a rehabilitation center to continue his recovery from a devastating accident at home, according to his representative. Morgan, who was injured along with several other passengers in a car crash that killed his close friend and fellow comedian James McNair in June 2014, will undergo an "aggressive outpatient program" as he continues his rehabilitation. Although Morgan has made significant progress in his recovery, he will still require ongoing medical care, said his representative. The comedian suffered a traumatic brain injury, multiple broken bones, and other serious injuries in the accident, which occurred when a Walmart truck slammed into his limousine on the New Jersey Turnpike. Morgan and the families of McNair and two other passengers filed a lawsuit against Walmart in the aftermath of the crash, alleging that the retail giant showed negligence by allowing the driver, Kevin Roper, to operate the truck for more than 24 hours without proper rest. Roper had been driving for more than 13 hours at the time of the accident, according to investigators. In response to the lawsuit, Walmart issued a statement expressing its commitment to doing what's right for all those involved in the tragedy. "We know it will take some time to resolve all of the remaining issues as a result of the accident, but we're committed to doing what's right for everyone," the company said. The lawsuit, which was filed in U.S. District Court in New Jersey, seeks damages for Morgan's ongoing medical care and lost income, as well as compensation for the families of the other passengers who were injured or killed in the accident. Morgan's release from the rehabilitation center marks a major milestone in his recovery, but he still faces a long road ahead. The comedian has been open about his struggles to recover from the crash, including a period of depression and anxiety that he said left him feeling "broken." In a recent interview with People magazine, Morgan said that he remains "far from normal" but is grateful for the progress he's made so far. "I have my good days and my bad days," he said. "But I'm working hard every day to get better." Despite the ongoing challenges he faces, Morgan said he's determined to return to the stage and resume his career as a comedian. "Comedy is my life," he said. "It's what I do. And I'm not going to let this accident take that away from me."