article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:33 EST, 27 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:58 EST, 27 February 2014 . A Russian tourist has been left with horrific injuries after he was allegedly beaten after offending locals when he rang a sacred religious bell. Sergey Bogdanov has now sent a video message to President Putin appealing for help to get him back home. The 28-year-old had gone on holiday to India and ended up settling for a while in the village of Mandrem when the incident happened. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Russian tourist Sergey Bogdanov has said he was badly beaten after he rang a sacred bell while on holiday in an Indian village . Mr Bogdanov, from the Russian seaport city of Kaliningrad, said he was badly beaten by a mob after ringing the bell and was even refused help by doctors. He told Russian media by telephone: 'It seemed really peaceful here and the locals are friendly, all that changed when I went to a local temple to take a few pictures and I saw a bell which I rang. 'Apparently the bell is only rung on sacred days when somebody dies, and before I knew it there was a mob rushing up to the temple and I was dragged out onto the streets and kicked and beaten with sticks. 'Some monks dragged me away from the mob but they then didn't help me at all, and I had to make my own way to the local medical centre where the doctors had heard about my apparently sacrilegious act – and they also refused to help me other than giving me a few bandages. The 28-year-old has now sent a video message to President Putin appealing for help to get him back home . Mr Bogdanov had gone on holiday to India and ended up settling for a while in the village of Mandrem when the incident happened (file picture of Mandrem) 'My wallet and my money had vanished and I had no alternative but to go back to my accommodation in agony. I managed to get a telephone message to my mother who flew over immediately but I need paperwork and money to fly back with her. 'My poor mother almost had a heart attack when she saw me, she is doing her best to look after me but I need proper medical attention that I can only get it seems in Russia.' Mr Bogdanov has appealed to Putin to help him get the paperwork and a ticket back home via the Russian Embassy in Mumbai.
highlights: Sergey Bogdanov left with horrific injuries after being beaten in Indian village . The 28-year-old Russian said he was attacked after ringing a sacred bell . He has now sent a video message to President Putin appealing for help to get him back home .
id: 151632549be37807b3c9c3bce34ebfb0869e3138
chatgpt: Sergey Bogdanov, a 28-year-old Russian tourist, was left with devastating injuries after being brutally beaten in a village in India. According to Bogdanov, he was attacked for ringing a sacred bell while visiting a Hindu temple in the village. Bogdanov, who was visiting India alone, recounted the terrifying incident in a video message that he sent to Russian President Vladimir Putin. In the video, Bogdanov describes the attack, saying he was surrounded by a group of men who beat him with sticks and left him for dead. Bogdanov was eventually rescued by a passerby and taken to a local hospital, where he was treated for multiple injuries. The extent of his injuries is still not fully clear, but pictures circulating on social media show a heavily bruised and swollen face. In his video message to President Putin, Bogdanov appeals for help to get back home to Russia. He says that he is now scared to leave his hospital room and is desperate to be reunited with his family. The Russian embassy in India has said that they are aware of the incident and are working closely with local authorities to ensure Bogdanov's safety and wellbeing. They have also said that they are investigating the incident to determine what happened and who was responsible. The attack on Bogdanov has sparked outrage among the Russian community in India, with many calling for increased security measures to protect tourists visiting the country. The incident has raised questions about the safety of foreign visitors in India and the steps that need to be taken to prevent similar attacks from happening in the future. India has long been known for its rich cultural heritage and attracts millions of tourists from around the world every year. However, incidents like the attack on Bogdanov highlight the need for increased measures to ensure the safety and wellbeing of visitors to the country. President Putin has yet to respond to Bogdanov's plea for help, but many are hopeful that the Russian government will take swift action to aid their citizen in distress. In the meantime, Bogdanov remains in the hospital, recovering from his injuries and waiting for the day when he can return home to his loved ones in Russia.