article: With Prince Harry watching live from the VIP section, Stephen Bunting produced a suitably regal performance, knocking out the No 6 seed James Wade from the William Hill PDC world darts championships. His Royal Highness decided to sample the boisterous Ally Pally atmosphere for just the second time – on the last occasion, nearly four years ago, protocol was breached when the victorious semi-finalist Adrian Lewis inadvertently kissed the fifth in line to the throne in sheer excitement. Once again, though, the Prince chose an excellent night to watch the arrows. In a wonderfully thrilling second-round performance, Bunting underlined his class by smashing Wade 4-1. Prince Harry enjoyed a night at the darts as HRH watched the action at Alexandra Palace on Monday . Prince Harry was engrossed in the darts as Stephen Bunting knocked out No 6 seed James Dart . While his doubles ratio of 37 per cent will have to improve as the tournament progress, the 29-year-old impressively hit checkouts of 161, 144 and 118. The Bullet, the No 27 seed, eventually shot down one of the best players on the circuit with a double 10 finish. 'I was really nervous out there,' said Bunting, who faces Michael Smith in the Last 16. 'But I had a lot of fans watching. They were my 12th man and they got me through it. I'm not happy with a 93 average. I need to do better.' Wade, 31, said: 'Stephen is not of the same level as me but he was the better player out there. This is embarrassing. I really thought I would win (the tournament) this year.' Bunting celebrates his shock win over Wade as he reached the third round at Alexandra Palace . Raymond van Barneveld (left) celebrates his narrow win over Jamie Cavern . For the second successive year, Raymond van Barneveld played Jamie Caven at the worlds – and 12 months after winning 4-3 in the second round, the Dutchman repeated the trick once again. This match went with the throw for six sets – basically whoever threw first in the opening leg of the set ended up being the victor. However, in the decisive, seventh set, Barney's experience and nous as a five-time world champion paid off. The Dutchman, who received supportive Twitter messages from Man Utd and Holland striker Robin van Persie, will now face Adrian Lewis this evening in a potentially titanic third-round encounter. Bunting joked: 'I didn't know Harry was here. I'm going to have a pint with him now! But it is great that darts is getting this type of coverage.' In terms of darts royalty, there are few who come bigger than the defending champion. And the Dutchman Michael van Gerwen, the man who lifted the Sid Waddell trophy on New Year’s Day, became the first man into the quarter-finals, beating Terry ‘The Bull’ Jenkins 4-1. Defending champion Michael van Gerwen celebrates as he saw off the challenge of Terry Jenkins .
highlights: Prince Harry was at Alexandra Palace to watch the darts on Monday night . He saw Stephen Bunting knock out James Wade in the second round . Raymond van Barneveld beat Jamie Caven by 4-3 in a tense encounter . Defending champion Michael van Gerwen eased into the last eight .
id: deb38b11c4ab2924cc57f82394ca8a20eaf4b676
chatgpt: Prince Harry enjoyed a night of exciting entertainment on Monday as he attended the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London. The royal was spotted in the crowd cheering on his favorite players and soaking up the electric atmosphere of the event. One of the most thrilling moments of the night was in the second round match between Stephen Bunting and James Wade. Prince Harry was in attendance to witness Bunting knock Wade out of the competition with a 3-0 win, impressing the crowd with his accuracy and skill on the board. But it wasn't just the Prince who was on the edge of their seat during the games. The matches were tense and had fans captivated as the players battled for supremacy. In another intense encounter, Raymond van Barneveld managed to edge out Jamie Caven with a 4-3 scoreline. The spectators were engrossed as the two players put on a real show, with van Barneveld showing determination to come out on top. Defending champion Michael van Gerwen was also in attendance and didn't disappoint his fans, as he comfortably defeated Jonny Clayton to book his place in the last eight of the competition. The crowd were treated to some exquisite play from van Gerwen who showed just why he is rated as one of the best in the world. The games were packed with excitement and passion, with each player giving it their all on the stage to try and progress to the next round. Fans in attendance were excited to be a part of the electric atmosphere, making the experience even more memorable for those watching from home. The PDC World Championship is in its 28th year, and the tournament has become increasingly popular in recent years. With the best players from across the globe competing in a thrilling display of skill, it has become a must-watch event for fans of darts and sports enthusiasts alike. Prince Harry was seen enjoying the event and the electrifying atmosphere it brought. His attendance has brought even more attention to the tournament and highlights how popular the event has become. The event ran from the 15th of December to the 3rd of January and was watched by fans from around the world. Overall, the Prince Harry's visit brought further attention to one of the most exciting sporting events in the world. The competition continued to produce some fascinating matches, leaving fans enthralled and excited for what's to come in the world of darts. As the tournament progresses, fans can look forward to more thrilling moments from some of the best players in the world.