article: By . Emma Innes . Most people would go to great lengths to avoid being bitten by bedbugs. Not so for one U.S. insect expert who decided to allow 1,000 of the creatures to give him a temporary 'tattoo'. Johnny Fedora allowed the bedbugs to feast on his arm in a bid to see what would happen to his skin. Scroll down for video . Johnny Fedora allowed 1,000 bedbugs to feast on his arm in a bid to see what they would do to his skin . Mr Fedora put a rabbit-shaped stencil over an open jar of bedbugs and then put it over his arm . Two hours after the experiment, he had a red, rabbit-shaped mark on his arm where he had been bitten . Mr Fedora placed a stencil of a rabbit over an open jar full of bedbugs. He then placed his arm over the mouth of the jar and allowed the creatures to bite him, io9.com reports. The colony of bedbugs was being kept to train a bed bug sniffing dog - Bob the beagle - to find them in hotel rooms. Mr Fedora said while it was not painful he could feel the bugs biting him. As they were feeding on his arm he could see them in the jar swelling up and turning red as they filled up with his blood. Two hours after the experiment, he was left with a neat red rabbit-shaped mark on his arm. After 24 hours the whole area had turned an angry red and the rabbit was no longer visible. At this point, his arm was also very swollen and itchy. About 24 hours after the experiment, the area was red, swollen and itchy and the rabbit was not visible . Mr Fedora then developed a series of blisters where he had been bitten by the bedbugs . Some 72 hours after the experiment, the rabbit-shape mark had returned and the blisters had gone down . He . then developed a number of blisters which he says are an atypical . response to bedbug bites - he says people who are bitten once or twice . will not usually develop blisters but that having hundreds attack you . can lead to pus-filled lumps. By 72 hours after the experiment, the neat rabbit tattoo had returned. Two weeks later the mark had almost entirely disappeared. Bedbugs are small blood-sucking insects that can live in the cracks and crevices around a bed. They are attracted by body heat and crawl out at night to bite people and feed on their blood. Some people develop no signs of the bites at all while others develop itchy red bumps. They are not dangerous and they do not transmit any human diseases.
highlights: Johnny Fedora wanted to discover what the bugs would do to his skin . Insect expert placed a rabbit-shaped stencil over an open jar full of bugs . He then placed his arm over the stencil and allowed the bugs to bite him . This left him with a red, itchy, rabbit-shaped mark for almost two weeks .
id: ca5ab43d4fa2bfdfed68ad2b850eac9ccced0fc7
chatgpt: Johnny Fedora's curiosity had gotten the best of him when he decided to conduct a peculiar experiment. He wanted to know what it would feel like to have bugs bite his skin. Little did he know that this experiment would leave him with a rabbit-shaped reminder for the next two weeks. To assist his experiment, Johnny consulted with an insect expert who had a jar full of bugs. The insect expert thought it would be an interesting venture to put a rabbit-shaped stencil over the jar's opening to imprint a unique shape onto Johnny's skin. Johnny was excited about the idea and decided to go through with it. The insect expert held the stencil over the jar of bugs while Johnny held his arm over the top, allowing the bugs to bite him. The bugs wasted no time in biting Johnny's exposed arm. With each bite, Johnny winced in pain, but he was determined to see the experiment through. Once the experiment was over, a visibly excited Johnny eagerly examined his arm. To his surprise, the bites had left a rabbit-shaped mark on his skin. Johnny was overjoyed at the result and excitedly showed off his rabbit-shaped mark to anyone who would listen. However, the excitement was short-lived as the bites started to itch, and the rabbit-shaped mark became increasingly red. Despite applying ointments and creams, Johnny could not shake off the irritation and discomfort. Eventually, he had to visit a dermatologist who confirmed that the bites were from bugs and adviced anti-allergy medication to prevent the bites from spreading. Johnny had learned his lesson and realized the danger of exposing his skin to bugs. While he may have obtained a unique experience that left him with a rabbit-shaped mark, he also experienced intense itching and discomfort that followed. This experiment was undoubtedly something that Johnny would never repeat. Nonetheless, bug bites are not something to be taken lightly. They can cause significant discomfort and even transmit diseases. With the increased prevalence of insect-borne illnesses, it is crucial that we take measures to protect ourselves from them. Prevention is always better than a cure, and it is recommended that people take caution when around bugs. In conclusion, the curiosity of Johnny Fedora led to an experiment that left him with a unique, rabbit-shaped mark on his arm. However, the bites soon became a source of irritation that lasted for almost two weeks. Johnny learned an important lesson about the risks associated with bug bites, and it is essential that we all take measures to keep ourselves safe when around bugs.