article: (CNN) -- The Army psychiatrist who killed 13 people at Fort Hood has written a letter to the leader of ISIS, asking to become a citizen of the Islamic State's caliphate, his attorney said Thursday. "The letter states that Nadal Hasan wants to become a citizen of the Islamic State caliphate," attorney John Galligan said. "He wrote it in the last few weeks." Details of the letter were first reported by Fox News on Thursday. Described as a two page letter, it was addressed to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the notorious leader of ISIS who declared himself the caliph -- the religious ruler -- over what he calls the Islamic State that he says stretches from western Syria to eastern Iraq. "I formally and humbly request to be made a citizen of the Islamic State," Hasan wrote in the letter, according to Fox News. "It would be an honor for any believers to be an obedient citizen soldier to a people and its leader who don't compromise the religion of All-Mighty Allah to get along with the disbelievers." Hasan is on the military's death row at the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Hasan was sentenced to death by a military court for the November 5, 2009, rampage, which authorities said the American-born Muslim carried out because he did not want to deploy to Afghanistan to fight other Muslims. Hasan was an Army major when he carried out the rampage at a deployment center, targeting unarmed soldiers who were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan or just returning. Thirty-two people were also injured in the attack. His rampage was brought to an end when he was shot by two police officers. The shooting left him paralyzed. During his trial, he offered no defense. At one point, he told the judge there was "adequate provocation" for the attack because the soldiers were going to participate in "an illegal war" in Afghanistan. Opinion: When Americans leave for jihad . CNN's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report.
highlights: Nidal Hasan is on the military's death row at Fort Leavenworth . He wrote a letter to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, his attorney says . In the letter, Hasan says it would be an honor to be an "obedient citizen soldier"
id: 86fabbb672e9ded45c9181d965497adad66d4cb3
chatgpt: Nidal Hasan, the former Army psychiatrist who killed 13 people and wounded more than 30 others in a shooting rampage at Fort Hood, Texas in 2009 is on the military's death row at Fort Leavenworth. However, recent reports suggest that he has sent a letter to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, expressing his support for the terror group. According to Hasan's attorney, John Galligan, the letter was handwritten and sent to al-Baghdadi last month. In the letter, Hasan expressed his admiration for al-Baghdadi and his desire to become an "obedient citizen soldier" for the Islamic State. Galligan stated that he was not aware of the letter's contents until Hasan told him about it during a phone call. This letter has alarmed officials, who worry that Hasan's influence could motivate others to support the Islamic State. Experts say that his letter may be an attempt to gain attention or publicity, but it does raise concerns about the potential for radicalization amongst military personnel. Hasan has been on death row since 2013 after being found guilty of 13 counts of premeditated murder and 32 counts of attempted premeditated murder. Galligan has attempted to appeal his sentence and has suggested that Hasan's mental state was not fully evaluated before the trial. This development has caused concern among lawmakers and military officials, who are calling for stricter regulations on the communication of inmates on death row. In 2015, Congress passed the USA Freedom Act, which prohibits indiscriminate monitoring of communications between prisoners and their attorneys. However, it is unclear whether this law applies to Hasan's letter to al-Baghdadi. This incident raises questions about the potential for radicalization within the military and the need for stricter regulations on communication within the prison system. The government must take immediate action to prevent any further instances of this nature from occurring. It is essential to ensure that individuals like Hasan are unable to disseminate their extremist beliefs and influence others who walk a similar path.