article: (CNN)Sony's PlayStation and Microsoft's Xbox Live gaming networks experienced widespread problems on Christmas Day as a hacker group claimed responsibility for what it said was an attack. Hundreds of users took to Twitter to report problems with the systems, which lasted much of the day. "With the #Xbox hacking shutdown going on I'm watching my 15 year old nephew meltdown: 'I've got nothing else to do!!!!'" Jim Crilley Jr. wrote on the social messaging site. The problem persisted for hours, but Thursday night Xbox Live briefly posted a message on its support website saying: "Were you having a hard time signing in to Xbox Live? If so, we're glad to say we've reached a solution! You can once again sign in without any issues. Thanks for hanging in there while we worked. We appreciate it!" But many PlayStation users were still having difficulty logging on to their network. Gamers were able to play games offline, but couldn't communicate with other players or make use of network functions. The hacker group Lizard Squad said earlier it was "smacking" the two systems, apparently one of several attacks in December. The group took responsibility for keeping each network down earlier this month on separate occasions. On Thursday, the group asked for retweets in exchange for ending the problem, which could be a distributed denial of service attack. That's when hackers flood networks with illegitimate traffic, overwhelming the ability of the servers. The problem might be exacerbated by video gamers who received new systems for Christmas and were adding to the potential traffic on one of the busiest gaming days of the year. The network downtime started just hours after Microsoft's Xbox video store started to stream the Seth Rogen comedy "The Interview." The movie was made by Sony Pictures, a sibling of Sony's PlayStation division. Sony was the victim of a massive cyberattack in late November that was widely believed to be motivated, at least in part, by North Korea's anger over "The Interview," which depicts the assassination of Kim Jong Un. But there was no indication that Thursday's problems were in any way connected to the movie's digital release. Other participating distributors of the movie, such as YouTube, were unaffected. And PlayStation is not participating in the release. A Sony Pictures spokesman deferred to PlayStation for comment about the outage. CNN's Brian Stelter contributed to this report.
highlights: Some Xbox users finally able to log on to network . Incident and a hack of Sony Pictures don't appear to be related . Lizard Squad hacker group has claimed responsibility for prior attacks . One Twitter user bemoans issue, stuck with cranky teenager .
id: 1cf3685ac07d6c1467f1d2b7f092dc548d159df8
chatgpt: After experiencing connectivity issues for several hours, some Xbox users are finally able to log on to the network. The issue seemed to have affected users across regions, leading to frustration and angry reactions on social media platforms. The incident comes amidst recent concerns over cybersecurity after the hack of Sony Pictures last week. However, Microsoft has released a statement indicating that the two incidents are not related. Lizard Squad, a hacker group notorious for targeting prominent gaming platforms, have claimed responsibility for the prior attacks on Xbox live. The group has a history of launching distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks on gaming networks, causing widespread disruption. The latest incident seems to be another example of their attempts to gain notoriety. One Twitter user expressed annoyance at being stuck with a cranky teenager due to the connectivity issues. Others expressed sympathy with the sentiment, indicating that the disruption to their gaming experience had caused frustration and inconvenience. Microsoft has been working tirelessly to resolve the issue experienced by its users. In a statement released yesterday, they acknowledged the problem and outlined measures to ensure that users could soon return to their gaming experience. The statement urged users to remain calm and patient as they worked to fix the issue. Despite the frustration experienced by some users, many others took the opportunity to highlight Microsoft's prompt response and dedication to solving the issue. The company was praised for its transparency and commitment to ensuring that its customers had the best possible gaming experience. The incident highlights the need for gaming companies to maintain robust cybersecurity measures in the face of increasing threats from hackers. Lizard Squad has demonstrated its ability to breach even the most secure networks, and it's incumbent upon gaming companies to ensure that their users' data and gaming experiences are protected. As Xbox users return to their gaming experience, it remains to be seen what measures Microsoft will take to prevent such disruptions from occurring in the future. For now, gamers can only hope that they can enjoy their favorite games without being disrupted by hackers or connectivity issues.