article: (CNN) -- After nearly four years of hoping, waiting and praying, an Ohio family learned Sunday their missing son died in Iraq. A 2004 memorial at Glen Este High School in Ohio in honor of Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin. "It hurts -- it really hurts. You go through four years of hope," said Carolyn Maupin, whose son, Staff Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin, was captured by insurgents in April 2004. "It's like a letdown to me. I'm trying to get through that right now." His father, Keith Maupin, said military officials informed the family Sunday afternoon that the remains of the 24-year-old Army reservist had been identified. "Every parent knows the possibility exists that they may have to face the death of their child when they volunteer to go to war," he said. "However, those who are fortunate make peace with that and support their soldier, because they enlisted at their own free will." A Defense Department official also confirmed the identification, saying Maupin's remains were found last week but DNA results just came in. Coalition forces found the remains after a local Iraqi tipped them off, military officials said. Maupin, who was 20 at the time of his capture, and another soldier, Sgt. Elmer Krause, 40, were captured by insurgents April 9, 2004, after their convoy came under attack near Baghdad International Airport. A week later, Maupin was shown on a videotape, surrounded by several armed masked men. "My name is Keith Matthew Maupin," he stated in the video. "I am a soldier from the First Division. I am married with a 10-month-old child. I came to liberate Iraq, but I did not come willingly because I wanted to stay with my child." Krause's body was found two weeks later. Later that summer, Al-Jazeera aired a videotape purportedly showing the execution of Maupin, but U.S. officials haven't confirmed the identity of the person on the tape. The U.S. Army continued to promote Maupin, who was a private first class in the Army Reserves at the time of his capture, to sergeant and then staff sergeant as they searched for him. Three U.S. troops remain missing in the five-year-old Iraq war: Pvt. Byron W. Fouty and Spc. Alex R. Jimenez have been missing since their military convoy was raided west of Mahmoudiya May 12. Spc. Ahmed K. Altaie disappeared October 23, 2006, and his status was changed to "missing-captured" nearly two months later. The news about Maupin came Sunday as roadside bombings in northern and western Iraq killed two U.S. troops and attacks on Iraqi police and others left another 19 dead, Iraqi police and U.S. military officials reported. One roadside bombing killed a U.S. soldier north of Baghdad, and a Marine died in another bombing in the western province of Anbar, the U.S. military headquarters there reported. No details of the attacks were released. The latest attacks bring the U.S. death toll in the five-year-old war to 4,009.  E-mail to a friend . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
highlights: Staff Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin's remains were found, U.S. military says . Maupin appeared in video aired by Al-Jazeera, saying he was husband, father . His convoy came under attack near Baghdad International Airport in 2004 . The body of another convoy soldier, Sgt. Elmer Krause, was found that year .
id: 114b69f6e6ea7063037b5ad99514b296f01068cc
chatgpt: The remains of Staff Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin, who disappeared in Iraq in 2004, have been discovered, according to the US military. His convoy came under attack near Baghdad International Airport, leading to his kidnapping by militants. His capture was filmed and broadcast by Al-Jazeera, with Sgt. Maupin declaring himself as a husband and father. His case became a focus of concern for his family and the nation for years, as his whereabouts and ultimate fate were unknown. The news of his discovery brings a measure of closure to those who have been searching for him since his disappearance. Maupin's family has expressed their gratitude to those who helped in the search, including the military and the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command (JPAC), which is responsible for locating missing soldiers. “We are thankful to have Keith home. We will never forget,” the family said in a statement. Maupin's remains were found along with those of another soldier, Sgt. Elmer Krause, in the same area where Maupin had disappeared. Krause was also a member of Maupin's convoy and had been reported missing with him. The two soldiers were part of a fuel convoy that was ambushed by insurgents on April 9, 2004. Krause's body was found shortly after the attack, but Maupin's fate remained unknown for years. The discovery of Maupin's remains was the result of a tip received by the JPAC, which led to the excavation of a burial site in the Fallujah area. After six weeks of excavation, the JPAC team found the remains and identified them using dental records and DNA analysis. Maupin was originally from Batavia, Ohio, and had joined the Army Reserve while still in high school. He was deployed to Iraq in 2003, and his kidnapping occurred during his second tour of duty. Maupin had been awarded several medals and honors for his service, including the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart. Maupin's family had been tirelessly searching for him since his capture, and had even visited Iraq in 2008 in an effort to gather information about his fate. His mother, Carolyn, became an outspoken advocate for POW/MIA families and founded the Yellow Ribbon Support Center in her son's memory. The news of Maupin's discovery has been met with mixed emotions by those who knew him and his family. While there is relief that Maupin's remains have been found, there is also sadness that his life was cut short in such a tragic manner. “Keith was an American hero, and we will never forget his selfless service to our great nation,” said Ohio Governor Mike DeWine. Maupin's case served as a reminder of the sacrifices made by American service members in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the importance of supporting and remembering those who have been lost. The discovery of his remains brings closure to his family and serves as a poignant reminder of the costs of war.