article: (CNN) -- Mohammad Idrissou put Cameroon on course for a spot in the African Nations Cup quarterfinals with a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 Group D victory over Zambia. Zambia bossed the first half and went ahead inside 10 minutes through Jacob Mulenga. A terrible mistake from Zambia keeper Kennedy Mweene allowed Geremi to equalise and Samuel Eto'o gave Cameroon the lead in the 72nd minute. Christopher Katongo thought he had earned a point with an 82nd-minute penalty but Idrissou had the last word for Cameroon just four minutes later. The Indomitable Lions were looking to ignite their campaign after a shock 1-0 defeat by Gabon in their opening match, which was also a first loss for manager Paul Le Guen. But it got worse for the four-time champions in only the eighth minute, and it was experienced center-back Rigobert Song who was the architect of his own side's downfall. Felix Katongo swung in a great cross from the left and, in attempting to head behind, Song instead drew a point-blank save from his keeper. Carlos Kameni, though, could only push the ball out to Mulenga, who was left with a simple tap-in. Zambia should have doubled their lead before half-time. Rainford Kalaba's fierce free-kick was pushed back into the danger area by Kameni but Christopher Katongo could not direct his shot away from the keeper. And that was made to look very costly in the 68th minute when a calamitous mistake from Mweene saw Cameroon draw level. Geremi sent in a hopeful cross from the right wing that the Zambia keeper inexplicably helped into his own net. And the turnaround was complete four minutes later thanks to Eto'o. With Zambia appealing for handball, the striker collected Somen Tchoyi's cross and fired into the far corner. But Kameni handed Zambia a way back into the match with his own rash bit of goalkeeping, scything down Mulenga on the left edge of his penalty area to concede an 82nd-minute spot-kick, which was coolly dispatched by Christopher Katongo. There was another twist to come, though. Four minutes later, Geremi swung in a free-kick from near the halfway line and Idrissou rose above the defence to power his header into the bottom corner. Meanwhile, Gabon added a 0-0 draw with Tunisia to their opening win against Cameroon as they put themselves within touching distance of the last eight. There was little between the two sides at the Nossa Senhora do Monte and a draw was a fair result.
highlights: Mohammad Idrissou put Cameroon on course for a last eight spot in the African Nations Cup . He scores a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 Group D success over Zambia on Sunday . Meanwhile, in the other group match, Gabon and Tunisia played out a dull 0-0 draw .
id: 61f8088fad8fd2579cdb42e90d1f14abd750748e
chatgpt: Cameroon's Mohammad Idrissou has sent his team to the brink of qualification for the African Nations Cup quarter-finals. The forward scored a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 Group D success over Zambia on Sunday, in Nelspruit, South Africa. Idrissou's strike came in the 87th minute, just as Zambia were beginning to believe they could come away with a point. It was a cruel blow for the Chipolopolo, who had twice come from behind to level the match. Cameroon's opener came in the 23rd minute, when Samuel Eto'o's cross from the left wing found the feet of Achille Emana, who volleyed home from close range. Zambia hit back just five minutes later, as Isaac Chansa curled a free-kick past the Cameroon goalkeeper. Eto'o restored Cameroon's lead 10 minutes into the second half, after a defensive mix-up allowed him to steal possession and slot the ball home. But Zambia were not done yet, and equalized again in the 72nd minute through Collins Mbesuma. The game seemed to be heading towards a draw, until Idrissou's late intervention. The result puts Cameroon top of Group D, with four points from two games. They will secure a place in the last eight with a win over Gabon in their final group-stage match. Meanwhile, in the other Group D match, Gabon and Tunisia played out a dull 0-0 draw in Lubango. Both teams had chances to win the game, but neither could take advantage. Gabon came closest to scoring, with Levy Madinda hitting the post in the second half. Tunisia, on the other hand, struggled to create clear-cut chances, and will be disappointed not to have won. The result leaves both teams with two points from two games, and sets up a crucial final group-stage match between Gabon and Cameroon. Tunisia, who reached the quarter-finals in the last African Nations Cup, will need to beat Zambia in their final group game to have any chance of progressing. Overall, it was a day of mixed fortunes for Group D. Cameroon took a big step towards the quarter-finals, while Gabon and Tunisia missed the opportunity to put some daylight between themselves and the other teams in the group. The final round of matches promises to be exciting, with three teams still in with a chance of qualification.