article: Tony Pulis refuted suggestions that Saido Berahino is unhappy at West Brom after the forward refused to celebrate any of his four goals in the 7-0 demolition of Gateshead in the FA Cup. The England forward has been repeatedly linked with a move away from The Hawthorns in the January transfer window and speculation only increased on Friday when technical director Terry Burton admitted that the club had halted contract negotiations with Berahino. On Saturday, Berahino was in terrific form, producing several clinical finishes but his glum reaction to scoring the goals captured the attention. Saido Berahino looks downcast despite scoring four goals in West Brom's 7-0 defeat of Gateshead . The Baggies strikers nets his fourth goal to send his side into the FA Cup fourth round . West Brom team-mates congratulate Berahino - who did not appear in the mood for celebration . His new manager said: ‘Someone said he didn’t celebrate at all. It was lovely to see all the lads go over when we scored a goal as that showed the unity that we’ll need. You should see him in the dressing room, he’s happy in there.’ Pulis insists that despite reported interest from Liverpool and Tottenham, West Brom are still to receive an offer for the striker: ‘I hope he keeps reading the headlines if he scores four every week. There is always going to be transfer speculation and you can see why. ‘He has great pace, great balance and scores goals. But when I came in here the chairman had not received any offer for him and we will try our damnedest to try and improve him.’ New manager Tony Pulis insists Berahino is content, despite being linked with a January move . James Morrison (above), Victor Anichebe and Chris Brunt were also on the scoresheet for the Baggies . Pulis, for his part, can reflect on a successful first match in charge. Victor Anichebe, Chris Brunt and James Morrison added to Berahino’s four to add some gloss to the scoreline but West Brom made a dire start to the match and took 42 minutes to break through. Pulis admits that he felt compelled to swap the director’s box for the dugout on the quarter-hour mark after his side made a sluggish start to the match. He said: ‘I had no intentions of going down. It took me only 15 minutes! We started very apprehensive and they shouldn’t be like that but they were against West Ham too, especially in the final third. They have to eradicate that and play with confidence and belief.’
highlights: West Brom defeated Gateshead 7-0 in the FA Cup third round . Baggies striker Saido Berahino scored four goals but did not celebrate . Tony Pulis insists the forward is happy despite being linked with a January move to Liverpool or Tottenham .
id: 95589dc688419c3e84ef495e6226a92e6723ba14
chatgpt: West Bromwich Albion thrashed Gateshead 7-0 in the third round of the FA Cup on Saturday. The Baggies dominated from the start with striker Saido Berahino scoring a hat-trick in the first half. Berahino went on to score one more goal but chose not to celebrate any of them. Despite being linked with a move away from the Hawthorns, Berahino appeared to be happy playing for Tony Pulis' team. Pulis told the media that Berahino was in a good place and that he remains an important part of the team. "It's difficult for him because there's a lot of speculation about him but he's a good kid and he gets on with his work," said Pulis. "He's happy at West Brom, he just wants to play football and score goals." Berahino's performance in the FA Cup has put added pressure on West Brom as Liverpool and Tottenham, who were reportedly interested in signing him in January, are now taking notice of him. However, Pulis is not letting the speculations get to him and is confident that his player will remain with the club. "Yeah, we'll be in for another six weeks of speculation and rumour, but he's a West Brom player and we are looking to strengthen the team not weaken it," he said. Apart from Berahino's four goals, James Morrison, Craig Dawson and Stephane Sessegnon also contributed to the victory, scoring one goal each. Gateshead had no answer to the Baggies' attacking prowess and were unable to find the net themselves. With this emphatic victory, West Brom have progressed to the fourth round of the FA Cup and Pulis is hoping that his team can continue their winning streak. "We're pleased with today's result and hopefully we can carry that into our next game. We'll take each match as it comes and try to play to our best ability," he added. As for Berahino, his performance in the FA Cup has once again shown that he is a talented player and one that many clubs would like to have in their team. However, it remains to be seen whether West Brom will be willing to let go of their star striker.