article: Murrieta, California (CNN) -- The busloads of detained immigrants never arrived. For that, six protesters and counterprotesters got themselves arrested, Murrieta police said. Almost all day Friday, two factions of demonstrators endured a hot July 4th holiday verbally sparring over an anticipated convoy of buses carrying detained immigrants who are a part of a surge in illegal border crossings. Instead, the migrants were rerouted for processing at the federal San Ysidro facility in San Diego, reported the Los Angeles Times, citing a law enforcement source. The migrants had been expected to be processed at Murrieta's U.S. Border Patrol station, 75 miles north of the Mexican border, but federal officials declined Saturday to say where the buses took the migrants. Friday's angry protests was the second public outrcy of the week in the small southern California town of Murrieta, becoming the nation's newest flashpoint in its immigration crisis. The first protests occurred Tuesday after the city and Mayor Alan Long posted on the city's website a notice stating that "Murrieta Opposes Illegal Immigrant Arrival." Long said in a website statement that Murrieta "continues to object to the transfer of illegal immigrants to the local border patrol office," and he blamed the nation's immigration woes on "a failure to enforce federal law at the federal level." At Tuesday's protest, a group of protesters overwhelmed law officers and successfully prevented three busloads of detained Central Americans from entering Murrieta. The migrants were instead sent to the San Ysidro site in San Diego, said an official with the National Border Patrol Council, the union for border agents. Tuesday marked the first day of a federal initiative to transfer 140 migrants every 72 hours for processing in Murrieta. Federal officials initially sought to send 500 detained immigrants every 72 hours for processing in Murrieta, but city officials opposed that, the mayor said. The migrants rejected by Murrieta protesters initially had been held in Texas, where U.S. facilities are overflowing, forcing detainees to be sent to other states for processing. A recent tide of Central Americans illegally entering the United States has overwhelmed a federal immigration system already buckling under the weight of the nation's estimated 11 million undocumented migrants. Unlike undocumented Mexican migrants, who are often immediately deported, the United States detains and processes Central Americans, who are eventually released and given a month to report to immigration offices. Many never show up and join the undocumented population, according to the National Border Patrol Council. More protests as town expects new immigrant transfers . 5 things Obama can and can't do on immigration . Little-known law allows abused immigrant children to say in the U.S. CNN's Chuck Conder and Kyung Lah reported from Murrieta. CNN's Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles.
highlights: Federal buses carrying migrant don't show up in a California town . Six protesters and counterprotesters were arrested . Friday's demonstration focused on expected busing of detained migrants . The buses were rerouted to San Diego, newspaper reports .
id: 512e4d43e3a7bc5bd1ac691e35860ea0764bb234
chatgpt: On Friday, a planned protest involving the busing of detained migrants to a small California town was met with tension as six protesters and counterprotesters were arrested. According to reports, the buses did not arrive in the town as expected and were instead rerouted to San Diego. The protest had originally been planned in response to rumors that federal buses filled with detained migrants were going to be transported to the small town of Murrieta, located in southern California. Despite federal officials dismissing the rumors, protesters and counterprotesters still came to the town on Friday to express their views. Amidst the demonstrations, six arrests were made as tensions rose between the two sides. Although no further details have been released regarding the arrests, reports suggest that they were made due to disturbances caused by both sides of the protest. While it remains unclear as to why the buses were redirected to San Diego, it is believed that the change in transportation was a result of the expected demonstrations in Murrieta. The town has been a hotbed of controversy following reports that officials were considering using a local border patrol station as a processing center for migrant families. However, according to a statement from the Department of Homeland Security, many of the families who had been detained at the border have already been released and given court dates to attend. The department stated that "the Murrieta Border Patrol Station is not being used as a detention facility and no other detainees or migrants are scheduled to be transferred to Murrieta." Despite these statements, emotions ran high at the protest on Friday, with both sides of the debate expressing their views strongly. Some protestors were seen holding signs reading, "Send them back" while others shouted chants of, "Let them in." One counterprotester, who declined to give their name, said, "I'm here because I believe that immigrants should have the right to come to this country and work, but they should do so legally. We can't just allow everyone to cross the border illegally." Meanwhile, a protester named Maria Sanchez said, "We need to show compassion to these families who are fleeing violence and seeking a better life. We should be welcoming them, not turning them away." With tensions high and emotions running strong, it remains unclear whether federal buses carrying migrant families will eventually make their way to Murrieta. However, the events of Friday serve as a reminder of the deep divides that exist in the U.S. when it comes to issues surrounding immigration and border control.