article: European industrialists are sounding the alarm over a growing skills shortage on the continent that threatens their competitiveness and leaves manufacturing companies scrambling to find enough engineers. Chief executives of some of Europe's biggest manufacturers said that problems around youth unemployment, demographics and the education system all mean that engineers could be increasingly difficult to find in the future. This would force their companies to move more research and development facilities to countries with a greater supply of engineers, such as China or India. "By 2025, we might need 500,000 engineers," said Olof Persson, chief executive, of Volvo Group, the world's second-biggest truckmaker. Peter Löscher, chief executive of Siemens, Europe's largest engineering group, said "the skills shortage, particularly in Germany, is a big issue. We have to ensure that our education system is providing the right engineering skills, that we have qualified immigration coming to Europe . . . And perhaps the biggest issue that European industry has to grapple with is that we have almost 24 per cent youth unemployment." Their warnings come as the Financial Times starts a four-day series into how European manufacturing has fared in the eurozone crisis and the challenges it faces in the future. Many of Europe's leading industrialists laid out an array of problems facing the continent's manufacturers, from more expensive energy compared with US competitors to the lack of financing, especially in countries such as Italy and Spain for small companies. "We are losing a lot of small companies that support medium-sized business like ours due to financing problems," said Flavio Radice, chief executive of Pietro Carnaghi, an Italian company that is the world's largest maker of vertical lathes. Industrial production in the EU remains more than 10 per cent below its pre-crisis peak from 2008, while manufacturing companies have shed 3.4m of the 35.4m workers they had at the same time. But some manufacturing company executives also argued that European industry was holding its own against both the old-world competition from the US and Japan and newer rivals from China or India. "Let's stop being pessimistic. Yes, we have to face a moment of crisis and a moment of restructuring in many countries but companies are continuing to develop. Europe stands for high quality and keeps on innovating even more," said Jean-Pascal Tricoire, chief executive of France's Schneider Electric. Nonetheless, business leaders are worried about the skills of Europe's newly educated workers compared with estimates of at least 400,000 and 100,000 engineers graduating each year from China and India respectively. Germany alone currently lacks 70,000 engineers, according to the VDI, the association of German engineers. Mr Persson said that other issues such as the availability of energy and regulation were important but meant little without skilled workers. "If you don't have a good, transparent, motivating education and innovation system, then the other things are very difficult to achieve," he added.
highlights: European industrialists warn a growing skills shortage threatens their competitiveness . Some of Europe's biggest manufacturers said engineers could be increasingly difficult to find in the future . Germany currently lacks 70,000 engineers, according to the VDI .
id: eb0f44ab3c26ef3a52977feec445c913b9956a9b
chatgpt: In a startling revelation, some of Europe's most prominent industrialists have issued a warning regarding the growing shortage of skilled labor in the region. According to their statement, the shortage could seriously undermine the region's competitiveness in the global market. Speaking on behalf of many of the largest manufacturers in Europe, they revealed their concerns that the supply of skilled engineers will not be sufficient to meet future demands. This could lead to a serious talent drain that may result in a shortfall of qualified workers which, in turn, could affect companies' ability to stay competitive. One of the most worrying aspects of this forecast is that it's not limited to a specific country or region. In fact, this emerging problem seems to be affecting most industrialized nations across the continent. According to the VDI (Association of German Engineers), Germany alone could be facing a shortfall of as many as 70,000 engineers. The fact that the problem appears to be widespread also highlights the potential impact it could have on the economy as a whole. As the major nations of Europe battle it out for economic supremacy, any shortcomings in the workforce could be a deciding factor in who comes out on top. The reason for the growing shortage is not entirely clear, but it's thought to be a combination of factors. One potential cause is the evolving nature of the manufacturing industry itself. As companies move towards more sophisticated and cutting-edge technologies, the need for highly-skilled workers is more pressing. Another possible cause is simply a lack of interest in pursuing engineering as a career. In recent years, there has been an increasing emphasis placed on other fields, such as IT and finance. For many young people, these areas offer more lucrative and attractive career prospects. Despite the gloomy outlook, however, there are signs that some of Europe's manufacturers are taking the issue seriously. Many companies are launching initiatives designed to attract and retain a new generation of skilled engineers. These are aimed at raising awareness of the opportunities available in the industry and showcasing the benefits of working in manufacturing. Other companies are investing heavily in training and development programs. These are designed to upskill current employees and ensure they have the knowledge and expertise to work with the latest technologies. In some cases, these initiatives also include the provision of affordable or free training courses to attract new talent to the industry. So, while the skills shortage remains a concerning issue, it's clear that many of Europe's industrialists are taking proactive steps to address the problem. Through a combination of education, training, and investment, it's hoped that the region's competitiveness in the global market can be maintained. With so much at stake, the need to act quickly and decisively has never been more critical.