article: (CNN) -- If you're going to photograph Olivia Wilde, she's going to make sure you get the full picture. So, in the September issue of Glamour magazine, that meant getting in a breast-feeding photo as well. The 30-year-old actress attended the shoot with her infant son, Otis, whom she welcomed with fiance Jason Sudeikis in April. In one image, she feeds her firstborn in a diner while wearing a Roberto Cavalli gown -- which, OK, isn't exactly how she does it at home. Olivia Wilde, Jason Sudeikis welcome baby boy . "Being shot with Otis is so perfect because any portrait of me right now isn't complete without my identity as a mother being a part of that," Wilde explained. "Breast-feeding is the most natural thing. I don't know, now it feels like Otis should always be on my breast." To Wilde, the photograph depicts "that multifaceted woman" that "we know we can be," she went on. "You can be someone who is at once maternal and professional and sexy and self-possessed," Wilde said. "(But) I mean, I certainly don't really look like that when I'm (typically) breast-feeding. And there's usually a diaper involved." After the pictures were shared online, Wilde joked via Twitter that "Otis ordered milkshakes. Luckily I had some on me. Then he peed on my dress. Good kid. #boobfood #whennaturecalls." She also thanked Glamour for "knowing there's nothing indecent about feeding a hungry baby." As far as her relationship with Otis' dad, actor and "Saturday Night Live" alum Sudeikis, Wilde sounds just as content as she looks in her photo. "We're engaged, but no specific plans yet," Wilde said. "We just have to find the time to put it together. In many ways, a child is more of a commitment. We are fully committed and really happy as a family. And there's no definition of the 'normal family' anymore. Kids today are growing up with so many different definitions of family. I guess what I'm saying is that I don't feel any pressure to do it. But I think it will be really fun."
highlights: Olivia Wilde poses for Glamour magazine with her infant son, Otis . One image depicts the actress breast-feeding . She jokes that Otis "ordered milkshakes" during the shoot .
id: 6ecd392fdc8ff85ff7d45f46b0d4ff0f08288075
chatgpt: Actress and director Olivia Wilde has posed for Glamour magazine in a photoshoot that has caused quite a stir. The pictures feature Wilde with her infant son, Otis, and one image shows the actress breast-feeding the baby. The photoshoot, which was styled by fashion editor Jillian Davison and photographed by Patrick Demarchelier, has been praised by many for its natural and intimate portrayal of motherhood. However, it has also sparked controversy, with some criticizing the decision to feature breast-feeding in a fashion magazine. Speaking to Glamour about the shoot, Wilde said that she was thrilled to be able to share the experience with her son. "Being able to breast-feed is one of the great joys of motherhood," she said. "It's a beautiful, natural thing, and I'm so grateful that I can do it." Wilde also joked about Otis's involvement in the shoot, revealing that he had been a very active participant. "He was just ordering milkshakes the whole time," she quipped. "He's a bit of a diva already." Despite the controversy surrounding the breast-feeding image, the photoshoot has generally been praised for its celebration of motherhood. In addition to the breast-feeding picture, the shoot includes several other adorable shots of Wilde and Otis cuddling and playing together. The actress, who is known for her roles in films such as Tron: Legacy and Rush, has become a vocal advocate for mothers since becoming a parent herself. In a recent interview with People magazine, Wilde discussed the challenges of balancing motherhood with her career as an actress and director. "It's definitely a juggling act," she said. "But I think it's important to promote the idea that women can be both great mothers and successful professionals." Wilde's Glamour photoshoot is just the latest example of her efforts to support and empower mothers. The photos have already sparked widespread discussion and debate, but ultimately they serve as a powerful reminder of the beauty and joy of motherhood.