article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 17:10 EST, 28 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:12 EST, 28 December 2013 . A 14-year-old girl noticed something fishy when opening a Christmas present she thought was the Beats By Dre Headphones she had on her 'wish list'. Wrapped inside the packaging was not headphones, rather it was cans of Chicken of the Sea Chunk Light tuna. Carmen Lopez, 14, of Bothell, Washington tried returning her disappointing gift to Walmart in exchange for actual headphones but Walmart only offered to give her a refund. The refund wouldn't even be equal to the retail price of the headphones since they were purchased on Black Friday on sale, reported Yahoo News. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Out of tuna: these cans of tuna most certainly don't play any music . Carmen Lopez tried to get Walmart to exchange the tuna for headphones but they only gave her a refund not equal to the retail price of the headphones . 'WalMart had said they would only give us a refund, at least the store did which didn’t sound right, because I just really want my headphones at this point. Because I was really looking forward to them, ' Carmen told KCPQ Q13 Fox News. Carmen's father Steve told Fox that he ordered the headphones online during a mega Black Friday sale at Walmart. 'This is what I picked up here and it was wrapped in plastic. So I thought they were legit,' her father told Fox. To add to the irony of the situation, Carmen's little sister is allergic to tuna fish, reported The Examiner. Even though Walmart didn't give Carmen her headphones, the gobal account manager of sales for Beats by Dre did. 'Last night my father and I were watching the news and saw the unfortunate gift fiasco,' Lindsay Merkle said. Her father Steve bought the headphones online for Walmart's Black Friday sale . 'So we said, ‘OK, let’s solve this problem today.’ Lindsay decided to make it up to Carmen by giving her a pair of headphones for free. 'I can only imagine what was going through [Carmen's] head,' Merkle said. 'So hopefully this will help her be a little bit happier and get something that she was actually looking forward to on Christmas.' The Mail Online tried contacting Walmart who was not available for comment. The Examiner speculates that a Walmart employee may have stolen the headphones and replaced them with something of equal weight--definitely not value. There is nowhere on the headphone's packaging that would suggest a relationship to tuna fish . Lindsay Merkle who works for Dre Headphones made sure that Carmen got a pair for free .
highlights: Carmen Lopez, 14, was shocked to find that inside the packing of her Christmas gift was Chicken of the Sea Chunk Light Tuna . When Carmen tried returning the gift to the store, Walmart didn't give her headphones they only gave her a refund . Her father Steve Lopez bought the headphones during a Black Friday sale, so the refund didn't even come out to the amount of the headphones at retail price . Carmen's little sister is allergic to tuna . Even though Walmart didn't give Carmen her headphones, the gobal account manager of sales for Beats by Dre, Lindsay Merkle, gave her a pair for free .
id: 3c1024f7732bb0ea15fdbc2e4c95aaaa7f94e446
chatgpt: A teenager's Christmas present turned out to be quite the surprise for her and her family. Carmen Lopez, 14, received a gift from her father, Steve Lopez, during the holiday season. However, upon opening the gift, Carmen was shocked to find that there was a can of Chicken of the Sea Chunk Light Tuna inside the gift's packaging. Carmen immediately tried to return the gift to Walmart, where her father had purchased it during a Black Friday sale. However, much to her disappointment, Walmart only offered her a refund instead of the replacement headphones which her father had bought her as a gift. The amount of the refund wasn't even close to the retail price of the headphones. While the refund from Walmart helped, there was a bigger problem at hand as Carmen's little sister was allergic to tuna. So having tuna in the house was not an option. The Lopez family was now out of the headphones and also had no use for the tuna. Thankfully, the story didn't end there. After hearing about Carmen's ordeal, the global account manager of sales for Beats by Dre, Lindsay Merkle, reached out to the family and offered to send them a pair of headphones as a gesture of goodwill. The Lopez family was overjoyed with this unexpected surprise and grateful for the generous gift. Carmen's story quickly gained attention on social media and many people applauded Lindsay Merkle and the Beats by Dre team for their kind act. It's not every day that such kindness is extended to someone in need, and Carmen and her family were lucky to receive it. In conclusion, while the situation with the Christmas present may have been somewhat disappointing for Carmen and her family, it goes to show that good things can happen when people come together to help each other out. The story of the Lopez family and their unexpected gift is a reminder that there is still kindness in the world, and that when people unite to uplift and help each other, beautiful things can happen.