article: Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe on Tuesday fired his deputy Joice Mujuru, a few hours after she dismissed allegations that she'd plotted to assassinate the 90-year-old Zimbabwean leader as "ridiculous." Mugabe also fired eight Cabinet ministers, Zimbabwe's Chief Secretary to the Cabinet Misheck Sibanda said in a statement. Sibanda said Mugabe had dismissed his vice president "because her conduct had become inconsistent with her official duties." The firing of Mujuru -- long expected to replace Mugabe -- came after she issued a statement dismissing claims by Mugabe that she plotted with the opposition and the West to kill him as not having "one iota of evidence." Of the eight sacked ministers, including a junior minister, Sibanda said: "It had become apparent that their conduct and performance were below the expected conduct." 'Plotting to kill' The political upheaval erupted last week when Mugabe accused Mujuru of trying to topple him and of being a "thief" of minerals. "Wanting a post should not lead someone into plotting to kill," he said in reference to Mujuru, while opening his ruling Zanu PF party's congress in the capital, Harare. A day earlier, he told his party's central committee that Mujuru, a Zanu PF member, was working with the West to oust or assassinate him. Mujuru was seen as the likely successor to Mugabe until recently, when first lady Grace Mugabe accused her of being "too dull" and "too corrupt" to lead. Analysts now say the first lady is being groomed to succeed her husband, the only leader Zimbabweans have known since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980. On Saturday, she was confirmed as the leader of the powerful women's wing of Zanu PF. Mugabe: 'I still have the will' At the same time, Mugabe has ruled out leaving politics, despite his advanced age. "I still have a bright mind, I still have the will," Mugabe said as he officially closed his party's five-day congress late Saturday, in a speech that lasted about an hour. He said he would announce a new lineup of Zanu PF leaders by this Thursday. "We will do a reshuffle. There will be disappointments. Those who are not here have said goodbye to us," he said, referring to Mujuru and her allies, who have been snubbing most party leadership meetings since the public attacks against her. Under the new constitution of Zanu PF, Mugabe handpicks the entire leadership of his party.
highlights: Robert Mugabe fires his deputy, days after accusing her of plotting to kill him . Vice President Joice Mujuru dismisses the allegations against her . Mugabe has also fired eight Cabinet ministers, a government official says . Mujuru was seen as a Mugabe successor, but his wife is now gaining political power .
id: fda5176615bf9ed4b01a5500651d0e15e5c20c07
chatgpt: In a move that could further widen rifts within Zimbabwe's ruling party, President Robert Mugabe has fired his longtime deputy, Joice Mujuru, accusing her of plotting to kill him. Just days ago, Mugabe publicly accused Mujuru of trying to overthrow his government, and now she has been dismissed from her key role. Following Mujuru's dismissal, Mugabe also sacked eight Cabinet ministers, according to a government official. Mujuru has always been seen as a favorite to take over from the 90-year-old Mugabe, who has been in power since Zimbabwe gained independence from Britain in 1980. Her departure comes just a few weeks before the ruling ZANU-PF party holds its annual congress, where the party leadership is expected to face a major overhaul. Despite the allegations against her, Mujuru has strongly denied any involvement in plots against Mugabe's regime. She was quoted as saying that she is "shocked" by the accusations, and added that Mugabe's claims against her are simply fabricated lies. Mujuru's removal now leaves Mugabe's wife, Grace Mugabe, in a position of power. Earlier this year, she was chosen to head the ruling party's women's league, and has become increasingly involved in politics. Many believe that she could be gunning for a top position in Zimbabwe's government, and that she is using her influence to push Mujuru out. The move against Mujuru comes amid tensions between Mugabe's inner circle, and a rival faction led by Mujuru. The two factions have been jostling for control of the ruling party for months, and the president's latest move is seen as an attempt to consolidate power. Critics of Mugabe's government, however, see the removal of Mujuru as an attempt to stifle opposition within Zimbabwe. They accuse the president of using any means necessary to maintain his grip on power, including manipulating the legal system and resorting to violence against his opponents. Regardless of the motives behind the moves, many Zimbabweans are concerned that the country's political stability could be at risk. Despite being rich in natural resources such as diamonds, gold, and platinum, Zimbabwe has been crippled by years of economic mismanagement and political turmoil. The country's citizens are hoping for a change in leadership that will bring stability, progress, and prosperity to the nation.