article: (CNN) -- There's some work to be done to get United States airports on par with their global competitors. This is according to President Obama, who highlighted poor U.S. airport rankings during a press conference Tuesday. "Just one interesting statistic when it comes to airports. There was a recent survey of the top airports in the country -- in the world -- and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25. Not one -- not one U.S. airport was considered by the experts and consumers who use these airports to be in the top 25 in the world. I think Cincinnati airport came in around 30th," Obama said as he addressed questions about the contentious debate over forced government budget cuts and the recent Federal Aviation Administration furloughs. Politics aside, the president is correct that Cincinnati's airport was ranked 30th on a recent list of the world's top 100 airports. Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport was the first U.S. airport to appear on the list, released earlier this month as part of the Skytrax World Airport Awards. And the world's best airport is ... Singapore Changi Airport took the No. 1 spot, followed by Incheon International Airport in Seoul. Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport ranked third. Of the top 10 airports, five were in Asia and four were in Europe. Vancouver International Airport, ranked No. 8, was the only North American airport to make the top 10. 17 U.S. airports made the top 100: . No. 30: Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport . No. 36: Denver International Airport . No. 40: San Francisco International Airport . No. 48: Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport . No. 54: Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport . No. 62: Seattle-Tacoma International Airport . No. 63: New York JFK International Airport . No. 71: Minneapolis-St Paul International Airport . No. 79: Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport . No. 80: Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport . No. 84: Chicago O'Hare International Airport . No. 86: Raleigh-Durham International Airport . No. 87: Charlotte/Douglas International Airport . No. 88: Boston Logan International Airport . No. 93: Newark Liberty International Airport . No. 94: Salt Lake City International Airport . No. 97: Pittsburgh International Airport . Check in: World's best airport hotels . Skytrax's World Airport Awards are based on 12.1 million survey questionnaires filled out by passengers covering 108 different nationalities and 395 airports worldwide during a nine-month survey period in 2012 and 2013. The survey asked travelers about departures, arrivals and airport transit and includes questions about terminal amenities, comfort and cleanliness, security, staffing and other elements of the airport experience. What do you think? Are U.S. airports underrated or in need of improvement? Which airports need the most work? What specifically needs addressing?
highlights: President Obama called out poor U.S. airport rankings at a press conference Tuesday . U.S. airports didn't rate among the top 25 world airports in a recent global survey . Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport ranked 30th .
id: d619dca44b8e9ba687f553bc02b43f652841242a
chatgpt: President Obama criticized the poor rankings of U.S. airports in the global survey at a press conference held on Tuesday. The recently conducted survey did not feature any U.S. airports in the top 25 positions, highlighting the need for a significant improvement in services offered by international airports in the country. Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport was the only U.S. airport to make it to the list, securing the 30th position. Whereas, Singapore's Changi airport emerged as the leader, followed by Tokyo's Haneda and South Korea's Incheon airports. The President lamented that America, being the world's largest economy, was lacking behind in providing top-notch airport services. He said, "It used to be that U.S. airports were the best in the world. Nowadays, we're not even in the top 25. We've got to fix that."  Obama's critical remarks sparked a debate on the reasons and solutions for the poor ranking of U.S. airports. Experts say aging infrastructure, outdated technology, and inadequate funding are the main reasons behind the decline in services.  According to Airport Council International (ACI) report, airports in Asia and the Middle East are expanding at a faster pace by investing in advanced technology and amenities that enhance customer experience. In contrast, U.S. airports are grappling with outdated airports, long security lines, and overcrowding. The President's call for action highlighted the need for airports to provide a more efficient and comfortable experience for travelers. There is growing recognition among industry experts that airports need to invest in modern technology and amenities to improve passenger experience, streamline security checks, and reduce wait times during peak hours. In response to the President's criticism, some U.S. airports have started to invest in upgrades and renovations. Dallas Fort Worth International Airport announced a renovation plan worth $3.5 billion to provide state-of-the-art facilities like an automated bus system and a new terminal layout. Similarly, Atlanta International Airport has announced the adoption of biometric technology to reduce wait times during security checks. However, despite some airport renovations and upgrades, the U.S. continues to lag behind other countries when it comes to airport rankings. Experts say that immediate implementation of technology and infrastructure upgrades along with increased funding is needed to improve U.S. airports' performance. In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, the need for efficient and modern airports has become even more critical. Experts suggest that upgrades such as contactless check-ins, automated security checks, and enhanced sanitation facilities, among others, would be instrumental in improving the safety and overall airport experience for travelers. To sum it up, President Obama's criticism of the poor ranking of U.S. airports in the global survey has brought to light the critical need for upgrading the country's airports. The adoption of modern technology, investment in infrastructure, and increased funding are necessary steps to take to improve U.S. airports' position in the global rankings.