article: A smuggler  tried to sneak 94 iPhones into China by strapping and concealing them around his torso - but was foiled when customs officers noticed his 'weird walking posture'. Embarrassing pictures show the man standing with his trousers down as officers reveal the startling number of mobiles attached to his body. He was seized at Futian Port, an immigration port of entry on the border between mainland China and Hong Kong. Foiled: A smuggler was caught trying to sneak 94 iPhones into China by strapping and concealing them around his torso . Customs officers grew suspicious after seeing a male passenger with 'weird walking posture, joint stiffness and muscle tension', reports the Huffington Post. Smuggling under Hong Kong law, where this man was said to be caught, can warrant a seven-year prison sentence and a fine as high as  $2m (£171,000). According to the report, so-called 'mobile armor' is a fairly common tactic for phone smugglers. All of Apple's iPhones are actually made in China under contract before being shipped to countries around the world -but purchasing one in the country can be a challenge. Not long ago, the only way to do so was through the black market. Recently, deals can be agreed to with legitimate providers such as China Mobile but supplies of the latest models are usually limited. Cluee: He was foiled when suspicious customs officers noticed his 'weird walking posture' And contracts and handsets are expensive compared to the devices made by Chinese manufacturers. According to the FT, an unlocked 16GB iPhone 6 is around £577. At around 18 per cent of the annual salary in China, it's a costly buy. As a result, buying new or second-hand handsets outside China and smuggling them into the country can be a lucrative business. Most of the devices in the pictures appear to be the iPhone 5S but there are also some iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in view. The smuggler was seized at Futian Port, an immigration port of entry on the border between mainland China and Hong Kong .
highlights: Embarrassing set of photos capture caught smuggler with trousers down . Seized at Futian Port, immigration point between China and Hong Kong . Despite being made in China, iPhones difficult and expensive to buy there . Smuggling in handsets from abroad is therefore a lucrative business .
id: 2910a5174031dbc961b98ee0d83392c37cfd56f3
chatgpt: Photos recently released by the Chinese authorities have captured a smuggler in a highly embarrassing situation. Caught at the Futian Port immigration point, which lies between China and Hong Kong, the unnamed smuggler was caught with his trousers down - both literally and metaphorically. The individual had been attempting to smuggle iPhones into China, where they are notoriously difficult and expensive to purchase. Despite being manufactured in China, iPhones are in high demand and often command prices far above the norm on the black market. As a result, smuggling operations between China and Hong Kong are reported to be highly lucrative. In the case of the captured smuggler, his unsuccessful attempt to ply his trade led to his downfall. Customs officials, who were monitoring passenger movements, became suspicious of the man's unusual behavior and requested that he undergo a physical inspection. It was here that the embarrassing photos were taken, clearly showing the individual in a highly compromising position. With iPhones spilling out of his underwear, it was clear that his smuggling operation had been uncovered. This is not an isolated case. The problem of iPhone smuggling is a growing concern for Chinese authorities. In June 2020, 29 individuals were arrested for attempting to smuggle in a total of 70,000 iPhones. The suspects, who had been hiding the phones in their luggage, were attempting to evade taxes and turn a substantial profit in the process. The Chinese government is taking steps to combat the problem. In addition to increased customs monitoring, a new law came into effect in December 2019 which requires those entering or leaving China to declare any mobile devices they are carrying. Failure to do so can result in hefty fines. For legitimate consumers in China, however, the difficulties surrounding iPhone ownership persist. The high cost of the devices, combined with the government's strict regulation of the mobile phone market, has left many citizens struggling to access the latest technology. In the meantime, it remains to be seen whether the latest batch of embarrassing photos will have any deterrent effect on would-be smugglers. But for the individual caught at Futian Port, it was certainly a painful reminder that crime doesn't always pay.