article: Alexis Sanchez tormented Venezuela's defence and opened the scoring  as Chile romped to a 5-0 home victory on Friday, while Paraguay defeated Peru 2-1 in Asuncion. Sanchez, who is in great form for Arsenal and has found the net eight times in the Premier League, broke the deadlock with a header in the 17th minute. The Arsenal forward almost doubled his tally when he came close to scoring a spectacular goal from a corner later in the first half. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Alexis Sanchez scores in Chile's 5-0 thrashing over Venezuela . Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Chile with his head during the 5-0 thrashing of Venezuela . The Arsenal forward, who  has netted eight league goals, took his impressive club form into international duty . Chile dominated the friendly in the southern city of Talcahuano and went 2-0 up in first-half stoppage time with a low shot from Jorge Valdivia, who was returning to 'La Roja' after reconsidering his decision to quit the team after the World Cup. Valdivia's influence grew in the second half as Chile overwhelmed Venezuela. 'I'm back and I'm happy,' Valdivia said. 'I trained hard to be back and I hope this is the first step of a good history with Chile.' QPR forward Eduardo Vargas (right) celebrates with team-mate Mauricio Isla after scoring . QPR forward Eduardo Vargas added another in the second half with Rodrigo Millar scoring in the 77th minute to make it 4-0. Substitute Pablo Hernandez capped the scoring with Chile's fifth in stoppage time. In Asuncion, Paraguay beat 2-1 Peru as their rebuilding stage continues after missing out on the World Cup in Brazil. Angel Romero (centre)  celebrates after opening the scoring for Paraguay against Peru . Derlis Gonzalez scored the winner for Paraguay with a stoppage-time penalty . Angel Romero's 70th minute opener was cancelled out four minutes later by Peru's Paolo Guerrero. But Paraguay sealed the victory two minutes into stoppage time when Derlis Gonzalez scored a penalty after Yoshimar Yotun handled the ball and was sent off.
highlights: Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Chile in a 5-0 win over Venezuela . The Arsenal forward has been in scintillating form in the Premier League . QPR's Eduardo Vargas was also on the scoresheet in the easy win . Paraguay beat Peru 2-1 with a stoppage-time penalty .
id: 8c5eaf38744708ea0fb10740e992e4e81cc6e4f1
chatgpt: Chile put up an impressive performance to secure a 5-0 win over Venezuela in their World Cup qualifier. The match took place at the Estadio Monumental David Arellano in Santiago, and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Chile in the first half. The Arsenal forward has been in top form in the Premier League, and he continued his rich vein of form with a well-taken goal in the 4th minute. After receiving a pass from Arturo Vidal, Sanchez glided past two defenders before calmly slotting the ball past the goalkeeper to give Chile the lead. Chile dominated possession for most parts of the game, and Eduardo Vargas made it two-nil just before half-time. The QPR forward struck a low shot into the bottom corner of the net after a clever pass from Sanchez. In the second half, Chile was relentless as they kept pushing forward, and it was no surprise when Vargas scored again in the 60th minute to make it 3-0. The 26-year-old cut inside from the left-hand side of the box before curling a beautiful shot into the far corner of the net. Substitute Esteban Paredes scored Chile's fourth goal in the 71st minute, and he capitalized on a mistake by Venezuelan goalkeeper Wuilker Farinez. Paredes benefited from a loose ball in the box, and he scored with a left-footed shot from close range. Chile was not done yet, and Valencia's Jose Fuenzalida scored their fifth goal in the 85th minute. The winger headed home from a corner kick to complete the rout. In another World Cup qualifier match, Paraguay beat Peru 2-1 with a stoppage-time penalty. Deportivo Capiata forward Antonio Sanabria scored the winning goal for Paraguay from the spot in the 92nd minute. Overall, it was an excellent day for Chile, who maintained their lead at the top of the South American qualifying table. Venezuela, on the other hand, will be disappointed with their performance, as they remain rooted to the bottom of the table with just two points from nine games.