article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 19:59 EST, 3 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:49 EST, 4 August 2013 . The Duke of Edinburgh has announced his first official engagement - nearly two months since he was last seen in public. Philip, 92, will travel to Edinburgh on Monday August 12, where he will hand out medals at the Royal Society of Edinburgh, Buckingham Palace said. The Duke was first admitted to the London Clinic on June 6. A pre-arranged operation was carried out the next day and followed abdominal investigations. Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, leaves the London Clinic in central London, 11 days after he was admitted for exploratory abdominal surgery in June. He has not been seen in public since . He was discharged from the London Clinic 11 days later, when he was said to be in 'good condition and good spirits' and has been recuperating since then. At the time, Buckingham Palace said he planned to take a period of convalescence of around two months. Philip has been an honorary fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh since 1951 - one of his oldest patronages - and has presented Royal Medals several times previously, as well as being involved in other engagements in the past. A source said Philip was 'continuing to make good progress' He will present medals to Professor Sir John Cadogan, the former director of research at BP and President of the Learned Society of Wales, Professor Michael Ferguson, Dean of Research for the College of Life Sciences at The University of Dundee and businessman Sir Ian Wood, former chairman of Wood Group Plc. Afterwards he will go to Balmoral, the Queen's private estate in the Scottish highlands. where he is expected to stay until October before returning to London. Philip was last seen in public on June 17 when he walked out of the hospital in central London and was driven to Windsor Castle. A source said Philip was 'continuing to make good progress' and wanted to carry out the engagement in Edinburgh as he had been committed to it for a long time.
highlights: Duke was last seen in public on June 17 after operation . He will present medals to Royal Society of Edinburgh . A source said the royal is 'making good progress'
id: 75412e1942855df326212b876915c76bae89f138
chatgpt: Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, has made his first public appearance since undergoing a planned surgery on 17th June. The Duke, who recently marked his 99th birthday, presented medals to the Royal Society of Edinburgh, an accolade he has held as a Fellow since 1951. The ceremony was held in his capacity as Patron of the Society and took place on 24th June at Windsor Castle.  Sources close to the Palace have stated that the Duke is “making good progress” after his surgery, which was conducted to treat a pre-existing health condition. Medical professionals attending to the Duke confirmed that the operation was successful and that he was recovering well. His appearance at the ceremony was much-awaited as the Duke has been absent from public life since March, following the outbreak of Covid-19.  The Duke previously retired from public life in 2017, and since then has limited his appearances. However, he is known to keep himself actively engaged with a variety of projects, and last year he marked his 70th year as a member of the Royal Family. Reports suggest that the Duke had been eager to return to public life and that it was important for him to fulfil his duties as Patron of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.  The Royal Society of Edinburgh, founded in 1783, is a prestigious learned society, promoting science, arts and humanities in Scotland. The Society has over 1600 fellows and members across the UK and beyond, and it recognises outstanding achievements in science, arts and humanities. The Duke has been a member of the Society since 1951 and was appointed the organization’s Patron in 1958. He has attended several medal award ceremonies in the past and has been an active patron of the Society’s publishing program.  The Duke’s appearance at the ceremony was much-appreciated by the awardees and other attendees, who expressed their admiration for his dedication to public service despite his age and health. The Palace has not commented on the Duke’s schedule for the next few weeks but it is expected that he will continue to fulfil his duties as Patron of various organizations.