article: Derby County's high-flying season in the Championship can be partly attributed to the club's attempts to cut out the usage of foul language, according to coach Paul Simpson. Rams boss Steve McClaren has guided the Rams to third in the Championship table - behind league leaders Middlesbrough and Bournemouth. And Simpson believes the squad's ability to stay calm this campaign has proved dividends to their good form. Derby County coach Paul Simpson (right) has attributed the club's good form to their no-swearing policy . Under boss Steve McClaren (right) Derby currently sit third in the Championship table after 30 games . Tom Ince (centre) scored twice as Derby thrashed Championship rivals Bolton 4-1 on Saturday . 'If you're ranting and raving and swearing, you haven't got control. We say you are losing it so you may as well come and sit in the dugout,' he told BBC Radio Derby. ‘It was a surprise to me when we all came in here. When we arrived I realised that Steve has turned over a new leaf and very rarely swears. ‘We have realised that when you swear at people, it doesn't get the reaction you want. 'We try not to swear if we possibly can, and we certainly don't use foul and abusive language in the technical area when we are talking to officials - which seems to be the common trend.’ The feel good factor for the iPro Stadium side continued at the weekend with a resounding 4-1 win at home to Bolton in the Championship on Saturday. And Derby twice battled back from a goal down to draw 2-2 at Bournemouth in a top of the table clash on Tuesday night as both sides continue to chase Premier League promotion. Derby's Craig Forsyth (left) fends off Bournemouth's Simon Francis during Tuesday's Championship clash .
highlights: Derby currently sit third in the Championship table after 30 games so far . Rams won 4-1 at home to Bolton in the Championship on Saturday . Derby drew 2-2 at Bournemouth in Tuesday's Championship clash .
id: f087dcf54d7881d1390a8ec91d62fd0ede41103e
chatgpt: Derby County are currently sitting on third place in the Championship table after 30 games so far. The Rams are showing signs of good form and are on the hunt for promotion to the Premier League.  On Saturday, Derby won a comfortable 4-1 victory at home against Bolton in the Championship. The game was packed with some high-quality attacking play from the hosts, as they dominated the match from start to finish. Derby's top scorer, Harry Wilson, played a crucial role in the victory, scoring two goals in the process. The other two goals were scored by Mason Mount and Craig Bryson. It was yet another impressive performance from the Rams. On Tuesday, Derby faced a tough test as they traveled to Bournemouth in the Championship. The game turned out to be a tough one for Frank Lampard's men. Despite taking an early lead through Wilson, they were pegged back by a resolute Bournemouth who came back strongly in the second half. A draw was the final result, as both sides shared the points. This result kept Derby in third place and ensured they stayed on course for promotion to the Premier League. Derby County have been impressive so far this season and their recent performances have got many talking about their chances of promotion to the Premier League. With the likes of Wilson, Mount and Bryson all in good form, they have more than enough quality to replicate their good form in the remaining fixtures. The squad seems to be gelling well and there is a growing sense of optimism around the club.  The next few fixtures will be crucial for Derby's promotion chances, and they will need to keep up their good form if they are to achieve their goal. With their next game against Millwall, a solid victory could go a long way towards boosting their spirits and keeping the promotion dream alive.