article: (CNN) -- Canada's Cabinet ministers are in hot water for their government's plans to spend nearly $2 million building a man-made lake for this month's G20 summit. The indoor lake, designed as part of a new complex in downtown Toronto for reporters covering the meeting, was one of several items that drew sharp criticism from left-wing legislators during a question period in Parliament Monday. "Instead of hosting world leaders, maybe the government should consider party-planning for Lady Gaga," Liberal MP Mark Holland said, claiming the country's budget for hosting the event also included paying for "dancers, singers, fiddlers and flowers" with $20 million Canadian (about $18.9 million U.S. dollars). Critics said the lavish expenditures seemed out of place for a meeting that will focus on recovering from the global economic crisis. But cabinet members defended the Canadian government's plans as they faced shouts and heckles. "It's a normal practice for the host country of an international summit to use the opportunity to showcase all their country has to offer, and that is exactly what we're doing...and we're going to be proud to showcase Canada to the world, contrary to what the Liberals want to do," Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon said. The G8 summit will take place from June 25-26 at a lakeside resort north of Toronto. About 3,000 journalists will cover the event from the media center in Toronto, which will also host the G20 summit from June 26-27, Transport Minister John Baird said Monday. "We're proud of our government's efforts to showcase this great country so it can be a magnet for jobs, investment and opportunity," he said. Toronto sits on the coast of Lake Ontario, one of the five Great Lakes. "We've got a government here that has to create an artificial lake, when Canada has more lakes than just about any other country in the world," said MP Jack Layton, Canada's social democratic party leader. "The taxpayers are going to end up at the bottom of the fake lake."
highlights: Canada's G20 hosting plans include construction of fake lake . Left-wing politicians have criticized the government's lavish spending . Cabinet ministers say their plans will draw more jobs and investments . Meeting is scheduled for June 26-27 in Toronto, Canada .
id: b248ee0dd7c9a1368d6b66b086db51eff6550a03
chatgpt: Canada’s plans to host the G20 summit have received mixed reactions from the public and political figures alike. The government has revealed that they are constructing a fake lake for the event, which has left many progressives disgruntled by their lavish spending, while Cabinet ministers have justified their plan as a job and investment maker. The summit, which is scheduled to take place on the 26th and 27th of June in Toronto, has been described as the largest diplomatic event to ever take place on Canadian soil. The country is expected to host over 20,000 delegates from all over the world, and the Canadian government has been busy preparing for months to ensure that the event is successful. One of the most talked-about G20 hosting plans has been the construction of a fake lake. Though seemingly bizarre, the lake is said to be an impressive creation, complete with a sand beach and boardwalk featuring a view of the CN Tower. Critics have slammed the move as irresponsible, emphasizing that it is a waste of tax dollars to invest in a fake feature for a temporary event. Opposition leaders have openly criticized the government’s priorities, suggesting that the funds would have been better spent on education, health care, and affordable housing. Many members of the public have also voiced their frustration, expressing their belief that the government should focus on more critical issues, such as debt management, poverty reduction, and environmental protection. These criticisms have not gone entirely unanswered. Cabinet ministers have defended the choice to build a fake lake, saying that it will contribute to creating more jobs and investments in the country. They have emphasized that this will help the overall economy in the long run, but critics argue that the environmental and social costs will outweigh any potential benefits. Final preparations for the G20 summit are currently underway, with security measures being taken and host cities appointed for the series of meetings to be held. Now entering the final stages, the Canadian government is hoping to deliver an incredibly successful summit, despite criticism from a portion of the public. In conclusion, Canada’s G20 hosting plans are setting the stage for a highly anticipated event. While there have been some reservations about the government’s choices, the country remains committed to putting on a great show while advancing major economic opportunities that the summit presents.