article: By . David Kent . England are on the right path to developing a team which can win the World Cup, according to Everton boss Roberto Martinez. Roy Hodgson's young squad failed to make it out of the group stages in Brazil following two defeats and a goalless draw - the national team's worst performance in half a century. However, Martinez feels the experience will have proven key to the development of players like Toffees 20-year-old midfielder Ross Barkley, Liverpool's £25million playmaker Adam Lallana and new Manchester United defender Luke Shaw, who are all expected to have integral roles as England look to the future at Russia 2018. Belief: Everton boss Roberto Martinez saw some promising signs in England's World Cup campaign . Glum: Wayne Rooney looks dejected after England's defeat to Uruguay effectively ended their World Cup dream . Bright future: Martinez believes Ross Barkley and England's young players will benefit from going to Brazil . Speaking to www.fifa.com, the Spaniard said: 'I was very impressed with the manner that England approached the competition. 'Looking back at other tournaments, it was the case of trying to progress and go through. This time around, it has been a clear approach of: let's try to be ourselves, let's try to find solutions and learn from the experience for the future; if we progress in this tournament, great, if not we'll get the benefits. 'There is a real legacy growing in this new England set-up. 'I love the eye-to-eye mentality and having a really brave outlook about their performances. 'The defeat against Uruguay was marginal. The game against Italy was very small margins as well, not to get the victory. 'Overall, it's a positive approach, and I think there is an understanding from the English public that there needs to be a bit of patience and a structured path to be successful; not just to be good in big tournaments, but to try to win a big tournament. Staying on: Three Lions boss Roy Hodgson will guide England in their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign . More to come: Martinez believes giving young players a chance will be key to England's hopes of success . 'To get there following the methods of Belgium or even Spain takes time. 'There has been a step towards achieving that with how England allow youngsters to have a major say and develop a clear way of playing that is going to be very beneficial for the future.'
highlights: Martinez believes England's World Cup exit came down to small margins . He was impressed with the Three Lions' young players in Brazil . The Everton boss thinks the public must be patient with Roy Hodgson . Martinez says there is a 'legacy' growing in the current England set-up .
id: edf80ad84683b64bce7fc01927917785f1d9f69e
chatgpt: Everton manager, Roberto Martinez, has spoken out about England's disappointing exit from the 2014 World Cup. In a recent interview, Martinez claimed that small margins were ultimately responsible for the Three Lions' early elimination from the tournament in Brazil. Despite the disappointment surrounding the elimination, Martinez was quick to praise the young players on the English squad. He spoke highly of their performances and noted their potential for the future. "I was really impressed by the young players that were involved in the England squad," Martinez said. "I think they showed that they belong at that level and they'll only get better with more experience." Amid calls for manager Roy Hodgson's resignation, Martinez urged the public to remain patient with the current England setup. He believes that Hodgson has the potential to build a competitive team in the future. "I think it's important that we don't rush to judgment and we give Roy Hodgson and his staff the time to develop this team," Martinez stated. "There's a lot of potential there and with the right guidance, I think we'll see a significant improvement." Martinez also spoke about the growing legacy of the current England set-up. He believes that the team has the potential to leave a lasting impact on English football. "I think there's a legacy growing within this squad," Martinez said. "These young players have the potential to be the foundation of a successful English team for years to come." While Martinez is optimistic about England's future, he also acknowledged that there is room for improvement. He believes that the team must learn from their mistakes in order to progress. "There are certainly areas that need to be addressed," Martinez noted. "But I think the young players have shown that they have the potential to learn and improve. If we can build on that, I think we'll see a much stronger England team in the future." Overall, Martinez's comments provide a balanced analysis of England's performance in the 2014 World Cup. While he acknowledges the disappointment of the early exit, he also sees reason for optimism in the young players on the squad. If his predictions are correct, English football fans have much to look forward to in the years to come.