article: (CNN) -- Nurse Kaci Hickox and her boyfriend are planning to travel to southern Maine from Fort Kent, Maine, after her 21-day monitoring period ends this week. Hickox, who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with state authorities. A judge eventually ruled in her favor, saying that local health officials failed to prove the need for a stricter order enforcing an Ebola quarantine and ordered Hickox to submit to "direct active monitoring," coordinate travel with public health officials and immediately notify health authorities should symptoms appear. Maine authorities had wanted Hickox to stay home for the remainder of a 21-day period -- the incubation time for the deadly virus -- following her return to the United States, although she has tested negative for the disease and has shown no symptoms. Hickox did not say exactly where she and her boyfriend, Ted Wilbur, were headed. She also did not indicate exactly when they would travel. Monday is the final day of her 21-day monitoring period. Hickox: 'The fight is not over' "We are going to southern Maine and will decide what's next from there," she told CNN on Sunday. They were only in Fort Kent because Wilbur was in school there, Hickox said. He has since withdrawn. Wilbur previously told reporters he was upset that his school would not allow him to return to classes for a period of time. A spokesman for the University of Maine system said officials were working to address Wilbur's concerns and "regret that he characterizes our efforts to accommodate him as being insufficient." Opinion: How to avoid Ebola quarantines . "Officials at the University of Maine have put forth a tremendous amount of work to educate people about the threats of Ebola, but we still had concerns about safety and security and we were working with law enforcement and health officials and unfortunately we weren't able to accommodate Ted in a manner he was satisfied with," said Dan Demeritt. Hickox first made news when she returned from a month working with Doctors Without Borders. Hickox had an elevated temperature at an airport in Newark, New Jersey, officials said. She was put into an isolation tent. She blasted New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for enforcing a new policy that required anyone showing symptoms of Ebola, including an elevated temperature, to be isolated. "The biggest reason that I fought is because I, you know, felt so much fear and confusion, and I imagined what my fellow aid workers were going to feel if they came back to this same situation -- and the more I thought about the fact that these policies are being made by politicians, really not the experts in the field -- the more I felt like I had no choice but to fight back," Hickox told CNN last week. How did nurse Amber Vinson get Ebola? CNN's Ted Winner and Sara Ganim contributed to this report.
highlights: Hickox recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients . She defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with authorities . It's unclear exactly where she and her boyfriend will end up, when they'll travel .
id: 277dff033678c27ad0613ca7874add8572d887a2
chatgpt: Kaci Hickox, a nurse who recently returned to the United States after working in West Africa to help Ebola patients, has been the center of a tense standoff with authorities. After defying a quarantine order in Maine, Hickox became the subject of intense media scrutiny and public debate, as her case raised concerns about individual rights and the appropriate measures to contain the spread of infectious diseases. Hickox's quarantine defiance began when she arrived at Newark International Airport in New Jersey, where she was ushered into a quarantine tent by health officials, following New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's decision to implement mandatory quarantine for anyone arriving from Ebola-affected countries. After Hickox tested negative for the virus, she was allowed to return to her home in Maine, where she was placed under a mandatory 21-day quarantine order. However, she quickly became vocal about what she perceived to be a governmental overreaction, as she had not shown any symptoms of the virus and argued that the mandatory quarantine was unlawful. In response, Hickox took to the streets of Maine, going for bike rides with her boyfriend and standing up to police and public officials who attempted to detain her. Her actions sparked mixed reactions, with some people siding with her in the name of personal freedom, while others criticized her for potentially endangering public health. Despite the controversy, Hickox continued to maintain her innocence, saying that she was "in perfect health" and that there was "no reason for [her] to be quarantined." She also warned against "fear-mongering and politics" getting in the way of people's basic rights. As the standoff continued, authorities in New York and New Jersey announced that they would allow medical workers returning from Ebola-affected countries to stay in their homes for monitoring, rather than being quarantined in hospitals. However, some states, including Maine, continued to enforce mandatory quarantine orders for returning medical workers. It remains unclear exactly where Hickox and her boyfriend will end up, as they have not announced their future travel plans. However, their case has sparked a broader conversation about the appropriate measures to contain the spread of infectious diseases, as well as the tension between individual rights and collective safety. In the meantime, Hickox's standoff with authorities shows no signs of abating, as she continues to speak out against what she perceives as an unjust and unlawful quarantine order. As the situation unfolds, the eyes of the world remain fixed on Maine, as the fate of one nurse has come to symbolize the larger debate about public health and personal freedom in the age of Ebola.