article: (CNN) -- Investigators said Thursday they found the fungus Exserohilum in one medicine lot from the compounding pharmacy at the center of a meningitis outbreak that has killed 21 people, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced. The presence of Exserohilum was found in "unopened medication vials," which were tested at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, according to the FDA. The discovery links the fungus to the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center, the FDA said. What is a compounding pharmacy? The CDC said Exserohilum had been found in 45 patients. The fungus can be difficult to find, meaning a patient with a negative test is still not in the clear. Symptoms from Exserohilum also can take a long time to develop. The CDC updated Friday the number of people known to have contracted noncontagious fungal meningitis from steroid injections. The number of cases has grown to 271. Three of the cases are a "peripheral joint infection" that specifically affects a joint such as a knee, hip, shoulder or elbow, officials said. Sixteen states have been affected, including New York, which was added to the CDC's list Thursday. Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord. It is usually caused by an infection, frequently with bacteria or a virus, but it can also be caused by less common pathogens, such as fungi in this case, according to the CDC. Fungal meningitis is very rare and, unlike viral and bacterial meningitis, is not contagious. Deadly outbreak was completely avoidable . Criminal investigators visit Massachusetts facility . FDA warns patients to be 'vigilant' about drugs from compounding center . Wife 'heartbroken' at death blamed on meningitis .
highlights: The fungus has been found in 45 patients, CDC says . Agency says one more person has died from a noncontagious form of meningitis . Number of cases grows to 271 in 16 states .
id: fa6d40c3d710a2c457f5651bd7ab248376fadb0e
chatgpt: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has reported that the number of cases of a rare fungal meningitis outbreak has grown to 271, with one more person dying from the noncontagious form of the disease. The latest statistics show that the outbreak, which was first reported in September, has affected patients in 16 different states. The fungus causing the outbreak, Exserohilum, is commonly found in soil and grasses. However, it is extremely rare for it to cause meningitis. The outbreak has been linked to contaminated steroid injections that were produced by the New England Compounding Center (NECC). The CDC has been tracking the cases and has found that 45 patients have been affected by the fungus. Symptoms of the disease include fever, headache, nausea, and vomiting. As of the latest statistics, 21 individuals have died from the outbreak, which is not contagious. The NECC, which was shut down in October, has been the subject of intense scrutiny due to the outbreak. The company has been accused of failing to maintain proper sterility in its facility and producing medication that was contaminated with the fungus. The outbreak has raised concerns about the regulation of compounding pharmacies, which produce medications that are not FDA-approved. In response to the outbreak, the FDA has announced that it will be working with state authorities to improve the regulation and oversight of compounding pharmacies. The CDC has advised individuals who may have received contaminated steroid injections to seek medical attention if they experience any symptoms of meningitis. The agency has also urged healthcare providers to stop using products from the NECC and to contact state authorities if they suspect that patients may have been affected by the contaminated medication. As the number of cases continues to grow, health officials are working to contain the outbreak and prevent further spread of the disease.