article: Most people check in to a hotel looking for a good night's sleep, but that is not the plan at Thorpe Park this Halloween. Horror fans can put their bravery to the test this October by checking in for the Fright Nights challenge. Locked in the park, guests will be bagged and blindfolded, chased by a sacrificial cannibal cult who feast upon human flesh, and taken on a horrifying backstage tour of the Thorpe Park Movie Studios and horror mazes. Scroll down for video . Night terrors: A new overnight experience at Thorpe Park, The Extra Cut, promises that guests will not enjoy a peaceful night's rest . Things that go bump in the night: The experience, for people over 18, includes being kidnapped, bagged and blindfolded, and chased by a cannibal cult . The Extra Cut, a new overnight experience from the Surrey theme park's Fright Nights, is open to those aged 18 and over who book into the Thorpe Shark Hotel. Once the park has closed at 10pm, the gates will be shut and the overnight guests will be locked in an abandoned theme park, which won’t be as empty as it seems. Hotel guests will receive a mystery invite from the 'Director' before being dragged from their rooms by a dishevelled and bloodied production crew to enter the park's Halloween Horror Mazes. They will also face death by cannibal and have to hunt for a photograph of themselves in order to ‘stay alive’. Lurking in the shadows: For an extra fright, guests can book a Night Terror - a creepy creature who will appear in your room in the dead of night . But the drama isn't over. Once they find their picture, they will be bagged and kidnapped in the back of a van before being delivered back to their hotel room disorientated. The experience runs until 2am... but the terror doesn't end there. Unwelcome creatures could be hiding in the shadows of your hotel room when you switch off the lights (if you book the Night Terrors add-on option, that is). Also available to book is a Bedtime Gory Teller – a dishevelled, greying character with yellow stained teeth and rancid breath who will read you horrifying ‘Hairy Tales’ from her book while you’re tucked up under your duvet. Bedtime story: A 'Bedtime Gory Teller' can read you 'hairy tales' as you drift off to sleep . Fright night: The Extra Cut takes place from 11pm to 2am and will run on selected dates throughout October . If all that horror hasn't satiated your craving for a scare, the hotel has a selection of on-demand horror movies available. Rooms also feature rain shower wet rooms, free wifi, and mood lighting. The Extra Cut takes place from 11pm to 2am and will run on selected dates throughout October. Prices, based on four people sharing, are from £125 each including overnight stay, two-day park tickets, breakfast, complimentary parking plus exclusive First to Ride time.
highlights: Overnight experience is in time for Halloween and is called The Extra Cut . Participants must be aged 18 and over to take part in terror experience . Guests are locked in the abandoned park for the night .
id: e875da0f7968a022fc09b38d6a1c51d52667ccc4
chatgpt: Get ready to have a spine-chilling experience this Halloween with 'The Extra Cut.' The overnight experience is going to take place in an abandoned park, leaving participants locked within the premises for a night full of terror. With the anticipation building amongst thrill-seekers, the organizers have already informed that the event has a strict age limit of 18 and above. 'The Extra Cut' is shaping up to be one of the most intense and immersive Halloween experiences in the country. The organizers have promised that participants will experience heart-stopping scares and tension-filled moments throughout the night. The experience will also have a Hollywood inspired touch which will provide participants with a unique and thrilling experience they will never forget. Guests will have to navigate through the abandoned park for a night to survive the terror experience. They will be left with no assistance and must find their way through the park while encountering terrifying scenes and creatures. Those brave enough to opt for this experience can expect a hair-raising time as the park comes alive with horror. The organizers have hinted that participants will have to encounter creepy clowns, ghosts, and zombies, as they cautiously make their way through the abandoned park. Ghostly sounds and disturbing audio effects will further enhance the night's eerie atmosphere, leaving participants on their toes throughout the experience. The spine-chilling experience is not for the faint-hearted as the organizers have placed strict rules and regulations for the participants. Those who are interested in participating in 'The Extra Cut' must sign a waiver, acknowledging the potential risks and dangers of the experience. The organizers have also informed that the experience can be physically and emotionally challenging, hence participants must be prepared beforehand. 'The Extra Cut' will provide the perfect vibe for thrill-seekers who want to experience something different this Halloween. The organizers have worked hard to give every guest an unforgettable experience and have made sure that no stone is left unturned in creating a spooky ambiance. The abandoned park has long been rumored to be haunted, and now with the event 'The Extra Cut,' participants will have to cope with their fears and nerves on the haunting night. Those who are brave enough to participate can expect a surreal experience that they will remember for the rest of their lives. As Halloween is approaching, 'The Extra Cut' has become the talk of the town, and tickets are already selling out fast. The organizers have provided information that the tickets are available only on pre-booking basis, and must be paid in full in advance. In conclusion, brace yourselves for a terrifying adventure that will leave you with a lifetime of memories. 'The Extra Cut' promises to be a night unlike any other this Halloween, and the abandoned park will come alive with terror as participants navigate through its haunting maze. So if you are 18 or above and looking to experience the ultimate Halloween horror, book your tickets to 'The Extra Cut' and get ready for a night full of fear, screams, and goosebumps.