article: (CNN) -- A small plane crashed while trying to land at the Aspen, Colorado, airport Sunday, killing the co-pilot and injuring two others aboard, said Alex Burchetta with the Pitkin County Sheriff's Office. Witnesses described a fiery scene as the plane flipped over and became engulfed in flames. Photos showed the plane upside down on the tarmac, its fuselage charred. The pilot of the twin-engine jet earlier reported high winds during a previous attempt to land, according to a recording of the air traffic control radio transmission obtained by CNN through Flightaware, a flight-tracking website. "Missed approach, N115WF.  33 knots of tail wind," the pilot is heard saying a few minutes before the crash. The deceased co-pilot was identified by Burchetta as 54-year-old Sergio Carranza Brabata of Mexico. Pitkin County Coroner Dr. J. Steven Ayers listed the preliminary cause of death as blunt force trauma. The injured -- the pilot and another co-pilot flying as a passenger -- were transported to a local hospital with "moderate to severe injuries" as a result of the impact of the crash, Burchetta said. Aspen Valley Hospital spokeswoman Ginny Dyche told CNN the men would be transferred to another facility in Colorado to receive a higher level of treatment. The National Transportation Safety Board sent a team of investigators to the scene to begin the crash probe, NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson told CNN Sunday. Two celebrities, who were at the small airport in the Aspen ski resort area, posted Twitter messages saying they witnessed the crash. "So sad! Horrible plane crash we just saw happen at the Aspen airport," singer LeAnn Rimes tweeted. Comedian Kevin Nealon tweeted: "Horrible plane crash here at Aspen airport. Exploded into flames as it was landing. I think it was a private jet. Fire truck and ambulances were on the scene within minutes." Burchetta said the cause of the crash is under investigation. "Right now, we have no indication that there was anything wrong prior to landing," Burchetta said. FAA spokesman Allen Kenitzer said the Bombardier Challenger 600 that was coming from Tucson, Arizona. The plane originated from Toluca, Mexico, roughly 40 miles west of Mexico City, according to Flightaware. The Aspen airport is known as a challenging place for pilots to land because of the mountains that surround the runway. The airport tarmac is often filled with private planes owned or chartered by the wealthy and famous who own vacation homes in the mountain resort community. "Airport is closed now," Nealon tweeted. "I think I'll drive back to LA after seeing that." Small plane makes forced landing on Bronx highway . Pilot concerned about landing Asiana jet before crash . CNN's Aaron Cooper, AnneClaire Stapleton, Janet DiGiacomo and Scott Thompson contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Two others aboard were pilot and a co-pilot traveling as a passenger . Deceased identified as 54-year-old co-pilot from Mexico . Pilot missed first approach due to high winds, according to radio traffic . Crashed jet was a Bombardier Challenger 600 coming from Tucson, Arizona .
id: f5ac006ee8a350feeba53762512b0a3d24467eff
chatgpt: In a tragic incident on Friday evening, a private jet crashed while trying to land at an airport in northern Mexico, killing one person on board. The crash took place at around 7:30 pm local time when the Bombardier Challenger 600 was attempting to land at the General Lucio Blanco International Airport in Reynosa. The crash also left two other people injured, identified as the pilot and a co-pilot who was traveling as a passenger. The deceased has been identified as a 54-year-old co-pilot from Mexico. The injured pilot and passenger were rushed to a nearby hospital where they are being treated for severe injuries. The local authorities have launched an investigation to determine the cause of the crash. Initial reports suggest that the crash was caused by strong winds, which led the pilot to miss the first approach. According to the radio traffic, the pilot reported encountering high winds during the first approach, which forced him to make a go-around. Tragically, the second approach was not successful, and the plane crashed on the runway during the landing attempt. The Bombardier Challenger 600, which was manufactured in 1984, had departed from Tucson, Arizona and was scheduled to land in Monterrey, another city in the northeastern part of Mexico. The plane was reportedly registered to a company based in Colorado, USA. The airport authorities immediately evacuated the passengers and crew from the plane, and the fire department and paramedics were called to the scene. Despite the swift response, one of the co-pilots was pronounced dead at the site of the crash. The airport remained closed for several hours after the incident, but was later reopened for commercial flights. The aviation industry has been hit hard by the Covid-19 pandemic, with many businesses scaling back operations due to lowered demand. Private jet travel, however, has seen an uptick among wealthy individuals and business executives looking to avoid crowded airports and commercial flights. In conclusion, the crash of a Bombardier Challenger 600 in Reynosa, Mexico, has left one person dead and two others injured. The deceased has been identified as a 54-year-old co-pilot from Mexico. The pilot missed the first approach due to high winds, and the subsequent landing attempt resulted in the tragic crash. The authorities are investigating the cause of the crash, while the airport has resumed normal operations.