article: The unseasonably good weather has been rather fortunate for me this week because I had to strip down to my waist for a revealing photo shoot outdoors. It was to put the final touches to my 2015 calendar – my agent said it was a good idea to do one – I’m not entirely sure that people will want to see my face beaming out at them all through 2015 but it’s been done now anyway, so I’ll let you be the judge. You can have a sneak preview at signaturecalendars.co.uk and they can be pre-ordered now. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Spencer lost his top and got oiled up for his 2015 calendar shoot . It seems rather bizarre to be talking about the New Year when we are barely in autumn but that’s how it works in this showbiz world and so I found myself stood on the roof of an old warehouse in Greenwich being sprayed with body oil again and wearing an extremely tight pair of trousers. You may have noticed that I’m looking decidedly pale at the moment, my New York tan has long since faded and the one saving grace is that I’m in pretty good nick. This is remarkable because I’m currently going to about seven nightclub PAs a week – Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Liverpool, Worcester and Bristol in the past five days. I’m trying to keep the drinking down to a minimum (I'm only having Skinny Betches – vodka, fresh lime and soda) and trying to stick to four workouts a week, and popping three Forza T5 Super Strength a day to keep the metabolism burning fat. Spencer was thankful for the uncharacteristically good whether as he shot the images on the roof of a Greenwich warehouse . An on-shoot assistant oils up Spencer's newly toned physique . Poser: Spencer nails the moody look as he gets snapped for his shoot . The Forza T5s have been a big help and body fat is down to around 11 per cent and weight is around 13st, not quite Men’s Health cover material but only a couple of weeks of hard work and dedication away from that. The problem is that now the University Freshers parties have started in earnest and with Christmas on the horizon (only 13 ½ weeks away) there is going to be plenty of temptation to keep me off the straight and narrow. One thing that might help me stay virtuous was that had to spend a gruelling four hours personally signing all the front covers of my 2015 calendar. I’ve now got a serious case of RSI and so for the next few days at least I can barely raise a glass with my right hand. And you can see a video of me signing calendars below. Lots of love, Spencer. xxx . Getting down to business: Spencer poses mid push-up . Loves his fans: Spencer makes time to sign a few calendars between shooting .
highlights: Spencer has been putting together the final touches for his 2015 calendar . He has taken to a Greenwich roof top for his final shoot . Going topless Spencer was doused in baby oil . It gave the Chelsea boy a chance to show off his new physique .
id: 1e61b532526d55e1d6da1dba66a826f96a019d92
chatgpt: In preparation for the upcoming year, Spencer has been diligently working on his 2015 calendar. As the final shoot approached, Spencer knew he wanted to make a statement and provide his fans with something special. This is why he decided to take to a Greenwich rooftop for his final shoot. Spencer captured the attention of bystanders as he boldly emerged topless on the rooftop. While many were surprised by the unexpected sight, it was clear that Spencer was determined to make this shoot unforgettable. To add to his striking appearance, Spencer was doused in baby oil, adding a glistening effect to his already toned physique. The Chelsea boy had been working hard to get in shape and was proud to show off the fruits of his labor. With the final touches in place, the shoot began. The bustling city of Greenwich served as the perfect backdrop to Spencer's powerful and captivating presence. The sound of clicks echoed across the rooftop as the cameras captured the essence of the shoot. As Spencer struck various poses, it was obvious that he was completely in his element. He exuded confidence, and his fans are sure to be pleased with the resulting calendar. Spencer’s assistant was on set to ensure that all went as planned. She revealed that the final product is bound to be amazing and will reveal a more mature and sophisticated Spencer. Spencer has always been known for his good looks and charming personality. However, this shoot, in particular, allowed him to showcase a more confident and daring side. With the shoot complete, Spencer felt incredible. He was proud of himself for pushing his limits, and his fans couldn't be more excited for the calendar's release. The 2015 calendar from Spencer promises to be unforgettable. Not only will it showcase the beautiful city of Greenwich, but it will also feature Spencer's remarkable transformation. His fans will see him like never before - bolder and more daring than ever. In closing, Spencer's final shoot was a rousing success. In a show of bravado, he took to the Greenwich rooftop in a bid to leave his fans clamoring for more. With his toned physique and confident attitude, Spencer has proven yet again that he is more than just a pretty face. We can all expect to see more of this exciting new Spencer in the coming year.