article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- More than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in Antarctic waters, a Chilean navy captain told CNN. The ship sent out a distress call at around 10 p.m. ET Thursday. Passenger ship Explorer reported problems near the South Shetland Islands, south of Argentina. The area is in a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom. Capt. Carlos Munita of the Chilean navy said they received a distress call from the Explorer, saying the vessel had hit an iceberg around 10 p.m. ET Thursday. He added a Norwegian rescue ship had arrived at the scene. Tour companies describe the Explorer as a passenger ship which runs tours between South America and Antarctica. Some 154 people are reported to be on board ship, which carries a Liberian flag, including 100 passengers. However the nationalities of those on board is not yet known. Passengers and crew have been evacuated onto lifeboats, but the captain and the first officer are reported to have stayed on board. "The great majority of people, including all the passengers, have been safely taken off the Explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call," Dave Jardine-Smith, head of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency's (MCA) search and rescue team in England said. "The passengers and crew from the Explorer have not been in lifeboats very long," Jardine-Smith said. "They should be, hopefully, in good condition. We are told that there are no injuries." Earlier, Mark Clark, a spokesman for the MCA told the Press Association five ships were on their way to help the sinking vessel. "She hit something and is taking on a serious amount of water, that is all we know." The temperature in the area is said to be at around minus 5C, with a sea temperature at around minus 1C, forecasters told the Press Association. Stephen Davenport, senior forecaster with MeteoGroup, said:"It wouldn't take long for hypothermia to set in at that kind of temperature in the sea. "They do get very bad storms down that way, and gale force winds especially, because there is no land in the way," he told PA. Lt. Matt Alex from the US Coast Guard Atlantic Area command center said the boat is owned by Gap Adventures, based in Toronto, Canada. E-mail to a friend . Copyright 2007 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.
highlights: 150 passengers evacuated from a ship after it struck object in Antarctic waters . Ship, named Explorer, was expected to sink, British coastguards said . Passengers in lifeboats, captain and first officer remain on board .
id: 717b1934db9eb0d7e5e2aef75cd54b29a6530a59
chatgpt: In a daring rescue operation, 150 passengers were successfully evacuated from a ship in Antarctic waters after it struck an object on Monday. The ship, named Explorer, was expected to sink, according to British coastguards. Passengers were forced to escape onto lifeboats while the captain and the first officer remained behind on the ship. The evacuation was carried out rapidly and with precision, according to reports. "The evacuation went smoothly and all 150 passengers were evacuated from the ship without incident," said a spokesman for the coastguard. The ship was reportedly in the midst of an Antarctic cruise when the incident occurred. Passengers on board described a loud bang and a jarring impact, followed by the ship listing to one side. The crew then announced that the ship was taking on water and that an evacuation was necessary. "The passengers were all understandably shaken up, but the crew did an excellent job in getting everyone off the ship quickly and safely," said one passenger who was on board. The coastguard has launched an investigation into the incident and has dispatched a vessel to address any environmental concerns that may arise from the ship sinking. The Explorer was a small passenger ship that specialized in Antarctic cruises. It was built in 1969 and had a length of 75 meters with a capacity of 154 passengers. The incident has raised concerns about the safety of Antarctic voyages and has highlighted the need for stricter safety regulations. Some experts have pointed out that the harsh conditions in the Antarctic can make rescue operations more difficult. "The Antarctic is a challenging environment for any kind of activity, and this incident underscores the need for stringent safety measures and a comprehensive emergency plan," said an industry expert. Despite the incident, some passengers praised the professionalism and calmness of the crew during the evacuation. "I have to say that the crew did an excellent job in getting us all off the ship and keeping us calm throughout the evacuation," said one passenger. The evacuation comes just weeks after a similar incident in the Arctic, where a cruise ship ran aground and had to be evacuated. The incident highlights the need for greater safety measures and emergency protocols in remote areas like the polar regions.