article: Novak Djokovic eased into the third round of the French Open with a comprehensive 6-1 6-4 6-2 victory over Jeremy Chardy at Roland Garros. The clay court showpiece is the only grand slam to have eluded Djokovic so far in his career but he looked in ferocious form on Wednesday as he blew away Chardy in just an hour and 31 minutes. Chardy held serve in his opening game but when he dropped the fourth, the world number two never looked back. Dominant: Novak Djokovic beat Jeremy Chardy in straight sets to progress in the French Open . No contest: Djokovic won 6-1 6-4 6-2 to reach the third round of the French Open . More to come: However, it is the one Grand Slam to elude the Serb and he will have his work cut out to win it . Djokovic was demonstrating all of his trademark athleticism to make it hard for his opponent but Chardy was not helping himself with unforced errors and the Serbian closed out the set in just 25 minutes. Djokovic broke Chardy in the first game of the second but the Frenchman broke right back before dropping his serve again with a double fault to hand the initiative back to his opponent. The rest of the set went with serve and Djokovic never looked overly troubled as he appeared to be going through the motions. Djokovic made it five from five on break point in the opening game of the third and looked set to steamroller his way to victory but he handed Chardy a second serve as he attempted to break back and the world number 42 took advantage with a crushing forehand. The run of breaks continued as Djokovic took the next and he was well in control despite letting out an almighty cry of frustration when sending a backhand into the net. Djokovic dropped his first two break points of the match in the next but made no mistake with the third, a backhand pass securing a 4-1 lead and ending Chardy's resistance. The remaining games went with serve as the rain began to fall on Court Philippe Chatrier and Djokovic eased into the next round. Photographic memory: Djokovic's coach Boris Becker was paying close attention to the match . Team: Becker later celebrated with Marian Vajda (2nd L), physical trainer Gebhard Phil-Gritsch (2nd R) and physiotherapist Milan Amanovic . Aerial view: Djokovic has so far won six Grand Slam titles, including four triumphs in Australia . So close: Djokovic's best performance at Roland Garros came in 2012 when he was a losing finalist .
highlights: World No. 2 eases into third round of French Open against Jeremy Chardy . Novak Djokovic will be keen to better his runners-up spot in 2012 . French Open is only Grand Slam tournament to elude the Serb . Chardy could not repeat win against Roger Federer in Rome Open .
id: 179555f5fff47bd1e6528e9fe8e831adbe7e4c16
chatgpt: Novak Djokovic, world No. 2, eased into the third round of the French Open on Thursday, defeating Frenchman Jeremy Chardy in four sets. Djokovic was in sparkling form, dispatching his opponent 6-1, 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour and a half. The Serb's performance will be a boost for his confidence, as he bids to win the tournament for the first time and improve on his runners-up spot in 2012. Despite winning 18 Grand Slam titles, Djokovic has never managed to lift the French Open trophy. It remains the only major tournament to elude him, and he will be determined to rectify that this year. Chardy had a tough task ahead of him, knowing that he could not repeat his recent win against Roger Federer in the Rome Open. However, he put up a good fight in the early stages of the match, with some powerful shots inspiring hope among the home fans. But Djokovic was always in control, using his experience and expertise to outmaneuver his opponent. He served superbly throughout the match, winning 72% of his first-serve points and notching up seven aces. Chardy, on the other hand, struggled to get going, making several errors and struggling to find his rhythm. He won just 47% of his first-serve points and committed 35 unforced errors, which proved to be his undoing. Despite the defeat, Chardy was gracious in defeat, acknowledging Djokovic's quality and expressing his gratitude to the French fans who had cheered him on. Djokovic now faces a potentially tricky third-round encounter against Lithuanian Ricardas Berankis, who has caused a few upsets already in this year's tournament. But the Serb will be confident of his chances, having played some of his best tennis in recent months. He won the Australian Open earlier this year and is currently on a 10-match winning streak on clay. If Djokovic can maintain his level of performance, he could finally achieve his long-awaited dream of adding the French Open title to his impressive haul of Grand Slam titles. And with his sights set firmly on overtaking Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal's record of 20 major titles, he will be determined to go all the way in Paris this year.