article: Click HERE to read Matt Barlow's match report . Yaya Sanogo can finally change his Twitter handle. Before Wednesday night it was: @Yayasanogoal22 in homage to his Arsenal goal record. Credit to the young Frenchman for being able to laugh at his own expense. It took a while - 13 appearances in total - but he is finally off the mark for Arsenal. Arsene Wenger has shown huge faith in Sanogo when supporters - and even some of his team-mates - have doubted his ability. With that rod off his back, maybe he can establish himself fully at the Emirates Stadium. Yaya Sanogo scored his first goal for Arsenal during their 2-0 win against Borussia Dortmund . Sanogo mocked his poor goalscoring record on his own Twitter and Facebook social media accounts . Jack Wilshere's loss has forced Arsene Wenger into rethinking his January transfer strategy. The Arsenal manager is still prioritising the capture of at least two central defenders; a position the Gunners have been dreadfully short this season. But Wenger is also now looking to purchase a defensive central midfielder to replace Wilshere - who could be out for four months if he needs surgery on his injured left ankle. Bayer Leverkusen's Lars Bender remains Wenger's dream signing, but Sportsmail understands they are also showing an interest in Sevilla's Grzegorz Krychowiak, who could be cheaper option. Their defensive targets include Celtic's Virgil van Dijk, Manchester United's Chris Smalling and Ipswich left back Tyrone Mings. Arsene Wenger could sign a replacement for the injured Jack Wilshere during the January transfer market . Arsenal are interested in signing Manchester United defender Chris Smalling . Here's a little known fact: Borussia Dortmund defender Neven Subotic once had a 10 day trial with Crystal Palace in 2006. Iain Dowie was manager at the time of Subotic's stint at Selhurst Park. He arrived as a defensive midfielder, but his 6ft 3ins frame meant Palace viewed him as an imposing defender. Subotic, who spent part of his childhood in the USA, played for the Eagles' sister club Crystal Palace Baltimore. Palace wanted to sign the then 18-year-old, who held a US passport, but red-tape meant a deal wasn't possible after the club failed to secure him a work permit. Soon after Subotic signed for Mainz. Dortmund centre back Neven Subotic came close to joining Crystal Palace in 2006 . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain made his 100th appearance for Arsenal in Wednesday's Champions League encounter. Quite an achievement for a player still only 21-years-old. There was conjecture about just how much the England man would play this season during the summer months. He was touted as the fall-guy following Alexis Sanchez's arrival. But Chamberlain has already started 10 games for the Gunners this term. It'll be interesting to see where he fits in once Mesut Ozil is fit again, though. Arsenal midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain made his 100th appearance against Dortmund .
highlights: Yaya Sanogo scored his first goal for Arsenal since signing from Auxerre . Sanogo's Twitter handle was 'Yayasanogoal 22' before Dortmund strike . Arsene Wenger could dip into market to sign Jack Wilshere replacement . Dortmund centre back Neven Subotic came close to joining Crystal Palace . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain made 100th Arsenal appearance .
id: 6a0e452bfb6003267e507ad92d6e1be29b4ea346
chatgpt: Arsenal secured a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund in their UEFA Champions League encounter at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night. The Gunners were without their talismanic midfielder Jack Wilshere, who has been ruled out for the next few weeks with an ankle injury. However, they were buoyed by the return of Yaya Sanogo, who came off the bench to score his first goal for the club since signing from Auxerre in the summer of 2013. Sanogo, who already had a Twitter handle of 'Yayasanogoal 22', finally lived up to his name as he slotted past Dortmund goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller in the 57th minute of the match. The 22-year old striker had missed several chances to score earlier in the game, but he made no mistake when it mattered the most. Arsene Wenger had expressed his satisfaction with Sanogo's performance after the match but also hinted at the possibility of dipping into the market to sign a replacement for Jack Wilshere. The French manager had been reluctant to make any major signings in the summer transfer window, but with injuries to key players like Wilshere and Mikel Arteta, he may have to change his stance in the upcoming January transfer window. One player who could potentially be on Wenger's radar is Dortmund centre-back Neven Subotic. The Serbian international had come very close to joining Crystal Palace on transfer deadline day in the summer, but the deal fell through at the last minute. Subotic has been a mainstay in the Dortmund team for the past few seasons, and his experience and leadership qualities could be invaluable to Arsenal. Another player who reached a milestone in the game was Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, who made his 100th appearance for Arsenal. The 21-year old winger has been in impressive form this season and has been one of the standout performers for the Gunners. Oxlade-Chamberlain started the game on the bench but came on in the second half and provided the assist for Sanogo's goal. The win over Dortmund was a much-needed boost for Arsenal, who had come into the game on the back of a disappointing draw against Tottenham in the North London derby. The victory also saw them move to the top of Group D in the Champions League, and they will be hoping to maintain their momentum when they take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday. In conclusion, Yaya Sanogo's first goal for Arsenal will be a huge confidence boost for the striker, who has struggled for form and fitness since joining the club. Arsene Wenger's comments after the game suggest that he may be in the market for a replacement for Jack Wilshere, and Neven Subotic could be an ideal candidate. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's 100th appearance for the club was also a notable milestone, and the winger will be hoping to continue his impressive form in the coming weeks.