article: By . David Kent . Wilfried Zaha has admitted he must improve his game if he wants to resurrect his Manchester United career. Zaha will be hoping to impress new boss Louis van Gaal in the early hours of Thursday morning when United take on LA Galaxy in the first game of their pre-season tour of America. 'It’s great to be back,' Zaha told manutd.com. 'There’s a nice vibe, everybody’s working hard and we’re looking forward to the new season. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Zaha terrorise defenders in England U21 training . Out to impress: Wilfried Zaha has to win over United's coaching staff if he wants to stay at Old Trafford . All smiles: Zaha (right) looks in jubilant mood alongside Man United new boy Luke Shaw . 'For me, I definitely feel like this is a clean slate. 'All I’m trying to do is impress the new manager and get into his squad. All I can do is give my all. There’s a new manager and I want to make sure I show him what I can do.' When Moyes named Zaha in his Community Shield team last August, many expected the winger to hold down a first-team place for the rest of the season. However the 21-year-old did not start a league match for United as Moyes decided the player was not good enough. After a 13-game loan spell in Wales, Zaha feels he has improved. 'I’ve realised there are things about my game I need to work on and concentrate on and I know this is the best place to be if I want to improve,' added Zaha. 'I really want to make myself a better player. Going to Cardiff was a really good experience for me. 'I managed to get quite a few games under my belt at Premier League level, which was good, and I feel like I’ve come back a better player.' Moving forward: Zaha believes he has progressed rapidly after his spell at Cardiff . Unhappy: Former Man United boss David Moyes was not convinced by tricky winger Zaha .
highlights: Wilfried Zaha is fighting for his future at Manchester United . Zaha has travelled to America to take part in Manchester United's USA tour . The former Crystal Palace winger was loaned out to Cardiff last season .
id: d5486781a70b8ca0cfb04a1e8dca163f8962b5b7
chatgpt: Manchester United's Wilfried Zaha is fighting for his future at the club as he travels to America to take part in their USA tour. The 21-year-old winger has been under the spotlight after being loaned out to Cardiff last season. As the team prepares for their pre-season tour, Zaha is hoping for a good performance to secure his spot in the team. Zaha, who joined Manchester United from Crystal Palace in January 2013, has struggled to make his mark at the club. After a difficult first season, Zaha was loaned out to Cardiff but failed to impress during his time there. Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has yet to reveal whether Zaha will be part of his plans for the upcoming season, leaving the youngster in limbo. Despite the uncertainty surrounding his future, Zaha is determined to prove himself in the upcoming matches. The USA tour provides a perfect opportunity for the young talent to demonstrate his skills and make a case for himself to be included in the team. With a number of talented players vying for a spot in the starting line-up, Zaha knows that he will have to put in a strong performance to get noticed. Van Gaal has previously stated that it is up to Zaha to prove himself and earn a place in the team. "The question is always, 'what is your position in the team?'. It is up to the player to show his qualities," said the Dutchman. Zaha will have to show the manager what he is capable of in order to secure his future at the club. The youngster is not the only Manchester United player fighting for his future on the tour. Players such as Shinji Kagawa, Javier Hernandez and Danny Welbeck will also be looking to impress the manager and secure their places in the team. With a number of high-profile transfers being made by the club this summer, Manchester United's players will have to work hard to establish themselves in the new squad. As Manchester United sets off on their USA tour, all eyes will be on Zaha and his fellow players. It remains to be seen whether the winger will be able to make his mark and secure his future at the club.