article: One-third of phone users would definitely upgrade to a Facebook phone  - and 73% think the phone is a ‘good idea’. News of the phone emerged this week, with sources claiming that Facebook had hired ex-Apple engineers to work on an ‘official’ Facebook phone. Facebook  has made several ventures into the mobile market before in partnership with manufacturers such as HTC and INQ - but a new phone made by ex-Apple engineers is rumoured to be in production . The previous 'Facebook Phone' - INQ's Cloud Touch -  puts all of your newsfeeds, pictures and other information on a well thought-out homescreen centred around Facebook . It’s not the first Facebook phone to hit . the market – the social network giant has previously partnered with INQ . and HTC to produce Facebook-oriented handsets, including phones with a . built-in ‘Like’ button. Details of the proposed phone are scant, but Facebook is already making moves into the mobile space with a series of high-profile app acquisitions. After its $1 billion purchase of Instagram, the social network bought location-based social app Glancee and photo-sharing app Lightbox. Facebook’s smartphone apps have also seen constant and large-scale redesigns, with adverts more prominent with the news feed. The handset is rumoured to be set for a 2013 release. It could be a major hit – a flash poll of 968 people conducted by MyVoucherCodes found that 32% of phone users would upgrade as soon as it became available. The key to its success could be porting apps to mobile – something Facebook is already doing. Separate camera and chat apps already separate off some site functions, and third-party apps will shortly be available via  a Facebook app store. Of those polled, 57% hoped that it would be cheaper than an iPhone – presumably supported by Facebook’s advertising. Those polled were then asked why they would choose to purchase a Facebook phone, if and when one became available, and were asked to select all reasons that applied to them from a list of possible answers. Would you 'upgrade' to a Facebook phone? Would you 'upgrade' to a Facebook phone? Now share your opinion . The top five reasons were as follows: . 44% of people liked the idea of having their mobile phone synced with their Facebook account, whilst 41% said they wanted to be able to use Facebook apps on their Smartphone. Mark Pearson, Chairman of MyVoucherCodes.co.uk, said, ‘It will be quite exciting to see the first Facebook phone when it’s released next year.'
highlights: Poll of 968 phone users in UK . 32% said they would definitely upgrade to a Facebook phone . Users hope it might be cheaper than iPhone .
id: 0b57c17776ce5926a961cd296805fb7224bf4dcb
chatgpt: A recent poll of 968 phone users in the United Kingdom reveals that 32% of them are eager to upgrade to a Facebook phone. This comes as the social media giant recently announced that it plans to create its own smartphone, aimed at offering customers a unique experience. The survey found that many users are hoping the Facebook phone will be cheaper than the iPhone, which is currently one of the most popular smartphones on the market. With Apple's newest release, the iPhone X, costing over £1,000 in the UK, many consumers are feeling the pinch. The Facebook phone has yet to be released, but industry experts believe it could be a game-changer in the smartphone market. With Facebook's unique features and a range of new capabilities, the phone may ultimately become a popular choice for consumers. Some users expressed excitement about the idea of a Facebook phone, saying they are eager to see what other features the technology giant plans to offer. "I've been on Facebook for years, so I'm excited to see what they can do with a phone," said one user. "I'm hoping it will be more affordable than the iPhone but still have all the features I need." Others, however, were less positive about the idea of a Facebook phone, expressing concerns about privacy and security. With Facebook's recent scandals surrounding data privacy and sharing, many users are worried about how much access the phone may give the social media giant to their personal information. "I'm not sure I would trust Facebook enough to use their phone," said another user. "With everything that's been going on, I worry about my personal data being shared without my consent." Despite the mixed responses, Facebook remains optimistic about the potential success of their smartphone. Many are eager to see what new features will be offered, as Facebook continues to innovate in the tech industry. As of now, there is no official release date for the Facebook phone or any confirmed details on its features or price. However, the social media giant continues to tease consumers with hints of what's to come, leaving many eager to see what the new device will bring to the ever-expanding world of mobile technology.