article: Championship clubs spent over £14million on agents fees last season, with play-off winners Queens Park Rangers topping the bill. Harry Redknapp's side paid over £1.8million to players' representatives in the 2013/14, on their way to reaching the Premier League thanks to a Bobby Zamora goal at Wembley. Unsurprisingly three of the league's four lowest spenders were relegated, with only cash-strapped Blackpool (£10,000) paying agents less than Yoevil Town (£61,550), Doncaster Rovers (131,380) and Barnsley (£221,445). Well worth it: QPR may have spent a lot of money on agents but it paid off when they won the play-off final . In the money: Bobby Zamora's strike at Wembley ensured Rangers more than made their money back . However Leicester City and Burnley showed that big spending is not always needed to get results, between them paying out under £700,000 and finishing first and second respectively. The other sides to splash the cash were Blakcburn Rovers (£1,681,080), Wigan Athletic (£1,460,460) and Reading (£1,656,446). Between them the four biggest spenders account for 45 per cent of the Championship's total output to agents. Expenses: Charlie Austin, signed from Burnley, was one of 11 players brought in last season . Costly: Blackburn Rovers were the second highest spenders, DJ Campbell one of their 13 signings . In total the Football League spent 18 per cent less last season than the previous year, but agents still raked in an average of over £32,000 per transfer in the Championship. According to the Football League's Chief Executive, Shaun Harvey, the reduction was a result of the league's new Financial Fair Play regulations. However, he stressed that the more than £17million spent on agents was still 'a very significant sum leaving the game'. Who needs money: Leicester City won last season's Championship despite just £343,900 on agents' fees . 'The 2013/14 campaign was the first season against which sanctions will be applied in all three of our divisions under The Football League's Financial Fair Play rules. It is therefore notable that we have seen a significant fall in payments to agents. 'Hopefully this is a sign that they are having a positive effect but it's too early to know for definite at this stage. 'Whilst a reduction of £4m is welcome there is still a very significant sum leaving the game to pay agents.' VIDEO We started badly - Redknapp .
highlights: Championship clubs payed more than £14million to agents last season . Automatically promoted Leicester City and Burnley among the smallest spenders . Spending down overall on previous spending . 'Still a very significant sum leaving the game to pay agents,' says Football League boss .
id: 08548a99c20347552e3b58f640e0c1fdec45c403
chatgpt: Championship clubs paid more than £14 million to agents last season, according to new figures released by the Football League. The data shows that while the amount spent on agents by these clubs has decreased slightly from the previous season, it is still a very significant sum. Among the clubs who spent the least on agents were last season's automatically promoted teams, Leicester City and Burnley. Both teams spent less than £1 million each, highlighting the difference in spending power between the top clubs and those further down the league. Overall spending on agents fees was down by £2.5 million from the previous season, but Football League Boss, Shaun Harvey, says that "there is still a very significant sum leaving the game to pay agents." The Football League's new regulations require clubs to submit quarterly reports outlining their spending on agents, and any excessive spending could result in disciplinary action. However, Harvey believes that the new rules could actually increase the amount of money being paid to agents in the long term. "It may sound counter-intuitive," he said, "but by ensuring we have total transparency on agent fees, we can actually create a more stable financial environment for clubs. This will allow them to plan for the future and invest in their squads without being held to ransom by agents." The top spending clubs in the Championship last season were QPR, who paid out £3.2 million, and then, surprisingly, Reading, who paid out £2.3 million. Harvey suggests that, going forward, clubs need to find a better balance between what they pay agents and what they actually spend on players. "Agents can provide a valuable service to clubs, but we need to ensure that the fees being paid are proportionate to the services being provided," he said. The Football League's regulations on agent fees have been in force since 2008, and the latest figures show that the amount being spent on agents fees has decreased by around £5 million from the peak in 2013/14. While some may argue that any money spent on agents is money that could have been spent on developing young players or investing in youth academies, the reality is that agents play a significant role in modern football. As long as they continue to provide a valuable service to clubs, the fees they receive are likely to remain a contentious issue for some time to come.