article: Beijing (CNN) -- China's first space laboratory module launched Thursday, according to state-run media, an important milestone in China's plan to build a space station. China's Xinhua news agency showed a picture of President Hu Jintao watching the launch of Tiangong-1 at Beijing Aerospace Control Center along with Communist Party officials. Tiangong means "heavenly palace" in Chinese. It lifted off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in Gansu Province, northwest China. The module was on a carrier rocket, called the Long March 2F T1. The 8.5-ton lab module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities, essential for the operation of a manned space platform. Opinion: Make China our new partner in space . Wu Ping, spokesperson for the China Manned Space Engineering Project, told a press conference before the launch that the effective volume of the experiment module is about 15 cubic meters, which could potentially accommodate three astronauts. Tiangong-1 was originally scheduled to launch at the end of August but was postponed after the failure of another satellite launch. When the module successfully enters its low Earth orbit, an unmanned spacecraft -- Shenzhou-8 -- will be sent into space to dock with it. The two spacecraft will fly for about 12 days after the first docking, before conducting another docking test at an appropriate time in flight, Xinhua reported. After the two tests, the Shenzhou-8 will return to Earth and the Tiangong-1 will rise to its original orbit to wait for the next docking test. China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003, the first stage in a "three-step" strategy to develop its manned engineering project. The launch of Tiangong-1 is the second step. If successful, it will be followed by the last phase: to build a permanent space lab that will allow astronauts to conduct long-term space experiments. "It is of great significance for the realization of the three-step Strategy of China Manned Space Engineering Project and the promotion of sustainable development of manned space flight." said Wu. According to Xinhua, Beijing hopes to build a space station by around 2020. China is not part of the project that maintains the International Space Station (ISS), which currently orbits the Earth conducting experiments in a range of fields, from physics to astronomy. The ISS is a joint venture between NASA, Russia's RKA space agency, Japan's Aerospace Exploration Agency, the European Space Agency and the Canadian CSA.
highlights: NEW: China launches the space lab module Tiangong-1, which means "heavenly palace" in Chinese . The 8.5-ton module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities . China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003, part of a "three-step" strategy to develop a space station .
id: ededf70987a0a2942f77fe98efff3e29ab4ea179
chatgpt: China has announced the successful launch of its new space lab module, Tiangong-1, which means "heavenly palace" in Chinese. The 8.5-ton module is part of an experimental program aimed at testing China’s space rendezvous and docking capabilities. The launch took place on the Long March-2F carrier rocket on September 29, 2011, from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in northwest China. According to reports, the launch went smoothly, and Tiangong-1 was separated from the rocket about 10 minutes after the launch. China's space program has grown significantly over the years, with the country sending its first astronaut, Yang Liwei, into space in 2003. This was part of China's "three-step" strategy to develop a space station that would ultimately rival the International Space Station (ISS) operated by the United States, Russia, Europe, Japan, and Canada. The successful launch of Tiangong-1 marks a significant milestone in China's space program, as it will allow China to conduct space experiments and research using its own facilities. This achievement is also notable as the module is large enough to accommodate up to three astronauts, which will enable China to start conducting longer missions in space. Tiangong-1 is equipped with various scientific instruments, including a materials science experiment, a docking mechanism, and an airlock, among others. The experiments will include research into the effects of space radiation on electronic equipment, as well as testing of a new propulsion system that will allow spacecraft to change orbit. China has been rapidly expanding its space capabilities in recent years, including launching several spacecraft, landing missions on the moon, and developing a new rocket for future manned missions. The country is also planning to launch its first Mars mission in the next few years, marking another significant milestone in China's space program. Analysts say that China's space program has several strategic objectives, including boosting national pride and demonstrating its technological prowess on the world stage. The space program is also seen as a key part of China's long-term strategic plan to become a major global power. In conclusion, the successful launch of Tiangong-1 is a significant milestone for China's space program, and the module will play an important role in expanding China's capabilities in space research and exploration. With this launch, China has taken another significant step towards its goal of developing a space station that rivals the ISS.