article: (CNN) -- "Even if I could physically do it ... I wouldn't want to go onto another Games because this has been as good as it can get at an Olympics," says Chris Hoy, Britain's champion cyclist. The 36-year-old Scot, who picked up two gold medals at London 2012, says the home support has been incredible and couldn't be replicated in Rio. "The only thing I'd like to continue on to is the Commonwealth Games in two year's time because that will be another home Games in Glasgow and the perfect way to end my career," he said. Hoy completed his Olympic odyssey with victory in the Keirin on the final day of competition in the velodrome last Tuesday -- a win which preceded an emotional medal ceremony. "The night before I was watching Felix Sanchez get his medal in the 400m hurdles. I've never met the guy, but just seeing the raw emotion, the sheer delight and release ... I was welling up myself. So I think I knew when I got up there (on the podium) that it was going to be emotional moment for me," Hoy told CNN. Cycling's glamor girl Pendleton ponders next career move . Hoy's tally of six gold medals sees him become Britain's most decorated Olympian, overhauling rower Steve Redgrave's total of five. Since the competition finished in the velodrome, Hoy, the fastest man on two wheels, has had the chance to watch the fastest man on two legs, Usain Bolt. "I was fortunate enough to see him in action (in the 200m final). I've seen him many times before on TV, but you never get an idea of just how impressive the performances are until you see them live," Hoy said. Bolt, he says, is the face of the Games and an Olympic icon, but the Olympics isn't about just one person. "It's about stories, individual stories -- whether it's defeat or success. Human stories, that's what makes the Games special," Hoy said. "It's as much about these emotional moments as they are about the gold medal-winning athletes."
highlights: Champion cyclist Chris Hoy says London 2012 are "as good as it can get at an Olympics" Two golds in the velodrome give him a tally of six golds making him Briton's most successful Olympian . Hoy .
id: 0e4bc29471e4ffa620e415545bc346125978579a
chatgpt: Chris Hoy, the champion cyclist, has described the London 2012 Olympics as being "as good as it can get at an Olympics." Hoy made the comments after concluding his Olympic career with two gold medals, adding to his already impressive tally of four from the previous Olympics. With six gold medals in total, Chris Hoy has now become Britain's most successful Olympian, surpassing the previous record of five gold medals held jointly by Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Bradley Wiggins. The Scot won both of his gold medals in the velodrome, first in the team sprint alongside teammates Philip Hindes and Jason Kenny, and then in the individual keirin. Hoy's performances in London confirmed his place as one of the greatest track cyclists of all time. Speaking after his final race, Chris Hoy said: "It's tough to take it all in right now, but that was one of the toughest competitions I've ever been a part of. To come away with two golds, I couldn't have asked for more. It's been an amazing journey and I'm so grateful for all the support I've received over the years." Hoy first competed in the Olympics in Sydney in 2000, where he won a silver medal in the team sprint. He then went on to win gold in the same event in Athens in 2004, before adding two more golds in Beijing in 2008. His performances over the years have not only earned him sporting greatness, but also the admiration of his peers and fans. He has become a national hero in his home country of Scotland and a symbol of excellence for athletes around the world. As Chris Hoy draws the curtain on his Olympic career, the question is now being asked as to who will step up to take his place as the star of British cycling. With several young riders already making their mark at this year's Olympics, the future of British cycling looks bright. But for now, we can only pay tribute to one of the greats of the sport, and acknowledge the incredible achievements of Chris Hoy, Britain's most successful Olympian.