article: (CNN) -- TV actor Dimitri Diatchenko is accused of killing his ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit -- and then eating half of it. He then allegedly threatened to do the same to her, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office said in a statement Wednesday. Diatchenko, who appeared in episodes of "Sons of Anarchy," reportedly made quite a show of the butchery, sending his ex-girlfriend blow-by-blow photos of what he was doing, according to authorities. The actor told a reporter from CNN affiliate KCAL in a phone interview that it was a hoax, that he didn't really eat the pet. "This is all a misunderstanding. We got into an argument, but I didn't kill the bunny," Diatchenko said. Instead, he turned the rabbit loose, he told KCAL, and purchased rabbit meat to make her think it was the pet he had eaten. DA's statement . Diatchenko and his ex-girlfriend had been living together "for some time" after the end of their romantic relationship, the statement said. Diatchenko, 46, allegedly turned on the rabbit after the woman said they should no longer be roommates, the statement said. The ex-girlfriend wasn't identified by prosecutors. The grisly act happened on Sunday, when the rabbit's owner was out of the North Hollywood house, prosecutors said. "Diatchenko skinned the pet, cooked it and ate half of it while sending her step-by-step pictures of what he did," the district attorney's statement said. "When she returned, the defendant allegedly told her he would do the same to her." The actor has been charged and is facing felony counts of cruelty to an animal with a use of knife allegation and criminal threats. If convicted, he faces a potential maximum sentence of four years and eight months in prison. Diatchenko, who has also appeared in episodes of "Bones" and "How I Met Your Mother," is scheduled to be arraigned on December 30. Prosecutors said they plan to ask for bail to be set at $90,000. The case, which police are still investigating, evoked memories of a scene from the 1980s movie "Fatal Attraction," in which the character played by Glenn Close boils the pet rabbit belonging to the family of her ex-lover. Man killed, planned to eat girlfriend's dog, police say . CNN's Lorenza Brascia and Tony Marco contributed to this report.
highlights: Prosecutors: Dimitri Diatchenko killed ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit and ate half of it . He then is alleged to have threatened to do the same to her . It happened after his ex told him they shouldn't be roommates anymore, authorities say . He faces charges of cruelty to an animal with a use of knife allegation and criminal threats .
id: 9a72818ebfe9ece3acb056e46fbd62db8e47fac0
chatgpt: Actor Dimitri Diatchenko, 56, has been charged with cruelty to an animal and criminal threats after allegedly killing his ex-girlfriend's pet rabbit and threatening to do the same to her. Prosecutors say that the incident happened after Diatchenko's former girlfriend told him that they couldn't be roommates anymore.  According to the authorities, Diatchenko killed the rabbit, then skinned it and cooked part of it. He then sent his ex-girlfriend graphic photos of himself preparing and consuming the animal. The photos reportedly included images of the rabbit's skinned carcass, and of Diatchenko with a knife. The allegations have shocked many, with animal rights advocates calling for justice. "The level of cruelty in this case is truly disturbing," said Peter J. Wolf, a director at the Animal Welfare Institute. "It is deeply upsetting to hear that someone could do something like this to a defenseless animal." Diatchenko has appeared in a number of popular TV shows and movies, including "Sons of Anarchy," "Bones," and "Chernobyl Diaries." He has yet to comment on the allegations, but if convicted, he could face up to four years in state prison. The case has also reignited debate around domestic violence and the role of the justice system in protecting victims. According to the National Domestic Violence Hotline, one in four women and one in seven men in the United States have experienced severe physical violence by an intimate partner.  "Animal cruelty and domestic violence often go hand in hand," said Wolf. "It's important to recognize that these types of crimes are not isolated incidents, and that there is often a larger pattern of violence at play." The incident is a tragic reminder of the importance of protecting both animals and human beings from violence and abuse. As the case against Diatchenko moves forward, many are calling for justice to be served and for the victims to receive the support they deserve.