article: Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has promised to kick out any player guilty of racism but defended Giuseppe Bellusci against Norwich striker Cameron Jerome’s claims. The Football Association are investigating Jerome’s allegation of racist abuse by the Leeds defender during the 1-1 draw at Carrow Road on Tuesday. Jerome complained to referee Mark Clattenburg that he was racially insulted by the 25-year-old Italian in the first half. VIDEO Scroll down to watch FA investigate Jerome racism claim . Cameron Jerome and Leeds' Guiseppe Bellusci clash during the first half of Norwich's draw with Leeds . Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has defended Bellusci after Tuesday night's clash . Referee Mark Clattenburg will submit his report as the FA investigate the claim from Jerome . VIDEO FA investigate Jerome racism claim . But Cellino insists Bellusci, a summer signing from Catania, said nothing of a racist nature. ‘Bellusci is no racist,’ Cellino told the Yorkshire Evening Post. ‘I spoke with him and he said, “You must be joking, I said nothing like this to him”. ‘I don’t allow racists at this club and I won’t allow racists at this club ever. If one of my players is a racist, I’ll kick him out before the FA has a chance. ‘Bellusci says he spoke (to Jerome) in Italian. I don’t know if he (Jerome) speaks Italian too but Bellusci swears to me he said nothing racist. I believe him and I’ll support him.’ Jerome said on Twitter he would not publicly reveal what was said and would leave it to the FA. ‘I made (an allegation) to the referee which he will write in his match report,’ he said. Norwich's joy was shortlived when Leeds' Souleymane Doukara levelled the scores four minutes later . Norwich captain Martin heads home just before the hour mark to put his side ahead against Leeds . Martin punches the air in celebration after his header put Norwich 1-0 up on Tuesday night . Norwich players celebrate after Martin put them ahead on 59 minutes .
highlights: Cameron Jerome claims he was racially abused by Giuseppe Bellusci . Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has defended his player . Referee Mark Clattenburg spoke to the Leeds defender . He also spoke to both managers and will submit his report to the FA . The FA have confirmed they will investigate the incident . The Championship clash finished 1-1 at Carrow Road .
id: 8131b83801a872ab9a30e2ea944a1fe232221bd8
chatgpt: Norwich City's Cameron Jerome claims he was racially abused by Leeds United's Giuseppe Bellusci during a highly charged Championship match at Carrow Road that finished 1-1. The allegation was immediately refuted by the Leeds owner Massimo Cellino. The FA have confirmed they will investigate the incident and referee Mark Clattenburg is said to have spoken to both managers and will submit his report to the governing body. Jerome, who scored Norwich's equalizer in the game, made his claims against Bellusci in the 54th minute of the match after the Italian was seen to be engaged in a heated exchange of words with the Norwich striker. The matter was later reported to the referee who immediately halted play and took Bellusci aside. Leeds' owner Cellino was quick to defend his player and told reporters after the match that Bellusci was "not the kind of person who would make racist comments". However, the Italian Football Federation had previously banned Bellusci for one game after he was found guilty of racist abuse in a match for Catania in 2013. The FA have confirmed that they will investigate the allegations made by Jerome against Bellusci who, it has been reported, vehemently denies making any racist comments. It is expected that referee Mark Clattenburg's report will form an important part of the FA's investigation. The incident has further heightened tensions between the two teams who have a history of ill-feeling going back to the time when Cellino's attempt to buy the Canaries was rejected by the club's board. The heated exchanges between the two sides spilled over onto the pitch with both teams finishing the game with ten men. Norwich manager Alex Neil was circumspect about the incident but said that his player had clearly heard something that he deemed to be racially abusive. Leeds' boss Uwe Rosler refused to comment on the claims, stating that he would wait for the FA's investigation to clear the matter up. The allegations of racism have once again highlighted the problem of racism in football which has become an increasingly high profile issue in recent years. While there have been incidents of racism in football, the game has also seen a concerted effort by governing bodies and clubs to combat the problem, with punishments ranging from fines to bans for both players and supporters who engage in racist behaviour.