article: (CNN) -- Michelle Wie clung on to a share of the lead at the U.S. Women's Open Saturday as the former teenage prodigy bids for her first major title after a series of near misses. Wie shot a two-over 72 on the testing Pinehurst No.2 course, which was used for the men's U.S. Open won by Martin Kaymer last week. It left her on two-under 208 to be joined by South Korea's Amy Yang, who posted a third round two-under 68 with six birdies. "I was hitting the ball really solid today, and I had good speed on the greens," Yang said. "I had a great round today." Wie, now 24, has twice led her national open going into the final round, in 2005 and 2006, but finished tied for 23rd and tied third respectively. In fine form in 2014, Wie finished second in the opening major of the season, the Kraft Nabisco Championship, and won the LPGA Lotte Championship in April. She led after two opening rounds of 68, but admitted she had to "grind it out" during her third round. Asked about her prospects of victory Sunday, Wie remained non-committal. "I'm just grateful to have another opportunity," she told Sky Sports. "I'm going to play as well as I can and hope for the best." Wie might have held a one-shot lead but missed a 10-foot birdie putt on the final green, the sort of chances which were being holed on the first two days. In a tournament which was dominated at the start by the astonishing feat of 11-year-old Lucy Li in qualifying for the championship, 53-year-old Juli Inkster struck a blow for the diminishing band of veteran players on the LPGA Tour. American Inkster carded a best of the day 66 to join the group tied for third on two-over, which also included Australian amateur Minjee Lee, South Korean Choi Na-Yeon and Northern Ireland's Stephanie Meadow. Inkster, playing her 35th U.S. Open, has won seven majors and is set to retire at the end of the season.
highlights: Michelle Wie tied for lead at U.S. Women's Open . Cards two-over 72 in third round at Pinehurst . Amy Yang draws level at two-under after a 68 . Veteran Juli Inkster charges into contention with a 66 .
id: 0d7f5a1f6ada1f9fa8ac702e69152efd09b1fa0f
chatgpt: Michelle Wie, the American professional golfer, has put herself in a great position to win the U.S. Women's Open after tying for the lead yesterday at Pinehurst. Wie, who has previously finished in the top five in five of the previous ten U.S. Women's Open, is looking to cap off her impressive career with a championship. During the third round on Saturday, Wie carded a two-over 72, which was not her best performance, but it was enough to keep her tied for the top spot. She had three bogeys on the back nine but rallied with birdies on the 11th and 15th holes. Amy Yang, the South Korean professional golfer, also drew level at two-under after a solid performance yesterday. Yang, who is looking for her first major title, carded a 68 to put herself in a great position to contend for the championship. However, the biggest surprise of the day was the performance by veteran Juli Inkster. The 53-year-old American golfer, who has won seven LPGA major championships, charged into contention with a sizzling six-under 66, the best round of the championship so far. She started the day at two-over but managed to make six birdies and no bogeys over 18 holes to put herself just three shots back of the leaders. Inkster's performance impressed everyone, including Wie who said that she had a "lot of respect" for the veteran golfer. Wie also thinks that the final round will be "very exciting" because there are many players who are in contention for the championship. Other golfers who performed well in the third round include Stephanie Meadow, the Northern Irish professional golfer, who carded a 69 to put herself just one shot back of the leaders. Meanwhile, Na Yeon Choi, the South Korean professional golfer, is three shots back after carding a 71. With so many golfers in contention, the final round at Pinehurst promises to be exciting. Will Wie cap off her impressive career with her first U.S. Women's Open championship or will a newer player like Yang or Meadow snatch the title away? Or, will the evergreen Juli Inkster surprise everyone and come out on top? Only time will tell.