article: By . Oliver Todd . Follow @@oliver_todd . The completion of James Rodriguez £60million transfer to Real Madrid completes the most frightening, and most expensive trio in world football. In fact, when added to Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo's £86m and £80m deals, Real can now boast an attacking midfield that costs more than the transfer spend of Dutch giants Ajax in their entire 114-year history. The four-time European Cup winners have spent just £183million on transfers - £43million less than the Real cash splashed out on the expensively-assembled trio. VIDEO Scroll down to watch James Rodriguez giving the thumbs-up during his medical . Expensive: £86m Gareth Bale . Rich: £60m James Rodriguez . Pricey: £80m Cristiano Ronaldo . Reach for the stars: James Rodriguez is the final piece in the most expensive team in world football . Two become three: Bale and Ronaldo will have to make room for one more superstar in the Madrid XI . While Ajax's record signing was £13million Miralem Sulejmani, only Marcelo (£5m, signed aged 19), Raphael Varane (£8m, aged 18), Daniel Carvajal (£4m, aged 21) and Diego Lopes (£3m) cost less from next year's expected Real starting XI . Madrid have a history of expensive signings from the Galactico era, but the class of 2014 put even the likes of Zinedine Zidane, David Beckham and Luis Figo to shame. Even Barcelona, who added £75million Luis Suarez to the £71million purchase of Neymar this summer, don't come close - although the disparity is helped by the inclusion of La Masia product Lionel Messi, whose transfer fee in today's market could help Barca make up the £80million gap. And so as Rodriguez dons a Real shirt for the first time on Tuesday evening, he completes a staggering £226million line-up that will leave the money men as opened-mouthed as the defenders who will likely be chasing shadows in La Liga next season. Low budget: The lack of funds spent at Ajax didn't stop Johan Cruyff and Patrick Kluivert from lifting trophies . Famous faces: Cruyff, pictured during his playing days for Ajax, where he came through the academy . Difference: Freebie Messi . Close: £76m Suarez . Not cheap: £70m Neymar .
highlights: £86m Gareth Bale, £80m Cristiano Ronaldo and £60m James Rodriguez make up the expensively-assembled trio behind the striker . The famous Dutch side have spent £43m less in their 114-year history . Real own three of the five most expensive players of all-time . Barcelona's most expensive trio of Neymar (£71m), Luis Suarez (£75m) and Lionel Messi don't come close due to the latter's academy upbringing .
id: 4ccd75a7e6ff62d53be36a1bd02abc1834715f77
chatgpt: Real Madrid’s expensively-assembled attacking trio of Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo, and James Rodriguez forms the backbone of their formidable squad. The three players were signed for a combined fee of £226m. At £86m, Bale is the most expensive signing ever made by the Spanish giants. Ronaldo comes in at a close second with a transfer fee of £80m. While James Rodriguez, who was signed from AS Monaco in 2014, cost the club £60m. This trio has been instrumental in leading Real Madrid to numerous domestic and international titles. They have formed a potent attacking force that is feared by opponents across the world. Despite the high cost of these players, Real Madrid has made a significant return on investment. The club has won four Champions League titles and two La Liga titles in the last decade. They have become one of the most dominant teams in world football. It is interesting to note that the famous Dutch side Ajax Amsterdam have spent only £43m less in their 114-year history than Real spent on this trio. This demonstrates the sheer amount of money that football clubs in today's world are willing to spend to bring in top-class players.  Real Madrid’s domination in world football is further highlighted by the fact that they own three of the five most expensive players of all time. The other two are Neymar of Paris Saint-Germain and Kylian Mbappe of AS Monaco. Both of these players were signed for more than £164m each, making them the most expensive signings in football history. In contrast, Barcelona’s most expensive trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez, and Neymar cost £71m, £75m and £71m respectively. The fact that Messi was brought up in the Barcelona academy led to him being signed for a relatively small fee, which has worked out well for the club as he has gone on to become one of the greatest footballers of all time. Overall, the high cost of these players demonstrates the intense competition in world football, where clubs are willing to splurge millions of pounds to acquire the best possible talent. Real Madrid’s success shows that this strategy can pay off if done correctly, and with the right players, clubs can dominate at the highest level of the sport.