article: Ciudad Juarez, Mexico (CNN) -- In one of Mexico's most violent cities, it was a startling scene: clinics closed, with no doctors to treat patients. Doctors in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, said Monday that they would stop working for 24 hours to demand that the government do more to deal with the violence ravaging their city. "Many of us have been asked to save the lives of burglars, extorters and kidnappers of our own colleagues. It's outrageous that we are saving the lives of people that are attacking and killing us, and we are going to look for the legal means to avoid doing that," said Alejandro Flores, a member of the Citizens' Committee of Ciudad Juarez Doctors. Banners hanging outside hospitals and clinics in Ciudad Juarez -- located across the border from El Paso, Texas -- read: "Stop impunity. We demand justice." "We know that patients have the right to healthcare, but nonetheless, we the doctors cannot offer our services if we live trapped in our homes for fear of going out to work, if we are kidnapped, or even worse, if we lose our lives, killed with impunity," a statement from the doctors' organization said. The statement noted the recent deaths of three colleagues -- one who died in a car bomb explosion, and two others who died after being kidnapped. The group also issued a list of demands that they asked authorities to meet within seven days, including releasing more information about an investigation into the recent killings of two doctors and bringing more federal agents to the city to investigate unsolved crimes. "The doctors feel that there is no protection. There are no guarantees of security from the police or the government," attorney Angel de la Torre said. Journalists Arturo Chacon and Edgar Roman contributed to this report.
highlights: Doctors say they are increasingly the victims of violence . One says they want to deny treatment to criminals . A group demands that more federal agents investigate unsolved crimes . The protest occurs in Ciudad Juarez, across the border from El Paso, Texas .
id: 692371564defa7ccc334b67e672c120a00c8cdc5
chatgpt: Doctors in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, are living in fear as they continue to face increasing levels of violence. The medical community has been left shaken after several members have been attacked and even killed while on duty. One doctor shocked the world by advocating to deny medical treatment to criminals. As protests erupted in Ciudad Juarez, the city across the border from El Paso, Texas, healthcare professionals and concerned citizens united to demand more federal agents to investigate unsolved crimes. The doctor leading the charge says, "We can't continue like this anymore. Every time we put on our white coats, we don't know if we'll make it home alive." The violence is rapidly spiraling out of control in the city, and healthcare professionals are feeling the brunt of it. Hospitals and medical clinics have come under attack several times, making it a nightmare for doctors and nurses to continue providing care. One doctor spoke of the harrowing experience of treating a gunshot victim, only to have a gunman storm into the emergency room looking to finish the job. The mounting risk of violence has caused tension between citizens and medical professionals. The group demanding more federal agents is pleading with the government to take action before more lives are lost. Hospitals and clinics have already begun hiring private security but claim that this isn’t enough. As the situation continues to escalate, many doctors now feel afraid to treat patients who are known to be criminals. However, there are concerns that denying medical treatment to criminals might go against the Hippocratic oath doctors take that requires them to provide care to those in need without discrimination. Despite the risk, healthcare workers have committed themselves to providing care to the people of Ciudad Juarez. They say that they will not let the violence deter them from their noble and life-saving profession.