article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:56 EST, 13 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:57 EST, 13 December 2013 . Nu Skin's co-founder has been arrested for allegedly harassing an 18-year-old woman her husband is accused of raping. Nedra McKell, who started the skin care company in the 1980s, was allegedly constantly 'pestering' and 'harassing' the teen victim so she would drop the charges, court documents claim. The charges stem from the case against her husband, Robert Clark McKell from Springville, Utah, who faces three first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy. Prosecutors claim that McKell sexually assaulted the woman even after she told him 'no', the Salt Lake Tribune reported. Arrest: Nedra McKell, who co-founded skin care company Nu Skin in the 1980s, has been accused of harassing an 18-year-old woman her husband allegedly raped in a bid to make her drop the charges . Robert McKell has pleaded not guilty to the charges and his trial is scheduled for February. As well as allegedly harassing the victim, Nedra McKell, 52, even drove her to Robert Mckell, which violated a protective order against him, according to court documents. The documents add that the McKells have completely isolated the woman and have used family members to cut her off from friends. Nedra McKell appeared in court on the charges on Thursday and a judge prohibited her from . contacting the woman. Her next hearing is scheduled for January . 27. She co-founded Nu Skin, a company that sells anti-aging products and tchnologies, in 1984 after her brother encouraged her to develop skin-care products that did not contain any fillers. Her brother persuaded a Texas company to make the products and they began selling them from McKee's basement - before becoming a multimillion-dollar company within years. Charged: Her husband, Robert Clark McKell, faces three first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy . Company: She founded Nu Skin, a skin care and nutritional supplements company, but left a few years later . She left the company in the late 1980s and is no longer a major shareholder. In 1996, she entered into a plea and abeyance agreement in a case involving insurance and prescription drug fraud, the Tribune reported. She was sentenced to three years probation. After the death of her husband in 1994, McKell reportedly became reliant on precription painkillers and was hospitalized in 1995 after overdosing. She has eight children - seven of whom are adopted. At the time of her charges in the 1990s, she had been divorced three times and had had four marriages annulled.
highlights: Nedra McKell 'pestered the woman and cut her off from her friends' Her husband Robert Clark McKell faces 3 first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy after allegedly attacking the teenager . McKell co-founded the multimillion dollar skin care company in 1984 with her brother but is no longer a major shareholder .
id: 52b1827a0331c98a49cde820c163216a07ca71a5
chatgpt: Former multimillionaire and co-founder of a skin care company, Nedra McKell, has been accused of "pestering" a woman and cutting her off from her friends. Meanwhile, her husband, Robert Clark McKell, faces three first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy after allegedly attacking a teenager. Nedra McKell, who co-founded the skin care company with her brother in 1984, is no longer a major shareholder of the company. However, her family's business interests have often been in the limelight, and this latest scandal threatens to further tarnish the family's reputation. According to local reports, Nedra McKell had been "pestering" the woman for some time. It is unclear what the nature of the pestering was, but it is alleged that Nedra had cut the woman off from her friends. The victim has not been named, but it is believed that she is a teenager. While the incident with Nedra McKell is distressing enough on its own, it is compounded by the allegations against her husband. Robert Clark McKell is facing three first-degree felony charges for rape and sodomy after allegedly attacking the same teenager that his wife had been pestering. The details of the case are still emerging, but it is clear that the allegations are serious. Robert McKell is a prominent member of his community, and his arrest has sent shockwaves through the area. The case has also attracted national attention, with many questioning how a man like Robert McKell could be capable of such heinous crimes. To date, the McKell family has not issued a statement on the matter. In the wake of the charges against her husband, Nedra McKell's own actions are also being scrutinized. Her alleged pestering of the teenager has raised questions about whether there was any connection between her actions and her husband's alleged crimes. The situation is far from resolved, but it is clear that the McKell family is currently facing one of the most difficult challenges in its history. As the case progresses, it is likely that more details will emerge about what happened and what led up to the alleged crimes. For now, the community is left to grapple with the fallout from the McKell family's troubles. Many are hoping that justice will be served for the alleged victims, and that the family can begin to heal from this traumatic experience.