article: This is the dramatic moment a man jumped in front of an oncoming train to stop it from hitting a woman who had fallen onto the track. The man, an off-duty Transportation Security Administration worker, saw the woman stuck and immediately rushed to try and bring the subway train approaching Chicago Avenue station in Illinois to a halt. Luckily, for the woman, and the man carrying out the rescue, the incoming train stopped just short of the pair and they were able to be pulled to safety by the other commuters. Scroll down for video . A man jumped into the path of an incoming train to save a woman who ended up on the track . The man, who risked his life to save that of the woman's was later named as 50-year-old Eddie Palacios, a father of two. He told the website DNAinfo: 'It was really nothing. It was nothing, in the sense .. I have took myself in the mirror and I have to look at myself and feel good about myself. 'The young lady fell. As soon as she fell, I jumped on top of the train [tracks] to make sure that they saw her because I have an orange shirt.' But after his heroics, it is said that Mr Palacios quickly left the scene and boarded another train. The train driver noticed the pair on the track and stopped just short of the woman and the man who saved her . The incident happened on Wednesday at 11.03 am in front of other commuters waiting for a blue line service at the busy station. It is thought the train was just 30 feet away from the platform when the woman, who was reported as staggering around slipped on to the track. This prompted screams from other passengers in the station before the footage shows the man, wearing an orange jacket, waving his arms in a bid to get the train to stop. Afterwards a small amount of blood can be seen on the platform and it was reported she was taken to St Mary Hospital, where her condition is unknown. The man, pictured, was later named as 50-year-old Eddie Palacios. He said his orange jacket helped draw the train drivers attention to the situation . Commuters also helped to pull the woman back on to the platform after the train stopped .
highlights: The woman was in the path of an oncoming subway train in Chicago . But a man jumped onto the track and waved for the train to stop . Train stops comes to halt just before the pair and are both pulled to safety .
id: 8bf791f6f9a5863f141eb91b778acf8ab69e575e
chatgpt: A woman in Chicago was rescued from certain tragedy thanks to the bravery of a quick-thinking commuter. According to witnesses, the woman was standing on the subway tracks and was in the direct path of an oncoming train. But just as the train was about to collide with her, a man jumped down onto the tracks and began frantically waving his arms to get the train conductor’s attention. The train driver reacted quickly and hit the brakes, bringing the train to a screeching halt mere inches from the woman. Passengers on the train said that they could hear the sound of the brakes grinding against the tracks as the train came to a stop. The rescuer then helped the woman to safety, and both were able to climb back up onto the platform unharmed. Emergency services arrived promptly, and both individuals were checked over by medical personnel. Luckily, neither were seriously injured in the incident. Police officials who arrived on the scene praised the heroic actions of the man who had risked his own safety to save the woman. “If it wasn’t for his quick thinking and courage, this could have been a much more dire situation,” said one officer on the scene. “It’s important that we take a moment to recognize the bravery of people like this who step up in times of crisis.” The identity of the rescuer has not yet been released, but many speculate that he may have been a commuter headed to or from work. The event caused significant disruption to the subway service, with trains delayed or redirected for several hours as police and rescue services investigated the incident. This is not the first time that a heroic act has been committed on the railway tracks. In recent years, a number of individuals have come forward to offer their help in saving others who have fallen onto the tracks. Many have risked injury or even death to help, with some sadly paying the ultimate price for their bravery. The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of looking out for one another and stepping in to help when we can. In a world that can often feel dangerous and unpredictable, it’s heartening to know that there are people out there who are willing to put themselves on the line for the safety of others. For the woman in Chicago who was saved by a kind stranger, this will undoubtedly be a day that she will never forget. But thanks to the actions of one brave soul, she will live to see another day, and her story will serve as a testament to the power of human kindness and selflessness.