article: Srinagar, India (CNN) -- The Hizbul Mujahedeen militant group has claimed responsibility for the Wednesday morning attack on an Indian paramilitary camp in Srinagar in Kashmir province. Five Indian officers died at the police training camp, authorities said. It was the first attack in the city of Srinagar in at least three years, CNN's sister network IBN reported. A Hizbul Mujahedeen spokesman told a local news agency that two militants carried out "the guerrilla attack" and warned that "the outfit will carry on such attacks in (the) future also." The attack comes a month after the execution in India of a Kashmir militant who led an attack on the nation's parliament in 2001. Nine people were killed in that incident. Since Mohammed Afzal Guru's execution, his supporters in Srinagar have demanded through protest that his body be returned. Authorities in India have accused Pakistan of backing Guru's attack, which led to a massive mobilization of troops by the two nuclear neighbors along their tense borders. Pakistan denied involvement. Indian Home Secretary R.K. Singh -- who said three civilians and five police officers also were injured in the Srinagar attack -- said Wednesday he believes the attackers came from Pakistan. They "appeared ... to be not local, but from across the border," he said in New Delhi. But Pakistan's Foreign Office dismissed India's charge. "Pakistan strongly rejects any allegations made about its involvement in the incident in Kashmir on Wednesday," spokesman Moazzam Ahmed Khan said. That stance was repeated in a Pakistani government press release, which added, "We feel that this trend of making irresponsible statements and knee-jerk reactions by senior Indian government functionaries have the potential of undermining the efforts made by both sides to normalize relation between the two countries." Kashmir has been disputed territory between India and Pakistan since the two countries separated in 1947 after a costly war. Militants supporting Pakistan have been fighting for more than 20 years against Indian rule in the parts controlled by that country, which has a mostly Muslim population. The insurgency has killed more than 43,000 people, but some human rights groups and nongovernmental organizations put the death toll at twice that. The two attackers in the Wednesday incident were killed, said Omar Abdullah, the chief minister of the Indian-administered Kashmir. Journalist Mukhtar Ahmad reported from Srinagar and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report.
highlights: The Hizbul Mujahedeen militant group claims responsibility and warns of further attacks . It is the first attack in Srinagar in a few years, a CNN sister network reports . Tensions have grown in Kashmir since the execution in India of a militant from the province . Kashmir has been the scene of separatist violence for years .
id: 9f5affd750d740ba3c53762ed99cb657d8b9e71b
chatgpt: In a disturbing development, a militant group called Hizbul Mujahedeen has claimed responsibility for a recent attack in Srinagar. This marks the first time in several years that the city has been targeted. Tensions in the region have been running high ever since the Indian government executed a local militant from Kashmir. According to a report from CNN's sister network, the attack took place on Tuesday morning. A group of militants stormed a police post in the center of the city, opening fire on the officers stationed there. The resulting gun battle lasted for several hours, leaving four officers dead and several others wounded. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for Hizbul Mujahedeen said that the group had carried out the attack. They warned that there would be further attacks in the coming weeks as tensions in the region continue to escalate. The group's message was one of defiance, insisting that the Indian government could not suppress the struggle for Kashmiri independence. Kashmir has long been a hotbed of separatist violence, with various militant groups carrying out attacks against Indian security forces. The region has been the site of a longstanding territorial dispute between India and Pakistan, with both countries claiming sovereignty over the province. The attack in Srinagar comes just weeks after the Indian government executed a Kashmiri militant named Afzal Guru. Guru had been convicted of involvement in a 2001 attack on India's parliament, and his execution sparked outrage among many Kashmiris. The move was seen as a deliberate provocation by the Indian authorities, and tensions have been high in the region ever since. The Hizbul Mujahedeen is one of the largest militant groups operating in Kashmir, and it has been responsible for a number of attacks in the region over the years. The group is widely believed to have links with Pakistan's intelligence agencies, although Islamabad denies any involvement. India has accused Pakistan of sponsoring terrorism in Kashmir, a charge that Pakistan denies. Security forces in the region have been placed on high alert following the attack, and there are fears that further violence could erupt in the coming days. The Indian government has vowed to crack down on militant activity in the region, but it remains to be seen whether this will be enough to end the cycle of violence that has plagued Kashmir for decades.