article: A new Syrian airline plans to fly out of Damascus to destinations across the Middle East despite a three year civil war which has devastated the region. Esmail Sharaf, vice commercial manager, said Kinda Airlines will operate out of Damascus International Airport and the coastal city of Latakia. It aims to fly to more than 10 destinations within a year, including the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Iraq, and 'hopefully Lebanon and Jordan'. Syrian army tanks are seen deployed in the Jobar neighbourhood of Damascus . He said the company had registered a Boeing 737-400 from Jordan Aviation and signed a contract for an Airbus 320 with Aeolus Air, a company registered in Gambia and with offices in the United Arab Emirates. Syria's civil war has killed more than 140,000 people since it started in 2011. Sharaf said there had been a lot of demand for a second carrier other than the national airline Syrianair, which he said had flown out of Damascus throughout the conflict. 'Damascus (airport) has been very safe in the last six or seven months,' he said. Kinda Airlines' debut flight was first scheduled for January. It then put back until April 1 but now wont happen until May 1 due to 'documents that are not ready and some paperwork inside Syria.' Flames and smoke raise from burning cars after two bombs exploded, at Qazaz neighborhood in Damascus, Syria . The start-up has also had to deal with wide-ranging European Union, Arab League and U.S. sanctions on Syria. Syrianair has had to ground planes in the past when it was unable to buy new parts for its fleet. '(Sanctions are) making it very, very difficult. Hopefully we have passed through all these difficulties,' Sharaf said. Syrianair maintained a 40-year monopoly until 2008, when parliament approved the creation of Syrian Pearl Airways (SPA), a venture by Rami Makhlouf, Assad's cousin, who is under sanctions. SPA closed only a month after it launched when the Spanish company which leased its planes had to terminate contracts due to U.S. sanctions. Sharaf said Kinda Airlines' three main shareholders were all private Syrian citizens.
highlights: Aims to fly to more than 10 destinations within a year including the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Iraq . He said the company had registered a Boeing 737-400 from Jordan Aviation . Syria's civil war has killed more than 140,000 people since it started in 2011 .
id: a1326d53f828ac3d4cfd105356ab953746df6500
chatgpt: A newly-formed Syrian airline is planning to expand its reach to more than 10 destinations within the year, despite a civil war that has claimed the lives of over 140,000 people since its start in 2011. The airline says it has already registered a Boeing 737-400 from Jordan Aviation. The company, which has not yet released its official name, plans to fly to neighboring countries such as the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, and Iraq. Though the airline has not yet detailed its flight routes, it aims to connect Syrian nationals with the outside world, a move welcomed by many in the war-torn country. The announcement has generated a lot of buzz on social media as Syrians expressed their excitement at the prospect of having more travel options. For many, it is an indication of hope and a sign that the country is moving towards a brighter future. There are, however, some skeptics who question the viability of the airline's plan. With the ongoing conflict in Syria, traveling in and out of the country is still risky and unpredictable. Only a limited number of airlines currently serve Syria, and with concerns about safety and security, tourists and businessmen have largely stayed away. Despite these challenges, the founders of the airline are reportedly confident in their plan. They believe that Syrians deserve better options for travel, and that expanding the reach of the airline will help the country once again become a hub for business and tourism. As the airline begins operations, it will be interesting to see how it navigates the complex geopolitical landscape of the region. In a region where tensions can flare up quickly and with little notice, the new airline will need to be nimble and adaptable to succeed. Regardless of the challenges it may face, the emergence of a new airline in Syria is undoubtedly a positive development for the country. For Syrians looking for more options, it is a glimmer of hope for a brighter future. For the founders of the airline, it is a chance to make a difference amid difficult circumstances.