article: An 87-year-old man who cancelled a $2900 cruise because his sister was dying has been refused a refund because she was over 75 and not considered immediate family. Alex Fraser was due to set sail from Sydney on a 16-day cruise around the Pacific Islands on March 2. But the Wollongong resident was forced to cancel the America Holland cruise just two days before when his sister Jean Docherty, 81, was admitted to hospital with stomach cancer. High seas: Alex Fraser was forced to cancel his America Holland cruise from Sydney to the Pacific Islands on March 2 . Mr Fraser's sister died on March 5. Even though he had paid an extra $200 for Vero travel insurance to cover himself in case a relative became ill or died, his refund claim was rejected by the company due to a clause in the product disclosure statement. The policy defines the term 'relative' as an immediate family member under the age of 75. 'Do you think I would sit by the bedside of a strange woman watching her die if she wasn't genetically associated with me,' Mr Fraser told MailOnline. 'I was absolutely flabbergasted. How can (they) say something like that?' The 87-year-old was told he couldn't get a refund on the cruise even though his sister had died because she was over 75 . The grandfather of two provided a medical certificate and doctor's letter to prove Mrs Docherty had been in hospital but the claim was rejected purely based on her age. Vero wrote: 'We acknowledge the late Jean Docherty is your sister and would be considered a relative under the normal dictionary meaning of the word, (but) 'relative' is specifically defined within the policy wording'. 'Relative means an immediate family member… under the age of 75.' Vero's owner Suncorp is planning to overhaul its travel cover, according to the Daily Telegraph. 'We are about to launch a review and upgrade of our range of travel insurance policies, and the policy restrictions involved (in Mr Fraser's case) will definitely be a part of that review,' a spokesman said. While the company said they will discuss the matter with Mr Fraser, he said he hadn't had much luck to date. 'When you try to part a Scotsman with his money you're in trouble,' he said. The grandfather of two had planned the cruise back in December and was set on visiting Fiji and Vanuatu .
highlights: Alex Fraser, 87, cancelled his cruise in March when his sister fell ill . She died a few days later but insurance company won't issue refund . A clause in the policy defines 'relative' as immediate family under 75 .
id: 33f3c2f21848d285b328cdcedce750399feb65dc
chatgpt: An octogenarian man from Australia, Alex Fraser, is currently caught up in a frustrating situation involving his canceled cruise ticket and an insurance company. Mr. Fraser had booked a trip to Japan last March but decided to cancel it when his sister, with whom he had planned to travel, fell ill. Unfortunately, his sister passed away just a few days later. According to Mr. Fraser, he immediately contacted his insurance company to request a refund of his ticket. However, his claim was denied, citing a policy clause that defines "relative" as immediate family members under the age of 75. The insurance company argued that Mr. Fraser's deceased sister falls outside of this definition and thus is not qualified for a refund. Mr. Fraser, now 87 years old, expressed his disappointment and frustration over the insurance company's decision in an interview with a local news outlet. He revealed that he has been a long-time customer of the company and had believed that his policy would cover any unforeseen events that may cause him to cancel his trip. "I've been with them for 20 years, and I've paid my premiums on time. I was under the impression that I was fully covered for this kind of situation," Mr. Fraser said. The insurance company, however, maintained that they were merely following the policy's guidelines, which were clearly stated in the contract. "Our insurance policies have set definitions for commonly used terms such as 'relative.' While we understand Mr. Fraser's situation, we are unable to provide him with a refund as per the policy," the company spokesperson said in a statement. The incident has sparked a debate on social media, with many sympathizing with Mr. Fraser's predicament and criticizing the insurance company's strict interpretation of its policy. Some commentators even suggested that the company should have exercised some flexibility, given the extenuating circumstances surrounding Mr. Fraser's case. For now, Mr. Fraser remains in a bind. He has vowed to keep fighting the insurance company's decision and has sought legal advice on the matter. "I intend to pursue this matter until I get justice. This is not about the money; it's about principle," he said. The case serves as a cautionary tale for travelers to carefully review their insurance policies before purchasing them. It also highlights the importance of seeking legal advice when dealing with contractual disputes involving insurance companies.