article: These are the horrific facial injuries suffered by a cyclist who was thrown from her bike and slid through the mud in a hit-and-run crash. Tracy Taylor landed on her face after a car ploughed into her bike while she was out cycling on Christmas Eve. The 36-year-old, from Leek, Staffordshire,  suffered a broken collar bone as well as cuts and bruises to her face after being knocked unconscious in the collision. Tracy Taylor, 36, from Leek, Staffordshire, suffered horrific facial injuries after being thrown off her bike into the mud (pictured left and right) following a hit-and-run crash . The fitness instructor  landed on her face and was left with cuts and bruises (pictured) after a 'small blue vehicle' ploughed into her while she was out cycling on Christmas Eve . The fitness instructor had stopped to take photographs of the scenery with her friend Helen Birch-Machin when the incident unfolded. She was then hit by what she describes as a 'small blue vehicle' and was knocked unconscious. She said: 'I'm lucky to be alive. If it wasn't for my helmet I wouldn't be here. 'I can't believe the driver left the scene, they probably don't realise the damage they've done.' Ms Taylor had been out with he friend Helen Birch-Machin when the pair stopped to take photographs of the scenery . After the crash, Ms Taylor was rushed to Macclesfield Hospital. She needed nine stitches but was discharged in time to spend Christmas with her son. She said: 'My face was covered in mud and my helmet was smashed to pieces. 'I kept drifting in and out of consciousness and I don't even remember much of Christmas because I felt so drugged-up. 'I've no idea how long it will be until I can go back to work and, because I'm a self-employed fitness instructor, I won't get any sick pay. It's turned my world upside down.' She was treated at Macclesfield hospital where she had to have nine stitches for her injuries . The keen cyclist also suffered cuts and bruises to her legs (left and right) but was discharged from hospital in time for Christmas with her son . She added: 'It's all a bit of a blur. I was pretty out of it on morphine. I've not even had time to think about my facial injuries, it's all happened so quickly. 'All I can remember is worrying about being home for Christmas. The fact that I'd been in an accident didn't sink in straight away.' Staffordshire Police are appealing for witnesses following the collision. A spokesman said: 'Relevant CCTV footage has been examined and house-to-house inquiries in the locality have been made. 'The cyclist is now recovering at home having received hospital treatment.'
highlights: Tracy Taylor, 36, from Leek, Staffs, went for a bike ride on Christmas Eve . Fitness instructor was hit by 'small blue vehicle' and knocked unconscious . She suffered a broken collar bone as well as cuts and bruises to her face .
id: 5b31901e3619249708e3d4041d045bcb5949fba1
chatgpt: Tracy Taylor, a 36-year-old fitness instructor from Leek, Staffordshire went for a bike ride on Christmas Eve but unfortunately, the outing didn't end well for her. She was struck by a "small blue vehicle" which left her unconscious and with serious injuries. According to reports, Tracy had been enjoying a leisurely bike ride when the incident occurred. It was only a few minutes into the ride that the small blue vehicle hit her, leaving her lying unconscious on the roadside. When Tracy was found, it was clear that she had been seriously injured. She was rushed to the hospital where it was determined that she had suffered a broken collar bone as well as cuts and bruises to her face. The incident has left Tracy's family and friends in shock. They have described her as a keen lover of fitness and outdoor activities, saying that she was a regular participant in triathlons and other athletic events. Tracy's mother, Linda, has spoken about the incident, saying that her daughter's injuries were serious and that she was lucky to be alive. She went on to say that the family is grateful to the emergency services for their prompt response in getting Tracy to the hospital. Police are currently investigating the incident and have appealed to anyone with information to come forward. They are particularly interested in speaking to anyone who may have seen a small blue vehicle in the area around the time of the incident. The incident has once again highlighted the importance of road safety, particularly for cyclists. It is essential that motorists take adequate precautions when sharing the road with cyclists. This is not the first incident of its kind to be reported in the area. In recent years, there have been several incidents where cyclists have been injured or killed on the roads. Cycling organizations have urged motorists to be more vigilant when sharing the road with cyclists. They have also called for increased investment in cycling infrastructure and better education for both motorists and cyclists. Tracy's family and friends have expressed their gratitude to the hospital staff for their excellent care. They have also thanked the local community for their support during this difficult time. The incident has left a deep impact on the Leek community, with many people coming together to express their concern for Tracy and their support for her family. While the investigation into the incident continues, the community is coming together to ensure that cyclists are given the respect and protection they deserve on the roads.