article: If the CIA did, in fact, secretly remove classified documents from Senate computers during an oversight probe, there will be consequences, the chairman of the House Intelligence committee told CNN Wednesday. "We're going to have to unwind this, find out what the truth is," Republican Mike Rogers of Michigan told CNN's Chris Cuomo on "New Day." "If someone broke the law, they're going to have to pay the penalty." Rogers' comments followed Tuesday's accusation by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, that the CIA removed some documents from her staff's computers in the middle of an oversight investigation. Feinstein said the CIA searched Senate computers last year because they believed the panel's investigators might have gained access to materials on an internal review they were not authorized to see.  The committee launched a full-blown investigation after learning in an initial review that the CIA had "withheld and destroyed information about its detention and interrogation program." Her concern is that the search may have violated federal law regarding domestic spying as well as congressional oversight responsibilities under the Constitution. Just the fact that Feinstein would publicly make the accusation indicates there is something to it, Rogers said. "It's troubling to see this, but I do have immense respect for Sen. Feinstein," Rogers said. "If she's going down to the floor, she clearly believes that something untoward happened." CIA Director John Brennan, speaking to the Council on Foreign Relations Tuesday, denied the accusations, saying "nothing could be further from the truth." Rogers expressed concern about the situation, but declined to speculate. On one hand, he said, there is a need to get to the bottom of the accusations so that it doesn't prevent the CIA from doing its work. On the other hand, if laws were broken, it would destroy the legislative-CIA relationship, he said. The Inspector General has referred to the issue to the Department of Justice, he said. The Justice Department is looking at whether to launch an investigation involving the committee's review of millions of documents at a Virginia facility and counterclaims by the CIA about Intelligence Committee staffers gaining access to things they shouldn't have seen. There is plenty of oversight cooperation between the CIA and Congress, Rogers said, and these accusations should not taint the entire agency. Feinstein says CIA spied on Senate computers . Opinion: Feinstein is no bomb thrower .
highlights: Rep. Mike Rogers wants to get to the bottom of the accusations against CIA . If Sen. Dianne Feinstein made the accusation, there may be something there, he says . He wants to make sure that no laws were broken .
id: d5ab6ccc6d73e8216b4928c4a76148a9f6a5c48b
chatgpt: Rep. Mike Rogers, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, is determined to get to the bottom of the accusations against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). In an interview on Meet the Press, Rogers stated that there may be something to the accusations that have been made against the CIA and that he wants to make sure that no laws were broken. The accusations were made by Sen. Dianne Feinstein and members of her committee. They accused the CIA of spying on their computers in order to find documents related to a Senate investigation of the agency's detention and interrogation program. According to Feinstein, the CIA broke the law by accessing her staff's computers and removing documents without permission. Rogers, who has been a strong supporter of the CIA, said that he is "very concerned" about the accusations and wants to get to the bottom of the issue. He also said that if Feinstein made the accusation, "there may be something there." Rogers is not the only member of Congress who is calling for an investigation into the accusations. Sen. Mark Udall has also called for an investigation and has criticized the CIA for its actions. Udall, who is a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has been a vocal critic of the CIA's interrogation program and has called for its closure. The CIA has denied the accusations and has said that it did not break any laws. The agency has also defended its actions, saying that it was trying to find out how the Senate committee had obtained a confidential internal review of the detention and interrogation program. Feinstein and her committee have said that the internal review was provided to them by the CIA itself and that they did not obtain it illegally. They have also accused the agency of trying to intimidate them and undermine their investigation. The accusations and the subsequent calls for an investigation have raised concerns about the relationship between Congress and the CIA. Many lawmakers are worried that the agency is becoming too powerful and too secretive, and that it is not being held accountable for its actions. Rogers and others have said that it is important to find out the truth about the accusations and to make sure that no laws were broken. They have also said that Congress needs to assert its authority over the CIA and ensure that the agency is held accountable for its actions. As the investigation continues, it remains to be seen what will come of the accusations against the CIA. But one thing is clear: members of Congress are determined to get to the bottom of the issue and to make sure that the agency is held accountable for its actions.