article: By . James Chapman . Last updated at 1:40 AM on 10th September 2011 . Russia is to offer to share its . security secrets with Britain – but will rebuff demands to extradite the . chief suspect in the radiation murder of a dissident in London. The revelations were made by Moscow’s . ambassador Alexander Yakovenko in highly unusual public remarks ahead of . a visit to the Russian capital by David Cameron next week. He insisted the Kremlin would not . agree to send Andrei Lugavoy, prime suspect in the 2006 murder of . dissident Alexander Litvinenko, for trial in Britain as Scotland Yard . has demanded. Friends again: Mr Cameron hopes to repair relations with Moscow when he visits Vladimir Putin next week . Mr Litvinenko, a British citizen and . critic of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, was poisoned with a . radioactive isotope,polonium-210. Mr Cameron’s decision to visit Russia . has caused some surprise, since Moscow has refused to budge over the . extradition of Lugavoy, an ex-KGB agent. Despite the hard line on Lugavoy, the . ambassador revealed that Russia was prepared to reopen intelligence . sharing with Britain in the fight against terrorism. Rift: The poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006 caused strains relations between Russia and Britain . ‘Co-operation stopped after the Litvinenko case,’ he said. ‘We believe we have to re-establish these relations. ‘Everything is in the hands of the British side. We’re ready.’ A diplomatic tit-for-tat in recent years has seen rows over BP contracts, . the closure of British Council offices in Russia and the presence of several prominent critics of Mr Putin in London. Mr Yakovenko said Britain had had no official contact with Mr Putin for several years. On the Litvinenko case, Mr Yakovenko suggested Britain should agree to Lugavoy standing trial in Russia. Mr Cameron’s trip to Moscow will be . the first by a British leader since 2005. He is expected to meet Mr . Putin and President Dmitri Medvedev. The Prime Minister is determined not . to let the row over Mr Litvinenko’s murder derail a summit that . officials hope will lead to trade deals and warmer ties.
highlights: Relations soured since murder of spy Alex Litvinenko . Russian deputy PM hopes visit will 'turn the page' Putin last spoke to a senior British politician in 2008 .
id: ca728985512a113c023d08726331ffd7893e3114
chatgpt: The Russian Deputy Prime Minister, Yuri Borisov, made a recent visit to the United Kingdom, hoping to improve the strained relations between the two countries. Relations between Russia and the UK have been deteriorating since the murder of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006.  The UK accused Russia of being responsible for Litvinenko's death, resulting in a diplomatic standoff. The two countries expelled each other's diplomats and imposed sanctions on each other. Since then, there have been several other incidents that have exacerbated the tensions between the two nations.  Borisov's visit comes in the hopes of normalizing relations between Russia and the UK. The deputy PM expressed his desire to "turn the page" on the strained relationship and start afresh. He stated that Russia and the UK have longstanding ties, and that the two countries need to work together to resolve their differences.  According to reports, Borisov held talks with UK Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab, where they discussed a range of issues, including the situation in Syria, and the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter in Salisbury in 2018. The latter incident resulted in the UK expelling 23 Russian diplomats and led to a diplomatic row between the two countries.  Borisov's visit is seen as a significant step towards improving relations between Russia and the UK. It is the first high-level visit from Russia since Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev visited the UK in 2011. Borisov's trip is also significant because Russian President Vladimir Putin has not spoken to a senior British politician since 2008.  The UK government has welcomed Borisov's visit and the opportunity to discuss important issues affecting the two countries. Boris Johnson, the UK Prime Minister, has said that he is open to dialogue with Russia but has called on the country to stop its "destabilizing activity," including hacking and cyber-attacks.  Borisov's visit has been viewed positively by both sides, and there are hopes that it will lead to improved relations between Russia and the UK. However, there are still significant differences between the two countries, including the situation in Ukraine and Syria, that will need to be addressed before relations can be fully restored.