article: An Oklahoma man has been arrested for animal cruelty after police found more than three dozen dead horses and cows on his ranch. Dan McWilliams, 54, of Muskogee County, was arrested after animal control received an anonymous tip about neglected animals on his farm. Muskogee County deputies obtained a search warrant and found animals lying dead along the property's fences on Saturday. Scroll down for video . Dan McWilliams, 54, of Muskogee County, Oklahoma, was arrested after animal control received an anonymous tip about neglected cows and horses on his farm . Muskogee County deputies obtained a search warrant and found animals lying dead along the property's fences on Saturday. Some corpses look as if they had been run over by vehicles . County Sheriff Charles Pearson said on Sunday that there was up to 30 dead horses and seven dead cows, and many of the remaining living animals on the farm were crippled and infected with parasites . County Sheriff Charles Pearson said on Sunday that there was up to 30 dead horses and seven dead cows, according to Tulsa World. Pearson added that the deputies were trying to move about 200 animals off of the 360-acre farm and that veterinarians discovered parasites had infected many of the living animals. He said that animals were very sick and that it looked like 'pure, deep neglect', but that the Sheriff's Department was still investigating to decide if it was disease that had affected the animals. Many of the living horses are crippled and some of the corpses have been run over by vehicles, according to Muskogee Now. Pearson said that animals were very sick and that it looked like 'pure, deep neglect', but that the Sheriff's Department was still investigating to decide if it was disease that had affected the animals . Most of the deceased animals had likely died within the last month. Equipment on the farm - worth millions of dollars, according to Pearson - appeared to be untouched . Most of the deceased animals had likely died within the last month. Pearson said that when the deputies arrived McWilliams 'started to make a fast walk away' and that he had to be chased down and arrested. Equipment on the farm - worth millions of dollars, according to Pearson - appeared to be untouched. Deputies fed the livestock with bales of hay that had been sitting on trailers on the land, according to News on 6. Animal control seized the remaining living animals and plan to help restore them back to health. Animal control and county deputies seized the remaining living animals and plan to help nurse them back to health .
highlights: WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES . Dan McWilliams was arrested Saturday in Muskogee County, Oklahoma . Police found up to 30 dead horses and seven dead cows on property . Many of remaining 200 animals were crippled and infected with parasites . Most of the deceased animals had likely died within the last month . County sheriff said McWilliam's farming equipment looked untouched . Animal control and deputies hope to nurse living animals back to health .
id: 0387438a59ee861010766e5bedd50b6cd2408c0b
chatgpt: In a shocking discovery, up to 30 dead horses and seven dead cows were found on a property in Muskogee County, Oklahoma over the weekend. The property was owned by Dan McWilliams, who was arrested on Saturday by the Muskogee County Sheriff's Office. McWilliams is currently facing charges related to animal cruelty and neglect. Upon inspection of the property, animal control and deputies also found that many of the remaining 200 animals were severely crippled, malnourished, and infected with parasites. Most of the deceased animals had likely died within the last month, according to authorities. The scene was described as gut-wrenching and heartbreaking by witnesses, who were overcome with grief and shock as they saw the horrific conditions the animals were living in. The Muskogee County Sheriff commented on the case, stating, "This is one of the worst cases of animal cruelty and neglect that we have ever seen in our county. The sheer number of dead and dying animals on this property is horrifying. We hope that justice is served and that the surviving animals can be given the care they so desperately need." McWilliams' farming equipment looked untouched, leading authorities to believe that the animals were left to starve and die without proper care or attention. Animal control and deputies are working to nurse the remaining animals back to health, though the task may prove to be difficult given the extent of their injuries and infections. The news of this animal cruelty case has sparked outrage among animal welfare groups and local residents, who are calling for stricter laws and regulations to protect animals from similar abuse and neglect. In response to the incident, the Animal Legal Defense Fund released a statement, saying, "We strongly condemn any form of animal cruelty and neglect, and we applaud the efforts of authorities to bring justice to the animals affected by this horrific case. It is imperative that we continue to work towards creating tougher laws and regulations to protect animals from such abuse and ensure that those who perpetrate such atrocities are held accountable for their actions." The investigation into McWilliams' animal cruelty and neglect case is ongoing, and authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward and assist in the investigation. Meanwhile, the surviving animals are being provided with medical attention and are expected to receive the necessary care and treatment they need to recover from their ordeal.