article: Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- More than 30 people were killed Monday in southeastern Kenya in the latest outbreak of tribal violence. A mob of more than 300 people descended on the village of Kilelengwani in the remote Tana Delta on Monday, many of them armed with spears and machetes, the Kenya Red Cross said. Thirty-three men, women and children were killed, including seven police officers who had been deployed to the area as a buffer between warring tribes. The massacre comes just days after nearly a dozen people were killed in the same region in what appears to be continued tit-for-tat violence that erupted last month. The violence is blamed on the Pokomo and Orma tribes prevalent in the region. The Pokomo are largely settled farmers, and the Orma are traditionally pastoralists, tending cattle and goat herds. There has been long-running tension between the two groups over grazing rights and water sources, but it boiled over last month when the Pokomo attacked an Orma village after an apparent land dispute. More than 50 people were killed in that attack, mostly women and children. The revenge attacks are the worst violence in Kenya since more than a thousand people were killed and hundreds of thousands were left homeless after a disputed election in late 2007. Kenya's security forces have been heavily criticized for being unable to quell the escalating violence along the Tana River. Samuel Kilele, the police commissioner of the coast, said hundreds of police were in the area, but rugged terrain and poor infrastructure made it hard to get there. He said four local administrators were being fired for their lack of a response. But in a move indicating the seriousness of the situation, he said the Kenyan military could be brought in to bring security to the region. "If the situation proves more volatile, then the deployment of the army will be inevitable," Kilele said.
highlights: More than 300 people, many with spears and machetes, struck Tana River village . Killings come just days after tribal violence killed nearly a dozen people in the area . Violence is blamed on tensions between the Pokomo and Orma tribes prevalent in the region . Police commissioner says four local administrators will be fired, military could be called in .
id: 0ee82e3b94f6ecec4f4374b27c149e6fffb290d5
chatgpt: Tensions between two Kenyan tribes, the Pokomo and Orma, have once again led to violence that has left scores dead. This weekend, more than 300 people, brandishing spears and machetes, attacked the Tana River village just days after tribal violence killed nearly a dozen people in the same area. The spate of violence in the region has caused concern among authorities, and efforts to quell the unrest have been unsuccessful so far. According to witnesses, the group of assailants descended on the Tana River village, killing at least 38 people, including women and children. Eyewitnesses report that the attackers were Pokomo tribespeople seeking revenge against the Orma tribe, whom they accuse of stealing their cattle. Police commissioner Mathew Iteere has vowed to bring the attackers to justice and has said that four local administrators would be relieved of their duties. Additionally, the military may soon be called in to restore order in the region. However, Iteere acknowledged that this may not be enough to end the cycle of violence between the two tribes. The Pokomo and Orma communities have long-standing grievances over land ownership, resources, and political representation in the area. The two ethnic groups live in separate communities, and their rivalry has escalated over the years into deadly clashes. The government’s failure to address the underlying causes of the conflict, poor security, and weak governance has been blamed for the ongoing clashes. The Kenyan government has been urged to take measures to prevent further violence in the region and restore peace between the two warring factions. Kenya has faced rising ethnic tensions leading to frequent outbreaks of violence. These events highlight the need for a lasting solution to the country’s ethnic and political challenges that threaten the country's stability. It remains to be seen whether the government will take the necessary steps to address these challenges and bring about lasting peace in the region.