article: (CNN) -- Somali forces clashed with al Qaeda-linked militants in the capital city Friday after the militants attacked an African Union peacekeeping station, according to an independent media report. Al Shabaab fighters display two bodies of Somali police officers during a battle August 12 in Mogadishu. Al Shabaab militants attacked the African Union Mission to Somalia headquarters in downtown Mogadishu, according to Somalia's independent Shabelle Radio. The attack sparked a firefight with government forces, Shabelle Radio said . This is the latest fighting in Somalia's war-torn capital in the ongoing war between government forces and the Islamist militia. At least 46 people have been killed and 65 wounded in two days of fighting in Mogadishu, Somali officials said Friday. The government forces are being aided by the African Union's peacekeeping force, which is mainly made up of Ugandan and Burundian forces. Meanwhile, the al Qaeda-linked Islamist militia seized control of the central town of Bulo Burde from government forces, killing 15, Shabelle Radio and witnesses said. Bulo Burde is about 155 miles (250 kilometers) southeast of Mogadishu. Ongoing clashes between the two sides trapped people in the town Thursday, witnesses said. A spokesman for Somalia's president announced Thursday morning that pro-government fighters had seized control of Bulo Burde, which is considered a strategic town because it lies on a major road between Mogadishu and Somalia's central regions. But later in the day, after residents reported heavy fighting, the Islamist fighters regained control of the town and the pro-government forces withdrew to about a kilometer outside Bulo Burde, witnesses said. The United States is supporting Somali government's fight against the insurgents, including providing weapons to government forces. Al Shabaab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network. U.S. officials are concerned that Somalia's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency, as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power later that year.
highlights: Somali forces fighting al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab in capital city of Mogadishu . 46 people killed, 65 wounded in past two days of most recent fighting . Islamist fighters have regained control of the strategic town of Bulo Burde . U.S. supports, provides weapons for Somalia's fight against  insurgents .
id: 39f0454f4668212ff4dea76de3780980e91b4b4d
chatgpt: The Somali forces have been battling the al Qaeda-affiliated militant group in the capital city of Mogadishu for the past two days. According to reports, 46 people have lost their lives while 65 others have been injured in the recent fighting. The fresh bout of violence erupted as Islamist fighters were able to regain control of the strategic town of Bulo Burde, in central Somalia. The militant group has yet again demonstrated their alarming capability to take over towns and cities across the country. The United States has been actively involved in supporting Somalia's fight against the insurgents. The United States currently provides weapons to the Somali forces and has been assisting them in various ways. The regional authorities have expressed grave concerns over the recent developments in the country. The continued violence by militants has caused a significant number of casualties, and the ongoing conflict has added further strain to an already struggling nation. Somalia has been battling insurgency for decades, with al-Shabaab being perhaps the most significant threat to the stability of the country. The country's fragile state institutions and lack of basic infrastructure continue to provide a breeding ground for militant groups like al-Shabaab. The deteriorating security situation in Somalia is a cause for concern for the international community. The United Nations and other partners have been pushing for political and security reforms, which will help to stabilize the country and combat the threat of terrorism. The Somali government has vowed to continue its fight against the insurgents and has called for increased support from the international community. The recent upsurge in violence highlights the need for more concerted efforts to combat terrorism and extremism in the region. In conclusion, the recent fighting in Mogadishu and the Islamist fighter's recapture of Bulo Burde are a sobering reminder of the continued threat posed by militant groups like al-Shabaab in Somalia. The United States and other partners must continue to support the country to stabilize it and combat the threat of terrorism.