article: (CNN) -- Incumbent leader Abdelaziz Bouteflika has won a third term in office after a landslide victory in Algeria's presidential election, media reports said Friday. Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika arrives to cast his vote at a school in Algiers. Bouteflika's victory came despite calls from his political opponents for voters to boycott the polls. They claim the election was a charade, with the other presidential candidates -- from left-wing parties to Islamists -- standing no real chance. The 72-year-old was elected with over 90 percent of the vote, Reuters.com quoted the official in charge of organizing Thursday's presidential election as saying. "Bouteflika has won ... 90.24 percent of the votes cast," Interior Minister Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni told a news conference. Algerian lawmakers, most of them loyal to the president, cleared the way for him to stand for re-election last year by abolishing constitutional term limits. Critics said that would allow him to serve as president-for-life. Supporters of Bouteflika say he deserves credit for steering the North African country, an oil and gas producer, back to stability after a bloody civil conflict in the 1990s that killed an estimated 150,000 people. But critics say he is using the threat of renewed violence from Islamic militants to mask the country's deepening economic problems. "I continue to regard the restoration of civil peace as a national priority, as long as hotbeds of tension and pockets of subversion survive," Bouteflika, running for a third term, said in his final campaign speech on Monday, Reuters.com reported. He has also promised to spend $150 billion on development projects and create 3 million jobs, his remedy for an economy in which energy accounts for about 96 percent of exports but where other sectors have been choked by red tape and under-investment.
highlights: Bouteflika, 72, win third term comfortably with 90 percent of vote . Lawmakers abolished constitutional term limits last year . Political opponents claim vote was a charade . Algeria is fighting an Islamic insurgency and an ailing economy .
id: f8bf8957ce92ffec582b10d89b487bae0f0515c9
chatgpt: Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika secured his third term as leader with a comfortable 90 percent of the vote. The 72-year-old politician won the election amid controversy; opponents claimed the voting process was flawed and became a mere charade. The allegations did little to stop Bouteflika’s victory as he proved himself to be quite popular in the polls. Despite this, the election was not without its flaws. Lawmakers abolished constitutional term limits only last year, paving the way for an indefinite spell in office for Bouteflika. This fact raised eyebrows from critics who claim President Bouteflika is accumulating too much power. Political opponents argue that this change to the law was implemented simply to allow the aging Bouteflika another shot at the presidency.  Algeria is currently facing numerous challenges such as an Islamic insurgence and an ailing economy. Bouteflika managed to successfully appeal to the electorate on the promise that he would lead Algeria towards a brighter future. His strong support among voters indicates that the public believes he is the man to lead Algeria through these trying times. The leader’s opponents may disapprove of his leadership and allege security breaches amid the voting process, but Bouteflika’s loyal supporters have spoken. As the result suggests, many Algerians are content with the current state of affairs. Bouteflika himself acknowledged the challenges ahead in his victory speech. He spoke of his intention to work towards overcoming Algeria’s problems and thanked his supporters for their unwavering confidence in him. He emphasized that he would do everything in his power to make sure that all Algerians have a good quality of life. Overall, the election results signify stability and continuity for Algerians who can now expect President Bouteflika’s third term in office to be a pivotal moment for the country. While opponents may continue to criticize the outcome, the majority of Algerians have spoken, and they are in favor of their president.