article: (CNN) -- The wearing o' the green has Australian eyes smiling. Adam Scott won the 77th Masters golf tournament in Augusta, Georgia -- and the green jacket that goes to the champion -- on Sunday, beating Argentine Angel Cabrera on the second hole of a thrilling, sudden-death playoff to become the first Australian ever to win the Masters. "Australia's a proud sporting nation, and this was one notch in the belt that we'd never got, and amazing that it's come down to me today," Scott, 32, told CBS' Jim Nantz on the post-tourney telecast. For years, Scott, who has been ranked in the top 20 of the official world golf rankings for the better part of a decade, was considered one of the best golfers to have never won one of golf's four major championships: the Masters, the U.S. Open, the British Open, and the PGA championship. Australians had come in second in the Masters seven times before, most recently when Scott and Jason Day, who finished third this year, tied as runner-ups in 2011. The most famous Australian golfer of all time, Greg Norman, finished second at Augusta National Golf Club three times, in 1986, 1987, and 1996. Scott praised Norman after Sunday's victory. "There was one guy who inspired a nation of golfers, and that's Greg Norman," Scott said. "You know, he's been incredible to me, and all the young golfers in Australia, and part of this definitely belongs to him." In 1996, Norman turned a six-stroke Masters lead into a five-stroke loss with a final round 78. SI.com called the collapse one of the most painful moments in sports history. Scott survived his own painful ordeal in last year's British Open, when he bogeyed the last four holes at Royal Lytham and St. Annes Golf Club to lose by a stroke to Ernie Els. On Sunday, Scott put his past shortcomings behind him. "It seems a long way away from a couple of years ago here, and even last July, when I was trying to win another major. I found my way today. There was some luck there somewhere. I don't know how to digest it all at the moment, but it was incredible," he said. "I'm just so proud of myself and everyone around me who's helped me. The list is so long." One name on that list is easy to determine. For the past two years, Scott's team has included caddie Steve Williams, who carried the bag for 13 of Tiger Woods' 14 major tournament victories. This weekend, Williams helped guide his new boss to the Masters title, while his old boss, Woods, finished tied for fourth, four strokes off Scott's pace. Scott also had special support behind the scenes at Augusta National: his father. "A hug with him behind the 10th green there when it was all over is something I'll never forget," Scott said, while also acknowledging his mother and sister back home. "Just incredible to have him here."
highlights: Adam Scott is the first Australian ever to win the Masters golf tournament . Australians had placed second in the major golf championship seven times . Scott has been in the top 20 of the world golf rankings for most of the last decade . He almost won the 2012 British Open but collapsed on the final four holes .
id: bcc84bfe33304a03ca376f2abdade331002626dd
chatgpt: Adam Scott Makes History as First Australian to Win the Masters Golf Tournament Adam Scott, one of the top golfers for the last decade, made history over the weekend when he became the first Australian ever to win the prestigious Masters golf tournament. Australians have come close to winning the major golf championship several times, having placed second seven times. However, it was Scott who finally etched his name in the history books by claiming the coveted green jacket in Augusta National. The victory was particularly sweet for Scott, who has been in the top 20 of the world golf rankings for most of the last decade. The 32-year-old golfer came close to winning the title last year, but he had to settle for second place after losing to Bubba Watson in a play-off. However, this year, a determined Scott rose to the challenge and secured his place in history. Scott's victory was no walk in the park. In fact, he had to battle till the very end against Argentinian golfer Angel Cabrera to claim the title. Scott and Cabrera were tied at the end of the 72 holes, and the championship was decided in a tense play-off. Both golfers had their fair share of chances, but it was Scott who held his nerve and made the crucial put on the second hole of the play-off to claim the title. Scott's victory was particularly heartening for Australian golfers and fans, who have been waiting for several years for one of their own to win the Masters. The Australian golfer's triumph was particularly poignant for another reason - it came on the day when legendary Australian golfer Greg Norman was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame. Norman, who has won two Open championships, two Players Championships, and ascended to World No. 1, is widely regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time. However, he has never won the Masters, and his countrymen had waited long years to see one of their own win the prestigious title. Scott's victory was just reward for his years of hard work and dedication. The Australian had come close to winning a major championship on several occasions. One of his most heart-breaking losses came in the 2012 British Open when he collapsed on the last four holes to lose the title by one stroke. However, he refused to let that defeat defeat affect him and came back even stronger. The world of golf will be watching Scott closely in the coming years. His victory at the Masters has cemented his status as one of the best golfers in the world currently. However, given his talent and tenacity, there's no reason why Scott cannot reach even greater heights in the game. In conclusion, Adam Scott's historic victory at the Masters is a testament to the talent and dedication of the Australian golfer. Scott has been in the top echelon of the game for several years, and now, he has finally achieved his dream of winning the Masters. The victory has also brought joy to Australian golf fans, who have long waited to see one of their own win the prestigious title. In many ways, Scott's victory symbolizes the rise of Australian golf and the growing number of talented golfers coming out of the country.