article: This is the moment a 13-year-old schoolgirl who made a series of prank 999 calls was confronted by the emergency operator at his police headquarters. The teenager, who has not been named, made a number of nuisance calls to Wiltshire Police from telephone boxes, claiming a non-existent fight was in progress. She was later identified after CCTV footage of her making the calls was posted by officers on Facebook. This is the moment a 13-year-old schoolgirl who made a series of prank 999 calls was confronted by an emergency operator at his police headquarters in Devizes, Wiltshire . The teenager, who has not been named, made a number of nuisance calls to Wiltshire Police from telephone boxes, claiming a non-existent fight was in progress . The time-wasting teen was invited to attend Calne police station, Wiltshire where she admitted making hoax calls on November 16 and November 24 after seeing the images of herself online. During her visit with her mother, she met PCSO Mark Cook who attended the scene when she reported the 'fight'. She was let off without further punishment because of her age, but was told she had to write a letter of apology to everyone she had caused disruption to which had to cover at least a full side of A4. Once the letter was approved she was told to attend the Crime and Communications Centre at Wiltshire Police HQ in Devizes to read her apology to a 999 call handler supervisor. During the meeting the supervisor explained the impact and dangers of hoax calls, and discussed with her the severity of her actions. The girl, who attended the police headquarters with her mother, was told to write an apology, which had to cover one side of A4, which she was then invited to read to the 999 call handler supervisor . The girl was identified after CCTV footage of her making the calls was posted by officers on Facebook .
highlights: Teenager made nuisance calls to Wiltshire police from a phone box . She was identified from CCTV images posted to Facebook by officers . Girl escaped punishment, but was told to write a letter of apology . She was then told to read it to a 999 call handler supervisor at police HQ .
id: 0a15b75a299af859b98ba7c4fd126b92e7e8cedc
chatgpt: A teenage girl in Wiltshire made multiple nuisance calls to the police from a phone box, but was soon identified and brought to justice thanks to CCTV footage. The girl's actions caused significant disruption to the police and diverted resources away from genuine emergencies. The CCTV footage was posted on Facebook by Wiltshire police, which led to the identification of the teenage culprit. However, the girl escaped punishment and was instead given a chance to make amends for her actions. She was asked to write a letter of apology, which she read out to a 999 call handler supervisor at police headquarters. The meeting was arranged to demonstrate the impact of her actions on the workers at the end of the phone line, and to encourage her to think about the consequences of her actions. The police hoped that this experience would serve as a wake-up call for the teenager and help her to understand the seriousness of making hoax calls. A spokesperson for Wiltshire Police issued a statement, saying: "We take nuisance and hoax calls extremely seriously, as they can put lives at risk and divert resources away from genuine emergencies. We wanted to use this opportunity to educate the young girl about the consequences of her actions, rather than simply punishing her." The police department also reminded the public about the importance of using the emergency number properly, as it was meant to be used in genuine emergencies only. Wiltshire police urged people to use their common sense and discretion when deciding whether to make an emergency call. Making hoax calls to the police is a criminal offence and can result in a custodial sentence. The police take such incidents very seriously and work hard to identify and prosecute the perpetrators. Hoax calls not only waste police time and resources, but also put lives at risk as genuine emergencies may not receive a prompt response. The teenage girl in question may have escaped punishment this time, but it is hoped that she has learned her lesson and will think twice before repeat such actions in the future.