article: Phil Bardsley has completed a move to Stoke after signing a three-and-a-half year deal after the out-of-contract defender opted to leave Sunderland. The 28-year-old Scotland international passed a medical in the Potteries to seal a switch from the Stadium of Light after six and a half years. The Black Cats had hopes to extend Bardsley’s stay on Wearside after re-opening contract talks after initial discussions came to nothing, but appear to have had to admit defeat. A new era: Phil Bardsley joins Stoke from Premier League rivals Sunderland . On the move: Phil Bardsley (right) is set to complete a switch to Stoke . Farewell: Bardsley is set to leave Sunderland after six-and-a-half years with the club . Bardsley joined Sunderland from home-town club Manchester United in a £2million switch in January 2008 after loan moves to Royal Antwerp, Burnley, Rangers, Aston Villa and Sheffield United and established himself as first-choice right back. However, he fell out of favour with former boss Paolo Di Canio and seemed destined to leave the club last summer, when only a foot injury scuppered a proposed move to Fulham. Di Canio took a dim view of the player being pictured lying on the floor of a casino covered in £50 notes, and was even less impressed with an ill-advised tweet after the club’s 1-0 home defeat by Fulham, on the opening day of the Barclays Premier League season. However, he was handed a clean slate by new manager Gus Poyet after he replaced the controversial Italian in October last year, and rehabilitated himself to such an extent that he started the Capital One Cup final against Manchester City in March. Manager Mark Hughes believes Bardsley will be a valuable addition to his squad. He told the club website: 'I'm really pleased to bring Phil in to the club. He's a player of great Premier League experience who I think will bring added quality to the squad. 'He has plenty of qualities that will improve us and help move the Football club forward to where we want to be. 'Phil was genuinely excited to join and I'm delighted to bring him in as his personality and desire will shine in the dressing room.'
highlights: Phil Bardsley completes his move to Stoke from Sunderland . The 28-year-old Scot has signed a three-year deal . The Balck Cats wanted to keep the Scot on Wearside, but talks fell through . 'Phil was genuinely excited to join and . I'm delighted to bring him in as his personality and desire will shine . in the dressing room,' says Mark Hughes .
id: d15988926f9544cc0239fd5fcfe2eb6b63d5b64b
chatgpt: Stoke City has completed the signing of Phil Bardsley from Sunderland. The 28-year-old defender has signed a three-year deal with the Potters after talks with Sunderland fell through. Bardsley had been on Wearside for six years and was a key player for the Black Cats. Sunderland wanted to keep Bardsley at the club, but it seems he was eager to move on and start a new challenge with Stoke. Bardsley made 200 appearances for the Black Cats, scoring six goals during his time there. Mark Hughes, the Stoke City manager, expressed his excitement to bring Bardsley into the squad. "Phil was genuinely excited to join and I'm delighted to bring him in as his personality and desire will shine in the dressing room," Hughes said in a statement. Bardsley is a versatile player who can play at right-back or as a central defender. He has also been known to score a few goals in his career, and Stoke will be hoping he can replicate this form at the Britannia Stadium. The move to Stoke sees Bardsley link up with former Sunderland teammate Charlie Adam, who joined the Potters from Liverpool last year. Adam welcomed Bardsley to the club and said he was looking forward to playing with him again. "I played with Phil at Sunderland and he's a great player and a great person, so I'm delighted for him to join us here at Stoke," Adam said. Bardsley's move to Stoke is part of Mark Hughes' plan to strengthen the squad ahead of next season. Hughes has already brought in Dutch defender Erik Pieters from PSV Eindhoven and is reportedly interested in signing Liverpool's Fabio Borini. Stoke City finished ninth in the Premier League last season, their highest ever finish in the top flight. Hughes will be hoping the additions of Bardsley and Pieters can help the Potters push on and compete for a European place next season. Bardsley will be hoping to make an immediate impact at Stoke and help the club achieve their goals. The Scot is an experienced player who has played at the highest level and his signing is a signal of intent from Stoke as they look to build on their success from last season.