article: (CNN) -- John Oliver says America might be doomed. The "Daily Show" correspondent was recently in Montreal, where he was hosting a comedy gala called "Decline of the American Empire?" at the famous Just For Laughs festival. And while he emphasized the show title's punctuation, he also noted that, "The question mark is getting smaller and smaller as the news progresses, particularly today." Our video interview took place only a few days before the August 2 debt ceiling deadline so, naturally, we focused on the plight of America's finances. "It doesn't really seem to make any sense, logically," he says. "Other than pettiness is something that it seems America is now addicted to. And that's a hard habit to kick." Oliver also spoke about the members of the tea party, giving them some credit for their role in the conversation, but also questioning what will become of them after the debt ceiling issue is resolved. "They have brought to attention that America is $14.3 trillion in debt. That's a lot of dollars. That's more than $14. And it's more than $14 trillion. It's $14.3 trillion. That's a lot. So they've done that. They've pointed that out. And now they seem to be, for some reason, wanting things to get worse. So I don't know how they'll come out of it. I guess the same as they went into it -- angry and confused." Of course, Oliver also had a few choice words for the media. "The media has, as it's always done, done a terrible job reporting on this. They have seen the fire and they've decided to throw gasoline on it," he says. "I'm sure they're proud of themselves as they always are. And that is a misplaced pride." Oliver, who is British and works here on a green card, shouldn't be confused for a gleeful foreigner who relishes in the financial and political hardships of the United States. Perhaps it's good for his job as a comedian, but, personally, there's no sense of schadenfreude. "I would much rather America was a more stable, wonderful place. You know, I love it. But it is odd seeing it do this to itself for no clear reason."
highlights: "The Daily Show's" John Oliver discusses America's debt crisis . The comedian gives the tea party credit for drawing attention to the $14.3 trillion debt . He also throws some punches at the media for the way it covered the crisis .
id: 798855dc2dbbc11dcc1e3f856d3a80570663069f
chatgpt: John Oliver, the well-known comedian and host of "The Daily Show," has recently addressed the issue of America's debt crisis. In a recent interview, Oliver gave credit to the Tea Party for bringing attention to the issue of the nation's $14.3 trillion debt, but also criticized the media for its coverage of the crisis. "I think the Tea Party deserves some credit for bringing attention to the debt issue," Oliver stated. "They may not have the right solutions, but they did bring attention to it." Oliver went on to discuss how the debt has been handled by the media. "The media has done a terrible job in covering this crisis," he said. "They have turned it into a political issue and not a financial issue. This is a problem that affects all Americans, not just politicians and political parties. The media should be educating people about the impact of the debt on our economy, our future, and our children's future." Oliver's comments on the media's coverage of the debt crisis are not without merit. Many news outlets have focused on the political aspects of the problem, rather than the financial implications. This has resulted in a skewed understanding of the gravity of the situation and the potential consequences. The discussion on America's debt crisis is far from over. The issue has become a hot topic in the upcoming presidential election, with candidates proposing various solutions. However, it is important to remember that this is not just a political issue, but a financial one that affects everyone. In conclusion, John Oliver's comments on the Tea Party's contribution to the awareness of America's debt crisis and the media's handling of the issue are both insightful and thought-provoking. It is time for the media to shift its focus and report the facts of this financial issue accurately, rather than simply using it as fodder for political coverage. As Americans, it is essential that we understand the implications of the debt crisis and take action to address it.