article: By . Tony Jimenez . Claudio Ranieri has promised to give young players a chance after being officially presented as the new coach of Greece. The much-travelled Italian signed a two-year deal in July to have his first crack at international coaching after the contract of his predecessor Fernando Santos expired following the World Cup in Brazil. Under Santos, Greece reached the last 16 for the first time before losing to Costa Rica on penalties. Greece is the word: Claudio Ranieri has signed a two-year contract to manage Greece . Must do better? Greece celebrate victory over Ivory Coast on their way to the last 16 of the 2014 World Cup . 'I'm very happy to coach the national team of Greece and, although I had other proposals, I chose this one operating on instinct,' Ranieri told a news conference on Friday. 'I came here to take the team as high as possible. Our immediate aim is to qualify for Euro 2016 in France - it won't be easy but we have the potential and the talent to succeed. 'It's a great challenge. I believe in young players and there will be ample opportunities for them to show their potential,' added the 62-year-old former coach of Monaco, Chelsea, Valencia, Parma, Juventus, AS Roma and Inter Milan. 'I am very interested in working with the younger players, who are the future of the team, and I will be in contact with the clubs in an effort to work with them on a regular basis.' Au revoir: Claudio Ranieri received a £4million pay off sacked as Monaco manager in May . Ranieri's first match in charge will be a home Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania on Sept. 7. The tie will be played behind closed doors after 2004 champions Greece were punished for previous crowd disturbances. Northern Ireland, Hungary, Finland and Faroe Islands provide the rest of the opposition in Group F. Ranieri has kept faith with the bulk of the squad that represented Greece at the World Cup and added several youngsters such as 21-year-old Olympiakos Piraeus striker Dimitris Diamantakos. The new captain will be chosen by the squad after the talismanic Giorgios Karagounis decided to retire. Well travelled: The Italian has managed numerous European clubs including Chelsea 2000 - 2004 . 'I will be telling the players that being captain is very important,' said Ranieri. 'You represent the whole team and the country. 'The next captain will be selected by elections. The individual should have the charisma to be able to bear the burden of having such a title.' Ranieri was sacked by Monaco in May. It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Ex-Chelsea Claudio Ranieri has been unveiled as manager of Greece . He has vowed to give youth a chance in his first role as international boss . Predecessor Fernando Santos took Greece to last 16 at the 2014 World Cup . Claudio Ranieri has previously managed Monaco, Valencia, Parma, Juventus, AS Roma and Inter Milan .
id: 00714adda49a39734eca286799750ebd39387f5c
chatgpt: Claudio Ranieri, the former manager of Chelsea, has been unveiled as the new manager of Greece. He has promised to give young players a chance in his first role as an international boss. Ranieri's predecessor, Fernando Santos, led Greece to the last 16 at the 2014 World Cup. Ranieri is a well-respected manager with a wealth of experience in top-level football. He has previously managed teams such as Monaco, Valencia, Parma, Juventus, AS Roma and Inter Milan. His appointment by the Hellenic Football Federation (HFF) has been welcomed by many in Greece. Ranieri has expressed his excitement at the opportunity to manage a national team, and his determination to do well in the job. He has spoken about his intention to give young players a chance to play for the national team, saying: "I think it is important to give young players an opportunity to show what they can do. I believe there is a lot of talent in Greece, and I want to help develop that talent." Ranieri's appointment comes at a time of change for Greek football. The country has struggled in recent years, both on and off the field. The HFF has been under investigation for corruption, and a number of teams have been found guilty of match-fixing. The national team has also struggled, failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup and the 2016 European Championships. However, there is hope that Ranieri can help turn things around. He is known for his ability to get the best out of his players, and has a track record of success with smaller teams. His appointment has been seen as a statement of intent by the HFF, and a sign that they are serious about reforming Greek football. Ranieri has already begun to work with the national team, holding his first training session last week. He has been impressed with the players he has seen so far, and has spoken about his excitement at the prospect of working with them. In an interview with Greek sports newspaper Sport24, Ranieri spoke about his plans for the team: "I want to create a team that plays with passion and commitment. I want the players to be proud to wear the Greek shirt, and to play with a sense of responsibility to their country." Ranieri's appointment has been met with a mix of optimism and scepticism from Greek football fans. Some have praised his experience and track record of success, while others are sceptical of his ability to turn things around quickly. However, there is a sense that this is a new era for Greek football, and that Ranieri's appointment represents a fresh start for the national team. With the 2022 World Cup qualifiers on the horizon, there is a sense of anticipation and excitement among Greek football fans. In conclusion, the appointment of Claudio Ranieri as the new manager of Greece has been met with a mixture of excitement and trepidation. However, there is hope that he can turn things around for the national team, and help create a new era of success for Greek football. With his wealth of experience and commitment to developing young players, Ranieri could be the catalyst for change that Greek football needs. Only time will tell if he can meet expectations and help take the national team back to the heights of international success.