article: Tour companies evacuated hundreds of vacationers from Kenya after various nations issued travel alerts that warned of a "high threat" of terrorist attacks. All-inclusive tour company First Choice and Thomson Airways said they were canceling trips to the coastal area of Mombasa until the end of October. They transported about 200 vacationers to London on Friday morning. By the end of evacuations Friday night, both said they expect all their 400 vacationers to be out. "As a precautionary measure, we have also taken the decision to repatriate all customers currently on holiday in Kenya, including our air fare passengers back to the UK on Thursday and Friday," Thomson said in a statement. A day before the evacuations, the UK Foreign Office advised against nonessential travel to various areas, including  the Mombasa coastal region. It urged tourists with nonessential travel to leave. "There is a high threat from terrorism, including kidnapping ... from extremists linked to Al-Shabaab, a militant group that has carried out attacks in response to Kenya's military intervention in Somalia," the UK alert said. The United States also updated its travel warning this week, citing the potential for terrorist attacks in Nairobi and the coastal cities of Mombasa and Diani. Australia also urged its nationals to reconsider travel to those areas. Kenyan authorities described the warnings as "unfriendly acts" and said security remains a top priority. "Issuance of such travel advisories only plays to ... spread fear and panic," the Kenyan Foreign Ministry said in a statement. The Kenyan military crossed into Somalia in 2011 to battle the terrorist group Al-Shabaab, which it blamed for kidnapping tourists in the coastal region. In retaliation, the terrorist group has launched a spate of attacks, including targeting bustling bus stations with grenades. Last year, militants stormed the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and held shoppers under siege for days. At least 67 people were killed. There are about 5,000 British nationals living along the Kenyan coast, according to the Foreign Office. About 10% of those are in Mombasa and surrounding areas.
highlights: About 200 people evacuated so far . Thomson Airways says it's canceling trips to Mombasa until the end of October . The evacuation comes after U.S., Australia, UK issue travel alerts . Kenyan authorities describe the warnings as "unfriendly acts"
id: 9a408a127393d6cb2233fc143ed58ad4f71e0886
chatgpt: In response to recent travel alerts issued by the United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom, about 200 people have been evacuated from the coastal city of Mombasa, Kenya. The evacuations are in response to potential terrorist threats in the area. Thomson Airways has canceled all trips to Mombasa until the end of October. The travel alerts warn of potential terrorist attacks aimed at Westerners in Mombasa and other parts of Kenya. These alerts have led to fear and panic among tourism stakeholders in the country. Kenyan authorities have criticized the warnings as "unfriendly acts," claiming that they were not based on credible intelligence. Despite the Kenyan government's dismissal of the alerts, Western countries have continued to urge caution when traveling to Kenya. The U.S. State Department issued a warning on September 25 advising U.S. citizens to avoid non-essential travel to areas within 60 kilometers of the Kenya-Somalia border. The same day, Australia issued a travel warning advising its citizens to exercise a high degree of caution when traveling to Kenya. The warnings from the United States and Australia follow a similar advisory by the United Kingdom's Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The FCO updated its travel advice for Kenya on September 23, warning that "the threat from terrorism in Kenya is high and there is a heightened threat of terrorist attacks in Mombasa and the northeast counties of Mandera, Wajir, Garissa and Tana River." The Kenyan government has criticized these alerts and requested that the United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom provide more information to back up their claims of potential attacks. In a statement issued on September 25, Kenyan Interior Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiang'i stated that "Kenya has the capacity and ability to secure all its citizens and visitors," and that travel advisories are "unfriendly acts" which may have political and economic purposes. Amid the escalating rhetoric, Thomson Airways announced that it will cancel all trips to Mombasa until the end of October due to the travel alerts. The move has further emphasized the effect of travel warnings on Kenya's tourism industry, which is already grappling with the fallout of previous terrorist incidents.