article: By . Associated  Press Reporter . The eighth annual Wisconsin Wife Carry Championship Race was a big hit again this year, especially for Jon Fenrick of Middleton. The 29-year-old Monona police officer captured the title Friday after . he slung his 103-pound wife over his shoulders and completed the . obstacle course in a minute flat. With the victory he takes home $525 — . plus his wife’s weight in beer, the Wisconsin State Journal reported. The winner of the eighth annual Wisconsin Wife Carry Championship Race was awarded $5 for each pound of their wife's weight plus her weight in beer . A 29-year-old Monona police officer (not pictured) captured the title after he slung his 103-pound wife over his shoulders and completed the obstacle course in a minute flat . The contest, an internationally sanctioned event, was a big . attraction at the Monona Community Festival. More than a dozen couples . competed in front of hundreds of cheering fans. The course challenges runners to slog 850 feet through tires, bales . of hay and a water pit. It only took Fenrick 60 seconds to complete the . course, but he said it was the longest minute of his life. 'Absolutely, without a doubt,' he said. 'This is awesome.' His wife, Angie, weighs 103 pounds, 2 pounds under the required . minimum weight of 105, but the couple wasn’t penalized. More than a dozen couples competed in front of hundreds of cheering fans . Their prize was . $5 for every pound, based on her weight being 105 pounds, as well as her . weight in beer — five cases’ worth. The generally preferred carrying position is to have the wife hang . down the man’s back with her legs over his shoulders. The women are . required to wear bicycle helmets, and each couple has to sign a . liability waiver. The event is open to straight and same-sex couples, and the entrance fee is $40. The cash and beer awards are enticing, but some people are . intimidated by the race course 'because it is somewhat challenging,' organizer Eric Redding said. The women are required to wear bicycle helmets, and each couple has to sign a liability waiver . Newlyweds Todd and Anna Robinson, of San Jose, California, can attest . to that. Todd Robinson, 57, a Milwaukee native, said he wished he’d . trained more. He also promised his wife beforehand that if he got too tired he’d slow to a walk rather than risk dropping her. 'On that last hay bale when my legs were rubber, I remembered my promise not to drop her,' he said. As Wisconsin champs, the Fenricks are now eligible to represent the . state at the North American Wife Carrying Championships in October in . Maine.
highlights: Jon Fenrick, 29, carried his 103-pound wife over the course in a minute flat . Wife weighed the equivalent of five cases of beer . Competitors must fight through tires, bales of hay, and a water pit .
id: 6c58d27cb76e8c7d9045d354af1fb4d7c314c4b1
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a display of incredible strength and endurance, Jon Fenrick, a 29-year-old from Montana, carried his 103-pound wife over a grueling obstacle course in just one minute. Fenrick, who had been training for the event for months, was competing in the annual “Husband Carry” race, which took place last weekend in the small town of Heartwell. The race, which has been a fixture in Heartwell for over a decade, requires competitors to traverse a series of obstacles, including tires, bales of hay, and a water pit, all while carrying their partner on their back. The couple’s combined weight cannot be less than 105 pounds, and the course is roughly 200 yards long. For Fenrick and his wife, who weighs the equivalent of five cases of beer, the event was a chance to showcase their love and commitment to each other, as well as their athleticism. Speaking to reporters after the race, Fenrick said that he had always been a competitive athlete, but had never done anything quite like this before. “I’ve been running marathons and competing in Tough Mudder events for years, but this was a whole different level of intensity,” he said. “But at the end of the day, it’s all about love and teamwork, and that’s what we’re all about.” Fenrick and his wife were not the only participants in the race, of course. Dozens of couples from across the region had come to Heartwell to test their mettle on the course, and the competition was fierce. Some couples had been training for months, while others were more casual participants looking for a fun way to spend a weekend. Despite the challenges posed by the obstacles, Fenrick and his wife managed to stay in the lead for much of the race, thanks to their combination of speed and agility. They were able to navigate the hay bales with ease, and Fenrick’s strength allowed him to carry his wife through the water pit without slowing down. In the end, Fenrick and his wife crossed the finish line with a time of one minute flat, earning them first place and a cash prize of $500. Fenrick said that while winning was certainly a thrill, the real reward was the experience of competing alongside his wife and showing what they were capable of. “This event is all about celebrating love and teamwork, and that’s exactly what we did today,” he said. “We’re already looking forward to next year’s race, and we’re going to keep training hard to make sure we’re ready.”