article: Thousands of Britons were among those caught up in travel chaos today as Air France cancelled half of its flights because of strike action. Pilots working for the troubled airline were taking action against its plan to pour more money into its low-cost subsidiary Transavia. The strike, which is expected to cost around £15m a day, saw lengthy queues building up at major airports as thousands were stranded. The strike, which is expected to cost around £15m a day, saw large queues building up at major airports as thousands were stranded . ‘It’s an absolutely chaotic situation – I’m desperate to get to Nice from Paris but nothing seems to be moving,’ said businessman David Newman, who is originally from Birmingham. ‘Lots of services have been cancelled completely, but information is very hard to come by. It’s a ridiculous situation. ‘Air travel in France is always being hit by strikes – the country needs to sort this matter out.’ Britons are the biggest visitor group in the world to Paris, while thousands of others use France as a hub to get to other parts of the world. Air France sent 65,000 text messages to passengers warning them about cancellations and delays, but thousands just turned up anyway. A company spokesman urged those ‘who have booked a flight between September 15 and 22 to delay their trip, change their ticket free of charge or claim a refund.’ Dozens of British passengers were stuck at Marseille-Marignane airport in the south of France on Monday . An Air France spokesman warned those who have a flight booked with the airline for the next week to 'delay their trip, change their ticket free of charge or claim a refund’ Jean-Philippe Beauchene, another stranded passenger, said: ‘What are we meant to do, just sit at home when we’re meant to be somewhere else?’ ‘At least while you’re at the airport you have a slim chance of travelling. Just giving up is not an option for most people.’ SNPL, the main pilots’ union at Air France, warned that up to 80 per cent of flights could be cancelled as the strike continues into this week. Air France employees fear that the development of their low-cost operator, Transavia, will lead to jobs being outsourced to other companies, and permanent jobs being reduced to part-time contracts. Jean-Louis Barber, the head of the SNPL union, told France’s AFP news agency: ‘This is about a point of principle. We’re not even talking about a rise in wages. Mr Barber added: ‘If the strike continues beyond September 15, the flight schedule will be modified as a result. The knock-on effects will be communicated to passengers the day before they are due to leave.’ In response to the strike, British company EasyJet on Saturday laid on 1,000 extra seats on flights from Paris to Toulouse and Nice.
highlights: A strike by Air France pilots left thousands of Brits stranded at airports . Airline sent 65,000 text messages to passengers warning them about delays . Everyone booked on a flight this week should delay trip, warns company .
id: a2648ae640a8f878f2211827669fcd1272a132f3
chatgpt: A strike by Air France pilots has left thousands of British travelers stranded at airports across the country. The strike, which began on Monday, has led to the cancellation of more than half of the airline's flights. In response to the strike, Air France sent out 65,000 text messages to passengers warning them about potential delays and cancellations. The airline has also advised anyone who was booked on a flight this week to delay their trip. Many travelers have been left frustrated and angry by the disruption caused by the strike. Some have reported having to wait in long lines for hours to try to rebook their flights or find alternative means of transportation. "I can't believe this is happening," said one traveler who had been stranded at an airport in London. "I was supposed to be on a flight to Paris today, but now I don't know when or if I'll be able to get there." The strike comes as Air France faces financial challenges and pressure to cut costs. The airline has been trying to negotiate a new contract with its pilots, but talks have broken down in recent weeks. In a statement, Air France said it was "deeply sorry" for the inconvenience caused by the strike and was doing everything it could to minimize the impact on passengers. "We understand how frustrating and stressful this situation can be for our customers, and we are working around the clock to find solutions to their travel problems," the statement said. Passengers are being advised to check the status of their flights before heading to the airport and to allow extra time for potential delays. Air France is also offering refunds or rebooking options for affected customers. The strike has also had a wider impact on the airline industry, with other airlines reporting an influx of passengers trying to rebook their flights. EasyJet, for instance, said it had seen a significant increase in bookings in the wake of the Air France strike. The strike is just the latest in a series of disruptions faced by the airline industry in recent months. In April, Southwest Airlines had to cancel thousands of flights after a technical glitch caused major scheduling problems. And last year, British Airways faced a major IT failure that led to the cancellation of more than 300 flights. As the airline industry faces mounting challenges, passengers are being advised to stay informed and be prepared for potential disruptions. While strikes and other disruptions are often out of passengers' control, there are steps they can take to minimize the impact of such events, such as checking the status of their flights and having a backup plan in case of delays or cancellations.