article: Angel di Maria's first Manchester United goal on his home debut may have looked fortunate, but the Argentine has claimed it was deliberate. Di Maria's free-kick from 35 yards out was the opening goal in United's 4-0 Premier League win over QPR. The Argentine's strike looked like a cross as he whipped a ball into the box, before it evaded everyone on its way to bouncing and settling into the top corner. You can like our Manchester United Facebook page here . VIDEO Scroll down to watch Van Gaal: Angel di Maria was fantastic against QPR . Spanish speaker Juan Mata helped interpret Angel di Maria post match interview . Mata and Di Maria share a joke in the post-match interview following Manchester United's 4-0 win over QPR . Mata presents Di Maria with his Man of the Match award in the Old Trafford tunnel . But the £63million summer arrival from Real Madrid has denied he was intending to pick out a team-mate, insisting the goal came straight from the club's training ground. Through the interpretation of fellow Spanish speaker Juan Mata, the Argentine revealed his delight at scoring his first goal for Manchester United after being named the Man of the Match. 'I'm very happy to score my first goal at home,' Di Maria told Sky Sports. 'We've been practicing it in training all week and I done it then, so it's no surprise for me.' Click here for more maps and stats with our excellent Match Zone . Sportsmail's Match Zone shows the distance from which Angel di Maria scored his free-kick . Manchester United's Angel di Maria plays his free-kick into the QPR box . Di Maris's lobbed delivery is aimed towards the far post as QPR goalkeeper Robert Green's tracks the ball . The ball fails to take a touch on the way through as he it heads for the far corner . Di Maria celebrates as Green fails to get across in time to cut out the effort . Following goals from Ander Herrera and Rooney, Mata also got on the United score sheet and claimed United were a much better team following Louis van Gaal's first win as United boss. 'We played much better than the first games. From beginning to the last minute we tried to score and with the players we have, we have to score lots of goals and be compact in defence. Hopefully this is the first step in a good run of results.' Angel di Maria celebrates after scoring his first Manchester United goal on his home debut . Di Maria was substituted late on before being congratulated by United boss Louis van Gaal .
highlights: Angel di Maria scored first Manchester United goal on home debut . Argentine netted 35-yard free-kick in 4-0 win over QPR at Old Trafford . Juan Mata helped interpret Argentine's post-match interview .
id: fcb46902917754071fd2c730c1346c8ba4803353
chatgpt: Manchester United fans were treated to a spectacular display on Sunday as Argentine winger Angel di Maria scored his first goal for the team at home in a 4-0 win over Queens Park Rangers (QPR) at Old Trafford. Di Maria opened the scoring with a stunning 35-yard free-kick in the 24th minute, which sailed over the QPR goalkeeper and into the top right corner of the net. The strike had the United faithful on their feet and cheering, as they welcomed their new star player to the club in style. The Argentine's performance earned him the man of the match award, and he was also supported by his teammate Juan Mata who helped interpret his post-match interview. "I'm really happy to have scored my first goal for the team at home. It's always a special moment to score in front of the Old Trafford faithful," said Di Maria after the game, with Mata by his side translating his words from Spanish to English. The win marks a crucial step forward for United after they suffered a defeat to Swansea on the opening day of the season. The Old Trafford team needed a boost and they got it with the arrival of Di Maria, who has quickly become a fan favourite. United manager Louis van Gaal was also pleased with his team's performance, saying, "We played well today and deserved to win. Angel's goal was fantastic, and he is just the type of player we need in this team." QPR, on the other hand, were left with a bitter taste in their mouth after being dominated throughout the game. Despite their best efforts, they could not muster up enough chances to challenge the United defense and goalkeeper David de Gea. The QPR manager, Harry Redknapp, expressed his disappointment at the loss, but remained hopeful for his team's future performance. "I thought we played well in patches, but United were just too strong for us today. We need to work hard and improve, but I'm confident that we can bounce back in the next game," said Redknapp. It's clear that the arrival of Di Maria has had a positive impact on the United team, and his performance on Sunday is just a taste of what is to come from the Argentine winger. The team will be hoping he can continue his fine form when they take on Leicester City next week. For now, United fans can bask in the glory of a convincing win and the sight of their new hero scoring his first goal at home. It's a promising sign of things to come for the Old Trafford faithful.