article: (CNN) -- The saying goes that a bad workman blames his tools but Roger Federer refused to pin a shock defeat in Hamburg on his new racquet. Federer, who is experimenting with a larger tennis racquet at the German tennis championships, was stunned in the semi-finals by qualifier Federico Delbonis, the world no. 114. "He was better than me," said Federer, who lost a tight match 7-6 (9-7) 7-6 (7-4) to the Argentine. "I don't think it had much to do with the racquet. "Both sets could have gone either way. It's clearly a pity I couldn't win either of the sets because I was starting to feel better towards the end of the match. "Unfortunately I couldn't push him further and create more chances. "I tried everything I could at this tournament. It's been a difficult week." Federer entered the Hamburg clay-court tournament to try and rediscover some form after a dismal Wimbledon. The Swiss winner of a record 17 grand slams made a shock second-round exit at the All England Club championships at the hands of 116th ranked Sergiy Stakhovsky. Part of his plan to get back to his best has been a decision to play with a larger 98-inch square frame racquet -- eight inches larger than his previous racquet. Explaining his decision to try out the racquet in Hamburg earlier this week, Federer said on the ATP Tour website: "I've been very close on numerous occasions to changing racquets in a bigger way. "But then very often, time was the issue. Maybe also just the records of grand slams - I was always keeping on playing quarters and semis - so then it was also a bit more difficult to change it because of the time. "After I lost at Wimbledon, I thought this is a good time to go and test the racquets, to take a bit of time off and then add some tournaments and see was there enough time to change or not. "I'm happy I did the change and now we'll see how it goes." Federer -- who dropped from third to fifth in the world rankings after his Wimbledon loss -- will now head home to Switzerland to play at Gstaad next week. Delbonis now faces Fabio Fognini for the Hamburg title after the Italian beat Spain's Nicolas Almagro 6-4 7-6 (7-1).
highlights: Roger Federer loses in the semi-finals of the German Tennis Championships . Federer beaten by world No.114 Argentine Federico Delbonis in straight sets . The Swiss 17-time grand slam winner is trialling a new racquet with a larger frame . Federer said early Wimbledon exit was a good time to make the switch .
id: 42cdd8846a40a8a878d65d4769cbe7dcc54513db
chatgpt: In a shocking upset at the German Tennis Championships, world No. 114 Federico Delbonis defeated 17-time grand slam winner Roger Federer in straight sets in the semi-finals. Federer, who was trialling a new racquet with a larger frame in the tournament, seemed to struggle with his new gear as Delbonis dominated the match. Despite the Swiss player's efforts, Delbonis won the first set 7-6 and the second 7-6, securing his spot in the final. Federer had made the decision to switch to the new racquet after his early Wimbledon exit, seeing it as a good opportunity for a change. He had reportedly been working hard to adjust to the new equipment, but it seemed to have had a negative impact on his game in this match. After the match, Federer spoke to reporters about his loss and his experience with the new racquet. "It's tough to lose a match like this, but I'm still optimistic about the future," he said. "I knew it was going to take some time to adapt to the new racquet, and I'm still figuring out the right way to play with it." Despite the disappointing loss, Federer remained positive about his future prospects. "I'm committed to making this work," he said. "I believe that the new racquet will ultimately help me improve my game and stay competitive on the court." Federer's defeat will be a major blow to his fans and tennis enthusiasts around the world, who have come to expect nothing but the best from the legendary player. However, it's clear that he is willing to take risks and make changes in order to stay at the top of his game. Delbonis, on the other hand, will no doubt be basking in the glory of his victory over one of the greatest players in tennis history. The Argentine player will face either Nikoloz Basilashvili or Diego Schwartzman in the final, and will be hoping to continue his impressive form and lift the trophy in Germany.