article: LA Galaxy head coach Bruce Arena broke down in tears live on TV while talking about the retirement of star player Landon Donovan. Donovan, who was left out of Jurgen Klinsmann's Team USA squad for the World Cup in Brazil this summer, announced on Thursday that he is set to retire at the end of the current MLS season. After hearing the news Arena, who first worked with the 32-year-old at the 2002 World Cup, paid tribute to the man widely considered to be the USA's greatest ever footballer. Emotion: Arena is asked about Donovan's impact on him, both as a person and a coach, in a TV interview . Food for thought: The Galaxy head coach takes a long pause to think about Team USA's greatest ever player . Too much: The former American  coach is unable to hold back the tears as he recalls Donovan's career . But, when asked about the player's personal impact on his coach, Arena broke down, as he seemingly failed to come to terms with the question. 'There are people in our lives that make a difference, and he has as a player, and as a person,' said Arena. 'I’ve seen him as a young kid, now I see him as a man, seeing him at the end of a career.' 'It’s unbelievably ironic that I’ve seen him as a baby in this sport and now a man that’s leaving.' Successful: Donovan celebrates with the MLS Cup in 2011 . Stars of the game: Donovan played with the likes of David Beckham during his time at LA Galaxy . Premier League move: Donovan featured for Everton on two separate loan spells . 'To see the joy he had today and also to witness the suffering he’s experienced throughout his career…to see that range of emotions and now to see that he’s happy again, it’s emotional to me.' Donovan has been with the Galaxy since 2005, and will retire at the end of the current MLS season.
highlights: Donovan retiring after nine years with the Galaxy . Coach Bruce Arena breaks down on TV talking about American forward . Arena has worked with Donovan since the player was 20 .
id: 4386aa835f736a0603ce3099b69051fae17d3adf
chatgpt: LA Galaxy forward Landon Donovan has announced his retirement after nine years with the club. The 32-year-old American soccer star made the announcement in a tearful press conference. His coach Bruce Arena also expressed his emotions while speaking to reporters. Donovan is one of the most decorated American soccer players in history. He has scored 145 regular-season goals, making him Major League Soccer's (MLS) all-time leading scorer, as well as being the league's all-time assist leader with 136 assists. He has played in three World Cups with the US national team and won six MLS titles during his time with the San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy. Coach Bruce Arena broke down on television while discussing the news. Arena has worked with Donovan since the forward was just 20 years old. "It's been an honor to have coached Landon," he said, wiping away tears. "He's certainly one of the all-time greats in American soccer history." Donovan's departure from the Galaxy marks the end of an era for the team, which had relied on his talent and leadership for close to a decade. The forward thanked his teammates and fans for their support and said that it was time for him to move on to the next chapter of his life. "I never thought I'd be able to make it to nine years with one club," Donovan told reporters. "It's been an incredible journey and I'm grateful for all the memories." The Galaxy are currently in fourth place in the Western Conference standings, trailing the Seattle Sounders FC by seven points. Donovan's final home game will be on Sunday, October 19th, against the Seattle Sounders at StubHub Center. Donovan's retirement is a significant loss to the Galaxy and to the MLS as a whole. Many soccer fans see Donovan as a trailblazer who helped to raise the profile of American soccer. His skill, work ethic and leadership will be missed on the field, but his legacy will live on as he moves on to the next chapter of his life.