article: League One Peterborough have parted ways with manager Darren Ferguson following Posh's 3-0 defeat to MK Dons on Saturday. Ferguson's side found themselves three goals down at half time with William Grigg and Ben Reeves sending the hosts into a commanding position. The away side made two changes with 35 minutes gone, but it wasn't enough as Peterborough lost the game and Ferguson lost his job on Saturday. Darren Ferguson celebrates with the trophy during the Johnstone's Paint Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium . Peterborough chairman Darragh MacAnthony said: ‘We have had over eight incredible years together with tremendous success on and off the field. ‘I will be forever in his debt for the great times, fantastic football and professionalism he has brought to our football club. ‘I also have no doubt that wherever he goes next, it will lead to great success for him and the club he next works for.’ Former Peterborough manager Ferguson during a pre season friendly against Aston Villa in 2012 . The club has also parted ways with Gary Breen, Gavin Strachan, Jimmy Walker, Stewart England and Marc Lindsey. Peterborough have won just one of their previous five league games and currently sit 15th in the table – four points off the play off places. MacAnthony added: ‘It has not been our finest six months results wise or performance wise as a football. Ferguson looks dejected as he consoles Jack Payne during the  Championship match against Crystal Palace . ‘Some fans have questioned my own commitment, interest, investment and passion for this football club recently; so to them I say with full sincerity and honesty. 'I am hungrier than ever to get this club back into the Championship and beyond and to deliver on the promises I have made to the city of Peterborough. ‘I won’t stop until we are scoring goals for fun, entertaining our fans, building our fan base and winning promotions once more with a young exciting vibrant squad.’
highlights: Darren Ferguson has left Peterborough after more than eight years . His departure follows Peterborough's 3-0 defeat to MK Dons on Saturday . Ferguson's coaching staff have also left the club following the defeat . Peterborough have won just one of their previous five league games .
id: 244439926c5ad07abe5637c051142e8ad9d6858c
chatgpt: Peterborough United has announced that manager Darren Ferguson has left the club after more than eight years in charge. The announcement came after the team's 3-0 defeat to fellow League One side MK Dons on Saturday. Ferguson's coaching staff, which includes Gavin Strachan, Aaron Mclean, and Mark Tyler, have also left the club following the disappointing result. The news of the manager's departure has come as a shock to many fans, who had expected him to stay and turn around the team's recent poor form. Peterborough United has struggled in recent matches, winning just one of their previous five league games. This poor run of form has caused concern among the club's supporters, with many of them calling for changes to be made. Ferguson had been in charge of Peterborough United since January 2011, leading the team to playoff success in the 2010/11 season. He has also helped the club to secure promotion to the Championship twice during his tenure. In a statement released by the club, Peterborough United Chairman Darragh MacAnthony thanked Ferguson for his commitment and dedication to the team over the years. He said, "I want to put on record my sincere thanks to Darren for his hard work and dedication during his time as manager. He has been an integral part of our success in recent years, and we wish him all the best for the future." Peterborough United is now looking for a new manager to lead the team during the rest of the season. The club's Chief Executive, Bob Symns, said that the search for a new manager has already begun. He said, "We are now looking for a new manager to take us forward, and we are confident that we will find the right person for the job. We will be working hard to ensure that the new manager has the support and resources they need to succeed." The news of Ferguson's departure has come as a blow to Peterborough United fans, but many of them are hopeful that a new manager will be able to turn the team's fortunes around. The search for a new manager is now underway, and it is hoped that a new appointment will be announced soon.