article: By . Chris Hastings . Doctor Who's assistant Clara Oswald is in for a rude awakening when she’s teamed up with new Time Lord Peter Capaldi. In the last series she had the Doctor – as played by Matt Smith – under her thumb. But that’s all set to change now that The Thick Of It’s Capaldi has taken over as the Doctor. Scroll down for video . Off kilter: Jenna Coleman with new Doctor Peter Capaldi . Steven Moffat, writer and producer of the BBC1 series, says the new Doctor will ‘bare his fangs’ as Clara’s world is turned upside town with the arrival of an older and ‘ruder’ Time Lord to replace his lovestruck predecessor. ‘The most interesting thing is what the change of Doctor does to Clara,’ he says. ‘Matt Smith’s Doctor was “Look at me, I am cool because look at who I get to hang out with”. He was like a puppy waiting to roll over and have his stomach tickled. ‘Clara was the control freak who had the controllable Doctor. It was a stable relationship and they were a lovely couple. But now the Doctor grows his fangs back and she thinks, bloody hell, that is hard.’ Moffat says the pair would become friends in time but the new version of the Doctor was not an easy man to pin down. Sudden change: Coleman said her character, Clara Oswald, is faced with an unprecedented challenge by the new Doctor - who will insist he is not her 'boyfriend' ‘He is more uncontrollable, way less predictable.’ Capaldi’s Doctor – who makes his debut in a feature-length episode set in Victorian London shown on BBC1 on Saturday, August 23 – wastes no time in trying to put Oswald, played by Jenna Coleman, in her place. He struggles to remember who she is after his regeneration and asks if she is the one who asks a lot of questions. He refers to her as a control freak and puts her life in danger. His distinctively Scottish Time Lord also leaves her in no doubt that, contrary to what they may have thought in the past, he is not her ‘boyfriend’. Capaldi, 56, is best known for his foul-mouthed spin doctor Malcolm Tucker in the political sitcom The Thick Of It. Coleman, 28, said: ‘Peter’s casting has thrown everything off kilter, especially for Clara. Suddenly she is faced with this man that she can’t figure out or control.’
highlights: Who assistant Clara Oswald will be in for a shock with new Doctor . Mr Moffat said Matt Smith's Time Lord was 'like a puppy' By contrast, Peter Capaldi's distinctly Scottish version is 'less predictable'
id: 454e402290c7ba4bba05f88a5d785dbbc18d1120
chatgpt: Doctor Who's companion Clara Oswald will be in for a shock when she meets the newest incarnation of the Doctor, played by Scottish actor Peter Capaldi. Steven Moffat, the show's executive producer, described Capaldi's Time Lord as "less predictable" compared to Matt Smith's "like a puppy" style. Fans of the long-running British science fiction show are eagerly anticipating the new season, which will premiere on August 23. The previous season ended with the shocking departure of Smith's Doctor, and the introduction of Capaldi's character in the final moments of the episode sparked much excitement and speculation among viewers. Capaldi, best known for his work in Scottish dramas and in the political satire "The Thick of It," brings a fresh energy to his portrayal of the iconic character. Moffat has promised that the new season will be "darker" than previous ones, with more emphasis on the horror and suspense elements of the show. Clara Oswald, played by Jenna Coleman, has been a popular companion on the show since her debut in 2012. Her chemistry with Smith's Doctor was a highlight of the previous season, but her relationship with Capaldi's more serious and intense character is sure to be a different dynamic altogether. Fans of the show have taken to social media to speculate about how Clara will react to the new Doctor. Many are predicting a tense and dramatic season, with lots of twists and turns along the way. Moffat has remained tight-lipped about the exact direction of the show, but he has teased that the new Doctor will be a more alien character, with less of the human-like qualities that Smith's Doctor often displayed. The upcoming season will also feature a number of high-profile guest stars, including legendary British actress Diana Rigg and comedian Frank Skinner. Moffat has promised that the show will continue to be "unpredictable and exciting," and that Capaldi's Doctor will be a "game-changer" for the series. Doctor Who has been a beloved fixture of British television since its debut in 1963. The show has had a number of different actors play the role of the Doctor, each with their own unique spin on the character. Capaldi's take on the iconic time-traveler is eagerly awaited by fans and critics alike, and is sure to be one of the most talked-about aspects of the upcoming season. In conclusion, the Doctor Who fandom is thrilled with anticipation for the new season, which will feature a major shift in the iconic character's portrayal. The new Doctor, played by Scottish actor Peter Capaldi, promises to be more unpredictable and intense than previous incarnations, with a darker and more horror-filled tone to the show. Clara Oswald will also be in for a surprise, as she adapts to the new Doctor's more alien nature. Fans are eagerly awaiting this new chapter in the show's long and illustrious history, which promises to be exciting, unpredictable, and unforgettable.