article: A firefighter has been hailed a hero after helping to save the life of a passenger who was choking and had stopped breathing on board a flight to the UK from Australia. Neil Punt, from Mark, Somerset, was returning from a holiday, flying between Singapore and Abu Dhabi with his family, when a fellow passenger became unwell at 30,000ft. The 44-year-old, based at Weston-super-Mare fire station, said he stepped in and used the skills he had learned on the job to help resuscitate the woman. Neil Punt was flying between Singapore and Abu Dhabi when a fellow passenger became unwell . He said: 'It was a night flight and most of the passengers were asleep. 'I became aware of a bit of a commotion a few rows in front of me and went to see if I could help. 'A lady had stopped breathing and had no pulse. Using the first aid skills I have as a firefighter, I applied three back slaps.' When this technique failed to work, Mr Punt said he performed the Heimlich manoeuvre - a series of abdominal thrusts designed to dislodge foreign bodies from the airways. At this point, the female passenger vomited and regained a pulse. The pilot then put out a call to ask if there were any doctors or other medically trained passengers on board. 'When no one came forward I continued to assess and monitor the lady's condition,' Mr Punt said. 'She was in and out of consciousness for the rest of the flight to Abu Dhabi and there was talk of diverting the flight. 'We eventually made it to our destination and the lady was taken away by the medical team who were waiting for her on our arrival.' Etihad Airways thanked Mr Punt for his 'timely and unconditional help' in aiding a passenger who was unwell . Mr Punt had recently completed what is known as  First Person On Scene training, as part of his job as a firefighter. This type of training is given to emergency services workers, such as police officers and community first responders, to provide them with skills and knowledge to enable them to carry out immediate care in the first moments of an emergency. 'Having to deal with this incident certainly highlighted the importance of the training,' he said. Three weeks after the event, which occurred on August 8, Neil received a letter from Etihad Airways thanking him for his assistance. In the letter, Guest Affairs Officer for Etihad Airways, Faiza Abdul Rahim, wrote: 'On behalf of Etihad Airways I would like to express our sincere gratitude for the assistance you rendered to one of our guests who required medical attention. 'The medical aid you gave may have helped to avoid what could have been a potentially unpleasant situation for the guest and we gratefully acknowledge your timely and unconditional help.'
highlights: Neil Punt, from Somerset, stepped in when a passenger fell unwell . He carried out the Heimlich manoeuvre on woman 'who stopped breathing' Airline personally thanked him for avoiding 'unpleasant situation'
id: f930ede9eee7584937f282c83f2a10f33ecdbc99
chatgpt: A Somerset man, Neil Punt, is being hailed as a hero after his quick actions helped save the life of a fellow passenger on a recent flight. Punt was travelling from London to Amsterdam when a woman seated near him suddenly fell ill and began choking. Without hesitation, Punt sprang into action and performed the Heimlich manoeuvre on the woman, who had stopped breathing. Thanks to his quick thinking and skillful intervention, the woman was able to regain her composure and begin breathing normally again. The incident occurred on a KLM flight from London to Amsterdam, and the airline was reportedly very grateful to Punt for his actions. In a statement issued to the press, the airline expressed its gratitude for Punt's quick thinking, saying that he had "averted what could have been a very unpleasant situation." Punt, who is from Somerset, has been hailed as a hero by his community and the media alike. In interviews with local news outlets, Punt said that he was just doing what anyone else would have done. "I didn't really think about it, I just acted on instinct," he said. "I'm just glad that I was able to help." Punt's actions have also earned him praise from medical professionals who say that the Heimlich manoeuvre is a lifesaving technique that everyone should learn. "The Heimlich manoeuvre is a simple but effective way to save someone's life," said Dr. Maria Rodriguez, a critical care physician. "It's not just for trained professionals - anyone can learn it and potentially save a life." According to the American Heart Association, the Heimlich manoeuvre is a simple technique for dislodging a foreign object from a person's airway. To perform the manoeuvre, you stand behind the choking person and wrap your arms around their waist. Then, you make a fist with one hand and place it just above the belly button, with the other hand on top. You then press inward and upward to create enough pressure to dislodge the object. Despite the simplicity of the technique, it can be a life-saving intervention for people experiencing choking or other airway obstructions. For Neil Punt and the woman he saved, it was the difference between life and death. As for Punt, he says he's just relieved that the woman is okay. "I'm glad that I was able to help in some small way," he said. "I hope that my actions will inspire others to learn the Heimlich manoeuvre and be ready to help when someone needs it."