article: When Guy Scott takes the reins in Zambia, he'll become the first white African President in sub-Saharan Africa since apartheid. Scott became vice president  three years ago. His boss, President Michael Sata, died Tuesday while undergoing treatment for an unknown illness in London. Zambia's constitution requires fresh elections within 90 days. Until then, Scott, who is of Scottish descent, assumes interim presidency. It's unclear, however, whether he can run for President in the elections.  The nation's constitution says a candidate's parents must have been born in Zambia; his were not. Scott makes history . Scott was born in 1944 in Livingstone, Northern Rhodesia, which later became Zambia after independence from Britain. Shortly after his graduation from Cambridge University and University of Sussex with a degree in economics and a doctorate in cognitive science, he returned home and worked for the finance ministry. He later took a break from the ministry and ventured into wheat and strawberry farming.  But politics wooed him back in in 1990, when he was elected to chair the nation's agriculture committee. "Dr Scott's participation in Zambian politics was inspired by his late father, who was an ally of Zambian nationalists and a founder of anti-colonial government newspapers including the African Mail, now the Zambia Daily Mail," a profile on his party website says. His father was a member of parliament for the capital of Lusaka before independence. Before joining Sata's opposition party, which became the ruling party three years ago, he briefly left politics to focus on his agricultural business. His new position will put him in the history books. South African President Frederik de Klerk was the continent's last white President. His party lost to Nelson Mandela's African National Congress in South Africa's first multiracial, fully democratic elections in 1994. De Klerk took a deputy position in the new government for two years.
highlights: Guy Scott will be first white African President in sub-Saharan Africa since apartheid . He is interim President, but it's unclear whether he'll be allowed to run . Zambia's constitution says a candidate's parents must be natives . Scott's ancestry is Scottish .
id: 863ce9864075472fc3c2e63e9965065b8eb07741
chatgpt: Guy Scott, the interim President of Zambia, could potentially become the first white African President in sub-Saharan Africa since apartheid. Although he is currently serving as interim President, it is unclear if he will be permitted to run for the nation's highest office due to his heritage. Zambia's constitution stipulates that a presidential candidate's parents must be natives of the country. Unfortunately for Scott, his ancestry can be traced back to Scotland. This could potentially prevent him from running for office, despite his current status as interim President. Scott became Zambia's interim leader in 2014, following the untimely death of then-President Michael Sata. He served as Vice President of the country at the time, making him the first white person to hold the position. Despite being in a position of power, Scott has been vocal about the challenges he faces as a white person in Africa. Speaking in a 2016 interview, he discussed the difficulties of navigating African politics as a non-native. He also noted that his race was not a factor in his appointment as interim President, but rather his qualifications and experience. The issue of Scott's eligibility for the presidency has sparked debate within Zambia. Some argue that the constitution should be amended to allow for more diverse candidates, including those with mixed or foreign heritage. Others maintain that the current requirements are necessary to preserve Zambian identity and sovereignty. Regardless of whether or not Scott is able to run for President, his tenure as interim leader is historic. He has been praised for his transparency and commitment to democracy during a time of uncertainty in the country. As Zambia moves towards its next presidential election, the question of who will lead the nation remains unanswered. Whether it will be Guy Scott or another candidate, the future of Zambia is in the hands of its citizens.