article: British football fans tuning in to see Luis Suarez’s highly-anticipated Barcelona debut at Real Madrid will miss the first 15 minutes of El Clasico. The game – on Saturday, October 25 - kicks off at 5pm (BST) but broadcasting rules in the UK mean Sky Sports cannot show any action until 5.15pm. This is because coverage of live football is not allowed between 2.45pm and 5.15pm on Saturdays during the season in a bid to protect attendances at 3pm matches. Luis Suarez celebrates winning the Golden Shoe award in Barcelona on Wednesday night . Lionel Messi celebrates scoring Barcelona's third goal in a seven-goal thriller against Real Madrid in March . Former West Ham left back Scott Minto airs his views on the Revista de La Liga show on Sky Sports . Spanish football expert Guillem Balague discusses the future of Ronaldo on the show last month . Gareth Bale's El Clasico debut was also not available to UK users until after the 15-minute mark, as elsewhere he looks to restart the game with Cristiano Ronaldo during the narrow defeat by rivals Barcelona last October . Wayne Routledge, pictured tussling for the ball with Chelsea's Eden Hazard, is expected to feature for Swansea in their Saturday night game on Sky Sports against newly-promoted Leicester . Gareth Bale’s first El Clasico appearance was also affected by the ruling, which dates back to the 1960s. Viewers joined last season’s game at the Nou Camp just in time to see Barcelona’s Neymar open the scoring, with the hosts eventually winning 2-1. Suarez – banned for four months following his bite on Italy’s Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup – is eligible to feature for the first time following his £75million move from Liverpool, but should he start then Sky Sports will have to rely on replays to see any early impact he makes. Viewers, however, will be able to watch build-up to Swansea versus Leicester, which is that evening’s tea-time match. VIDEO Liverpool an important part of my life - Suarez .
highlights: British football fans can however watch the build-up to the tea-time match on Sky Sports between Swansea and Leicester . Luis Suarez's eagerly-awaited debut for Barcelona will not be available for UK users to watch until after 15 minutes . Broadcasting rules in the UK mean Sky Sports cannot show any action until 5.15pm . Suarez won the Golden Shoe after 31 goals for Liverpool last season .
id: b3f70f43bb33764e42496a7d860820e1e029ec79
chatgpt: Football fans in the UK are eagerly anticipating Luis Suarez's debut for Barcelona, but they will have to wait until after 5:15 pm to catch any action. Broadcasting rules in the country prevent Sky Sports from showing any footage before that time. However, fans can still watch the build-up to the tea-time match between Swansea and Leicester on the network. Suarez, who won the Golden Shoe after scoring 31 goals for Liverpool last season, has been the talk of the town since his move to Barcelona earlier this summer. Fans all over the world have been eagerly anticipating his debut, and it's no different in the UK. But Sky Sports viewers will have to exercise patience and wait until 15 minutes after the match starts to see him in action. This is because broadcasting rules in the country prohibit the network from showing any live footage until 5:15 pm. The match between Barcelona and Elche begins at 5 pm UK time. This means that UK viewers will miss out on the first 15 minutes of the game, which will undoubtedly feature Suarez's first few touches for the Catalan side. Despite the disappointment, the anticipation and excitement surrounding Suarez's debut are still high. Fans are counting down the hours until they can finally see the Uruguayan striker in action for Barcelona. Suarez's arrival at the Camp Nou has provided a much-needed boost to a team that finished the last season without any silverware. The Catalan giants have high hopes for the striker and expect him to be a game-changer for them. As for the UK viewers, they will have to wait a little longer to see Suarez in action. But once the clock strikes 5:15 pm, they can finally watch one of the greatest footballers in the world play for his new club.