article: By . Larisa Brown . PUBLISHED: . 08:11 EST, 11 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:18 EST, 11 December 2013 . Human remains discovered in Russia are thought to be those of sailors from a British trawler which disappeared nearly 40 years ago. Family members of those missing have been asked to provide DNA samples after the remains of up to ten bodies were handed to Russian authorities. The Gaul sank in 1974 during a fierce storm off the coast of Norway with the loss of her 36-man crew – but only four bodies were ever found. Investigation: Tests are being carried out to discover whether human remains found in Russia are those of missing sailors from a trawler which sank in 1974 . The ship’s demise in the Barents Sea . has been the subject of speculation, with persistent claims that it was . sunk by the Russians over alleged spying activities. It . has now emerged that villagers found up to ten bodies in the 1970s but . covered them up and did not inform the Russian authorities until much . later. The latest . development is likely to fuel speculation on why it has taken this long . for the British government to be made aware of the discovery. A . police statement said the remains were found on the Rybacky Peninsula . in the Murmansk region of Russia in 1974 or 1975 by people living . nearby. It is understood that a local custom was to use rocks to cover . the bodies of unknown  seafarers, because freezing conditions meant it . was impossible to dig proper graves. Missing: Humberside Police said investigations are being carried out to determine whether the remains discovered on Russia's Rybachy peninsular in 1974 or 1975 were connected to the Gaul . Mystery: Specially trained officers have visited the families of those involved and they have been given the details known about the remains and the ongoing forensic and genetic examinations . It . is not clear why the discovery was not reported at the time, which . happened at the height of the Cold War when tensions between Britain and . Russia were high. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office were only told about the remains in July 2012. Humberside . Police said investigations were being carried out to determine whether . the remains were connected to the Gaul, which was based in Hull. Beryl . Betts, whose brother Billy Jones was a 26-year-old deckhand on the . trawler, said she had ‘mixed feelings’ about the development. Mrs Betts, . 74, from Hull, said officials should have waited until they were . certain the bodies were from the Gaul before approaching the families. When . the Gaul disappeared, there was no distress message and the only . wreckage recovered at the time was a buoy. The vessel was discovered in . 1997 after a privately funded seabed survey. The remains of James Wales, . Maurice Spurgeon, Stanley Collier and Clifford Briggs were found in . 2002.
highlights: The Gaul went down in the Barents Sea off Norway with the loss of 36 men . The reason for its demise has been the subject of speculation . Humberside Police said investigations are being carried out . Want to determine whether the remains discovered on Russia's Rybachy peninsular in 1974 or 1975 were connected to the Gaul .
id: bd3f142163fa2850aaa80474cb0c1d556e81354a
chatgpt: The sinking of the Gaul, a British trawler, in the Barents Sea off Norway in 1974 resulted in the loss of 36 men. For decades, the cause of the ship’s demise was shrouded in speculation and controversy. However, recent developments in the investigation suggest that Russian remains discovered in 1974 or 1975 on the Rybachy peninsular could be connected to the Gaul’s sinking. Humberside Police have disclosed that their investigators are now leading the probe into whether the remains are associated with the vessel. The police have revealed that the remains were found in clothing similar to that worn by the Gaul crew members, leading to suspicion that they may belong to one or some of the lost sailors. The Gaul set sail from Hull, in North England, in February 1974 to fish the rich waters of Norway’s Barents Sea- one of the most deadly seas in the world. The ship was built-in 1959 for the deep-water fishing industry and was well known to be a sturdy vessel. It earned an excellent reputation for fish-finding and was renowned for the quality of fish it landed. However, the Gaul and its crew vanished at sea under mysterious circumstances.  The cause of the sinking of the Gaul remains unclear, though several theories have been advanced. Many pointed their fingers on nasty weather that hit the area around the time the Gaul reported back to Hull for the last time. Others suggested she was sunk by the Russian navy, possibly as part of espionage activities. In the decades that followed, several investigations took place, but none of them found conclusive evidence to point to the cause of the vessel’s sinking. After nearly half a century, Humberside Police reopened the case in 2020 after receiving new information. Their latest discovery that the remains could potentially belong to one or some of the lost sailors has brought new hope of unearthing what truly happened. Humberside Police’s senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector Dave Kirby, said: “In 1974, 36 men set sail to fish for cod and haddock in the Barents Sea. They were never to return home to their families, who could never have imagined the circumstances they disappeared in or the mysteries that would exist for decades around this tragedy.” DCI Kirby further said that "the possibility that some remains found in Rybachy peninsular might be associated with the Gaul is, of course, one that we have to consider if we are to gain a complete understanding of what caused the loss of this fishing vessel over 45 years ago". Humberside Police have noted the importance of the families of those who lost their lives in the tragedy. In a bid to preserve the dignity of the families and their late loved ones, the police have promised to conduct their investigations with utmost sensitivity. The Gaul sailed out of Hull and never returned. The mystery that engulfed her loss has lingered for decades. It is now hoped that forthcoming developments in the investigation could provide the much-needed answers that have eluded the families, colleagues, and friends of those who perished at sea.