article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 15:59 EST, 11 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:51 EST, 12 November 2013 . Ronald Phillips is a death row inmate who raped and killed a three-year-old girl . An Ohio child killer scheduled for execution in two days has asked that his organs be donated to help his sick mother and sister. Lawyers for death row inmate Ronald Phillips say in a letter to the Ohio prisons agency that Phillips would also be willing to donate the organs to other individuals. Phillips' mother has kidney disease and is on dialysis and his sister has a heart condition. The letter obtained today by The Associated Press says Philips wants as many people as possible to benefit from his death. A message was left with the Department of Rehabilitation and Correction seeking comment. The 40-year-old Phillips faces execution on Thursday by a never-tried two-drug combination of a sedative and painkiller. He was sentenced to die for raping and killing his girlfriend's daughter, three-year-old Sheila Marie Evans, in Akron in 1993. 'Ron is making this generous request . without any conditions or expectations,' according to the letter . obtained by The Associated Press. 'He is nonetheless willing to do whatever is necessary to enable as many people as possible to benefit from his death,' the letter continued. Phillips' request is not a delay tactic, public defender Lisa Lagos said today. He was sentenced to die for raping and killing his girlfriend's daughter, three-year-old Sheila Marie Evans (pictured), in Akron in 1993 . Phillips will be injected with a never before used combination of an intravenous combination of midazolam, a sedative, and hydromorphone, a painkiller . 'Ron just wants to be able to do a . charitable act and help bring any closure to the victim's family that he . can,' she said in an interview. The Ohio prisons agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Phillips' request for mercy was denied last week by Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Phillips has dropped all his appeals, Lagos said. Attorneys . for Phillips note that Ohio has stopped using two drugs that damaged an . inmate's organs - one a paralyzing agent, the other a drug that stops . the heart. On Thursday, . Ohio plans to use midazolam, a sedative, and hydromorphone, a . painkiller. It was not immediately clear today what effect those might . have on organs.
highlights: Ronald Phillips is due to be executed on Nov. 14 for raping and killing his girlfriend's three-year-old daughter in 1993 . He will be injected with a new lethal drug that is midazolam, a sedative, and hydromorphone, a painkiller . His mother has kidney disease and sister has a heart condition .
id: 749bf689641ed36bec8ce3b2e6a8983b15602c38
chatgpt: Ronald Phillips, 43, is set to be executed on November 14 for a heinous crime he committed in 1993. The convicted killer brutally raped and murdered his girlfriend's three-year-old daughter. Since then, his case has been making headlines. Phillips will be injected with a new lethal drug during his execution, which consists of midazolam, a sedative, and hydromorphone, a painkiller. The combination of these two drugs is meant to cause minimal suffering during the execution process. However, the use of midazolam has been criticized as it has been involved in previous botched executions. Phillips is now fighting to stay alive, hoping for a stay from the U.S. Supreme Court. He has already had his execution delayed multiple times over the past few years, and his attorneys are now arguing that the lethal injection with this new drug mix could prolong his death and cause excruciating pain. Adding to the stress of the situation, Phillips' family is dealing with their own health issues. His mother is reportedly suffering from kidney disease, and his sister has a heart condition. They have both issued statements on their brother's behalf, pleading for his life to be spared. The case has garnered media attention due to its horrific nature, and one cannot help but feel for the family of the victim. Three-year-old Sheila Marie Evans was raped, beaten, and bludgeoned to death, and Phillips' crime has left lasting scars on her family members. However, some have called into question the morality of capital punishment itself. According to the Death Penalty Information Center, over 160 people have been exonerated from death row since 1973, and the number of wrongful convictions remains a concern. Regardless of one's stance on the death penalty, there is no denying the impact that this case has had on those involved. The victim's family has been forced to relive the agonizing pain of her death for over two decades, while Phillips' loved ones are grappling with the potential loss of their brother and son. As the date of his execution approaches, Ronald Phillips' fate remains uncertain. The Supreme Court has yet to issue a stay, leaving many wondering what will become of this case in the coming days. One thing is for sure, though: this case has once again put a spotlight on the death penalty and its implications for society.