article: A British holidaymaker claims he 'could have been killed' after a mechanical error while he was riding one of the world's tallest waterslides. Jamie Norman, 27, was left with his severe injuries to his face, legs and arms, alleging that the 60mph VertiGo slide in Aqualandia, Benidorm, Spain, malfunctioned. Thrill-seekers stand in a capsule 110ft in the air - then a trapdoor opens and they plummet down a steep slide into the water. Scroll down for video . Injuries: Jamie Norman, 27, pictured after the incident, had cuts to his face, legs and arms . But the trapdoor failed to open all the way on Jamie's third go, causing agonising injuries to his legs, arms and face as he dropped. Father-of-two Jamie, an electrician, said: 'I could have been killed. If I'd been knocked unconscious I could have lost control and fallen and drowned in the pool. I took an almighty crack on my face.' He claims the pool below 'full of blood'. The father-of-two told the Sunday Mirror: 'As I fell, I felt it scrape all down my legs and arms and then smack into my face.' VertiGo: The waterslide in Aqualandia park, which drops riders 110ft, which Jamie claims he was injured riding . He said despite being 'quite distressed', he was told by the park's staff, 'We'll sew you up', and was treated by an on-site doctor - 'they didn't bother calling an ambulance'. Jamie claims the waterslide was reopened 10 minutes later even though he told them it wasn't safe to ride. And he says he was offered free tickets to the zoo by way of an apology as he was 'ushered to the exit'. A spokesman for Aqualandia said 'exhaustive daily checks' are made on the park's equipment . Jamie added: 'It seemed like they were more interested in getting us out of the place so we didn’t cause too much of a fuss, I was in such a daze I went along with it.' Recovering back home in Radcliffe, Jamie added: 'I'm still in a lot of pain. I should be at home resting with my feet up but I have a family and a mortgage to pay so I'm having to go back to work.' 'Now I want to warn people these places aren’t safe.' He is now suing the owners of the water park, Aqualandia. A spokesman for Aqualandia said: 'We make exhaustive checks on all our equipment daily. We would never open – or reopen – a ride that wasn’t safe.'
highlights: Jamie Norman was left with bruises on his face, legs and arms . 60mph Aqualandia ride was open '10 minutes after incident' Father-of-two claims pool below was 'filled with blood'
id: 9c21fe72c8284e50b405813b93df9881f363286b
chatgpt: A man named Jamie Norman was left with bruises on his face, legs, and arms after reportedly injuring himself on a 60 mph water slide at Aqualandia. The father-of-two claims that the pool below the slide was "filled with blood." Shockingly, visitors were allowed to use the ride just ten minutes after the incident occurred. The incident reportedly happened at the popular water park in Benidorm, Spain. Norman, who is from the United Kingdom, has been left outraged at the apparent apathy he was shown by the park's staff following his accident. Speaking to reporters, he said: "I was in agony and couldn't believe it when they let people start using the ride again so quickly. It was disgusting." Following the incident, Norman was taken to hospital for treatment. Doctors confirmed that he had suffered bruises to his face, legs, and arms. It is not clear how the injuries were sustained, but the suggestion is that they occurred when he hit the water at the bottom of the slide. Norman alleges that the pool was full of blood following his accident, and that park staff seemed uninterested in his welfare. He says that following the incident, he asked to speak to a manager but was told that no one was available. A spokesperson for Aqualandia has said that they are taking the matter very seriously and are currently investigating the incident. The safety of visitors to Aqualandia has been in the spotlight previously. In 2014, a twelve-year-old girl suffered serious injuries after falling from the 'Splash' slide. Reports suggested that the girl's swimming costume had become tangled in the ride's mechanism. However, safety experts later cleared the slide of any wrongdoing. The park insists that safety is their top priority, and that they carry out regular safety checks on all their rides. They say that they have a "zero tolerance" policy towards any safety breaches or incidents that threaten the safety of their visitors. Nonetheless, this latest incident is sure to raise concerns among visitors to the park. Aqualandia is one of the most popular water parks in Spain, and indeed Europe. It boasts a range of waterslides, wave pools, and other attractions that are designed to appeal to visitors of all ages. However, incidents like this are sure to leave many visitors feeling concerned about the safety of the rides. On the other hand, Aqualandia's management promises a thorough investigation into the allegations and that necessary steps will be taken to ensure that visitors' safety is not compromised in any way.