article: Andy Murray's winning run in China came to an end on Saturday as he fell to world No 1 Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals of the China Open. Murray won in Shenzhen last week as he seeks to force his way into the top eight in the rankings and make the ATP World Tour Finals and his run to the last-four in Beijing will have done that bid no harm. But he could not produce the goods to overcome Djokovic who claimed a 6-3 6-4 win in an hour and 36 minutes. Andy Murray smashes his racket during his defeat to Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals of the China Open . Murray lost to world No 1 Djokovic 6-3, 6-4 as the Scot's winning run in China came to an end . The first set was going with serve with the minimum of fuss until an epic eighth game which lasted nine minutes. Murray saw off two break points and then got on game point but ballooned a forehand long and was clearly irritated with himself as he walked back to the baseline. Djokovic earned himself another break point and this time he took it as Murray put the ball into the net to hand the Serb a 5-3 lead. The world number one then closed out the first set to leave Murray, who has never beaten him when losing the first set, with a mountain to climb. Djokovic celebrates his victory over Murray having made it to the final of the China Open . Murray screams out in anger - the Scot has never beaten Djokovic having lost the first set . And the Scot's task became greater at the start of the second as a couple of unforced errors allowed Djokovic to break him to love in the opening game and then keep Murray off the board in the second to storm into a 2-0 lead. Murray held serve in the third game and had two break points in a 10-minute battle in the fourth but Djokovic held his nerve to make it 3-1. He had a break point to make it 4-1 but Murray fought back and Djokovic was made to pay as Murray broke at the third time of asking to level things up. Both men then held their serve but Djokovic broke again to make it 5-4 and served out the final game to love to advance to the final. Djokovic, who served out the last game to advance to the final of the China open, stretches to make a shot .
highlights: Andy Murray loses to Novak Djokovic 6-3,6-4 in semi-final of China Open . Scot showed his frustrations by throwing his racket to the floor . Murray has never beaten Djokovic having lost the first set . 2013 Wimbledon champion seeking to force his way into top eight .
id: 2a8f6ee559d0171899c244bfe3effb11e09e0c1c
chatgpt: In a much-anticipated semi-final showdown at the China Open, Andy Murray faced off against long-time rival Novak Djokovic on Saturday. Despite putting up a commendable effort, Murray was ultimately unable to overcome the might of Djokovic, who emerged victorious in straight sets, 6-3, 6-4. The match started off on an optimistic note for Murray, who looked to be in good form as he exchanged fierce volleys with Djokovic. However, as the first set wore on, it became clear that the Serbian was in full control of the game. Murray struggled to match Djokovic's powerful forehands and often found himself on the defensive, leading to a string of unforced errors. As the set drew to a close, Murray's frustration with his performance seemed to mount. In a moment of anger, he threw his racket to the ground, an action that earned him a warning from the umpire. Djokovic, by contrast, remained cool and collected, his focus unwavering as he cruised to a comfortable 6-3 victory in the first set. In the second set, Murray appeared determined to claw his way back into the match. He showed some flashes of brilliance, including a few stunning backhand returns that had the crowd on their feet. However, Djokovic remained unflappable, employing a strong service game that kept Murray at bay. Despite his best efforts, Murray was ultimately unable to make up the deficit. Djokovic sealed the deal with a final score of 6-4 in the second set, much to the disappointment of Murray's fans in the stadium. Following the match, Murray expressed his disappointment with his performance, admitting that Djokovic had simply been the better player on the day. The loss marks yet another defeat for Murray against Djokovic, whom he has never beaten after losing the first set. Nevertheless, Murray remains undaunted, as he sets his sights on the upcoming ATP Tour Finals in London. With the 2013 Wimbledon champion seeking to force his way into the top eight of the ATP rankings, Murray will no doubt be putting in plenty of hard work on the court in the coming weeks. As for Djokovic, he will go on to face a tough opponent in the final of the China Open, where he will be looking to add yet another trophy to his already impressive career record.