article: If you're a business traveler in Europe, you'll no doubt have complained at length about the regions' airlines, be it the cost of a plane ticket, the quality of the food or the delays. It's natural to feel hard done-by. If it's any consolation, however, you're not the only one grumbling at the unfairness of it all. According to the IATA (International Air Transport Association)  2013 is expected to be another profitless year for the European airline industry. Tony Tyler, IATA's director general and CEO, argues that the industry is "balancing on a knife edge" with even the sturdiest and more established airlines feeling the pressure. You only have to look at the profits forecast for the year to see how behind we really are. According to the Association of European Airlines, the sector is expected to lose $1.5 billion this year. U.S. carriers however, are expected to fare better and post profits totalling $3.4 billion. Tyler argues this disparity is in part down to sluggish economic growth in Europe; crucially, however, it can also be impacted by what he calls "onerous" EU regulation and legislation. As an example, he cites delays: "There can be delays absolutely outside the control of the airline, but the airline still has to not only compensate the passenger but also to meet a whole lot of costs of those delays for passengers." The additional costs don't end there either: air traffic control costs are roughly double in Europe than they are in the United States. The costs vary on land too. Europe's economic crisis has meant some governments have increased airport operating charges. In an opinion piece in Spain's El Pais, Tony Tyler argues that European airlines face "significant hurdles to sustained profitability, starting with the cost of airport and airways infrastructure." Spain's Madrid and Barcelona airports are a case in point: there, Tyler says, airlines have seen a 50% increase in charges. Despite cutting legacy costs through mergers, consolidation and restructuring, European carriers are still facing the heavy hand of regulation and government, adds Tyler. "Just look at what's happening now in Spain with Iberia for example; very difficult to do the necessary restructuring in that environment". Tyler is referring to battle between IAG (International Airlines Group) and the Spanish government. Whilst IAG's Chief Executive, Willie Walsh, wants to cut jobs and restructure the loss-making airline, the Spanish government is wary of a shrinking brand Iberia, which it argues is closely associated with 'brand España'. Speaking to me from Geneva, Tony Tyler called on governments to do more to help European carriers. He argues they can start by helping to control cost, by adding more runways, and repelling "some of the excessively onerous consumer protection regulation." In his words, to make Europe's airlines more competitive, government needs "to back off." But in a time of great economic crisis in Europe, where each country is facing their own internal struggle, backing off may just be too painful for government.
highlights: Tyler called on governments to do more to help European carriers, writes Soares . Tyler argues that European airlines face "significant hurdles to sustained profitability" IATA CEO Tyler says, airlines have seen a 50% increase in charges .
id: 16251263590f7623d8640d7547f86033f2beb749
chatgpt: In a recent speech, International Air Transport Association (IATA) CEO Tony Tyler has urged European governments to do more to help the continent's struggling airlines. Pointing out the "significant hurdles to sustained profitability" faced by European carriers, Tyler has argued that a solution must be found to ensure the future stability of the industry. Tyler's comments come as many European airlines continue to find their profits squeezed by a combination of rising costs and increased competition. In particular, he has highlighted the issue of charges levied on airlines by airports and other service providers, pointing out that these have increased by more than 50% in a decade. Explaining his position, Tyler has argued that such charges are causing "increasing stress" for European carriers, and that governments must take action to ensure the industry's future sustainability. "Airlines in Europe are struggling to survive in an environment where they are being charged more and more by the monopoly suppliers of services to the industry," he said. He added that while some European governments have taken steps to address the issue, these efforts have been "piecemeal" and have not gone far enough. Instead, he called for a coordinated approach to reducing the burden of charges on airlines. In particular, Tyler has recommended that governments work together to encourage greater competition in the provision of services to the airline industry. This, he believes, would help to drive down prices and ensure that airlines are not faced with excessive charges. Tyler also called for greater transparency in the way that charges are applied, arguing that airlines must be able to see exactly what they are paying for and why. This, he said, would help to ensure that charges were fair and reasonable, and would create a more level playing field for all airlines. While Tyler's comments have been welcomed by many in the industry, some have expressed concerns that his proposals are too vague and need more detail. Others have argued that governments may not have the will or ability to take the steps needed to reduce charges and improve competition. Despite these challenges, Tyler remains optimistic about the future of the airline industry. "There is no doubt that aviation plays a vital role in the European economy, providing jobs and enabling businesses to connect with customers," he said. "But for the industry to thrive in the years ahead, we need to take action now to address the challenges we face." With this in mind, it seems likely that Tyler and other industry leaders will continue to call on governments to do more to support European airlines in the coming months and years. Whether such calls will be heeded, however, remains to be seen.