article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 06:15 EST, 21 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:12 EST, 21 August 2013 . Most young women could imagine few things worse than being told doctors were going to cut off one of their legs. But Sun Jingjing, from Anyang city in China, was more than happy when medics broke the news to her two months ago. The grindingly poor 22-year-old was struck down by congenital angiolipoma in her right leg at birth which made it swell to the size of her entire torso. As the tumour grew, so too did her pain with blisters covering her leg as it dragged along the floor whenever she walked. Triumph: Sun Jinjing was all smiles as she was wheeled triumphantly out of hospital to a rapturous applause from doctors and nurses . Tumor: The 22-year-old was struck down by congenital angiolipoma in her right leg at birth which made it swell to the size of her entire torso . Hard times: She says her leg would break out in blisters from the summer heat and dragging on the floor while winter would bring frostbite as she never had any clothes to cover it properly . The growth, a tumour composed chiefly of fat cells, is completely benign but rendered her unable to work or enjoy a normal life. 'Whenever the summer came, my leg would break out in blisters from the heat and the fact it would constantly rub on the concrete floor,' she said. 'And when winter came, I even got frostbite because I didn't have clothes that would fit around it. That was incredibly itchy.' To make matters worse for Sun, her father died of kidney failure 12 years ago, and her mother is suffering from terminal esophageal cancer. 'My mother lives a very difficult life,' she added. 'She is in almost constant pain but never complains. Instead she looks after me and I look after her. 'Even in my darkest moments she encourages me to be strong and to survive. My leg may have now gone, but my mother's cancer will not go away. Although all I want is to find a cure for her. 'If there is an afterlife, I hope to be with her again.' Thank you: Sun Jingjing sings a song for her doctor at Armed Police Corps Hospital of Henan following the operation . Ambitions: Sun Jingjing Now she hopes to find a boyfriend, get married and have a family . Nevertheless, Sun was all smiles as she was wheeled triumphantly out of hospital to a rapturous applause from doctors and nurses. She had never received any adequate treatment before leaving her leg to swell to a circumference of 85cm. Now she hopes to find a boyfriend, get married and have a family.
highlights: Sun Jingjing, from Anyang city in China, was born with angiolipoma . It is a benign tumour composed of fat cells, made normal life impossible . She left hospital to applause from doctors and nurses who treated her . Now she hopes to find a boyfriend, get married and have a family .
id: 8221db2bd2960aac8791d5ea56fe7553df9e0852
chatgpt: Sun Jingjing, a resident of Anyang city in the Henan province of China, was born with a rare disease known as angiolipoma. This disease caused her to develop a benign tumor that is composed of fat cells. As a result of this tumor, Sun's life was made nearly impossible. However, after undergoing a successful surgery, she is now ready to take on new challenges. Sun was born with the disease and has had to live with it ever since. Despite the difficulties she faced daily, Sun remained hopeful that one day she would be able to lead a normal life. Her determination finally paid off when she underwent surgery to remove the tumor from her body. After months of therapy and treatment, Sun was finally able to leave the hospital. The departure of Sun from the hospital was an emotional moment for everyone present. Doctors and nurses who had treated Sun for several years were at hand to see her off, and as soon as she left, they broke into applause. After years of pain and suffering, Sun was finally able to take the first steps towards a new life. Now that she is cured, Sun has many things that she wants to achieve in life. One of her biggest dreams is to find a boyfriend, get married and have a family. Sun is determined to find a partner who will understand her condition and be supportive of her dreams. She believes that love can conquer all and that she will one day find the perfect person to share her life with. Apart from finding love, Sun wants to get involved in many other things. She has an interest in music and would like to pursue a career in it. Sun is also interested in traveling and would like to explore different parts of the world. With many years of pain behind her, Sun now has the drive to pursue her dreams and is not going to let anything stand in her way. Sun's story is an inspiration to all those who face difficulties in life. Despite the many hardships she had to endure, Sun never gave up hope. Her journey towards recovery has taught her that it is possible to overcome any obstacle with determination and perseverance. With her life now back on track, Sun is ready to take on the world and live it to the fullest. In conclusion, Sun Jingjing's story is that of determination and resilience. Her journey towards recovery from angiolipoma has been an inspiration to all those who have faced difficulties in life. With a new life ahead of her, Sun is determined to make the most of it and achieve all the goals she has set for herself. We wish her all the best in her endeavors.