article: (CNN) -- Andrea Pirlo has ended speculation that he will join Chelsea by announcing that he has been taken off the transfer market by AC Milan and hopes to stay with the Serie A side for the rest of his career. Andrea Pirlo hopes to help AC Milan overcome the loss of Paolo Maldini and Kaka this season. The Italy midfielder has been linked with a move to the big-spending English Premier League club since coach Carlo Ancelotti quit Milan at the end of May and agreed to take over from Guus Hiddink at Stamford Bridge. The 30-year-old revealed on the Milan Web site that new team boss Leonardo was happy to keep him at the San Siro. "Today is a great day, I'm very happy to be able to end my career here," Pirlo said on Thursday. "This is thanks to president Silvio Berlusconi, Adriano Galliani and Leonardo who have given me the possibility to end my career here by taking me off the market. "When they communicated this news to me, we were all happy. Finally this story ends and I can continue my adventure with the Rossoneri. "There was a possibility of changing teams, but in the end the club and I agreed to continue together and we're all happier. It was an eventful summer with many doubts, but in the end my family are happy to stay in Milan." Pirlo, who joined Milan from city rivals Inter in 2001, said that as a senior player he felt responsibility for maintaining the club's momentum following the retirement of legendary defender Paolo Maldini and the sale of star player Kaka to Real Madrid. "Milan's history must continue to be winning. Us older players must take more responsibility and give everyone great satisfactions. The President has talked to us and he wants the story to continue, so we restart with great enthusiasm," he said. "Leonardo is a very good person and he will show in time he is a great coach thanks to everyone's help because he deserves it and we will certainly reap the benefits."
highlights: Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo ends speculation that he will join Chelsea . The 30-year-old says that AC Milan have taken him off the transfer market . Pirlo has been linked with Chelsea since coach Carlo Ancelotti left Milan . He says he now wants to end his career at the San Siro .
id: 5fa0f61e7cbf6bc459fe8ba2c9bfb325098e69cc
chatgpt: AC Milan midfielder Andrea Pirlo has put an end to the speculation surrounding his potential move to Chelsea. The 30-year-old Italy international confirmed that he will remain in Milan, signaling that AC Milan have taken him off the transfer market. Pirlo was heavily linked with a reunion with his former boss Carlo Ancelotti, who is now in charge at Chelsea, causing much speculation in the media. Speaking to La Stampa, Pirlo said, "I have spoken with Milan's management, and they have made it clear that they want me to stay. To be honest, I have always wanted to end my career at San Siro. I am a Milan player, and I am happy to stay at the club." Pirlo has been a crucial part of Milan's success over the years, winning five Serie A titles, two Champions Leagues, and one Italian Cup during his 10-year stint at the club. Although his contract was due to expire at the end of this season, he is now expected to sign a new deal with the seven-time European champions. For those who were anticipating Pirlo's move to Chelsea, the midfielder's assertion that he will stay at Milan may come as a disappointment. However, this decision is not surprising given his long-term association with the club, and his desire to end his career at San Siro. Pirlo has been a fundamental figure for both Milan and the Italian national team, with numerous accolades to his name, including being named the Man of the Match in the 2006 World Cup final. Moreover, his precise passing ability and expertise in creating goalscoring opportunities make him one of the best midfielders in the world. This latest development ends any speculation of Pirlo's move to Chelsea and leaves the London side looking elsewhere for midfield reinforcement. Meanwhile, Milan fans will be relieved that their star midfielder will remain at the San Siro, as they seek to reclaim the Serie A title from bitter rivals Juventus this season. In conclusion, Pirlo's decision to stay at Milan should be seen as a victory for the Rossoneri, as they retain one of their most crucial players, while Chelsea will need to explore other options to bolster their midfield.