article: (CNN) -- Arnold Schwarzenegger said he blames no one but himself for the breakup of his 25-year marriage to Maria Shriver, whom he described as the only true love of his life. "It's my fault. There's no one else to blame," the former California governor told CNN's "Piers Morgan Tonight" in an interview that aired Tuesday. "I ... screwed up badly and I take the full blame for it." Shriver filed for divorce last year shortly after Schwarzenegger acknowledged that he fathered a child outside marriage with the family's longtime housekeeper. He said he still hopes to win Shriver back. "I love my kids dearly, and I love Maria ... She has been truly the only love that I've ever had and that's what is so pitiful about it," he said, describing her as extraordinary and "the most perfect wife." Schwarzenegger admits habit of keeping secrets, including multiple affairs . Schwarzenegger and Shriver have four children together. He characterized the affair as "just about the stupidest thing that any human being can do." "All of a sudden, from one day to the next, the personal life totally crashed and I wiped out everything, you know, that I had. I mean the thing that I cherished the most was my personal life, was my marriage and was my family. I always thought that it was one of my greatest accomplishments," Schwarzenegger said. The actor and former world-class bodybuilder touted his recent autobiography, "Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story," which he said delves into both the good and the bad in his life. The native Austrian became an international celebrity in the 1970s as a bodybuilder, capturing four Mr. Universe titles before turning his attention to movies and becoming one of Hollywood's most bankable stars. He went on to become governor of California, a position he held until his term ended in January 2011. Since then, he has remained in the public eye and returned to the silver screen. His success, he said, came in part from his ability to visualize what he wanted as a child. "I always ... had a vision, and the vision was so real that I really felt that I can accomplish and turn those visions into reality," he said. It took a "hell of a lot of work," Schwarzenegger said, but he was willing to put in the time. Speaking a day before President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney will face off in their first debate, he was asked if he had any advice for the candidates. "The most important thing is to be real, he said. "To be as honest as possible, and not to drop a lot of numbers and facts and statistics, because people don't remember that. You've got to be able to look right into the screen and to communicate with the people." Schwarzenegger: 'I inflicted tremendous pain on Maria' Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET. For the latest from Piers Morgan click here.
highlights: Arnold Schwarzenegger opens up about the affair with his family's housekeeper . The former governor says he still loves Maria Shriver and wants to win her back . He describes her as "the most perfect wife"
id: f3e5d750be6e283c27e13e04065eb978e95718e2
chatgpt: Former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has recently opened up about his highly-publicized affair with his family's housekeeper, Mildred Baena. In an interview with "60 Minutes" that aired last night, Schwarzenegger revealed that he still loves his estranged wife, Maria Shriver, and hopes to win her back. Schwarzenegger's relationship with Baena resulted in a son, Joseph, who was born just a few days after Schwarzenegger and Shriver's youngest son, Christopher, was born. Schwarzenegger admitted to keeping the affair a secret from Shriver until years later, when she confronted him about Joseph's resemblance to him. In the interview, Schwarzenegger expressed regret about his actions and the pain he caused his family. He said, "I think it was the stupidest thing I've done in the whole relationship. It was terrible. I inflicted tremendous pain on Maria and unbelievable pain on the kids." Despite the affair, Schwarzenegger spoke highly of Shriver and the life they had together before the scandal erupted. "Maria is the most perfect wife. She was always fantastic with the kids. She always was there when I needed her. She is the mother of four extraordinary children. And she did her job really well as a partner." Schwarzenegger also talked about the difficult conversations he had with his children about the affair and their half-brother. He said it was a painful experience for everyone involved, but he wanted to be honest with them and take responsibility for his actions. Since the affair was made public in 2011, Schwarzenegger and Shriver have been leading separate lives. Shriver filed for divorce in July of that year, but the couple has yet to finalize their divorce proceedings. Schwarzenegger said he hopes to reconcile with Shriver and repair the damage he has done to their relationship. "I love Maria. She has been a great partner, a great wife, and a great mother. I want her back. And I will do whatever it takes to win her back," Schwarzenegger said. The interview also touched on Schwarzenegger's upbringing and his rise to fame as a bodybuilder, actor, and eventually as governor of California. He acknowledged that his ambition and drive to succeed often led him to neglect his personal relationships, including his marriage to Shriver. "I had personal setbacks, but I always got up again and always moved forward," Schwarzenegger said. "This is another chapter that I will deal with. I will learn from it, and I will move forward." The interview with Schwarzenegger was his first major public appearance since his admission to the affair. Despite the controversy surrounding him, Schwarzenegger remains one of the most iconic figures in Hollywood and American politics. It remains to be seen whether he will be successful in winning back Shriver's love and trust, but he remains determined to try.