article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 13:35 EST, 29 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:39 EST, 29 March 2012 . A teenager soccer player unleashed a furious attack on a rival player after she was tripped up while running with the ball. Annette McCullough, 18, dragged the victim to the ground by her hair before punching her 11 times in the head and upper body as the girl curls up to protect herself. The attack happened during a soccer match . between Chester High School and Lewisville High School on Monday at 5.30pm in South Carolina. Scroll down for video . Foul play: Annette McCullough, 18, attacked a rival soccer play after she was tripped during a match in Lewisville, South Carolina . An amateur video shot by a spectator showed McCullough, who attends Lewisville High in Richburg, falling to the ground after it appeared she had her heels clipped by one of the opposition. A woman at the side of park and another player run over to try to stop the frenzied attack by the teen girl. McCullough was shown a red card by the referee and then escorted from the park. Chester County Sheriff Richard Smith told WBTV that McCullough has been charged with third-degree assault and battery after they had watch the footage of the attack. Fair game: The two players from Chester and Lewisville High School run after the ball during the Monday night match . Taking a fall: Anette McCullough had her heels clipped as she and another player battled for the ball . The Sheriff's report said the . victim, who has not been identified, had several 'swollen knots behind her right ear' and a mark on . her neck but was not bleeding. The victim's mother said she would be taking her daughter for tests following the attack and believed McCullough should be prosecuted and banned from the school league. Referee Alan Parker, who had to walk the enraged girl from the pitch, told WECT: 'Contact is a part of soccer, but when you retaliate like that, obviously, there is no place in the game for that.' Vicious: In an immediate reaction to being tripped, the 18-year-old grabs the rival player by her hair and rains blows down on the girl's head . Intervention: A spectator and teammate run to try to break up the beating at the South Carolina game . You're out! McCullough was shown the red card and escorted from the field by the referee after attacking a girl on the opposite team . Attitude: Annette McCullough lost her temper during a high school soccer match and has been charged with third-degree assault and battery .
highlights: Annette McCullough charged with assault after attack on the opposition .
id: 7e2fade8d8ff7b8ab3419a37c140bd67ac8d62ae
chatgpt: Annette McCullough, a resident of Spokane, Washington, has been charged with assault after allegedly attacking a representative of the opposition party last night. The incident occurred at a local bar, where the victim was socializing with a group of fellow party members. According to eyewitness accounts, McCullough approached the victim and engaged in a heated argument concerning party policies. The argument quickly turned violent, with McCullough allegedly striking the victim several times before she was forcibly restrained by other patrons. Police arrived on the scene and took McCullough into custody. She was charged with one count of assault and booked into the local jail. The victim was treated for minor injuries at a nearby hospital and released. McCullough's arrest has sparked controversy within the local political community, with members of both parties condemning the attack. Republican Party Chairman Bob Stevens released a statement calling for calm and urging party members to work towards resolving political differences in a peaceful manner. "We are deeply concerned about the violent incident that occurred last night, and we condemn any use of physical force to settle political disagreements," Stevens said. "We hope that Ms. McCullough's actions will not reflect poorly on our party, and we will continue to work towards promoting civil dialogue between all parties." Democratic Party Chairwoman Sarah Johnson echoed Stevens' sentiments, calling the incident "unfortunate" and urging her party members to remain vigilant in the face of political tensions. "Our thoughts are with the victim of this senseless attack, and we want to reiterate that violence has no place in politics," Johnson said. "We must remain united in our efforts to promote policies that benefit all members of our community, and we must work towards finding common ground whenever possible." McCullough's attorney has not yet released a statement on the charges, and it is unclear whether she will plead guilty or contest the charges in court. However, the incident has sparked a broader discussion on the role of violence in political discourse. Many experts on political violence have warned that the current climate of polarization and divisiveness is a breeding ground for dangerous and potentially deadly incidents such as this. They have called for increased efforts to promote civil dialogue and understanding between opposing viewpoints, in order to prevent further incidents of this nature from occurring. As the investigation into the incident continues, political leaders are calling for an increased emphasis on education and outreach, in order to promote greater understanding and tolerance between all members of the community. Regardless of political affiliation or viewpoint, it is clear that this incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers of political violence and the need for continued vigilance and cooperation in promoting a peaceful and inclusive society.