article: By . Bianca London . From socks with sandals to high-waisted dad jeans, this season is all about dressing like your old uncle - and it's about to get a lot worse. Bucket hats - as championed by Kevin and Perry in their 2000 comedy flick - are back with a vengeance. The accessory - also known as a fisherman floppy - has become a favourite of the street style set and the perfect way of embracing the sassy 90s aesthetic that just won't go away. Does this mean the bucket hat is back? Trendsetter Rihanna was seen sporting a floral design during the Eastern Conference Semifinals NBA playoff game last fortnight . Currently loved by trendsetter Rihanna and worn by Chris Brown in his new music video, the topper looks set to become a summer essential - Joey Essex is even wearing one in his debut modelling photoshoot. Miley Cyrus has also been spotted sporting a Chanel offering, while supermodel Heidi Klum shielded her hair from the sun in a bucket hat on the beach last month. Men in particular better get stocking up because The London Collections: Men SS14 catwalks were awash with the design. Stylish: Joey Essex, left, who is a big fan of fashion, models seasonal trends in his new Select shoot, including the coveted bucket hat, which is set to make a comeback this season, while Chris Brown, right, sports one in his Loyal music video . Throwback: Kevin and Perry, played by Harry Enfield and Kathy Burke, wore bucket hats in their 2000 flick Kevin and Perry Go Large . Trying out a new style: Justin Bieber opted for 90s style hip hop gear, and a bucket hat, as he performed at Coachella this year . Margaret Howell, Rag &Bone and Craig Green's collections were brimming with the hat in a variation of styles and colourful prints. Fashion e-tailer Asos is stocking designs from the likes of Fred Perry and Vans, which retail for around £40. 'No longer just the preserve of sunburnt Ocean Colour Scene concert-goers, it's now being trotted out by such style fire-starters as Rihanna and Miley Cyrus - so you know you’d best listen up,' says the site. Steal her style: Miley Cyrus recently tweeted this snap of her wearing a Chanel version but if you can't quite afford that, Asos, right, have some options for as little as £10 . Coming to a store near you: Asos, the online fashion retailer, is already stocking plenty of the designs . Tropical print: The New Era Island Bucket Cap is from the Island Pack collection which explores a seasonal theme, featuring a modern twist on the classic Hawaiian tropical print. The caps are £30 from ASOS and neweracap.eu .
highlights: Rihanna, Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus have all been sporting design . Bucket hats made famous by LL Cool J and Kevin and Perry Go Large film . Asos selling design for £35 .
id: ea3b199f71a5358d371a270029fc045ea047f825
chatgpt: Celebrities Rihanna, Justin Bieber, and Miley Cyrus have all been spotted sporting a retro fashion trend, the bucket hat. Made famous by rapper LL Cool J and the iconic film "Kevin and Perry Go Large," the bucket hat is making a comeback in the fashion world. And now, the popular online retailer ASOS is offering designer bucket hats for just £35. The bucket hat has a long history of being a fashion statement in popular culture. The style first became popular in the 1980s, when it was worn by rapper LL Cool J in music videos and on stage. The hat quickly became a symbol of hip hop style and culture, and was soon adopted by other musicians and celebrities. In the 1990s, the bucket hat gained even more popularity thanks to the Britpop scene in the UK. Bands like Oasis, Blur, and Pulp all wore bucket hats as part of their on-stage looks. The bucket hat was also featured prominently in the 1999 film "Kevin and Perry Go Large," in which the main characters wear matching bucket hats throughout the movie. Now, in 2021, the bucket hat is once again making a comeback. Celebrities like Rihanna, Justin Bieber, and Miley Cyrus have all been spotted wearing the style, and fashion designers are taking notice. ASOS, one of the UK's most popular online retailers, is now offering designer bucket hats for just £35. The ASOS collection features a range of bucket hats in different styles and colors. There are leopard print hats, neon hats, and even tie-dye hats. Each hat is made from high-quality materials and is designed to be comfortable and stylish. "We're always looking for the latest trends in fashion, and the bucket hat is definitely making a comeback," says ASOS spokesperson Kate Smith. "We wanted to offer our customers a range of high-quality hats at an affordable price, so we developed our own collection of designer bucket hats. We're thrilled with the response so far – these hats are already selling like hot cakes." Fans of the bucket hat trend are excited about ASOS's new collection. "I've been looking for a good bucket hat for ages, and these ones from ASOS are perfect," says fashion blogger Emma Johnson. "They're stylish, comfortable, and affordable – what more could you want?" The bucket hat trend is likely to continue growing in popularity in the coming months. As more and more celebrities embrace the style, fashion designers are sure to take notice. And with online retailers like ASOS offering affordable and stylish options, anyone can rock this retro trend with ease.