article: (CNN) -- New Mexico authorities have identified seven of 11 slain women whose remains were discovered several months ago in shallow graves in west Albuquerque, but have yet to identify a suspect in their killings, police told CNN on Thursday. The bodies of Candelaria, Chavez, Elks, Marquez, Nieto, Romero and Valdez were all ID'd by New Mexico police. A dozen victims -- 11 women and the unborn child of one of them -- were found on a 92-acre parcel west of the city in February, police said. Albuquerque police spokesman John Walsh said Thursday that police were considering all the deaths homicides, and believe they are linked because of the proximity of where the bodies were buried and how they were buried. "It's ... likely that the same individual committed the same crimes," he said, "But we have to leave all possibilities open." The victims were linked through drugs and prostitution, he said. Police identified the women as Victoria Chavez, Michelle Valdez, Veronica Romero, Cinnamon Elks, Julie Nieto, Doreen Marquez and Monica Diana Candelaria. Walsh said authorities estimate that the killings occurred somewhere between 2001 and 2004. "We have to leave it wide at this point," Walsh said of the time frame. In February, a woman walking her dog on the property -- which had been graded in preparation for development -- discovered a bone, police said. The office of the medical investigator determined that it was human. The bodies were discovered afterward. The killings have been featured on "America's Most Wanted," Walsh said. A task force in Albuquerque has been assigned to the cases, he added.
highlights: Bodies of 11 women and one unborn child found in February near Albuquerque . Police say they've identified 7 of the victims; no suspect yet in the killings . Police think one person killed all the victims between 2001 and 2004 . Victims were linked through drugs, prostitution, police spokesman says .
id: ba973998b139cf34e0d26586c07bc9e117f7623b
chatgpt: The discovery of eleven women's bodies and one unborn child near Albuquerque has shocked the community. Police have announced that they have identified seven of the victims; however, the perpetrator of these horrific acts remains unknown. The investigation has been slow-going due to the fact that these murders occurred over a decade ago. Authorities believe that all of the victims were killed by one person between 2001 and 2004. The victims were linked through drugs and prostitution, according to a police spokesman. The investigation into these murders has been one of the largest in the city's history. The victims' families have been left heartbroken by the discovery. Many have been waiting for answers for over a decade. Some families have expressed relief that their loved ones have finally been identified, but others remain in the dark, still waiting for closure. Police have asked anyone with information about the murders to come forward. They believe that there are people out there who have information that can help them solve this case. Albuquerque Police Chief, Harold Medina, has expressed his commitment to bringing the individual responsible for these heinous crimes to justice. As the investigation continues, the community remains on edge. The thought of a cold-blooded killer walking among them is a chilling reality. However, many are finding solace in the fact that the police have identified seven of the victims. It is a small step towards finding justice for these innocent women and their unborn child.