article: (CNN) -- Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal stayed on course for another final showdown in Rome as they conjured up straights sets victories Friday to reach the last four of the Masters 1000 tournament. Defending champion Djokovic saw off fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5 6-1 in their quarterfinal match at the Foro Italico, producing some of his best tennis of the year in the second set. The first had been evenly fought with five breaks of service but once the world number one edged ahead after an hour he took command. "In the second set I played one of the best sets on clay this year," he told the official tournament website. "This is encouraging for the challenges ahead. With Roland Garros coming, I'm playing and feeling better in every match." Second seed Nadal, who suffered a rare clay court defeat when losing to Djokovic in the 2011 final in Rome, battled past dangerous Czech Tomas Berdych. Nadal was beating the seventh seed for the 11th time in a row, but was pushed all the way in a match lasting a shade over two hours. Three breaks of service and 34 winners for the Spaniard earned him a semifinal match against compatriot David Ferrer, who beat French 15th seed Richard Gasquet 7-6 6-3. "I played one of my best matches on clay against a difficult opponent," Nadal said. Djokovic will next face Roger Federer, who easily dispatched home hope hope Andreas Seppi 6-1 6-2 in the final match on court Friday. The Swiss maestro, who was triumphant in Madrid, is bidding for his fifth title of the season. The pair will meet for the first time since their semifinal epic at the U.S. Open last year, won by Djokovic. In the WTA tournament, ninth seed Serena Williams had an easy passage to the last four when her Italian opponent Flavia Pennetta retired with a wrist injury when trailing 4-0 in the opener. Williams won the Madrid title last week and next faces French Open champion Li Na of China. Li, returning to her best form on clay, was rarely troubled by Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia, winning 6-1 7-6. Defending champion Maria Sharapova continued her title defense in style by beating Serena's sister Venus 6-4 6-3 in their quarterfinal clash. Williams has shown encouraging signs on yet another comeback after illness, but the Russian was the sharper at the business end of each set. She will play Angelique Kerber of Germany, who battled past Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova to reach her sixth semifinal of the season. Kvitova was troubled by a stomach muscle injury and despite leveling at one set all was well beaten in the decider as Kerber won 7-6 1-6 6-1 in two hours 14 minutes.
highlights: Novak Djokovic reaches semifinal of Rome Masters beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer also go through in straight sets . Serena Williams into semifinals of accompanying WTA tournament . Williams to play Li Na of China for a place in Sunday's final .
id: 0cd26d326c9295865d534b7cf5d064863103b86a
chatgpt: The quarterfinals of the Rome Masters saw Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer making it through to the semifinals with impressive performances against tough opponents. Djokovic overcame Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in a well-fought battle that ended with a 7-6 (2), 7-6 (4) scoreline. The world No. 1 from Serbia was in complete control of the match from the start, breaking Tsonga's serve early on to take the lead. However, the Frenchman fought back and broke Djokovic's serve to level the scores. The set eventually went to a tiebreak, with Djokovic powering through to take the early advantage. In the second set, Tsonga came out fighting and broke Djokovic's serve, taking a 3-1 lead. But the Serbian bounced back, breaking Tsonga's serve and making it 3-3. The two players then held serve for the rest of the set, sending it to the tiebreak. Djokovic once again came out on top, sealing his place in the semifinals with a 7-6 (2), 7-6 (4) victory. Meanwhile, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer also made light work of their opponents, winning their respective matches in straight sets. Nadal breezed past Nikoloz Basilashvili with a 6-1, 6-0 scoreline, while Federer defeated Borna Coric 6-2, 6-2 to book his place in the semifinals. In the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) tournament taking place alongside the Rome Masters, Serena Williams marched into the semifinals with a comfortable win over sister Venus. The 23-time Grand Slam champion won 6-4, 6-2 against her elder sibling to set up a semifinal clash against Li Na of China. Speaking after her win, Williams said that she was excited to be in the semifinals and looking forward to taking on Li Na. "She's a tough opponent, but I'm feeling good and ready for the challenge," said the American. Li Na, who beat Caroline Wozniacki in the quarterfinals, said that she was also excited about the prospect of playing Williams in the semifinals. "Serena is a great player and it's always a challenge to play against her," said the former world No. 1 from China. The other semifinal in the WTA tournament will see Petra Kvitova take on Simona Halep. Kvitova, who won the Madrid Open last week, defeated Maria Sakkari in the quarterfinals, while Halep overcame Marketa Vondrousova to book her place in the last four. The semifinals of both the ATP and WTA tournaments will take place on Saturday, with the finals scheduled for Sunday. Tennis fans around the world will be eagerly watching to see who comes out on top in these exciting matches.