article: An Australia Day rap parody of Iggy Azalea's hit song Fancy has been uploaded to YouTube, but don’t expect the tourist board to be using it to promote the country. Called I'm So Aussie! the rapper known only as Robbo packs plenty of references into the song from Vegemite to ciggies to Alf Stewart from Home and Away. Starting with the line 'first things first I'm fair dinkum', pretty much gives you a good idea of what else is to come over the next two minutes. Scroll down for video . I'm So Aussie! is rapper Robbo's tribute to Australia Day and being Australian . The rapper takes a light-hearted look at the joys of living in Australia today . Robbo's tune is a rap parody of Iggy Azalea's hit song Fancy . Apart from the tourist board international superstar Azalea may not be too happy at what Robbo has done to the chorus of her song either. It now goes: 'I'm so Aussie, You already know. I'm in the only lane from Tamworth to Bendigo. I'm so Aussie. Drinking XXXX Gold. Remember my name... it's Robbo!' Robbo goes on to rap about how he likes to 'chuck a sickie', spends his time 'doing bugger all' and describes himself as a 'lower class bogan'. His chances of the song being used in a national tourism advertisement will probably have gone at this stage. The city of Tamworth gets a mention in Robbo's song and video . Robbo packs plenty of references into the song from ciggies to cricketer David Boon . However, Robbo's only getting started as he gives a shout out to Tim Tams, scallops, fish n' chips, and meat pies, telling everyone 'you should taste that', while also claiming to have a 'moustache on my face like David Boon'. His YouTube video definitely is a light-hearted look at Australia and follows Coach Bombay's song and video package on YouTube earlier this month called ‘Straya!’ which is a cover of Outkast’s number one 2003 hit ‘Hey Ya!’ with appropriate Australian images and lyrics. Both videos were aimed at Australia Day celebrations and only time will tell which one proves to be the most popular in the long run. Robbo's version may just get him in more trouble. Tim Tams, scallops, fish n' chips, and meat pies all get a run out too in Robbo's rap . Although a good laugh, Iggy Azalea may not be laughing after she hears what's been done to her song .
highlights: Rapper Robbo's rap parody tries to pack in all that's good about Australia . Meat pies, Tim Tams, scallops, and fish n' chips even get a mention . The rap pokes fun at being Australian on the country's national day . But international star Azalea may not be laughing after she hears what's been done to her song .
id: 6265e78e2d549f5acddf1a6d5ff8516a0c343378
chatgpt: Australian rapper Robbo has recently released a new rap parody that aims to showcase everything that's great about Australia. From meat pies to Tim Tams, scallops to fish n' chips, Robbo has made sure to pack in all of the country's most beloved foods into his latest hit. However, not everyone is laughing along with Robbo's humorous take on Australian culture. In particular, international star Iggy Azalea may not be amused after hearing what's been done to her song in Robbo's parody. The rapper has taken Azalea's hit "Fancy" and transformed it into "Ozzy" by adding lyrics that poke fun at being Australian on the country's national day. Despite the potential controversy surrounding the parody, many Australians have embraced Robbo's lighthearted take on their culture. The rapper has become known for his humorous approach to rapping, and "Ozzy" is no exception. In the song, Robbo raps about everything from Vegemite sandwiches to backyard barbecues, all while paying tribute to the beauty and diversity of Australia. One thing that many fans have noticed about "Ozzy" is the way that Robbo manages to celebrate Australia's culture without taking it too seriously. Instead of trying to create an anthem that speaks for everyone in the country, the rapper seems content to simply poke fun at the quirks and idiosyncrasies that make Australia such a unique place to live. Of course, not everyone is a fan of Robbo's approach. Some have criticized the rapper for relying too heavily on stereotype and for not taking enough care to accurately represent the many different cultures that make up Australia. Others have accused Robbo of cultural appropriation, claiming that he is exploiting the cultural symbols of others for his own gain. Despite these criticisms, there is no denying that Robbo's "Ozzy" has struck a chord with many Australians. Whether it's the catchy tune, the humorous lyrics, or the way that the song celebrates everything that's great about Australia, there's no denying that Robbo has created something special with his latest parody. As for Azalea, only time will tell how she will react to having her song transformed in such a way. However, given the rapper's already demonstrated sense of humor, it's possible that she will take Robbo's parody in stride and even embrace the positive message that it celebrates. Overall, Robbo's "Ozzy" is a catchy and lighthearted take on Australian culture that has quickly become a fan favorite. While it might not be for everyone, it's impossible to deny the positive energy that the song brings to audiences all around the world.