article: A 17-year-old North Andover High School senior from Massachusetts drove to a party to pick . up her friend who was too drunk to drive. Little did Erin Cox know that her decision to be a sober driver . for her drunken friend would cost her title as volleyball team captain. The . teen was also suspended for five games. Fox reports that authorities busted the underage drinking . party on Main Street in Boxford, Ma and warned . the 15 North Andover High School students that they would be called to court . for drinking. Honorable student: Erin Cox, a 17-year-old honor student, lost her title as captain of the volleyball team when she agreed to drive her drunk friend home from a party . North Andover High School in Massachusetts where a zero alcohol tolerance policy also refers to sober drivers . Erin Cox was one of those unlucky students , but she wasn't drinking. An officer vouched for her sobriety but that . didn’t change the school’s decision to punish the girl for her friend’s behaviour. Erin’s mother, Eleanor Cox, filed a lawsuit in the district court last . week but the court told her that the school suspension was not under their . jurisdiction. The family’s lawyer Wendy Murphy told CBS, ‘If a kid asks . for help from a friend, you don’t want that kid to say “I’m sorry I can’t help . you. I might end up in trouble at school.”’ Erin's mother, Eleanor cox, believes that her daughter did the right thing and that she shouldn't lose her position as team captain . MADD reports that drunk driving is extremely dangerous and amounts for one third of car accidents . The school’s website has a section in which it describes its . ‘social learning expectations.’ It states, ‘North Andover students will . demonstrate service. They believe the growth and improvement of a relationship . and community depends on the willingness of others to contribute support to the . greater good.’ Drunk driving is extremely dangerous and amounts for one . third of car accidents, MADD reports. In recent years, 31 per cent of drunken car accidents were caused by teen drivers. Erin Cox’s attempt to protect her friend . from an accident could qualify under ‘the willingness of others to contribute . to the greater good.’ When asked if she would drive her friend home safely after . becoming aware of the consequences, she said that she would. 'She didn’t do anything wrong. She did what she thought was . right, and I’m very proud of her,' Erin’s mother said. CBS reported that the parents of Erin's teammates are forming a petition to support her. The school’s lawyer Geoffrey Bok contends that the school is . trying to follow through with its zero tolerance drug and alcohol policy. School officials were unavailable to comment on their opinion about drunk driving prevention.
highlights: A police officer vouched for honor student Erin Cox's sobriety . Erin's mother tried to file a claim in court against the school's decision but it is not under their jurisdiction . Parents of Erin's volleyball teammates are starting a petition to support her .
id: fe42dcfa2d73e94d3c550d5a698c4b0add89c2ec
chatgpt: An honor student in Massachusetts is currently fighting to clear her record after being penalized by her school for attending a party where alcohol was present. Erin Cox, a North Andover High School senior and captain of the volleyball team, was accused of violating the school's zero-tolerance policy on substance abuse. Fortunately, Cox had made the responsible decision of not drinking, a fact that was supported by the arrival of the police at the party. A responding officer vouched for her sobriety and even drove her home afterwards. Despite this, the school still enforced its policy and removed Cox from the volleyball team for five games and from her position as captain. Cox's mother, Eleanor, tried to file a claim against the school's decision, but it was dismissed for lacking jurisdiction. The school argued that Cox's participation in the party, even if she did not break the law or the school's code of conduct, was enough to warrant punishment. Unsurprisingly, Cox's punishment has sparked outrage and support from the community. Parents of her volleyball teammates have started a petition to support her and have already received over 20,000 signatures. Many believe that Cox's punishment was unfair, as she did not break any rules. Supporters argue that the school should have considered her positive character and the fact that she made the responsible decision to not drink. Furthermore, some have pointed out that the school's zero-tolerance policy may be discouraging students from seeking help when they or their peers are in danger. Cox's situation exemplifies how the fear of punishment may hinder students from making responsible decisions or assisting others. Many have criticized the school for ignoring the police officer's account of Cox's sobriety and for not taking into consideration the situation's specific circumstances. The incident highlights a larger issue of schools enacting zero-tolerance policies that may not always be beneficial to students. As for Cox, she remains determined to clear her record and has received support from numerous communities, including that of Georgetown University, where she has been accepted into their nursing program. The case has also sparked discussions about the broader implications of zero-tolerance policies in schools and their potential negative impact on students. It remains to be seen if Cox's case will lead to any changes in the school's policies or if it will even be resolved in her favor. Nevertheless, her experience serves as a reminder of the importance of considering circumstances and positive character traits in disciplinary actions.