article: Has Robert Pires taken a new career path in security? The Arsenal legend attended his wife Jessica's nude photoshoot with French photographer Jean Philippe Piter. Accompanied with the caption 'Behind the scene with my bodyguard. Thx to @jeanphilippepiter2 got those amazing pics!!!' Pires can be seen overlooking the model. Despite his protective presence, the former France international has decided to dust off his football boots and step out of retirement. VIDEO Scroll down to relive the shocker of a penalty Robert Pires took for Arsenal . Overlooking proceedings: Robert Pires looked on as his model wife Jessica took part in a nude photoshoot . Stunning: After her photoshoot Jessica Pires shared some of her pictures on Instagram . Looking good: The photoshoot was the model's first-ever nude in her 12-year career . In July, the 40-year-old announced that he had agreed to come out of retirement to link-up with the likes of former team-mates Freddie Ljungberg and David Trezeguet, who will also be involved in the inaugural season which begins in October. It was announced that month too that former Sweden midfielder Ljungberg had penned an ambassadorial contract with the ISL, while Pires is expected to line up for one of the league's eight teams. The Gunners icon hung up his boots following a brief spell at Aston Villa in 2011, but the veteran is relishing a return to the game at the ripe age of 40. Silky: Pires (left) enjoyed a trophy-laden spell at Arsenal winning two Premier League titles . Swansong: Pires (right) initially retired following a brief spell at Aston Villa in 2011 . He told the ISL's offical Twitter feed: 'I am very happy to be part of the new League when passion for football in India is on the rise. 'It will be great to play in front of enthusiastic Indian fans as well as share my knowledge with my team-mates.' The ISL will run between October and December. Familiar face: Pires will link-up with former Arsenal team-mate Freddie Ljungberg (centre) in the ISL .
highlights: Robert Pires watched his model wife Jessica involved in a nude photoshoot . Photoshoot took place with Pires captured on Instagram overlooking . Pires will play in the inaugural Indian Super League which begins in October .
id: 0fac0fbb5d895c0f5b10ba4a984f05caa8f1e70a
chatgpt: Former Arsenal midfielder Robert Pires, who is set to play in the inaugural Indian Super League this October, was recently spotted watching his wife, model Jessica Pires, take part in a racy photoshoot.  The photoshoot, which is reported to have taken place in France, showed Jessica posing in the nude with only strategically placed props covering her modesty. The shoot was captured on Instagram by one of the photographers with Robert overlooking the shoot in the background. As a successful model, Jessica Pires is no stranger to striking a pose in front of the camera. However, this particular shoot has attracted attention due to the involvement of her husband. Many fans and critics have questioned whether it is appropriate for Robert to watch his wife in such a provocative shoot. Some have suggested that it may be disrespectful to the sanctity of their marriage. However, others have defended the couple, pointing out that they are both adults and able to make their own decisions. Additionally, it is important to note that nudity in such contexts is often considered a form of art. The Indian Super League is set to kick off in October and will feature some of the best football players from around the world. Robert Pires, who is now 48 years old, was one of the key signings for the FC Goa team. Pires brings a wealth of experience to the team, having played for some of the top clubs in Europe, including Arsenal and Villarreal. His signing has been hailed as a major coup for the Indian Super League, which is hoping to attract more big names to its ranks in the future. While the photoshoot may have raised some eyebrows, it is unlikely to have any impact on Robert's performance on the football field. He is sure to be focused on helping FC Goa secure victory in the upcoming season. In conclusion, Robert Pires' involvement in his wife's photoshoot has caused a stir among fans and critics alike. However, it is ultimately up to the couple to decide what is appropriate for their relationship. With the Indian Super League just around the corner, all eyes will be on Pires as he takes to the field with FC Goa.