article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Zsa Zsa Gabor's recovery from hip replacement surgery last month has been slower than predicted, but her daughter disputed a report that the actress "suffered a setback" Saturday. "She is no different than she was from yesterday or the day before," Francesca Hilton, who was at her mother's hospital bedside, said Saturday. She was awake watching TV and eating, Hilton said. Gabor's husband, meanwhile, told CNN that she "went into shock" Saturday morning, delaying her release from Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center that had been planned for this weekend. The 93-year-old actress is now expected to go to her Bel Air, California, home Monday, Prince Frederic Von Anhalt said. Von Anhalt said Hilton would not know of her mother's condition because he has told doctors not to talk to her. The stepfather and stepdaughter have had a cold relationship in recent years that included a legal fight over a mortgage on Gabor's Bel Air mansion. The German prince, 67, married Gabor 24 years ago. Francesca Hilton, 64, is Gabor's only child, the product of her second marriage to hotel magnate Conrad Hilton. Gabor, who suffered a broken hip in a fall from her bed July 17, underwent surgery July 19. Von Anhalt initially predicted she would leave the hospital just a few days after the surgery. Gabor's fall happened as she reached to answer the phone while watching the television game show "Jeopardy," which is "a must-see show" for the actress, her husband said. Gabor has been frail and "pretty much confined to a wheelchair" since a 2002 car accident, he said. The crash occurred when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles. The glamorous Hungarian-born actress, the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters, is most famous for her many marriages. Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders. Her more prominent films include John Huston's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic, "Moulin Rouge;" "The Story of Three Loves," 1953; "The Girl in the Kremlin," 1957; and Orson Welles' classic "Touch of Evil," 1958. In 1989, Gabor was sentenced to 72 hours in jail for slapping a Beverly Hills police officer after a traffic stop. She also had to perform community service at a battered women's shelter. The other Gabor sisters were Magda, the oldest, who died in 1997 five days shy of 83, and Eva, the youngest, who died in 1995 at 76. Magda, an occasional stage actress, also was married to Sanders at one time. Eva is probably best remembered for her role as a socialite turned farmer's wife on the 1960s TV sitcom "Green Acres."
highlights: Gabor's daughter says her mom is eating and watching TV . The actress' husband says a setback delayed her release Saturday . Gabor is now expected to go home Monday . The 93-year-old actress suffered a broken hip in July .
id: bc6a5539014c5e110ecd4bcd61b30f7ce5769559
chatgpt: After weeks of medical treatment and rehabilitation, Zsa Zsa Gabor, the 93-year-old actress, is finally set to return home. Gabor broke her hip in July, prompting her hospitalization and rehabilitation at a rehab center in California. However, according to reports, her release from the facility has been delayed by several days. Gabor's daughter, Francesca Hilton, confirmed that the actress has been in good spirits despite her physical challenges. She revealed that her mother had been passing the time eating and watching TV. The young Hilton expressed her delight in having her mother return home after the long stay in the hospital. According to Hilton, the actress had been receiving visits from several of her famous friends, including Quincy Jones, Barry Bostwick and Anjelica Huston. They all came to the rehab center to wish her well and show their support. Hilton is grateful for the support from her mother's circle of friends. However, setbacks have delayed Gabor's expected release from the facility. On her Facebook page, her husband, Frederic Prinz Von Anhalt, said that Gabor had experienced a recent setback, which resulted in the delay of her release. According to Von Anhalt, he was informed that his wife's release had to be postponed to Monday, to allow her to receive the best possible care. The setback is said to be related to Gabor's hip injury. The actress, known for her glamour and elegance, underwent hip replacement surgery to mend her broken hip. The surgery was successful, but the recovery process has been long and strenuous. Her medical team has had to monitor her health closely to ensure that she experiences no further complications. Gabor has been in and out of hospitals over the years, battling various health issues. The Hungarian-born actress had a reputation for her beauty and grace, which made her an iconic figure in Hollywood. She has lobbied with various health issues, including a stroke in 2005 and another car crash in 2002, which left her also wheelchair-bound. Despite her medical history, Gabor remains a fighter. She has proven that she is determined to fight through her current health issues and return home. Her family and friends are just as determined to see her recover fully and return to her glamorous self, living life to the fullest. Once she gets back to her home in Bel Air, Gabor's spirit will certainly light up the lives of all those around her, just like always.