article: An exam board apologised yesterday for a 'confusing' chemistry A-level question that students complain was impossible to answer. The Assessment and Qualifications Alliance admitted that guidance given in an A2 paper sat by just under 16,000 teenagers was 'unhelpful'. It has insisted that examiners will take into account 'the potential for confusion' when marking the question and ensure that students are not penalised. Frustration: Students argue that a question was 'impossible to answer using the data provided' in a chemistry exam on Tuesday (file pic) Students have set up a Facebook page, Thechem5paperwasadisgrace, which is 'liked' by over 2,000 people, in protest over the AQA chemistry exam which was sat on Tuesday. They argue that one question was 'impossible to answer using the data provided' while some claim there wasn't enough time to complete the difficult paper. The contested question - worth five marks out of a potential 100 for the whole paper - asked students to make a calculation using a ratio they should have come up with in part one. To help students who could not calculate the original ratio, the paper gave them another ratio to use to answer part two. However, it also told them in bold print that this was 'not the correct ratio'. One student said: 'A question regarding the percentage of a certain compound required us to use a ratio from the previous question. However if one did not get that ratio, there was a 'wrong' ratio given for use to at least get method marks. 'However, the result using this ratio was more than 100 per cent which is chemically, mathematically and theoretically impossible.' Another said: 'I know that a lot of students spent a long time trying to work out a rational answer and so ran out of time to answer other questions. I feel sorry for a lot of people who are now worried that they won't get into university because of this exam.' Baffling: The contested question was worth five marks out of a potential 100 for the whole paper . A spokeswoman for AQA said: 'We expect that the majority of students will have answered part one of the question correctly, used the ratio that they have calculated and will therefore have had no problems. 'However, the alternative ratio given in A6(d) (ii) leads to an answer that is different to what students would normally expect to see. 'Although the question can still be answered, we recognise the alternative ratio given was unhelpful and it has clearly caused confusion for some students. 'We apologise to these students and accept it would have been better to use a different ratio.' She added: 'We would like to reassure students that we have established procedures in place to deal with issues like this. 'Our examiners will take into account the potential for confusion when they mark the papers and will ensure the results of those students who used the alternative ratio are not affected.'
highlights: Anger over chemistry on Tuesday . More than 2,000 students have so far complained about exam on Facebook page . Question was worth five marks out of possible 100 .
id: 17c93bafeb70d5c94e1f9fdb97d338cacea03703
chatgpt: Thousands of students have taken to social media to express their frustration and anger over a chemistry exam that took place on Tuesday. The exam in question was worth a mere five marks out of a possible 100, but students are claiming that the question was unfair and difficult, leading to an overwhelming number of complaints on various social media platforms. According to reports, more than 2,000 students have taken to a Facebook page dedicated to the exam to express their disappointment and anger over what they feel was an unfair question. The chemistry exam, which was part of a larger end-of-term examination, was administered to students across the country. Many students have claimed that the question was misleading and confusing, making it nearly impossible for them to answer correctly. Given that the question was only worth five marks, many students have argued that it was disproportionate to the effort and focus required to answer it correctly. One student interviewed by a local news outlet said: "The question was so confusing and difficult that I spent more time trying to figure out what it was asking than actually answering it. It just seemed like a waste of time and energy for such a small percentage of the overall marks." Despite the overwhelming number of complaints, some educators have defended the examination, arguing that difficult questions are an essential component of the assessment process. They argue that by including challenging questions, students are tested on their ability to think critically and creatively, rather than simply regurgitating facts and figures. However, this response has done little to quell the anger and frustration of students who feel that they have been unfairly penalized for an unreasonably difficult question. The controversy over the exam has also raised larger questions about the effectiveness of traditional testing methods, and whether they truly serve the best interests of students. Critics argue that standardized testing puts too much emphasis on memorization and rote learning, while failing to capture the creativity and problem-solving skills that are now more important than ever in the modern job market. It remains to be seen whether the concerns and complaints of students will be addressed in a satisfactory manner. Many are calling for a formal review of the examination process, with hopes that their voices will be heard and that changes will be made to make exams more fair and equitable for all students. In the meantime, students are left to grapple with the disappointment and frustration of a seemingly unfair chemistry exam, and to contemplate the larger issues and questions it raises about the role and effectiveness of testing in education.