article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 22:24 EST, 20 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:57 EST, 21 November 2012 . Mayor Michael Bloomberg, the campaign crusader against sugary sodas and fatty fast food, can't be happy now that Burger King is delivering in New York City. Starting in January, the fast food chain is expanding its delivery program into New York City, and expects as many as 10 participating restaurants by end of year that will serve the Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan boroughs. 'We are thrilled to expand the BK . Delivers test program and offer its convenience to our New York guests . in the city that never sleeps,' said Alex Macedo, senior vice president . and general manager of U.S. franchise business for Burger King . Worldwide. Delivery: Pedestrians walk by the Burger King fast food restaurant in Midtown Manhattan. Starting January, the fast food chain is expanding its delivery program into New York City, and expects as many as 10 participating restaurants by end of year that will serve Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan boroughs . 'Our goal has always been to provide excellent service and great tasting food to our guests. After seeing the success this program has experienced...we are excited to bring this convenience to New York.' The service is already available in the Miami and Washington, D.C., areas, as well as Turkey, Mexico, Peru, Colombia and Brazil. People can order by calling a toll-free number or ordering online. Pricing may vary by location, and the delivery operating hours of 11am until 10pm with a minimum order of $10. Mr Bloomberg has a long history of various bans including smoking, sodas and fatty fast foods in moves meant to combat obesity and encourage New Yorkers to live healthier lifestyles. BKNY: Burger King CEO John Chidsey, background center, watches as 'The King' mascot of Burger King Corp., arrives at the New York Stock Exchange . In 2006, the New York City Board of . Health approved Mr Bloomberg's plan to ban trans fat in cooking oils . within the city's 24,000 food establishments. In 2007, Bloomberg introduced an initiative for chain restaurants to display calorie information on menus and menu boards. Mr Bloomberg unveiled a plan 2010 to . cut the amount of salt in packaged and restaurant food by 25 percent . over a five-year period. That same year, he successfully lobbied New . York City's Board of Health to ban the sale of sugary drinks in . containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues. Mr Bloomberg proposed a smoking ban in public spaces. Now, it's illegal and carries a $50 fine.
highlights: Delivery service will extend to Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan boroughs . $10 minimum required for home delivery .
id: e33eaabeb61ad046abdb68d2469456b8fe90594e
chatgpt: In a bid to ramp up its delivery services, a popular food chain has announced that it will now be extending its delivery services to the Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan boroughs. This move is expected to bring in more customers and increased revenue to the food chain, while also making it more convenient for customers to access its products. As part of this expansion, the food chain will require a minimum order of $10 for home delivery. This move is aimed at streamlining the delivery process and ensuring that deliveries are made in a more efficient manner. According to the food chain's management, this expansion will allow more customers to enjoy their products without having to visit their outlets physically. "Our aim is to provide our customers with a top-notch delivery service that meets their needs and exceeds their expectations," a spokesperson for the food chain said. The spokesperson also added that the service will be provided by experienced delivery personnel who have been trained to handle the company's products with utmost care. "Our delivery personnel have been thoroughly trained to deliver our products in a timely and professional manner. We understand that our customers expect nothing but the best from us, and we are committed to delivering that every single time," the spokesperson said. The news of the food chain's expansion has been met with enthusiasm from customers living in the affected boroughs. Many have expressed their excitement about the convenience of having the food chain's products delivered to their doorsteps. "I'm really excited about this news. I've always loved the food chain's products, but I've never had the time to visit their outlets due to my busy schedule. With their delivery services now available in my borough, I can now enjoy my favorite products without having to leave my home," said one customer. Other customers have also lauded the food chain's decision to require a minimum order of $10 for home delivery. "This move makes a lot of sense. It ensures that the delivery process is more efficient and that we get our products in a timely manner. I'm definitely going to take advantage of this service," said another customer. The food chain's management has assured its customers that they will continue to make improvements to their delivery services in order to meet their needs and exceed their expectations. "We are committed to delivering the best possible service to our customers. This expansion is just the beginning. We have many more exciting plans in the works to ensure that our customers can continue to enjoy our products in the most convenient manner," the spokesperson said.  Overall, the food chain's expansion of its delivery services is welcome news to its customers in the Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan boroughs, who can now enjoy their favorite products from the comfort of their own homes.