article: By . Anthony Hay for MailOnline . Follow @@Anthony_Hay . Chelsea striker Fernando Torres looks set to end his stay with the west London outfit by sealing a loan move to Serie A giants AC Milan. Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport believe AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani has held a meeting with Torres' representatives ahead of a proposed move to the San Siro. The same media outlet report how Juventus are waiting to hear back from Manchester United regarding a potential loan move for Javier Hernandez. Striker targets: Fernando Torres and Javier Hernandez could both finalise moves to Serie A this summer . Step closer: Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri looks set to land Manchester United's Hernandez . Tuttosport also report on Juventus' interest in Hernandez - claiming the club are 'close' to signing the Mexican striker. Catalan-based newspaper Sport reflect on Friday's Champions League draw which will see Barcelona come up against Paris Saint-Germain. The fixtures between the two European giants will be particularly tasty as it will see Zlatan Ibrahimovic come up against his former side. Meanwhile AS lead on Uefa's decision to hand Crisitano Ronaldo the Best Player in Europe Award. AS go with the headline 'Good evening' as Ronaldo picked up the award ahead of Arjen Robben and Manuel Neuer. Spanish daily newspaper AS believe Alvaro Negredo has been identified as a possible signing for Real Madrid if they fail to land Radamel Falcao. Portuguese media outlets A Bola and Record also report on Ronaldo's latest triumph - with the latter also highlighting the fact Ezequiel Garay will face former side Benfica in the Champions League. Champions: Sport focus on Barcelona's upcoming tie with PSG (left) while Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates his personal triumph (right) A Bola (left) reflect on Ronaldo's award while Record focus on Ezequiel Garay's (right)  Benfica showdown .
highlights: Chelsea outcast Fernando Torres looks set to join AC Milan on loan . Manchester United's Javier Hernandez could be next to leave Old Trafford . Louis van Gaal has revealed players will leave club before Monday's deadline . Manchester City striker Alvaro Negredo could join Real Madrid if they fail to sign Monaco's Radamel Falcao .
id: 4d3d92931ad59630eac65413e63860c4e35872de
chatgpt: In the world of football, the transfer market is heating up as the deadline day rapidly approaches. Latest reports suggest that Chelsea's outcast Fernando Torres is set to join AC Milan on loan. Torres, who has struggled for form and game time since his move to Stamford Bridge, has been linked with several clubs this summer. However, it seems that Milan have won the race to secure his services on a temporary basis. Meanwhile, Manchester United's Javier Hernandez could also be on his way out of Old Trafford. The Mexican forward has been a fringe player under new manager Louis van Gaal, and it appears that the Dutchman is willing to let him leave before Monday's deadline. Van Gaal has been vocal about his desire to trim down the United squad and bring in new additions before the transfer window closes. He recently revealed that he expects players to leave the club before Monday, and Hernandez could be one of the first to depart. Elsewhere, Manchester City striker Alvaro Negredo could be on his way to Real Madrid if the Spanish giants fail to secure the signing of Monaco's Radamel Falcao. Negredo, who joined City from Sevilla last summer, has been linked with a move away from the Etihad Stadium, and a return to La Liga could be on the cards. With just hours left until the transfer window slams shut, fans of European football will be eagerly anticipating further developments in the transfer market. Will Torres rediscover his form at Milan? Can Hernandez find a new lease of life away from United? And will Real Madrid make a move for Negredo? All will be revealed in the coming days.