article: (CNN)  -- A 61-year-old pastor who was killed in a rural Oklahoma church was found lying behind the altar with her arms outstretched, a source close to the investigation told CNN. Carol Daniels, a 61-year-old pastor, was found nude behind the altar of a church in Anadarko, Oklahoma. It was one of the latest details to emerge in the killing of Carol Daniels, whose nude body was found in the Christ Holy Sanctified Church in Anadarko, Oklahoma, in a crime scene the district attorney described as "horrific." Her clothes were taken from the scene, and a dissolving agent had been sprayed around her body, the source said. An FBI profiler was brought in during the weekend to assist investigators, Steve Neuman, a spokesman for the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation, said Monday. Authorities also have increased to $15,000 a reward for information. Daniels, from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was found inside the church August 23. She died from "multiple sharp-force injuries," according to a preliminary autopsy report obtained by CNN. Sharp-force injuries mean cuts or stab wounds. Diagrams in the autopsy notes show Daniels suffered injuries to the side and back of her neck, her back and her left breast. She also suffered wounds to her hands, a typical spot for defensive wounds resulting from attempts to ward off an attack. In addition, the autopsy notes say a portion of Daniels' hair appeared singed or burned. The medical examiner classified her death as a homicide. Daniels' son, Alvin Daniels, told CNN that she traveled many Sundays to Anadarko, about 50 miles southwest of her home, to the church "in case people came to worship."  Watch what the son has to say to Nancy Grace » . District Attorney Bret Burns has called the crime scene the worst he'd seen in 17 years as a prosecutor but gave no further explanation. Jessica Brown, a spokeswoman for Oklahoma's State Bureau of Investigation, said last week the body was "staged" after the killing, but declined to elaborate. Meanwhile, Neuman said, video surveillance from a convenience store near the church is being analyzed, a process that started Friday. He declined to comment on the condition of Daniels' body when found. Alvin Daniels told HLN's "Nancy Grace" that his mother was "always joking with us and always taking care of us, even giving her last dollar, even if she didn't have it." He said she took precautions at the church. "She was very cautious for the most part, and she would usually leave the door open in case people came to worship," he said. The death has unnerved religious leaders in Anadarko, said Ted Mercer, pastor of Grace Christian Fellowship, which is about three blocks from the church where Daniels' body was found. CNN's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report.
highlights: Pastor Carol Daniels' clothes were removed from the crime scene, source says . Source: Dissolving agent had been sprayed around her body . FBI profiler brought in during the weekend to help with investigation . Authorities have increased to $15,000 a reward for information .
id: f3ce74600e11b325bfef59542e7db2ba0fdee7e9
chatgpt: The investigation into the murder of Pastor Carol Daniels has taken a new twist, as sources reveal that her clothing was removed from the crime scene. The revelation comes in the wake of the news that a dissolving agent was found sprayed around her body. The FBI profiler was brought in over the weekend to aid in the investigation, in what authorities believe is a complex and well-planned murder. Daniels’ body was discovered in her home last week, and police report that the dissolving agent was found sprayed around both her and the crime scene. It has been reported that the removal of Daniels’ clothing was deliberate, and is believed to be an attempt by the killer to cover up any evidence that may have been present on the clothing. Authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward and help in the investigation, and have increased the reward to $15,000. The investigation has been ongoing for over a week now, and authorities are working tirelessly to gather any leads that could help in the case. The FBI profiler has been instrumental in helping authorities understand the killer’s motives and potential connections, and it is hoped that the increased reward will encourage anyone with information to come forward. There has been much speculation about what could have motivated the killer to target Pastor Daniels. Those who knew her describe a kind and generous woman, who was devoted to her faith and her community. However, it has been reported that she may have been involved in some controversial social issues, and it is believed that this may have made her a target. The investigation has also revealed that the killer had a high level of knowledge and skill in carrying out the murder. The use of the dissolving agent has raised concerns about the level of planning and preparation that must have gone into the crime, and authorities are urging anyone with any information to come forward as soon as possible. As the investigation continues, the police are warning members of the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity. The community remains in shock at the sudden and senseless loss of Pastor Daniels, and authorities are working to bring the killer to justice as soon as possible. In the meantime, friends and family of Pastor Daniels are remembering her as a woman of great faith, a devoted member of her community, and a loving and caring person who will be greatly missed.