article: Manchester United have always believed in nourishing young talent at the club, and it appears current boss Louis van Gaal is keen to stick to those principles. The Dutchman was in attendance as the Red Devils' Under 18s contingent took on Hull in the FA Youth Cup fourth round at Old Trafford on Tuesday night. And Van Gaal, who has promoted youngsters such as Paddy McNair, James Wilson and Tyler Blackett into the first-team this season; would have been a happy spectator as United came out on top 3-0 against the Tigers. Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal (right) was in the stands for the U18's FA Youth Cup game vs Hull . Van Gaal (left) was in attendance watching United's latest crop of stars from their academy on Tuesday night . United took the lead when Zach Dearnley's deflected cross looped over Hull goalkeeper James Wilson . Dearnley (far right) celebrates his strike as United take a 59 minute lead against Hull . After goalless first half, the hosts took the lead through Zach Dearnley on 59 minutes when his deflected cross looped in over Hull goalkeeper Joseph Walker and into the net. Four minutes later, United doubled their lead when Callum Gribbin scored a free-kick after being fouled on the edge of the box. The same player made it 3-0 soon after as he showed great poise and quick feet inside the area before lashing home a low drive for his second of the night. Paul McGuinness' side also hit the frame of the Hull goal on three separate occasions in front of a crowd of 4,087 people - which included Van Gaal. The young Reds will face an away fifth-round encounter at either Tottenham or Wolves. Callum Gribbin doubled the hosts lead with a left-footed free-kick on 63 minutes . Gribbin (right) completed the scoreline with a brilliant solo effort as United cruised past Hull . The young Reds will face travel to either Tottenham or Wolves in the fifth round of the FA Youth Cup .
highlights: Manchester United beat Hull 3-0 in the FA Youth Cup on Tuesday night . Zach Dearnley and a brace from Callum Gribbin secured United's win . Young Reds will travel to either Tottenham or Wolves in the next round .
id: e7da3cc447b0806b1ccdbfa4da29abc61f5b516a
chatgpt: Manchester United secured a comfortable 3-0 victory against Hull City in the fourth round of the FA Youth Cup on Tuesday night. The match took place at United's home ground, Old Trafford, and saw the young Reds dominate from the outset. United's Zach Dearnley opened the scoring in the 17th minute, sending the home fans into a frenzy. The youngster received a brilliant pass from Callum Gribbin, and he calmly finished past Hull's goalkeeper. The Red Devils continued to dominate possession, and it was only a matter of time before they added to their lead. In the 28th minute, it was the prolific Gribbin who got on the scoresheet. The midfielder's left-footed strike found the back of the net, and the young Reds were looking comfortable with a 2-0 lead. Gribbin wasn't done yet, as he scored his second of the night in the 65th minute, securing United's win and ensuring their place in the fifth round of the FA Youth Cup. The win was a deserved one for Manchester United, who outclassed their opponents throughout the match. Speaking after the game, United's manager, Nicky Butt, praised his team's performance. "I'm really pleased with the way the boys played tonight," he said. "We passed the ball well, were solid defensively and took our chances when they came." The draw for the fifth round of the FA Youth Cup will take place in the coming days, and Manchester United will be eagerly anticipating who they will face next. The young Reds will travel to either Tottenham or Wolves in the next round, and they will be hoping to continue their impressive form. The FA Youth Cup is a competition that has been won by some of the game's most illustrious players, including Ryan Giggs, David Beckham and Frank Lampard. Manchester United themselves have won the competition ten times in their history, the most recent of which came in the 2010-11 season. With their win against Hull City, Manchester United's under-18s have taken another step towards adding their name to the illustrious list of FA Youth Cup winners. The young Reds will be hoping to continue their impressive form and create a legacy of their own in this prestigious competition.