article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:04 EST, 28 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:04 EST, 28 December 2012 . Cherie Blair is being awarded a CBE for her services to women's issues and charities . Cherie Blair was awarded the CBE in the New Year Honours for her services to women's issues and charity. Mrs Blair, 58, has used the prominence she gained as wife of former prime minister Tony Blair to raise both funds and awareness for a wide range of charities at home and overseas. Among others, she is patron of Breast Cancer Care, Refuge, Scope and the Community Foundation for Merseyside, honorary vice-president - and formerly president - of Barnados, and president of the Loomba Foundation, which campaigns to alleviate the plight of widows around the world. In 2008, she founded the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women, which runs programmes in many parts of the developing world, including Africa, India and the Middle East, to help women set up and expand businesses, in order to gain financial independence. Mrs Blair was appointed vice-chair of the International Council on Women's Business Leadership in 2011 by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, advising the US government on how its foreign policy can support women's economic empowerment around the world. Following the announcement that she had been made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire, a spokesman for Mrs Blair said: ‘Cherie Blair is very honoured to receive this award.’ Richard Hawkes, chief executive of Scope, said that Mrs Blair first visited one of the disability charity's centres in 1998 and became a patron in 2002. She has supported dozens of events, including annual charity trading days and dinners which have between them raised £750,000 for Scope. Raising awareness: Mrs Blair gained exposure as the wife of former prime minister Tony Blair. She used this prominence to raise funds and awareness for charities at home and overseas . Mr Hawkes said it was ‘fantastic’ that her work for charity had been recognised with an honour, adding: ‘Cherie has been a patron of the disability charity Scope for 10 years, and is a passionate advocate for our work improving the lives of disabled people and their families. ‘Cherie's background as a human rights barrister, combined with her strong interest and understanding of our work, makes her one of our most committed supporters. She frequently gives up her time, mobilises her contacts, and provides knowledge and expertise in a variety of ways that help our work supporting disabled people. ‘We are incredibly fortunate to work with her, and are delighted that the Queen has recognised the exhaustive charity work Cherie undertakes, both in the UK and abroad.’
highlights: Former prime minister's wife used prominence to raise awareness . Among others, she is patron of Breast Cancer Care, Refuge and Scope . Founded Cherie Blair Foundation for Women which runs programmes in many parts of developing world .
id: dba831b150afc962242eacfc19abc2f493e02f7f
chatgpt: Cherie Blair, the wife of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, has been using her prominence to raise awareness for several important causes. Blair is known to be a passionate advocate, and has been a patron of several charitable organizations over the years. Among her causes, Blair is a patron of Breast Cancer Care, an organization that provides support and information to those affected by breast cancer. She is also a patron of Refuge, a charity working to end domestic violence and support refuges for women and children who have experienced abuse. Another cause close to her heart is Scope, a disability charity supporting individuals with disabilities and their families in the UK. In addition to her work with these organizations, Blair founded the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women. The foundation is dedicated to helping women gain the skills, knowledge, and confidence they need to succeed in their businesses and careers. The foundation runs programs in many parts of the developing world, working to provide education and training to women in countries such as Afghanistan, Nigeria, and Pakistan. Blair’s foundation aims to empower women to build and grow their businesses, helping to fuel economic growth in some of the world’s poorest communities. Through various training programs, women have been able to learn new skills and access resources that help them succeed in their chosen fields. The foundation has also been working to improve access to finance, with a focus on providing women with the capital they need to start and grow their own businesses. As a prominent figure in the public eye, Blair has been able to use her platform and her voice to help drive change and raise awareness for important causes. Her work has touched the lives of countless individuals, and her impact has been felt around the world. In recognition of her efforts, Blair has been honored with numerous awards and accolades over the years. Blair’s commitment to charity and social causes is a testament to her dedication and passion for helping others. Her influence has been felt not only in the UK, but in communities around the world. As she continues to advocate for the causes she cares about, Blair’s impact is sure to be felt for years to come.