article: Manchester United teenager James Wilson reminded Louis van Gaal of his huge potential by hitting all four goals in a 4-1 win over rivals Manchester City in the Manchester Senior Cup Final on Thursday night. Wilson scored twice on his Premier League debut against Hull City last season under interim manager Ryan Giggs but wasn't taken by Van Gaal on the club's recent pre-season tour of America. But in front of watching City manager Manuel Pellegrini, Wilson turned the Senior Cup final in Hyde on its head with clinical finishing in each half after United had fallen behind. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch James Wilson score four against Manchester City . Champion: James Wilson holds the Manchester Senior Cup after leading United to a 4-1 victory against City . Four-midable talent: James Wilson was the hero for United, scoring four times after City went ahead . Fiery encounter: Typically considering the two teams playing, there were some enthusiastic challenges . Bright start: Jordi Hiwula, centre right, leaps on Devante Cole, right, after the latter set him up to score for City . Surging ahead: City's lead did not last long though, as United, and Wilson in particular, ran riot after the break . Shielding the ball: Andreas Pereira of United tries to steal the ball from City midfielder Pablo Maffeo . Manchester City: Gunn, Bossaerts, Maffeo, Bryan (Smith-Brown 46), Angelino, Glendon, Ntcham (Horsfield 53), Fofana, Cole, Pozo (Ambrose 68), Hiwula . Subs not used: O'Brien, Bytyqi. Goal: Hiwula. Manchester United: J Pereira; Vermijl, McNair, Thorpe, Varela; Janko, Pearson, Rothwell, Lawrence; A Pereira; Wilson . Subs not used: O'Hara, Harrop, Goss, Willock, Evans . Goals: Wilson (4). Attendance: 3,261. Patrick Vieira's City youngsters took the lead in front of an impressive crowd of 3,261 when Andy Cole's son Devante set up Jordi Hiwula to score. But after that it was the Wilson show. He levelled on the stroke of half-time and then twice breached the City defence to score early in the second half . His first dunked a finish past goalkeeper Angus Gunn, son of former Norwich City No 1 Bryan, and then side footed for his hat-trick. He added a fourth late on. Wilson, 18, is tipped to be the next United youngster after Adnan Januzaj to emerge from the club's famed youth ranks and follow in the footsteps of The Busby Babes and Class of '92. Van Gaal will probably consider sending Wilson on loan to The Championship or League One to gain competitive first-team experience. It was the 28th time United had lifted the Senior Cup and it means the club have won two trophies in Van Gaal's first three weeks at the club. Delighted: Wilson peels away in celebration after drawing United level with a fine individual effort . Crunch tackle: Matthew Wilcock of United and Angel Tasende of City battle for possession in midfield . VIDEO Van Gaal discussing the need the strengthen his squad .
highlights: Jordi Hiwula put City ahead in first half following good play by Devante Cole . James Wilson drew United level with a goal on brink of half-time, and then struck early in the second half to put them 2-1 up at Ewen Fields . Young forward completed his hat-trick after an impressive United counter . Wilson was not finished there though, as he netted a fourth to make it 4-1 . Reds have now won the competition 28 times with Warren Joyce's side lifting the trophy for the past four seasons .
id: 8be1933af63cce67492799d428c21f1783f73913
chatgpt: Manchester United's under-23s team claimed their fifth consecutive Manchester Senior Cup title after a dominant 4-1 victory over their crosstown rivals, Manchester City, at Ewen Fields. City went ahead in the first half through Jordi Hiwula after some impressive play by Devante Cole. But United, who have been in dominant form in this competition in recent years, fought back strongly. James Wilson leveled the scores on the brink of half-time, finishing off a well-worked move. United came out firing in the second half and Wilson continued his fine form, putting the visitors ahead just minutes after the restart. City tried to mount a comeback, but the young Red Devils were too strong on the counter, and Wilson completed his impressive hat-trick after another devastating break. The home side were shell-shocked, as they had no answer to United's pace and precision. And Wilson was not finished there, as he netted a fourth to seal the victory for Warren Joyce's side. The result meant that United has now lifted the trophy a remarkable 28 times, with the current team winning it for the fourth consecutive season. Speaking after the game, Joyce was full of praise for his team's performance. "We knew it would be a tough game today, as City are always difficult opponents", Joyce admitted. "But we stuck to our gameplan and showed our quality. James [Wilson] was outstanding, but it was a real team effort. I'm proud of our players and what they have achieved." Wilson, who has been out of favour with United's first-team coach Jose Mourinho in recent times, was delighted with his performance. "It's always good to score goals, and winning another trophy with this great club is special", the young forward said. "I just hope to keep playing well and keep my place in the team." City, meanwhile, will be disappointed with the result, but will take heart from some good performances from their young players. Speaking after the game, manager Simon Davies said that his team will learn from the experience. "We didn't play as well as we can today, but that's part of the learning process", Davies commented. "United were very good, but we'll take the positives from this game and move on." The Manchester Senior Cup has a rich history, and winning it is always a highly prized achievement for both the red and blue halves of the city. This year, it was United who ultimately emerged victorious, with Wilson's fantastic display leading them to yet another memorable triumph.