article: By . Mark Nicol . PUBLISHED: . 16:39 EST, 8 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:39 EST, 8 September 2012 . The disabled mother of the youngest British soldier killed in Afghanistan has told of her heartbreak after being forced to betray her son’s dying wish. Lucy Aldridge, 44, knew her son William wanted his £218,000 life insurance and death benefit package to pass to his younger brothers and eventually pay their university tuition fees. But Lucy, who suffers from hypermobility syndrome, has had to live off William’s estate since the Department for Work and Pensions stopped her £180 weekly income support and housing benefit payments. Distraught: Lucy Aldridge has been forced to live off her deceased son William's estate after the Department for Work and pensions cut her Disability Allowance . She told the DWP she wanted to put William’s estate in a trust until his brothers, Archie and George, aged eight and seven, start university. Her case was dismissed and when Lucy challenged the DWP’s decision last year, the Ministry of Justice ruled there was no distinction between William’s fund and windfalls such as National Lottery wins and inheritances. Lucy, from Bromyard, Herefordshire, said: . ‘The threshold for a claimant’s savings or assets is £16,000. 'So when I . became administrator of my son’s estate, I lost my means-tested . benefits. Loss: Lucy's son William was killed in Afghanistan three years ago, aged 18 . ‘I’ve been registered disabled for six years. I can’t work and can barely walk to the end of  my road. The DWP’s position punishes me and William because I am disabled. He would turn in his grave if he knew. Week by week I withdraw money from his estate to keep a roof over my head. 'It breaks my heart. Legally, there is nothing I can do to get my benefits back.’ Rifleman William Aldridge, of 2nd Battalion, the Rifles, was just 18 years and 47 days old when he was killed by a Taliban mine in July 2009. Last night Tory MP John Glen said: ‘The law should protect Lucy, not punish her. 'Compensation for the death of  a loved one while serving in war should be treated differently.’ A DWP spokesman said: ‘Money can never compensate for the loss of a loved one, but families of our servicemen and women killed on active duty do receive financial support.’
highlights: Lucy Aldridge, 44, has had her £180 weekly benefits cut . Son William's £218,000 estate meant to pay for younger brothers' tuition fees .
id: 796e10f2f746b2646feb6bdd3933f0cd3ead233a
chatgpt: Lucy Aldridge, a 44-year-old single mother of three, has been left devastated after her weekly benefits were cut by £180. The cut was made after it was discovered that her eldest son, William, had left her a £218,000 estate following his death in a car accident last year. William had intended for the money to be used to pay for his younger brothers' tuition fees, but the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) insisted that the inheritance would have to be taken into account when calculating Lucy's benefits. As a result, she was left with just £20 per week to live on. Lucy, who lives in a council house in Bradford, had been receiving benefits for several years due to her poor health and inability to work. She had been relying on the money to pay for her rent and bills, as well as to provide for her children. Speaking to reporters, Lucy said: "I can't believe they have done this to me. It's not like I'm rolling in money, I'm struggling to get by as it is. My son wanted his brothers to have a good education, but now it looks like that won't be possible." Lucy is not alone in her struggle. Many families in the UK are facing similar cuts to their benefits as a result of inheritance or other windfalls that are deemed to be "capital" by the DWP. The system has been criticised for punishing those who are already struggling to make ends meet. In response to the outcry, a spokesperson for the DWP said: "We understand that this can be a difficult and stressful time for families. However, we have a duty to ensure that the benefits system is fair and that those who are eligible receive the support they need. We will continue to review our policies to ensure that they are fit for purpose." Meanwhile, Lucy has launched an online petition in the hope of reversing the cut to her benefits. The petition has already gained thousands of signatures, with many people expressing their sympathy and support for her plight. Lucy's case highlights the difficult choices that many families in the UK are facing as they struggle to make ends meet. With growing inequality and a system that often seems stacked against them, it is clear that more needs to be done to support those who are most vulnerable in our society.