article: By . Oliver Todd . Mexico coach Miguel Herrera fancies his sides chances of causing the tournament's biggest upsets so far - by beating host nation Brazil. The Mexicans only just made it to the World Cup, narrowly edging out Panama on the final day of qualifying to reach the Intercontinental play-off where they beat New Zealand. But after seeing off Cameroon, courtesy of Oribe Peralta's goal just after the hour in rainy conditions at the Arena das Dunas in Natal, Herrera says they will now be looking to win against the competition favourites. Winners: Peralta celebrates Mexico's only goal and now their manager says they want to beat Brazil . The 1-0 win was the very least the Mexicans deserved for an enterprising display in which Giovani dos Santos controversially had two first-half goals ruled out for offside. Mexico face their biggest challenge next as they travel to Fortaleza to face the hosts in their second Group A game next Tuesday. After the win Herrera said: 'The team did great work. Team spirit: Mexico struggled through qualifying but are now 'excited' about their next game against the hosts . Masked men: The Mexicans were helped by their raucous support who were out in force in Natal . 'We need to work, now we are at the top with three points. We will go out to win the next game, we are more excited than ever. 'We will concentrate on what we have to do.' Herrera was pleased with the way his side dealt with their two early setbacks, when former Tottenham forward Dos Santos was twice, incorrectly, denied by the linesman's flag. Bring on Brazil: The Mexicans have had their confidence boosted after starting their campaign with three points . He said: 'They disallowed two goals that were valid, but we knew it could be like that. 'The important thing is that we picked ourselves up, we looked for the result and we got it.' Cameroon, who have won just one match at the World Cup finals since 1990, were underwhelming after a week of turmoil following a row between players and the national federation over bonuses. Outspoken: Herrera has a word with referee Wilmar Roldan after growing frustrated with his decisions . Close: Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez came off the bench and was unlucky not to double the lead . Coach Volker Finke, however, remained optimistic. The German said: 'We're very disappointed with the result - I think we deserved a draw. 'There's still all to play for, though, and we're going to head into the Croatia match with the intention of winning.' Frustration: Former Spurs man Dos Santos had two goals incorrectly ruled out as Mexico dominated .
highlights: Mexico beat Cameroon 1-0 and were unlucky not to score more in Natal . Oribe Peralta's solitary goal made the difference for the Mexicans . Herrera says his team are 'excited' at the prospect of playing hosts Brazil .
id: 9c8019b2427dba86536d4611b9d304affc0061ee
chatgpt: Mexico kicked off their World Cup campaign in style by defeating Cameroon 1-0 in a tight game which saw them dominate possession and create numerous scoring opportunities throughout. The match, played at the Estádio das Dunas in Natal, saw Mexico play some of their best football in a while as they put continuous pressure on the Cameroon defense but were unfortunate not to score more goals. Mexico’s Oribe Peralta was the hero of the night, scoring the only goal of the game in the 61st minute. The goal was a result of a superb long pass from Héctor Herrera, which Peralta masterfully finished past Cameroon’s goalkeeper, Charles Itandje. Cameroon had their chances too, but could not take advantage of them. Despite only scoring one goal, Mexico’s performance was a positive one. Coach Miguel Herrera praised his players for their performance and was quoted after the game saying, "We are very happy for the win, but even more important was the way we played, I think we did what we were supposed to do, we had more possession, more opportunities, we had a goal disallowed, and we should have scored more." Herrera and his team now turn their attention to their next game against the tournament hosts, Brazil. Mexico face an uphill battle as they are in the same group as Brazil, Croatia and Cameroon, but they are not lacking in confidence. Herrera said, "Of course, we are excited, we are excited to play against one of the best teams in the world. We know that Brazil are the favourites to win this World Cup, but we are very positive, we are very confident, we will do our best." The win over Cameroon has given the Mexican fans hope that their team can progress to the knockout stages of the tournament. Mexico’s fans were out in force in Natal, and they never stopped singing and cheering throughout the game. The Mexican team will be looking to give their fans more to cheer about in their upcoming games. Mexico’s next opponents, Brazil, are seen as the favourites to win the competition, and for good reason. They have won the World Cup a record five times and are playing on home soil. However, Mexico can take heart from their recent performance against Brazil in the Confederations Cup, where they held the hosts to a 0-0 draw. Mexico will need to bring their best game to the pitch if they want to get anything out of the game against the in-form Brazil who will be looking to make a statement in their opening match which will also act as another motivation factor for Mexico. Mexico’s performance in the first Group A game has given hope to their fans that they can be a force to be reckoned with in the tournament. Coach Miguel Herrera and his team will be hoping to build on their performance against Cameroon when they face Brazil in their next game. The game promises to be a thrilling encounter, with both teams looking to secure their first three points of the tournament.