article: By . Mercury Press . Most people expect to find a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow - not a herd of WHALES. Whale watchers caught these colourful displays on camera as the huge mammals spouted RAIN-BLOWS into the air as they blew water from their breathing holes. Making a splash entrance! A whale is seen doing a flip in the Strait of Juan de Fuca in Washington . Rainbow: One whale 'blew' a rainbow out of its spout . Whales were spotted in both Cape Cod and Washington State . The bright sunlight was reflected through the fountain of water, causing a multi-coloured spectrum effect and creating the illusion of a rainbow. The curious whales were captured on film as they swam alongside whale watching cruise boats off the coast of America - in Cape Cod, Massachusetts and Washington State. Randy McConnell captured the incredible sight as the whales cruised in the waters off Cape Cod. Mr McConnell said: 'The rainbow came as a complete surprise. I guess I was just in exactly the right place at the right time as the whales came up for air. Having fun? The whales are seen in the water with a rainbow overhead . Putting on a show! One whale swam close to whale watchers . Magical! The whales delighted the onlookers . 'I love wildlife and I have traveled to many places around the world - but this was probably one of the most magical things I have seen. 'You are able to get very close to them and it seems they are just as curious about us as we are about them.' But while the whales are eager to explore the boats, they pose a danger to the largely endangered creatures who can be harmed by the boat's propellers. Wildlife photographer Sara Shimazu added: 'One of the whales I have photographed is known as "split fin" because of the damage to its dorsal fin. 'And although the injury is healed it serves as a permanent reminder that boaters need to be "whale wise". 'We need to slow down and stay out of the path of whales so we can continue to experience them and enjoy the beautiful whale rain-blows.'
highlights: Whale watchers caught these colorful displays on camera in Cape Cod and Washington State . Bright sunlight was reflected through . the fountain of water, causing a multi-coloured spectrum effect and . creating the illusion of a rainbow .
id: 19b5b92e0dc9596c1c22cc9f3f190f25ef4797ca
chatgpt: Whale watchers had quite the treat recently as they were able to capture some truly colorful displays on camera. In both Cape Cod and Washington State, a stunning spectacle was put on by these majestic creatures as they breached through the surface of the water. This display of beauty was caught on camera and left many in awe. The bright sunlight that shone through the fountain of water caused a truly remarkable effect. The result was a multi-coloured spectrum that created the illusion of a rainbow. The whales seemed to know that they were being watched because their performance lasted for quite a while. Those lucky enough to witness this display were thrilled to have captured such a rare moment on camera. Marine biologists were not surprised to see such a beautiful display from the whales. Humpback whales are known for their acrobatic movements and their playful nature. In fact, the resurgence of humpback whale populations in recent years has been a welcome sight for those who study marine biology. The colorful display was not only seen by those on the boat watching the whales, but also by those onshore as well. The rainbow effect caused by the sunlight through the misty fountain of water was visible from quite a distance. Many locals in the area stopped to see what was causing such a beautiful display of colors. For those who were able to get up close to the whales, it was an unforgettable experience. The sight of these massive creatures as they leaped above the water was nothing short of breathtaking. The sound of their powerful exhales as they shot water out of their blowholes added to the experience.  Overall, the combination of the whales' acrobatic movements and the stunning rainbow effect was quite the showstopper. It's not every day that we get to witness such a display of beauty and wonder in nature. Those who were lucky enough to capture this moment on camera will have a memory that is sure to last a lifetime. And for those who didn't, videos and photos taken by others will continue to circulate the internet, giving us a glimpse of the incredible display put on by these majestic creatures.