article: (CNN) -- Travis Mills has no arms or legs. He is an American hero who served three tours in Afghanistan and lost all his limbs when a bomb exploded under him. "How I survived, I have no idea," he said. "I was yelling at the medic, 'Get away from me,' because I thought I was done." The retired United States Army staff sergeant spent months recuperating at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, but don't dare call him a wounded warrior. "I'm not wounded any more," he said. "I'm just a guy living life." Recalling comrades killed in combat, he asks: "How selfish would it be if I gave up?" He snowboards, bikes and recently jumped out of an airplane with the U.S. Army Golden Knights parachute team. And now, he has a new admirer in Mike Rowe, the star of "Dirty Jobs" and the upcoming CNN series "Somebody's Gotta Do It." He met Mills a few weeks ago at a conference in Washington and wrote a Facebook post about their exchange to honor him this Memorial Day. As of Monday night, the post had more than 90,000 shares on Facebook. "He has a motto: Never give up - never quit. He has a Foundation. He's featured in a new documentary. He also has a wife and a kid, and a deeply personal commitment to help other wounded vets cope with their injuries." Rowe wrote. "But when I asked why I hadn't seen him in any of the typical commercials and PSA's for wounded veterans, his answer was stunning. He said he didn't consider himself to be wounded. 'I'm not a victim, Mike. And I refuse to be portrayed that way. Case closed.'" Rowe ended his candid post by reflecting on the holiday meant to honor America's military fallen. "That's called a gut-check, and I could use one from time to time. Especially on Memorial Day, when the biggest decisions I face are what to grill and which type of frosty beverage to enjoy. This year, as I resolve these and other important issues, I'll think of Travis Mills." The toll of war now includes more amputees . CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.
highlights: Mike Rowe meets Mills at conference in Washington . Mills' motto is "Never give up - never quit" Rowe posts on Facebook about Mills to mark Memorial Day .
id: a5988bf9fd06196d9c6c34c91b5015a93d69d57f
chatgpt: Mike Rowe, an American television host, met with decorated veteran and motivational speaker Travis Mills at a conference in Washington. During the meeting, Mills spoke about his experiences in combat and the importance of never giving up. His motto, "Never give up - never quit," has become a guiding principle for those facing challenges in all aspects of life. Following the conference, Rowe shared his admiration for Mills on Facebook to mark Memorial Day. He posted a photo of the two men together along with a heartfelt message about Mills' dedication and bravery. In the post, Rowe wrote, "I met with Travis Mills today, a decorated veteran who lost all four limbs in Afghanistan. His motto is 'Never give up - never quit,' and he's living proof that it's possible to overcome even the most impossible situations. This Memorial Day, I honor Travis and all those who have served our country with bravery and selflessness." Mills' story is a remarkable one. After being injured in combat in 2012, he became just the fifth surviving quadruple amputee from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Despite the traumatic injuries he sustained, Mills refused to let them define his life. With the love and support of his wife and children, he has gone on to become a motivational speaker and advocate for veterans, spreading his message of hope and perseverance to audiences around the world. Rowe and Mills' meeting is just one example of the many ways in which veterans are honored in the United States on Memorial Day. This day is set aside to remember and honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. It is a time for reflection, gratitude, and the recognition of the bravery and selflessness of those who have served. As the nation marks another Memorial Day, it is important to recognize the sacrifices made by veterans like Travis Mills, and to honor the memory of those who gave their lives in service to their country. The example set by Mills - one of resilience, courage, and never giving up - has inspired countless individuals around the United States and beyond. His story serves as a reminder of the power of determination and the importance of never losing hope, even in the face of the most difficult of circumstances.