article: An electronic nose can sniff out superbug Clostridium difficile in pateints' faeces. Currently tests only look for toxins which suggest C-Diff might be present . Sniffing faeces with an ‘electronic nose’ can detect bacteria causing deadly infections, according to new research. An electronic nose was able to sniff out whether killer hospital superbug Clostridium difficile (C-diff) was present in patients’ faeces - as well as which variety they have. This is because different strains of the bacteria release different smelling chemicals, which the nose can pick up on. Current tests just examine the symptoms and search the faeces for toxins which suggest C-diff is present, rather than sniffing out the bug itself. Researchers at the University of Leicester say the tool could be useful in screening patients in future. One of the researchers, Professor Paul Monks, told the BBC that electronic noses could be attached to bedpan washers to screen patients for C-diff. He said: ‘By smelling different strains of C. difficile we could tell which are good and which are potentially bad, which leads to the question, "Can you screen patients?" ‘We've shown it is possible to do it in the lab - the next thing we need to do is in bedpans. 'We can [put the e-nose] on the side of bedpan washers as you start the cycle, sniff it and then say, "You may want to look at that patient".’ C-diff can lead to serious infections, causing stomach cramps, temperatures and diarrhoea. It is resistant to many ordinary antibiotics and can lead to death. In 2012, there were 1,646 deaths in the UK involving C-diff. While the number of cases has fallen rapidly, a new strain of bacteria has emerged in recent years that tends to cause more severe infections. It is hoped that screening for C-diff could save the NHS money if patients are not hospitalised for so long with it. Scientists were able to work out the ‘chemical fingerprint’ of compounds associated with the different strain of the bug. The electronic nose could smell the 'chemical fingerprints' of different strains of the bacteria. Researchers were able to work out the 'chemical fingerprint' of compounds associated with different strains of the superbug. The electronic nose can identify each different strain . Scientists are already investigating whether electronic noses could be used to detect cancer, by looking for the unique smell of the chemicals produced by a lung or breast tumour. As well as being able to identify which strain of bacterial species is present, the researchers said that knowing which strain of bacteria was causing the illness could allow doctors to give more targeted treatment. Dr Martha Clokie, from the university’s Department of Microbiology and Immunology, said: ‘Current tests for C-diff don’t generally give strain information - this test could allow doctors to see what strain was causing the illness and allow doctors to tailor their treatment.’
highlights: Electronic nose can detect whether superbug Clostridium difficile is present in faeces, as well as which strain . There were 1,646 deaths in the UK in 2012 due to C-diff , which causes stomach cramps, temperatures and diarrhoea . Current test just search faeces for toxins which suggest C-diff is present, rather than sniffing out the bug itself . Experts say nose could be used to screen patients for the bacteria and could save the NHS money if patients aren't hospitalised for so long .
id: e002dccc735d511c9d1dab1409231d21c290f236
chatgpt: A new electronic nose has been developed that can detect the presence of Clostridium difficile, a superbug that causes stomach cramps, fever, and diarrhoea. The device could help prevent the spread of the bacteria and save the UK's National Health Service (NHS) significant amounts of money by allowing patients to be screened for the bug before they are hospitalised. Currently, clinicians search faecal samples for the toxins associated with C-diff, but this method is not foolproof, as it can give false negatives. The electronic nose detects the bacteria itself, and can distinguish between different strains. C-diff is a significant public health concern in the UK, with 1,646 deaths attributed to the superbug in 2012 alone. It spreads easily in healthcare settings, such as hospitals and care homes, and is difficult to treat, often requiring powerful antibiotics. The new device, developed by a team of scientists at the University of Leicester, works by analysing the VOCs (volatile organic compounds) produced by faecal samples. These VOCs have unique chemical signatures that can indicate the presence and strain of the superbug. The researchers tested the electronic nose on samples from patients with known C-diff infections, and found that it was able to detect the bacteria in all cases. It was also able to distinguish between different strains of the bug, which could help clinicians better target treatment. The electronic nose could have significant benefits for patients and the NHS. By screening patients for C-diff before they are hospitalised, doctors can take steps to prevent the spread of the bacteria and reduce the length of hospital stays. According to Dr Martha Clokie, a senior lecturer at the University of Leicester, the device has the potential to save the NHS "significant amounts of money". Hospitalisations due to C-diff can be lengthy and costly, with one study estimating that the average length of stay for affected patients is around 21 days. The electronic nose could also help identify outbreaks of the bacteria, allowing healthcare providers to take swift action to contain the spread of the infection. The technology is still in the early stages of development, and further testing is needed to determine its accuracy and effectiveness. However, the researchers are hopeful that it could be used in clinical settings within the next few years. While the electronic nose is a significant development in the battle against C-diff, it is just one of many new technologies being developed to combat the superbug. Researchers around the world are exploring new treatments and prevention strategies, including the use of probiotics, faecal microbiota transplants, and vaccines. Preventing the transmission of C-diff is essential, as the superbug is becoming increasingly resistant to antibiotics. With the development of technologies like the electronic nose, healthcare providers have new tools to stop the spread of the infection and protect patients from its devastating effects.