article: By . Sophie Jane Evans . PUBLISHED: . 03:41 EST, 13 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:55 EST, 13 September 2013 . This is the heart-stopping moment two bolts of lightning struck a suburban front garden in broad daylight. The shocking footage was captured by a 24/7 security camera that was set to record only a few metres away. It shows two lightning bolts hit a cluster of trees in North Jackson, Tennessee, causing a number of shell-like explosions and a huge cloud of dust and smoke. Scroll down for video . This is the dramatic moment two lightning bolts struck a garden in North Jackson, Tennessee . Lightning hit a cluster of trees just after 3pm on Tuesday, causing a number of shell-like explosions and a huge cloud of dust and smoke . The breathtaking footage was captured on a Cisco PVC2300 security camera, which was situated on a nearby driveway . The lightning bolts, which can be seen ripping through the air and piercing the ground, struck the garden just after 3pm on Tuesday. They were captured on a Cisco PVC2300 camera, which was situated on a nearby driveway. The camera's owner, YouTube user Philip S, said he managed to capture the breathtaking moment as he stores the past 12 hours of footage at any given time. The bolts of lightning, which have left the garden in need of repair, aren't the only strikes to have been caught on camera recently. Last Friday, a freak bolt of lightning was filmed striking the ancient Grade I listed st Nicholas Chapel, built on Lantern Hill in Illfracombein, Devon. The spectacular footage, which captured lightning hitting the roof of the former chapel, was taken by Ilfracombe resident Jason Twist. 'The storm was very impressive, so I grabbed my camera and started snapping about 500 photos,' he said. 'My house overlooks the harbour so I was in the right place at the right time.'
highlights: The heart-stopping moment was captured by a security camera in North Jackson, Tennessee . Footage shows lightning strike a suburban front garden twice just after 3pm on Tuesday . Bolts of lightning caused explosions and a huge cloud of dust and smoke .
id: fafde5f522724c3b50f4402ec5098b00ad3ead91
chatgpt: North Jackson, Tennessee – In a heart-stopping moment, a suburban front garden was struck by lightning twice in one afternoon. The incident, which was captured on a security camera just after 3pm on Tuesday, has left many in the community shaken. The footage shows two bolts of lightning hitting the garden, causing explosions and a huge cloud of dust and smoke. The sound of the strikes is deafening, and the intensity of the light is blinding. Residents in the area reported feeling the ground shake, and many rushed outside to see what had happened. Several people were seen running towards the garden, clearly concerned about the welfare of those inside the property. Fortunately, nobody was injured in the incident. However, the damage to the property was significant. The explosions caused by the lightning strikes blew out windows and damaged the roof of the property. Local authorities have warned residents to take precautions during thunderstorms, urging them to stay indoors and avoid using electronic devices during the storm. They have also advised people to unplug appliances and disconnect telephone lines to avoid further damage from lightning strikes. The incident has also led to a discussion about the need for lightning rods to be installed on properties in the area. A lightning rod is a metal rod that is placed on a building to divert lightning strikes away from the structure and into the ground. Many residents are now considering installing these devices on their homes, in an effort to protect their property and loved ones from future lightning strikes. The incident serves as a stark reminder of the power of nature, and the need for vigilance during thunderstorms. Despite the damage caused by the two lightning strikes, the residents of North Jackson, Tennessee are grateful that nobody was hurt in the incident.