article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:06 EST, 12 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:46 EST, 13 July 2013 . A supervisor at a Seattle warehouse was caught raping a fellow worker who was developmentally disabled whilst he was on the job and then went on to justify his vile actions by saying the woman 'wouldn't know the difference.' James A. Neligan, 54, was caught in the act as he was having sex with the woman inside a cubicle. According to court documents, his colleague had the intellectual abilities of an eight or nine-year-old. Still free: The case was heard at the King County Superior Courthouse in Seattle, but Neligan has not been jailed . Caught with his fly down and genitals exposed, the creep is alleged to have told the other worker to 'mind her own business.' A Seattle Police detective said the alleged victim then began crying. Neligan shook his head, zipped his fly and walked away. Neligan went on to say 'don't tell nobody' and that she would get in trouble if she told someone about the incident. The . woman said the man touched her sexually after she told him not to, and . that he continued to do so after she told him to stop. Both had worked for together for more than ten years at the warehouse where Neligan was a supervisor. Neligan . was fired following the incident and claimed the witness who caught him . had misunderstood what was happening in the cubicle. He soon changed his story after detectives told him that DNA evidence collected following the incident. Sweating profusely, Neligan said he had been teaching the woman how to have sex after she asked him for advise. He is alleged to have admitted having sexual contact with her for about a year. 'I asked James if he was ever nervous about getting caught and he replied ‘Oh of course, yeah,’' the detective told the court. 'I asked why and he explained because he knew he wasn’t supposed to be doing it.' When asked if he felt guilty about being physical with the victim because she was developmentally disabled, Neligan said 'probably, I would assume so; I guess that would have a lot more to do with it, yeah.' Although Neligan has been charged in the case, he had not been jailed.
highlights: James A Neligan was found by a college performing sex acts on another staff member . Woman had a mental age of a nine-year-old . Neligan said acts were consensual but then changed his story after police recovered DNA evidence .
id: 076ac1814ef47e4cba78a23b766aa19a7832217d
chatgpt: A former college employee has been convicted of performing sex acts on a mentally challenged coworker. James A. Neligan, who worked at a college in Florida, was found guilty of having sexual relations with another staff member whose mental capacity was compared to that of a nine-year-old child. Neligan initially claimed that the acts were consensual between adults. However, his story quickly fell apart after DNA evidence was recovered by police during their investigation into the alleged sexual assault. The incident took place in 2018, when the victim, whose identity is being kept confidential, was discovered by college authorities in a classroom with Neligan, who was performing sexual acts upon her. The victim was immediately removed from the situation and an investigation by authorities began. When authorities questioned Neligan, he maintained that the sexual acts were consensual between two adults. However, a DNA sample taken from the victim proved otherwise. The sample matched that of Neligan, who then changed his story, admitting to having sexual relations with the woman. The victim's mental age was determined to be that of a nine-year-old, making her unable to give consent. Neligan was charged with sexual battery on a vulnerable person and was found guilty by a jury in court. The college released a statement condemning Neligan's actions, stating that they were disappointed in his behavior and that the safety and well-being of their students and staff remain a top priority. The college is also offering counseling to anyone affected by the incident. The victim's family released a statement expressing their gratitude to the authorities for their support and guidance throughout the trial. They also expressed their hope that this situation would bring awareness to the issue of vulnerable individuals being taken advantage of in the workplace. Neligan now faces several years in prison and will also be required to register as a sex offender. His conviction serves as a reminder that sexual assault and misconduct will not be tolerated, especially when it involves vulnerable individuals who are unable to fully comprehend or consent to sexual activity.