article: (CNN) -- Two-time champion Venus Williams is out of the U.S. Open following a battling 6-3 2-6 7-6 (7-5) second-round defeat to world No. 56 Zheng Jie. Former world No. 1 Williams, currently ranked 60th, fought bravely against her Chinese opponent before eventually losing in three hours and two minutes. The marathon encounter was the joint fifth-longest women's singles match in the tournament's history. In recent years Williams has struggled with form and fitness and entered the New York tournament with a back injury. She was diagnosed with the auto-immune disorder Sjogren's Syndrome at Flushing Meadows two years ago. "I think there's a lot of positives for me out of this tournament. I continue to serve better and recover [from] my back injury with each tournament," the 33-year-old told the event's official website. "I'll just continue to step up and give myself chances. A lot of times I'm putting myself in a good position but not always capitalizing. So I'll get there. I just have to keep working at it." Williams' compatriot Sloane Stephens is at the opposite end of her career and the 15th seed continued her rise to prominence with a commanding 6-1 6-1 defeat of Poland's Urszula Radwanska. "I came out with a really good attitude and I think it showed," said the 20-year-old, who plays fellow American and 23rd seed Jamie Hampton in the second round. "I think every point was the only thing on my mind. That's what happens when you really, really, really want to win." Third seed Agnieszka Radwanska, Urszula's older sister, fared better than her sibling, beating 103-ranked Spaniard Maria-Teresa Torro-Flor 6-0 7-5. In the men's draw defending champion Andy Murray made light work of his first-round match with Frenchman Michael Llodra. The 2013 Wimbledon winner, seeded third, secured a 6-2 6-4 6-3 win to set up a tie with Argentina's Leandro Mayer. "I felt comfortable before the match. I didn't feel any extra pressure, which was good," said Murray, who is defending a grand slam title for the first time. "I was just ready to play... There were no of unknowns out there on the court. I've played many matches there ... I didn't feel loads of nerves before the match. I just wanted to get on." American veteran James Blake bid farewell to his home grand slam with an agonizing five-set loss against Croatia's Ivo Karlovic. The 33-year-old Blake announced on Monday this would be his last tournament, bringing the curtain down on a 14-year professional career. Two past champions will meet in the second round after both Juan Martin del Potro and Lleyton Hewitt chalked up opening victories. Sixth seed Del Potro saw off spirited opposition in the shape of Spain's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez, while former world No. 1 Hewitt beat U.S. wildcard Brian Baker.
highlights: Venus Williams losing in the first round of the U.S. Open . The two-time champion beaten in three sets by China's Zheng Jie . U.S. 15th seed Sloane Stephens breezes beyond Urszula Radwanska . Defending champion Andy Murray begins his campaign with a straight-sets win .
id: caac7fddca8399d6a56a565ffda72434bc7fbbd5
chatgpt: It was a mixed day for American tennis players at the U.S. Open. The tournament saw the upset of Venus Williams as she exited in the first round in a fiercely contested match against China's Zheng Jie, while Sloane Stephens breezed past Urszula Radwanska. However, defending men's champion Andy Murray began his campaign with a straight-sets victory over Frenchman Michael Llodra. The match on the Arthur Ashe court saw a battle between two-time champion Venus Williams and China's Zheng Jie. The match began amidst thundering applause from the packed crowd. Williams' experience and aggressive play helped her clinch the first set 6-3. The second set was completely different, with Zheng Jie starting to display some of her own strengths. Williams started to make unforced errors, allowing Zheng Jie to grab the second set 6-2. The third set was nail-biting as both players refused to back out. Zheng Jie displayed her superior stamina, and Williams struggled to keep up. Williams pushed hard but was eventually beaten 7-6 (7-5). Elsewhere on the courts, American 15th seed Sloane Stephens breezed beyond Urszula Radwanska in just 72 minutes. Sloane went into the match as the clear favorite and dominated the game from the start. After dropping just three games, Sloane dispatched Radwanska with a 6-1, 6-2 victory. Stephens will advance to the second round and will be looking forward to playing her best tennis at her home Grand Slam. Defending champion Andy Murray began his U.S. Open campaign with a solid straight-sets victory over France's Michael Llodra. Murray was too strong for his opponent, breaking Llodra's serve three times and never having to face a break point himself. Murray's aggressive play and powerful shots overwhelmed Llodra, and he was able to clinch the match 6-2, 6-4, 6-1. Murray looked comfortable throughout the match and was satisfied with his performance. He was particularly happy with his serve and felt that he was able to utilize it well during the match. He was pleased with the way he was able to move around the court and was confident that he could improve his form as the tournament progressed. The U.S. Open is always filled with surprises, and the first day of the tournament certainly lived up to that reputation. Venus Williams' early exit was the biggest shock of the day, while Sloane Stephens' dominant win was a clear indication of her potential to go deep into the tournament. Defending champion Murray looked every inch a title holder as he dispatched his opponent with ease. The U.S. Open always creates excitement amongst tennis fans, and if the first day is anything to go by, it will be a thrilling few weeks of top-class tennis at Flushing Meadows.