article: Manchester United will again be without new defender Marcos Rojo on Saturday after a delay in the Argentinian getting a work permit. By contrast, new £60m signing Angel di Maria is set to make his debut against Burnley  after Louis van Gaal revealed: 'I think he is ready to play.' A discrepancy with Rojo's passport means he has has to visit the Argentine embassy in Madrid before he gets clearance to play. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Marcos Rojo shooting from range for former club Sporting . Frustration: Louis van Gaal admits that Manchester United are struggling to get a work permit for Marcos Rojo . Magnificent seven: Angel di Maria will make his Manchester United debut at Burnley after his £60m move . This in turn means United will have to visit Burnley without the £16million new signing, even though he signed for the club more than a week ago. On Friday afternoon manager Louis van Gaal said: 'It's only a matter of time. I'm manager of the biggest club in the world, but I can't change the law in Argentina! 'We have to obey the law.' Despite the fact United only have one point from two games and have crashed out of the Capital One Cup to MK Dons, Van Gaal thinks he will be successful at his new club. 'I never doubt myself,' he said. 'I'm sure I will have success here. 'But I need time. We are building up a new team.' Red tape: Argentina defender Rojo (left) with Van Gaal after signing for United over a week ago . Rare sighting: Rojo in training with Chris Smalling . Van Gaal takes his team to Turf Moor for Saturday's 12.45pm kick-off still looking for his first competitive win as United manager. Burnley's form this season is just as bad as United's, following Premier League defeats by Chelsea and Swansea plus a cup exit against Sheffield Wednesday in midweek. But the Dutchman does not expect an easy ride against the Clarets, who were promoted from the Championship last season. Burnley pulled off a huge shock the last time they hosted United in the Premier League, beating Sir Alex Ferguson's United 1-0 in a dramatic Lancashire derby in 2009. 'It will be a fantastic atmosphere,' said Van Gaal. 'They'll play with a lot of passion and long balls. We have to fight against that. 'It shall be a very difficult game but we have to show we can play football.' Van Gaal also backed Wayne Rooney to be a success as England captain following his appointment by Roy Hogson this week as successor to Steven Gerrard. Rooney was also handed the armband by Van Gaal after his appointment in the summer. 'He'll cope with the responsibility,' said Van Gaal. 'I wouldn't have made him Manchester United captain otherwise.'
highlights: Manchester United visit Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday . Louis van Gaal has endured nightmare start as United boss . Angel di Maria is ready to make his debut at Turf Moor . But fellow new signing Marcos Rojo will miss Burnley trip as he has not been granted a work permit yet . Van Gaal blames Argentinian law for Rojo's absence .
id: 3bc5b2e0534e873c87795897d602a74b99c8cf13
chatgpt: Manchester United fans will be hoping for their first three points of the season as they head to Turf Moor to face Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday. However, Louis van Gaal has had a nightmare start as United boss and will be without one of their new signings, Marcos Rojo, who has not been granted a work permit yet. Van Gaal has expressed his frustrations regarding Rojo's absence, blaming Argentinian law for the delay. He will, however, be able to count on another new signing, Angel di Maria, who is ready to make his debut in the Premier League. Di Maria arrived at Old Trafford for a record-breaking fee of £59.7 million but found himself unavailable for the club's first game of the season against Swansea City due to visa problems. However, after obtaining his work permit, he was in the starting line-up for the game against Sunderland. Van Gaal has expressed his delight with the Argentine, stating that, "Angel is a fantastic player, and I am confident that he will be a success at Manchester United." Despite being unable to score in his debut, Di Maria's performance was impressive, impressing fans and critics alike with his vision, creativity, and work rate. However, United's problems at the back still continue. The Manchester club has failed to secure a clean sheet in either of their opening two games, conceding a total of five goals in those matches. While Van Gaal's attack has been potent, the defense has been careless and appears to be a cause for concern. The absence of Rojo is not helping matters, with the Manchester United manager stating that "it's frustrating that he can't play". The new signing, who arrived from Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon, is a versatile defender who can play across the back line and is a part of the Argentine national squad that reached the World Cup final in Brazil in July. Rojo isn't the only absentee for United, with midfielder Ander Herrera and fellow defender Jonny Evans also unavailable due to injury. United's injury list is well-documented, with many key players including Michael Carrick, Robin van Persie, and Luke Shaw still recovering from injuries. Despite their troubles, United will be looking to get their first win of the season after drawing their opening two matches. Burnley, on the other hand, are yet to get a point and will be looking to kick-start their campaign with a win over the Red Devils at Turf Moor. The first meeting of the two clubs in the Premier League since the 2009-10 season promises to be an exciting one, with both teams looking to secure their first win of the campaign. Manchester United fans will be hoping that their new signing, Angel Di Maria, can inspire his team to a victory, while Burnley will be hoping to take advantage of United's injury problems and secure their first points of the season. As the two teams get ready for the match, fans are eagerly waiting to see how the game will unfold. With both teams desperate for a win, it promises to be a highly contested affair at Turf Moor on Saturday.