article: (CNN) -- At least six people were killed in bombings across the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, on Thursday, police said. Four car bombs and two roadside devices exploded in five different areas around the city. Almost all of the neighborhoods were largely Shiite. At least 21 other people were wounded, police said. The blasts came one day after deadly attacks across the country that killed 47 people and wounded more than 120 others. Political and sectarian violence has raged in the past year. There has been constant tension between Sunnis and Shiites. Many Sunnis in Iraq have felt marginalized by the largely Shiite government. The Shiites have emerged politically in the country since Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003. It isn't yet known who is responsible for the Thursday violence. Anbar, other regions hit badly . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008, with almost 8,000 people killed, most of them civilians. The figures remained grim in January. According to the U.N. mission in Iraq, more than 600 civilians and more than 100 members of the country's security forces have been killed. The U.N. tally does not include those killed in a fresh wave of violence in Iraq's Anbar province, west of Baghdad, where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraqi security forces have been fighting since the end of last year. U.N.officials estimate that as many as 45,000 families have been displaced in Anbar. "The U.N. continues to provide aid to those affected by the fighting in Anbar, despite the challenges posed by the deteriorating security environment and ongoing operations in the province," said Nickolay Mladenov, U.N. point man in Iraq. The ongoing violence in the Sunni provinces of Anbar, Salaheddin and Nineveh has raised concerns among some observers that parliamentary elections scheduled for April 30 will be delayed. "The U.N. continues to hold discussions with senior political figures in an attempt to assist in paving the ground for a political solution to the crisis, calling on all to show national unity and address the root causes of violence in Iraq," Mladenov said. Human Rights Watch, the human rights watchdog group, issued a report Thursday on the detention of thousands of Iraqi women subject to torture and "ill-treatment, including the threat of sexual abuse." The group cited the country's "weak judiciary" and substandard trial proceedings as causes of the problem.
highlights: Shiite neighborhoods affected by violence . More than 20 hurt in the bombings . The latest round of violence comes amid longstanding instability .
id: 9460d2b65d26102368548a7cdeeffbcee6612261
chatgpt: Several Shiite neighborhoods in Iraq have been rocked by a series of bombings that have left over 20 people injured. The latest round of violence comes amid a long-standing period of instability in the region. This is yet another blow to a country that has already been grappling with increasing violence and political turmoil. The attacks targeted mostly residential areas in and around the city of Baghdad, with the largest concentration of bombings occurring in the predominantly Shiite neighborhood of Sadr City. The perpetrators, who are yet to be identified, used improvised explosive devices (IEDs) to carry out the attacks. While no group has claimed responsibility for the attacks, authorities suggest that they were likely carried out by Sunni extremist groups, who have been waging an insurgency against the Shiite-dominated government for years. The bombings have raised fresh fears of sectarian violence in a country that has already been ravaged by it. Both Sunnis and Shiites have been victims of a series of attacks in recent months, with each group blaming the other for the violence. Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, a Shiite, has been accused of failing to address the mounting sectarian tensions, and there are growing concerns that if the violence continues, it may trigger a full-blown civil war. While the government has been making efforts to quell the violence by, for example, stepping up security measures and launching a crackdown on extremist groups, these measures have so far proved ineffective. In fact, many Iraqis have expressed frustration with the government's inability to curb the violence, and their lack of confidence in its ability to protect them. Many believe that the root cause of the violence lies in the deep sectarian divides that have long plagued Iraqi society, and some suggest that only a political solution can ultimately bring an end to the violence. However, with both Shiite and Sunni extremists taking a hardline stance on the issue, such a solution seems increasingly remote. In the meantime, many Iraqis are living in fear, not knowing when or where the next attack will occur. The bombings have further destabilized an already fragile situation, and it remains to be seen what the long-term consequences of this latest wave of violence will be.