article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 00:59 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:48 EST, 7 October 2013 . New rules: Under planned legislation, doctors will have to check . that foreign patients are entitled to be in the UK before they are . allowed NHS treatment . Rigid restrictions on free access to health care for immigrants through the NHS are set to be introduced by the Government. Before they are allowed to see a GP or be admitted to a hospital ward, foreign patients will have to prove that they are legally entitled to be in the UK. Students from overseas will also have to pay a 'contribution' to the NHS, according to the Telegraph. A Government source told the newspaper that the restrictions are to be put in place in a bid to crack down on 'people who have no right to be here'. Under the rules, time-limited 'NHS numbers' will be issued to those who are not permanently entitled to stay in the UK, with doctors required to ask patients to prove they are in the UK legally before they can register as a patient. Students from countries outside of Europe will have to pay a £200 fee before they can be treated on the NHS. Hospital bosses will also be told that they must improve steps taken to recover the cost of treatments received by so-called 'health tourists' from abroad. The measures will be proposed in the Immigration Bill, which is due to be presented to Parliament within days. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt told the Telegraph: 'We need to ensure that those residing or visiting the UK are contributing to the system, and that we do as much as possible to target illegal migration. 'We have a National Health Service not an international health service and I am determined to wipe out abuse in the system.' The legislation spans six Government departments, making it one of the most ambitious pieces of legislation to be drafted by the current Government. The bill will also see local authorities banned from giving social hosuing to those with no connection to the area, and hefty fines for landlords who do not carry out proper checks on potential tenants and empoyers who take on illegal workers. Crackdown: The Conservatives hope that the new legislation will redress some of Labour's migration rules and win voters back from UKIP . Foreign criminals will also be allowed to be deported immediately and not afforded a delay by the Human Rights Act - appeals will be heard abroad unless criminals can prove they are in danger of 'serious and irreversible harm' in their own country. The Conservatives hope that the legislation will not only go some way to redressing Labour's migration policy but also see off the challenge posed by UKIP. The Government is also expected to tighten rules regarding unemployement benefits in a separate move.
highlights: Foreign patients will have to prove they are legally in the UK before they can be treated . Students from outside Europe will have to make a contribution to the NHS . More efforts will be made to recover cost of treatment from 'health tourists'
id: 2a601f5459d8ecf14db96c254185b3324f7863a6
chatgpt: Foreign patients seeking medical treatment in the United Kingdom will now have to provide proof of their legal status in the country before receiving care. This announcement was made by the government in a bid to reduce the cost of treating ineligible patients, known as 'health tourists.' Under the new rules, foreign patients will be required to show that they are legally entitled to reside in the UK and are not just visiting for medical reasons. This will require them to produce documentation such as a visa or residency permit, which will be checked by hospital staff before any treatment is provided. In addition, students from outside the European Union (EU) will now be required to contribute to the costs of their NHS treatment. This will bring their requirements for healthcare in line with those of EU students, who currently pay a similar contribution. The announcement comes in response to growing concerns about the cost of treating 'health tourists' who visit the UK purely to take advantage of its free healthcare system. It is estimated that this costs the NHS around £2 billion a year, with most of this money going towards treating patients who are ineligible for free treatment. To tackle this issue, the government also plans to improve its ability to recover the cost of treatment from foreign patients who are not entitled to receive free care. This will involve closer cooperation with overseas governments and better record-keeping by hospitals to ensure that all patients are charged appropriately. Health Secretary, Matt Hancock, said: "The NHS is always there in an emergency, but it's not a free-for-all. We expect overseas visitors to make a fair contribution towards their healthcare costs." The government has also pledged to create a dedicated team to help hospitals identify and recover costs from ineligible patients. This team will be made up of immigration and health experts who will work together to ensure that the NHS is not being taken advantage of by those who are not entitled to its services. There has been mixed reaction to the government's announcement, with some arguing that it could deter people from seeking medical treatment when they need it. However, others believe that it is a fair measure which will help to address the growing issue of healthcare tourism. Overall, it is clear that the government is taking steps to ensure that the NHS is used appropriately and that those who are not entitled to free healthcare in the UK are made to pay for their treatment. With the creation of a dedicated team to recover costs, it is hoped that the burden on the NHS will be reduced, allowing it to continue to provide high-quality care to those who need it most.