article: (CNN) -- U.S. military commanders would no longer be permitted to overrule a court-martial judgment in sexual assault cases under reforms approved by the Senate late Thursday. That and other steps to combat sexual assault in the armed forces were included in legislation outlining military priorities for the fiscal year ending September 30. President Barack Obama said he was giving the military one year to implement reforms in preventing sexual assaults, saying the armed forces need to "step up their game" in dealing with the issue. "If I do not see the kind of progress I expect, then we will consider additional reforms that may be required to eliminate this crime from our military ranks and protect our brave service members who stand guard for us every day at home and around the world," the President said in a statement issued Friday. The National Defense Authorization Act passed on a 84-15 vote. It now goes to the White House for the President's signature. The sweeping measure that reconciles a similar bill passed by the House last week also includes a compromise to ease limits on transferring terror suspects held at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility to other countries. Obama wants to close Guantanamo, which began housing detainees after the 9/11 attacks. It has been a lightning rod for criticism from civil libertarians and others and the site of high-profile hunger strikes by inmates protesting their treatment. Veteran confronts rape, suicide . The legislation would continue to prohibit transfers to the United States. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel noted the new flexibility for detainee transfers overseas and said the Pentagon anticipates that it would "continue this effort" and "I think we're making good progress toward that objective." The Pentagon has recently revived transfers from the facility, including two announced on Thursday to Sudan. Guantanamo now houses 158 detainees. Another centerpiece of the bill enacts reforms and policy changes aimed at combating sexual assault in the military. A Pentagon report earlier this year revealed a troubling increase in the number of military sexual assault cases. The number of service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30% over the past two years, according to the report released in May. The Senate bill included more than 30 provisions or changes to military law, including one that would take away the long-held authority of commanders to dismiss a finding by a court-martial. It also establishes minimum sentencing guidelines, requires that sexual offenses be included in military personnel records and eliminates the yearlong statute of limitations on rape and sexual assault. Congress did not adopt a proposal pushed by Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-New York, to remove sexual assault prosecution from the chain of command.
highlights: NEW: Obama tells military to "step up their game" or he'll consider other measures . Changes to military law included in sweeping defense bill headed to President's desk . Congress acted after report showed increase in military sexual assault complaints . Defense bill also includes compromise to let Pentagon transfer Guantanamo detainees .
id: ac59fb63aab9fc8d1b2eb71ccdceb39b70c43eb3
chatgpt: President Barack Obama has called on the military to "step up their game" in light of recent reports showing an increase in military sexual assault complaints. In a speech delivered on Monday, Obama warned that if the military did not take action to curb these incidents, he would consider other measures. The president's comments come amid sweeping changes to military law that are included in a defense bill headed to his desk. The bill, which was passed by Congress last week, includes provisions aimed at reducing the number of sexual assault incidents in the military. As part of the changes, the Department of Defense will now have to establish a centralized system for reporting sexual assaults. The bill also mandates that all military installations have a designated office responsible for handling sexual assault complaints. In addition, the defense bill includes a provision that would allow the Pentagon to transfer Guantanamo Bay detainees to other countries. The provision has been a point of contention between lawmakers for years, with some arguing that it is necessary for national security reasons, while others say it violates human rights. The compromise reached in the defense bill allows detainees to be transferred to other countries, but only if the Pentagon can certify that the transferred individual will not pose a threat to national security. The bill also requires that the receiving country takes steps to ensure the detainee is not mistreated. The defense bill marks a significant step forward in the fight against sexual assault in the military, with advocates hailing the changes as a major victory. However, some have criticized the bill, arguing that it does not go far enough to protect victims of sexual assault. In his speech, Obama acknowledged that there was still work to be done, but urged the military to take the issue seriously. "We have a responsibility to our men and women in uniform to provide them with the support and protections they need to do their jobs," he said. "If we don't take this issue seriously, we are not only failing our service members, but we are failing our country." The defense bill now heads to President Obama's desk for his signature. With the provisions aimed at reducing sexual assault incidents in the military, as well as the compromise on Guantanamo transfers, it is expected that the president will sign the bill into law.