article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 04:22 EST, 18 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:17 EST, 18 March 2013 . He spends his days immersed in the works of Verdi and Puccini as musical director at the renowned Royal Opera House. But world-class conductor Sir Antonio Pappano has revealed a penchant for rock and roll, after claiming children today don't know enough about the Rolling Stones or the Beatles. The 53-year-old - who also described R'n'B megastar Beyonce as 'amazing' - said young people should be taught about the history of rock and roll, adding that any kind of exposure to the arts was 'a good thing'. Philistines: Sir Antonio Pappano, one of the world's leading conductors, has said children today should be taught about the Beatles and the Rolling Stones . 'Kids now don't know about the Beatles, . the Rolling Stones, The Who and Chuck Berry; they don't know about the . history of rock 'n' roll,' said the conductor, The Daily Telegraph reported. 'You need to be exposed to history; your brain . will expand at the same time.' The musical director's comments came just days after he voiced his frustration at what he claimed was modern day opera singers' tendency to pull out of productions too easily. The conductor branded them 'weaker in body' than stars of the past. Sir Antonio said that while some instances were down to illness, others were due simply to a lack of commitment on the part of singers. In his latest interview with the Sunday Times the conductor said he believed Britain has become a country of philistines, and that opera was viewed solely as the reserve of the 'toff'. History: British children should learn about their musical heritage; from the Beatles to the Who, the leading conductor has said . 'Toffs': Sir Antonio, who has been a musical director at the Opera House for ten years, said opera should not be regarded as solely for 'toffs' He compared his experiences in Italy - . where prime minister Mario Monti took him for dinner after he conducted . the Orchestra dell-Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome - to . working in Britain, where he claims ministers prefer not to be seen at . the opera because it might imply a privileged background. The Royal Opera House should be a . 'crown jewel' in British culture, but instead there is a 'stigma' attached to the building,' he said. '... it should be okay for important . and busy people to come and experience something that might emotionally . and intellectually enrich them,' he said, adding that to suggest . otherwise was 'childish'.
highlights: Sir Antonio Pappano called for children to be taught history of rock and roll . The 53-year-old said any exposure to the arts was a 'good thing' Young people don't know about the Rolling Stones or Chuck Berry, he said .
id: 8b98e4c9ac2549b65a19f92cdf1f62b126232157
chatgpt: Renowned conductor Sir Antonio Pappano believes that children should be taught the history of rock and roll. In a recent interview, the 53-year-old maestro stated that any exposure to the arts is a good thing, and young people could benefit from learning about the pioneers of the rock and roll genre, like the Rolling Stones and Chuck Berry. Sir Pappano's comments come at a time when many educators are shifting emphasis away from the humanities and towards STEM subjects (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics). While Sir Pappano acknowledges the importance of STEM, he argues that the arts are equally significant, especially for young minds. He says that studying music, literature, and history can help us make sense of the world around us and give us the tools to express ourselves creatively. However, the conductor also expressed concern that many young people today don't know enough about the history of music. He cited the popularity of streaming platforms like Spotify and Apple Music, which tend to promote new releases and contemporary artists, at the expense of older songs and genres. "I worry that young people are missing out on the rich history of music," Sir Pappano said. "They might know who Beyonce or Drake is, but they don't know about Chuck Berry or Little Richard. They don't know about the origins of rock and roll, and that's a shame." Sir Pappano's comments have been met with support from many music educators, who believe that teaching the history of music is vital. Dr. Laura Jones of the Music Educators National Conference has written extensively on this topic, arguing that understanding the roots of music can help students appreciate current trends and styles. "Music is a continuum," Dr. Jones said. "To understand where we are now, we need to understand where we came from. Learning about the history of music can help our students become more informed listeners and better musicians." Sir Pappano believes that incorporating rock and roll into the music curriculum could be an effective way to engage young people. He suggests that teachers could use songs like "Johnny B. Goode" and "Satisfaction" to introduce students to the pioneers of rock and roll. "Rock and roll is such an exciting and influential genre," Sir Pappano said. "It has shaped the course of popular music for generations. I think young people would find it fascinating to learn more about its history." As the debate over the future of education continues, Sir Pappano's call for more emphasis on the arts and music may prove to be a refreshing perspective. It remains to be seen whether educators will take his advice on board and incorporate the history of rock and roll into their curriculums. However, his comments are a timely reminder that the arts play a crucial role in shaping the minds of young people.