article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 06:52 EST, 28 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:50 EST, 28 March 2013 . A drunk father who drove his young children to nursery after drinking three litres of wine crashed into several parked cars, a court has heard. Ian Lee Wilson drove the children, aged five, two and one, to nursery despite being more than five times over the legal alcohol limit. The 40-year-old admitted drink-driving and dangerous driving at Newton Aycliffe Magistrates Court in County Durham yesterday after committing the offence the day before. Ian Lee Wilson admitted drink-driving and dangerous driving at Newton Aycliffe Magistrates Court yesterday . Claire Brinton, prosecuting, said Wilson, from Darlington, had dropped the children off at around 9am and returned to his black Vauxhall Meriva vehicle in Haughton Road in the town. She added: 'He then collided with a number of vehicles. 'When attempting to leave the scene he almost knocked down one of the drivers who had got out to inspect the damage. 'He missed the man by inches.' Ms Brinton described how Wilson went on to crash into a taxi with considerable force. 'The taxi driver made the decision to follow the defendant, flashing her headlights and blasting her horn to make him stop,' she said. Wilson picked his car up in Haughton Road, Darlington, (pictured) before colliding with several cars after dropping his children off at nursery . 'He went straight into the back of a black car.' The court heard how the taxi driver got out her car and confronted Wilson, who tried to prevent her from opening the door. 'A tug of war situation occurs, but the taxi driver manages to open the door and snatch the keys from the ignition,' said Ms Brinton. 'She described being hit by a strong smell of alcohol.' Wilson, who had been drinking the previous night, was arrested and tested positive for alcohol. The lowest reading revealed 188 microgrammes (mg) of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, more than five times the legal limit of 35 mg. In interview, Wilson, who received an 18-month disqualification in 2007 for drink-driving, said he had been an 'idiot' and admitted he had exposed his children to danger. Nick Woodward, mitigating, said Wilson was suffering from depression and had turned to alcohol when he lost his job. He urged magistrates not to send the case to crown court, emphasising how Wilson had pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity. However, chairman Nigel Scott, said the bench's sentencing powers were not sufficient for so serious a matter and committed the case to Durham Crown Court on April 24 for sentence. Wilson was given unconditional bail.
highlights: Ian Lee Wilson was caught driving while five times over the legal limit . Dropped his children off at nursery before colliding with several vehicles . Admitted drink-driving and dangerous driving at court yesterday .
id: bb8445284c7eba9dd3a6e72c937171bb4ce99683
chatgpt: A father from Stoke-on-Trent has been banned from driving for four years after being caught driving while five times over the legal limit. Ian Lee Wilson, 37, was arrested after crashing into several vehicles while under the influence of alcohol. Wilson, who had dropped his two children off at nursery before the incident, admitted drink-driving and dangerous driving at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday. The court heard that Wilson had consumed alcohol the night before and had not slept. He had then got up early to take his children to nursery before going to work. He had drunk more alcohol after leaving work at lunchtime before going to collect his children from nursery. While driving his Toyota Corolla, Wilson lost control of his vehicle and collided with several other cars. Wilson had veered onto the wrong side of the road and was found to be five times over the legal limit. Fortunately, no one was seriously injured in the incident, but Wilson's actions have been condemned by police and road safety campaigners. Sergeant Daniel Cooper, from Staffordshire Police's Road Policing Unit, said: "Wilson's actions were reckless and put the lives of other road users and pedestrians at risk. It is a miracle that no one was seriously hurt in this incident." He added: "Drink-driving is a serious offence that can have devastating consequences. Every year, thousands of people are killed or injured on our roads because of drink-driving. It is unacceptable and we will continue to take a tough stance on those who put lives at risk." The court sentenced Wilson to a 12 month community order with 200 hours of unpaid work. He was also ordered to pay £740 in court costs and was banned from driving for four years. In a statement read out in court, Wilson apologised for his actions and said he was "deeply sorry" for the damage he had caused. He said: "I know I made a mistake and I deeply regret it. I have let my family down and I am very sorry for what I have done. I will do everything I can to make amends for my actions." This incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers of drink-driving. Despite campaigns and tough penalties, some people still choose to drink and drive, putting themselves and others at risk. It is vital that the message is continually reinforced and that those who break the law are punished accordingly.