article: Arsenal secretary David Miles insists his side will not take Monaco lightly as the French outfit have 'earned the right' to be in the last 16 of the Champions League. The Gunners avoided tough ties against the likes of Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid when they were drawn against Monaco on Monday. However Miles believes Arsenal will be no pushovers when they face Arsene Wenger's former side in the next round of the prestigious competition. VIDEO Scroll down to see Sportsmail's Arsenal and Monaco group stage head to head . Arsenal will take on Ligue 1 side Monaco in the last 16 of the Champions League - the French side beat the Gunners 1-0 during the Emirates Cup in August . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will come up against his former club Monaco in the round of 16 . A screen in the hall at UEFA headquarters in Nyon shows the results of the last 16 draw . Miles, speaking to Sky Sports, said: 'As the draw progressed it was evident a lot of the big teams have gone. 'We are delighted to be here when you consider its 17 consecutive years in the Champions League it’s a fantastic achievement for Arsene Wenger and the players. We are very much looking forward to the game and being at the top table of European football . 'We have picked some of the biggest teams in Europe over the last five years. We aren’t taking anything for granted, Monaco have earned the right to be here. The Champions League trophy on display at the last 16 draw in Nyon, Switzerland on Monday . Arsenal club secretary David Miles (left) has stressed his side will face a tough test against Monaco . 'All the fans have high expectations as you rightly say it will be great to at least get through this round of 16 and press on and kick on from there. 'Overall we’re taking nothing for granted but we are pleased with the draw.' Monaco are currently sixth in Ligue 1 having won just eight of their 18 league games. Leonardo Jardim's side finished above Bayer Leverkusen, Zenit St Petersburg and Benfica to top Group C, while Arsenal were pipped to first spot  by Group D opponents Borussia Dortmund. Paris Saint-Germain vs Chelsea . Manchester City vs Barcelona . Bayer Leverkusen vs Atletico Madrid . Juventus vs Borussia Dortmund . Schalke 04 vs Real Madrid . Shakhtar Donetsk vs Bayern Munich . Arsenal vs Monaco . Basle vs Porto . First legs to be played on February 17/18 and 24/25. Second legs on March 10/11 and 17/18.
highlights: Arsenal will face Monaco in the last 16 of the Champions League . The Gunners avoided the likes of Bayern Munich and Real Madrid . Arsene Wenger will face the side he managed from 1987 to 1994 . Click here for an overview of the Champions League draw .
id: bd6acda3c80366a1c70251778ea63c03325bdb5b
chatgpt: Arsenal fans all over the world have been eagerly awaiting the news of their team’s last-16 opponents in the Champions League, and today, they finally received it. The Gunners will face Monaco in a match that is sure to capture the attention of football fans all over the world. Arsene Wenger's side managed to avoid the likes of Bayern Munich and Real Madrid in the draw, which gives them a reason to feel optimistic about their chances of progressing further in the competition. Wenger will also face his former team, the side he managed from 1987 to 1994, providing an interesting storyline for the fixture. Monaco finished top of their group, ahead of Bayer Leverkusen, Zenit St Petersburg and Benfica, proving that they are a difficult side to beat in Europe. Arsenal, on the other hand, had a slightly more difficult path to the knockout stages, finishing second behind Borussia Dortmund in their group. The draw provides Arsenal with a good opportunity to make it through to the quarter-finals of the competition, but they will need to be at their very best to overcome a strong Monaco side. The two teams have never faced each other in a competitive match before, which adds an extra element of excitement to the fixture. Arsenal will be keen to continue their good form in the competition so far. They have only lost one match in the Champions League this season, and that was against Borussia Dortmund, who finished top of their group. Wenger will be hoping that his team can build on their recent performances and go all the way in the competition. Monaco are also an impressive side, finishing second in the French league last season, just behind Paris Saint-Germain. They have been performing well in Europe this season, and will be looking to cause an upset by knocking out Arsenal in the last-16 stage. The first leg of the fixture will be played at the Emirates Stadium on February 25, with the second leg taking place on March 17. This will give Arsenal home advantage for the first leg, which could prove to be vital in their quest to progress to the quarter-finals. Overall, the Champions League last-16 draw has been kind to Arsenal. They have avoided some of the biggest teams in Europe, and will now face Monaco, a team that they will feel confident of beating. However, they will need to be at their very best if they are to progress to the next round. With Wenger facing his former team, and a place in the quarter-finals up for grabs, this is sure to be an exciting fixture that will captivate football fans all over the world.