article: Editor's note: Jack Cafferty is the author of a new book, "Now or Never: Getting Down to the Business of Saving Our American Dream." He provides commentary on CNN's "The Situation Room" daily from 4 to 7 p.m. ET. You can also visit Jack's Cafferty File blog. CNN's Jack Cafferty says "the pain won't go away" until Bush administration's misdeeds are addressed. (CNN) -- It doesn't go away by itself. Watergate "went away" when Richard Nixon resigned the presidency in disgrace and left town never to be heard from in an official capacity again. The Bush presidency is thankfully over...but the damage he and Dick Cheney did continues to press on the nerve of the American people like an impacted wisdom tooth. And until the questions surrounding arguably the most arrogant and perhaps most corrupt administration in our history are addressed, the pain won't go away. From Nancy ("Impeachment is off the table") Pelosi to President Barack ("I want to look forward, not backward") Obama, the country is being poorly served by their Democratic government. And on this subject President Obama is dead wrong. George W. Bush and his accomplices damaged this country like it's never been damaged before. And it's not just the phony war in Iraq or the torture memos that justified waterboarding. It's millions of missing emails and the constant use of executive privilege and signing statements. It's the secretive meetings with Enron and other energy executives and the wholesale firing of federal prosecutors. It's trying to get the president's personal attorney seated on the Supreme Court and that despicable Alberto Gonzales sitting in front of congressional investigators whining, "I don't remember, I don't know, I...etc." It's the domestic eavesdropping in violation of the FISA Court, the rendition prisons, and the lying. It's looking the other way while the City of New Orleans drowned and its people were left to fend for themselves. It's the violations of the Geneva Conventions, the soiling of our international reputation and the shredding of the U.S. Constitution. It's the handing over of $700 billion to the Wall Street fat cats last fall, no questions asked. Where is that money? What was it used for? It's the no-bid contracts to firms like Halliburton and Blackwater and the shoddy construction and lack of oversight of reconstruction in Iraq that cost American taxpayers untold billions. If the Republicans were serious about restoring their reputation, they would join the call for a special prosecutor to be appointed so that at long last justice can be done. It's too late for George W. Bush to resign the presidency. But it's not too late to put the people responsible for this national disgrace in prison. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Cafferty.
highlights: Jack Cafferty: Bush administration left behind a trail of misdeeds . Cafferty: Obama is wrong to say he only wants to look forward, not back . Cafferty: Damage will last until Bush-Cheney deeds are addressed . Cafferty: A special prosecutor should be named to investigate .
id: 90dd180c15bdad1d6eeceb71fbcda00871f5f948
chatgpt: In a scathing critique of the Bush administration, veteran journalist Jack Cafferty has argued that the former president and his team left behind a trail of misdeeds, and that the Obama administration should not shy away from investigating them. Speaking on his CNN show, Cafferty said that the damage caused by the Bush-Cheney years would last until the misdeeds are addressed. Cafferty dismissed President Obama's argument that the country needs to move on and only look forward. "That is fundamentally wrong," said Cafferty, "because you cannot begin to start repairing the damage until you know the full extent of the problem." The journalist then listed a series of allegations against the Bush administration -- including alleged war crimes, the use of torture, and the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plame – and called for a special prosecutor to be appointed to investigate them. "These are not just abstract concerns," Cafferty said. "These are serious allegations that go to the very heart of our democracy and our standing in the world." Cafferty also slammed former Vice President Dick Cheney, describing him as "the most unrepentant and pathological of the entire Bush administration." Cafferty accused Cheney of lying about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq to justify the war, and of pushing for the use of torture as a means of interrogation. The journalist condemned the lack of accountability for the Bush administration officials involved in these alleged misdeeds. "We need to restore faith in our government and our institutions, and the only way to do that is to hold those responsible accountable," he said. Cafferty's comments come at a time when the country is grappling with deep divisions and a growing sense of disillusionment with the political system. The failure to address the grievances of those who feel left behind has fueled populist movements on both the left and right, and it remains to be seen if the country can come together to heal its wounds. But for Cafferty, the first step to healing is acknowledging the full extent of the damage caused by the Bush-Cheney years, and holding those responsible accountable. "We owe it to ourselves and future generations to do everything we can to restore the integrity of our government and our values," he concluded.