article: (CNN) -- Lexi Thompson struggled to describe her delight after she won the Navistar LPGA Classic on Sunday to become the female golf tour's youngest-ever winner. Thompson's five-shot triumph at the Robert Trent Jones Trail's Capitol Hill Senator Course -- aged 16 year, seven months and eight days -- beat the record previously held by her fellow American Marlene Hagge. "It feels amazing," Thompson told the Tour's official website. "I can't even describe it. It's been my dream my whole life just to play out here. Getting a win right now, I can't describe the feelings, but it's the best feeling ever." The Florida resident, who became the youngest player to qualify for the women's U.S. Open in 2007 at the age of 12, finished 17-under-par after carding a final round of 70 to beat off competition from compatriot Tiffany Joh. Thompson was accompanied on the course by her father and caddy Scott, and the world number 124 said it was an emotional experience to walk up the final fairway with her Dad. "I loved it," she said. "Just being there with my Dad, he was like, 'Lexi, just enjoy that walk. I am going off to the side because I might cry.' "You know, I definitely cried after I finished. Just finishing that with my dad on the bag, it was the best experience. I wouldn't be out here without my Dad and my Mom, of course." Thompson received a check for $195,000 for her historic win, and the youngster pledged to donate $20,000 to the Wounded Warrior Project -- the tournament's official charity, which helps wounded members of the Armed Forces. "Well, I think they deserve it," said Thompson. "They give up their lives for us, you know, saving our country. I wore the pin every day. "Donating to them, just you have to. I mean, look what they do for us. It's just amazing that they do that. I definitely want to give back." Angela Stanford finished in third position, one shot back from Joh, with the U.S.'s Brittany Lang and Karen Stupples of England tied for fourth position on 10-under.
highlights: Lexi Thompson becomes the youngest-ever winner on the LPGA Tour . The 16-year-old clinched a five-shot victory at the Navistar Classic . Thompson participated at the women's U.S. Open aged 12 .
id: 1527a20f941ca73ee541a8aacc88f4a20f11274f
chatgpt: Lexi Thompson, the 16-year-old American golfer, has become the youngest-ever winner on the LPGA Tour after clinching a five-shot victory at the Navistar Classic in Alabama. Thompson played a solid final round, carding a four-under-par 68 to finish with a comfortable margin of victory over her nearest rival, Tiffany Joh.  Thompson's victory is even more remarkable when considering her age. She participated in the women's U.S. Open back in 2007 at the tender age of 12, when she was the youngest person ever to qualify for the tournament. At that time, she was still competing as an amateur and not yet even enrolled in high school.  Since turning professional at 15, Thompson has been touted as one of the most promising young talents in golf. She has already established herself on the Ladies European Tour and came close to winning her first LPGA title earlier this year, finishing runner-up at the Evian Masters in France.  Speaking after her historic victory at the Navistar Classic, Thompson said, "I'm so happy right now, I can't even put it into words. This is the kind of win that every player dreams of, and I'm just so grateful to have had this opportunity."  Thompson's win is likely to open up a whole new world of opportunities for the young golfer. As well as the obvious financial rewards of a tournament victory, Thompson is likely to attract a huge amount of attention from sponsors and the media.  Thompson is not the only young golfer making waves on the LPGA Tour, with a number of precocious talents emerging in recent years. Lydia Ko, from New Zealand, won two LPGA events as an amateur before turning pro at the age of 16, while Brooke Henderson of Canada claimed her first LPGA title at the age of 17.  However, Thompson's victory is likely to set the bar even higher for young golfers hoping to make their mark on the tour. With her combination of skill, poise and sheer determination, Thompson looks set to become one of the biggest names in women's golf over the next decade.  For now, the golfing world is celebrating the remarkable achievement of one of its brightest young stars. Lexi Thompson may have just turned 16, but she has already achieved more than most golfers manage in a lifetime. With her star very much on the rise, it seems certain that we will be hearing a lot more about Lexi Thompson in the years to come.