article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . and Associated  Press Reporter . Amtrak workers have gone back to school after a New York City-bound train took a wrong turn and wound up in the Philadelphia suburbs on Thursday. Officials are investigating how Amtrak Train 644 got onto the wrong tracks after leaving Philadelphia's 30th Street . Station for Penn Station. The . train traveled several miles before crew realized their mistake and stopped at Bala Cynwyd station. What the? Amtrak Train 644 left 30th Street Station for New York City on Thursday but bizarrely ended up at a local Philadelphia train station . The local train station is serviced by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority. The train allegedly missed a signal after leaving Philadelphia. The 130 passengers were returned to Philadelphia where they boarded another train for the Big Apple. Amtrak’s media relations director, Steve Kulm, said the crew members are being re-trained. 'An investigation was . launched and the crew has been held out of work until they can be fully . debriefed and additional training can be conducted,' he said in a statement, according to CBS Philly. Well, that's embarrassing: Amtrak crew took a wrong turn, landing at Bala Cynwyd station after leaving 30th Station in Philadelphia instead of heading to New York Cuty . Amtrak, or the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, has been widely criticized for its ongoing issues with scheduling, delays and 'second-rate service'. The federal organization has reportedly never turned a profit since it began 40 years ago, while consuming almost $40 billion in federal subsidies. According to its website, Amtrak earned approximately $2.51 billion in revenue and incurred approximately $3.74 billion in expense in the 2010 financial year. In his 2010 book, National Association of Railroad Passengers founder Anthony Haswell described Amtrak as a 'massive failure because it’s wedded to a failed paradigm'. 'It runs trains that serve political purposes as opposed to being responsive to the marketplace,' he wrote. 'America needs passenger trains in selected areas, but it doesn’t need Amtrak’s antiquated route system, poor service and unreasonable operating deficits.' Last week, Congress held the latest in a series of hearings on Amtrak's inability to manage its food service.The Atlantic Cities reported Amtrak has lost more than $609 million on food and beverage since 2006. Meanwhile, Charlotte Observer reported an Amtrack collided with a car in west Charlotte on Monday, while Chicago News Tribune said a Detroit-bound train from Chicago stopped for six hours outside a station because of an equipment problem two days ago. Philadelphia's 30th Street Station: This is where the Amtrak train departed on Thursday . New York City's Penn Station: This is where the Amtrak was headed . Bala Cynwyd station in the Philadelphia suburbs: This is where the train bizarrely ended up .
highlights: Amtrak train bound for NYC ended up in Philadelphia suburbs on Thursday . Train 644 allegedly missed a signal after leaving Philadelphia . More than 100 passengers eventually made it to Penn Station . Crew are being re-trained .
id: d1d04a7407acbe6505901a7e0fd6dd2463cead21
chatgpt: On Thursday evening, a train bound for New York City ended up in the Philadelphia suburbs instead. Amtrak Train 644, which was carrying more than 100 passengers, allegedly missed a signal after leaving Philadelphia. The train ended up in the suburbs instead of its intended destination. Passengers were left confused and frustrated as they realized they were not going to make it to their intended destination. Some even reported feeling as if they had been in a "lost world" as they were stuck in the suburbs with no clear idea of what was happening. After several hours, the train's crew was eventually able to bring the train to Penn Station, where passengers were finally able to disembark. Many were relieved to be home, while others were angry and disappointed that their trip had been disrupted. Following the incident, Amtrak announced that the crew responsible for the train had been re-trained on proper signal protocols. The company also stated that it would be reviewing its signal systems to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in the future. The incident has drawn attention to both the importance of proper signal protocols and the potential dangers of travel. While no one was injured in this particular incident, it could have easily ended differently if the train had entered a more dangerous area or if passengers had panicked. Amtrak has faced criticism in the past for its safety record, and this incident will likely only add to those concerns. However, the company has also made efforts to improve its safety procedures in recent years, and it is likely that this incident will push the company to further improve its protocols. Overall, the incident was a reminder of the importance of proper signal protocols and the potential dangers of travel. While no one was injured in this particular incident, it could have easily ended differently if the train had entered a more dangerous area or if passengers had panicked. It is unclear what other changes Amtrak may make in the wake of this incident, but it is clear that the company will need to continue to work on improving its safety procedures to ensure the safety of its passengers and crew.