article: Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) -- After weeks of large anti-government demonstrations in the capital, Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra dissolved the nation's parliament Monday and called for new elections. "I don't want our country and the Thai people to suffer from more losses," Yingluck said in a televised address. "I have decided to dissolve the house." Her announcement came as protesters began marching toward her office, known as Government House, in the latest effort to put pressure on her administration. A day earlier, Thailand's main opposition party said its roughly 150 members would resign en masse from parliament because they could no longer work with the government. "This government is no longer justified to run the country, as this house is no longer justified. Today we resign to express that stance," opposition party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva said. Dissolving parliament and calling elections appear unlikely to placate protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban, a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party. He has called for power to be transferred to an unelected "people's council." Thaksin's influence . During the weeks of demonstrations, protesters have occupied various government offices. The rallies have been mostly peaceful, but clashes between protesters and government supporters on November 30 left five people dead. Protesters and police, who had confronted each other with tear gas and rocks in parts of Bangkok last week, agreed to a truce Tuesday in a show of respect for Thailand's revered king, who celebrated his 86th birthday Thursday. Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, the older brother of Yingluck. That's an ambitious goal in a country where parties affiliated with Thaksin, who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand's rural heartland, have won every election since 2001. Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas. If he returns, he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction, which he says was politically motivated. The current protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother's return. That move added fuel for critics who accuse Yingluck of being nothing more than Thaksin's puppet, an allegation she has repeatedly denied.
highlights: NEW: Yingluck says she doesn't want the country "to suffer from more losses" The main opposition party had said its members would resign from parliament . Democrat Party says it has about 150 lawmakers in parliament . The Thai capital has seen large anti-government protests in recent weeks .
id: 2ea04ab04fcf536f4810137f351f9f7cb6c0e597
chatgpt: Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has urged the opposition Democrat Party not to resign from parliament as the country grapples with massive anti-government protests. In a statement issued on Monday, October 26, Yingluck said she did not want the country "to suffer from more losses" and called on all sides to engage in dialogue to find a peaceful solution to the current political crisis. The Democrat Party had threatened to resign from parliament to protest against what it called the government's failure to address public grievances about economic inequality and political corruption. The party claims to have about 150 lawmakers in parliament, which would be enough to force a new general election if they all stepped down. Thailand has seen large anti-government protests in recent weeks, with thousands of demonstrators taking to the streets to demand reforms to the monarchy and the resignation of Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha. The protests have been largely peaceful, but there have been incidents of violence and clashes with police. Yingluck, who is the sister of exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, was herself ousted in a military coup in 2014. She remains a divisive figure in Thai politics, with some viewing her as a corruption-tainted populist and others seeing her as a victim of the military's repression of democracy. The current protests have been largely led by young people who are demanding greater political freedom and an end to the military's influence over government. They have been organized largely through social media and have seen participation from a diverse range of groups, including students, workers, and academics. The government has responded with a mixture of force and conciliation, offering to hold talks with protest leaders but also deploying riot police and water cannon to disperse crowds. Prayut has refused to resign and has accused the protesters of seeking to destroy Thailand's traditional institutions. The situation remains uncertain, with both sides showing little sign of backing down. Many observers fear the protests could escalate into violent conflict if a compromise is not reached soon. Yingluck's call for dialogue is likely to be welcomed by some as a sign of hope for a peaceful resolution to the crisis. However, it remains to be seen whether her appeal will be heeded by the opposition or by the government.