article: Despite no solid proof of its existence ever being found, it is one of Britain’s most feared animals. But newly-unearthed records have revealed a six-month Government investigation into the Beast of Bodmin Moor proved it was far from a monster – and, rather, just a large pussycat. The probe in 1995 into the Cornish ‘beast’ and other unknown animals reported to have been roaming Britain found there was no 'verifiable evidence' of exotic cats loose in the UK. Scroll down for video . Previous 'sighting': In July, there was an alleged sighting of the Beast of Bodmin Moor when a teenager taking photographs in fields near his home in Cornwall spotted 'something run across the field' Feared animal: The Beast of Bodmin Moor was first ‘spotted’ in 1983, and there have since been at least 60 reported sightings - including this one . A group of experts found the 'beast' was actually a black cat about 12in (30cm) tall, after spending £84,000 in today’s money looking at photographs and videos, as well as staging reconstructions. Sheffield Hallam University journalism professor David Clarke - an expert on contemporary myths - found the findings in a file at the Public Record Office, reported The Sun journalist Paul Sims. The 'beast' was first ‘spotted’ in 1983, and there have since been at least 60 reported sightings. But the report in 1995 by the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food declared it a phantom. Found in 1995: A skull with large fangs and what was thought to be the remains of a big cat were found in the River Fowey near the moor by a boy . However the researchers also concluded that they had been unable to prove that big cats were 'not present'. But shortly after the report was published, a skull with large fangs and what was thought to be the remains of a big cat were found in the River Fowey near the moor by a boy aged 14. The skull was sent to the Natural History Museum in South Kensington, central London, for verification - where it was found it was a genuine skull from a young male leopard. They also found that the cat had not died in Britain. In fact, the skull had been imported as part of a leopard-skin rug. Then in 1998 a 20-second video was released and said by some experts as the best evidence yet that big cats had roamed the moor. In July, MailOnline reported a recent alleged sighting of the 'beast' when a teenager taking photographs in fields near his home in Cornwall spotted ‘something run across the field’. Henry Warren, 19, said at the time that the animal was ‘absolutely massive and was hopping up and down like a large cat - there's no way it was a fox or a dog’. Mr Warren managed to take several frames before the animal disappeared into undergrowth in the field at Gwinear, just a few miles from remote Bodmin Moor where the 'beast' is said to roam.
highlights: £84,000 probe into Cornish 'beast' 19 years ago found it was a 12in cat . Experts looked at photographs and videos and staged reconstructions . Beast first 'spotted' in 1983, with at least 60 reported sightings since .
id: 67d349232a48674a3bd44b53adeeba21799b62db
chatgpt: A £84,000 investigation into a mysterious creature known as the 'beast of Bodmin' in Cornwall, which was conducted 19 years ago, has concluded that the creature was just a 12-inch domestic cat. The team of experts looked at photographs and videos, and even staged reconstructions, to determine the identity of the creature that had been the subject of at least 60 reported sightings since it was first 'spotted' in 1983. Despite several alleged sightings, there was little hard evidence to support the existence of the 'beast of Bodmin'. The investigation was initiated after a spate of sightings in the early 1990s. The probe, which included scientists from the Royal Marines, was funded by the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and was the most extensive investigation of the creature. The investigation looked at all possible factors that could have contributed to reports of the 'beast', including natural phenomena, such as shadows and mist, and domestic animals that may have escaped or been released into the wild. In addition, the team investigated local myths and legends that may have influenced people's perception of the creature.  The investigation involved months of field work, with cameras and other equipment used to capture any image or evidence of the creature. The team also conducted a number of experiments to test the likelihood of the creature's existence, such as placing bait in areas where sightings had occurred. Despite the lack of conclusive evidence, the investigation found that there were a number of factors that may have contributed to the reports of the 'beast'. The team found that the majority of reported sightings were likely to be a result of misidentification of other animals, such as large domestic cats or dogs. They also found that some reports were made by people who had been influenced by local myths and legends. Despite the conclusions of the investigation, some locals have continued to maintain their belief in the existence of the creature. Some suggest that the investigation was not thorough enough, and that there may have been evidence that was overlooked. Others believe that the creature may have simply gone into hiding during the investigation, or that there may be more than one 'beast' in the area. Regardless of the continued speculation, the investigation has provided a definitive answer to the mystery of the 'beast of Bodmin'. While the creature may have captured the imagination of many, it appears that it was little more than a misidentified domestic cat. However, the investigation remains a fascinating example of scientific inquiry into the unknown, and serves as a reminder of the importance of seeking evidence-based conclusions when tasked with investigating mysterious phenomena.