article: Gareth Southgate has named his 22-man England Under 21 squad for the forthcoming friendly double-header with Portugal and France. As preparations start in earnest for next summer's European Championships in the Czech Republic - with the draw being made in Prague on Thursday evening - Southgate has named a strong squad with a couple of new faces. With Saido Berahino promoted to Roy Hodgson's senior squad, Southgate has called upon Bournemouth's Callum Wilson, who has scored nine goals in the Championship so far this season. Tottenham's Harry Kane will lead the line for England Under 21s in their friendlies with Portugal and France . Bournemouth's Callum Wilson, seen here scoring in the League Cup against West Brom, is also included . Gareth Southgate's men face Portugal and France in a friendly double-header in the next two weeks . There is also a first call-up for Fulham goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli. Otherwise, the squad contains many of those who helped England beat Croatia in last month's play-off to qualify for the European finals. Among them are in-form Tottenham striker Harry Kane, Middlesbrough's loan signing from Chelsea Patrick Bamford and Derby's Will Hughes. Fulham goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli is included in the Under 21 squad for the first time . Patrick Bamford (right), at Middlesbrough on loan from Chelsea, is also selected in the 22-man squad . Saido Berahino, who scored in England Euro play-off with Croatia last month, has been called up to the seniors . Harry Kane celebrates his goal in the first leg of the European Championship play-off at Wolves . They will assemble at St George's Park on Monday before taking on Portugal at Burnley's Turf Moor ground on Thursday November 13 (7.45pm kick-off). They then head to Brest in Brittany for a friendly against France on Monday November 17th. Both games will be screened live on BT Sport. Before then, England will learn their group stage opponents in the draw for next June's finals in Prague. Goalkeepers: Marcus Bettinelli (Fulham), Jonathan Bond (Watford), Jack Butland (Derby County, loan from Stoke City). Defenders: Luke Garbutt (Everton), Ben Gibson (Middlesbrough), Carl Jenkinson (West Ham United, loan from Arsenal), Michael Keane (Burnley, loan from Manchester United), Jamaal Lascelles (Nottingham Forest, loan from Newcastle United), Liam Moore (Leicester City), Jack Robinson (Huddersfield Town, loan from QPR). Midfielders: Tom Carroll (Swansea City, loan from Tottenham Hotspur), Nathaniel Chalobah (Burnley, loan from Chelsea), Jake Forster-Caskey (Brighton & Hove Albion), Will Hughes (Derby County), Thomas Ince (Nottingham Forest, loan from Hull City), Alex Pritchard (Brentford, loan from Tottenham Hotspur), Nathan Redmond (Norwich City). Forwards: Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough, loan from Chelsea), Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur), Danny Ings (Burnley), Callum Wilson (AFC Bournemouth), Cauley Woodrow (Fulham)
highlights: Gareth Southgate has named 22-man squad for England Under 21 friendlies with Portugal and France . Young Lions are beginning preparations for European Championships next summer, with group draw to be held on Thursday night . Bournemouth's Callum Wilson and Fulham's Marcus Bettinelli called up for the first time .
id: d803240385db2cc1b475813b84c56392487f5027
chatgpt: England's Under 21 manager Gareth Southgate has named his squad for the team's upcoming friendlies against Portugal and France. The 22-man squad includes some new faces ready to impress on the international stage. The Young Lions are looking to put in a strong performance as they prepare for the European Championships next summer. The squad will be hoping to build momentum ahead of the tournament, and these upcoming friendlies will be crucial in ensuring that the team is ready to go when the competition begins. Bournemouth's Callum Wilson and Fulham's Marcus Bettinelli are two of the most exciting new additions to the squad. Wilson has been in fine form for Bournemouth this season, scoring six goals in all competitions. The striker has been hailed as one of the most promising young players in English football, and he will be keen to make an impact in the Under 21 team. Meanwhile, Bettinelli has impressed for Fulham in the Championship this season, keeping five clean sheets in his last eight games. The goalkeeper's performances have earned him his first call-up to the Under 21 side, and he will be looking to show exactly why he is regarded as one of the most talented young goalkeepers in the country. The rest of the squad is made up of a host of bright young talents from across the Premier League and the Football League. There is a good mix of experienced players who have been with the team for some time, as well as some younger players who are looking to make their mark on the international stage. Southgate will be hoping that the squad can gel quickly ahead of these upcoming friendlies. Portugal and France are both strong teams, and the Young Lions will need to be at their best if they are to come away with positive results. However, with some new talent in the squad, there is plenty of reason for optimism. The group draw for the European Championships will take place on Thursday night, and the Under 21s will be waiting with bated breath to see who they will be facing in the tournament. The tournament will take place in the summer of 2022, so there is plenty of time for the team to prepare and build a strong squad capable of challenging for the title. Overall, this is an exciting time for England's Under 21 team, and the upcoming friendlies will be crucial in ensuring that the team is ready when the European Championships roll around next summer. With some talented new players in the squad, there is plenty of reason for optimism, and fans will be hoping to see some exciting performances in the coming weeks.