article: (CNN) -- Novak Djokovic will go into the U.S. Open without the match practice he was seeking after suffering his second straight third round defeat in a Masters 1000 tournament. The world number one exited at this stage in Cincinnati Thursday to Spain's Tommy Robredo, beaten in straight sets, 7-6 7-5. Fresh off his honeymoon and with his first child due, Djokovic went out to eventual winner Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Toronto last week. He had hoped to improve in this week's tournament, particularly as it's the only one of nine Masters 1000 events to elude him. Djokovic has been a four-time runner up on the hard courts in Ohio and lost to John Isner in the quarterfinals last year. This time around he did not even get to that stage, losing control of his match against Robredo after losing a tight first set tiebreak 8-6. Djokovic had actually retrieved an early break to level at 4-4 but could not take full advantage. A single break of service in the second set was enough for Robredo to close out a memorable win. "Just many, many, many things are not clicking these two weeks on hard courts," Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website. "It's unfortunate, but it's more than obvious I'm not playing even close to what I'm supposed to play. I have to keep on working and trying to get better for U.S.Open," added the Serbian. Earlier, Isner had two match points against former Wimbledon and U.S. Open champion Andy Murray before the Briton emerged the winner in three sets. Murray, who has slipped to eighth in the world rankings after having back surgery in 2013, eventually prevailed 6-7 6-4 7-6. America giant Isner had the match points on Murray's service as he trailed 5-6 in the deciding set, but could not capitalize on his opportunities. Murray took control of the subsequent tiebreaker and won it for the loss of just two points to go into the last eight. "I played very well," Murray told Sky Sports. "This is a big win for me as he (Isner) plays extremely well here." In the women's tournament at the same venue, world number one Serena Williams maintained her hopes of a first Cincinnati title with a straight sets win over Italy's Flavia Pennetta 6-2 6-2 to reach the quarterfinals. "I got an early break and just didn't let go," Williams told the official WTA Tour website. She will face Serbia's Jelena Jankovic for a place in the semifinals after the eighth seed later beat Sloane Stephens of America 7-6 6-4.
highlights: Top seed Novak Djokovic loses to Tommy Robredo in Cincinnati . Second straight third round defeat for Djokovic in Masters 1000 events . Andy Murray saves two match points before beating John Isner . Serena Williams into quarterfinals of women's tournament in Ohio .
id: 3e4ed39830eacd5be964edd9a448bdf362087023
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, top-seeded Novak Djokovic suffered yet another defeat in the third round of a Masters 1000 event. This time, he fell to Tommy Robredo at the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati. Djokovic had previously lost to Stefanos Tsitsipas in the third round of the Rogers Cup in Montreal last week. Now, his 6-7(5), 6-1, 4-6 defeat to Robredo marks his second consecutive third-round exit in a Masters 1000 event. On the other hand, Andy Murray had to battle hard to progress to the quarterfinals in Cincinnati. He was pushed to the brink by big-serving American John Isner and had to save two match points before securing a 6-7 (5/7) 6-4 7-6 (7/4) win, much to the delight of his fans. Murray, who has recently returned to the tour after undergoing hip surgery last year, continues to show signs of improvement the more he plays. He will now face either seventh-seeded Kei Nishikori or Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in the quarterfinals. Elsewhere, Serena Williams had a much easier time in the women's tournament in Ohio. The 23-time Grand Slam champion made light work of qualifier Zarina Diyas, winning 6-3, 6-2 to reach the quarterfinals. Williams is aiming to win her first title since giving birth to her daughter in September last year. She has had a few near misses, reaching the finals at both Wimbledon and the US Open last year, as well as this year's Wimbledon, only to fall short on each occasion. Williams will face eighth-seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova in the quarterfinals. Pliskova has had a solid year so far, winning a title in Rome and reaching the semifinals at the Australian Open. Overall, the Western & Southern Open has seen some surprising results and intense battles so far. With the likes of Djokovic and Isner already out, and Murray and Williams looking to make a deep run, it promises to be an exciting few days of tennis in Ohio.