article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Prominent Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas died in a car accident Sunday, his daughter Rosa Maria Paya told CNN. He was 60. She said her father died after the car he was traveling in was struck by another car in Cuba's eastern Granma province. The car crash took place at 1:50 p.m. near Bayamo, Cuba, according to statement released by the Cuban government's International Press Center. In Spanish: Government statement . Paya and passenger Harold Capero died in the accident, the statement said. Two other passengers -- a Spanish citizen and Swedish citizen -- were injured and taken to a hospital, it said. The government statement says there was not a second car involved in the crash and said the rental car that Paya was traveling in lost control and crashed into a tree. Cuban police are investigating the crash, the statement said. On Paya's website, his daughter Rosa Maria posted an audio clip saying his family believed that a second car had been involved and that it had intentionally struck the car in which Paya was traveling. A devout Christian and an engineer, Paya was known far beyond Cuba for his criticisms of the island's socialist government. Cuban doctors battle to control cholera outbreak . In 2002, shortly before former U.S. President Jimmy Carter's visit to Cuba, Paya delivered petitions containing 11,020 signatures calling for democratic elections and freedom of speech to Cuba's National Assembly. Although the initiative -- called the "Varela Project" -- was ignored by Cuba's government, Carter later spoke of Paya's signature drive during a speech that was broadcast on state television in Cuba. The speech was the first time Cuba's government had allowed an American leader to address the populace as well as the first time that many Cubans had heard of Paya's efforts to change the country's political system. Opinion: Should U.S. raise a fist or offer a hand to Cuba? Internal opponents to Cuba's government are routinely labeled as traitors by the state-run media. In 2003, Paya received the European Parliament's Sakharov prize for freedom of expression. The award is named for Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov and is awarded to those who work to promote human rights and democracy.
highlights: NEW: Cuban government statement says two people died in accident, two more injured . Daughter of Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas questions government account . Rosa Maria Paya says her father died Sunday in Granma province in a car accident . Paya was known far beyond Cuba for his criticisms of the island's socialist government .
id: 4d5e17c5cd48da8ca303cf4b6ebd33248ba18716
chatgpt: A statement released by the Cuban government has revealed that a car accident claimed the lives of two people, leaving two others injured. The accident occurred in Granma province, and according to the government's report, it was an unfortunate occurrence that happened without any indication of foul play. However, the daughter of Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas, Rosa Maria Paya, has raised questions about the government's account of the incident. She claims that her father, a vocal critic of Cuba's socialist government, died on Sunday in the same province due to the accident. Oswaldo Paya Sardinas was a prominent figure both in Cuba and internationally, known for his outspoken criticism of the Cuban government. The dissident was a strong advocate for greater democracy and human rights in the country. He had previously been awarded the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize in honor of his human rights activism. Following the release of the government's statement, Paya's daughter commented on the inconsistencies in the official account of events. She has called for an independent investigation into the accident to uncover the truth about her father's death. Many human rights groups have expressed concerns about the treatment of dissidents in Cuba, and the government's handling of their cases. Despite the country's recent opening up to foreign investors and increased engagement with the US government, critics maintain that the situation regarding human rights and political freedoms in Cuba remains dire. Oswaldo Paya Sardinas' passing will be a significant loss to the dissident community in Cuba and beyond. Many will be watching closely to see how the government responds to the questions raised by Paya's daughter concerning the accident. The Cuban government has yet to make any further comment on the matter. In conclusion, the death of Oswaldo Paya Sardinas in a car accident in Granma province has unsettled several people. Observers expect an investigation to be conducted into the circumstances surrounding his unfortunate demise, especially given his status as a vocal critic of the government. The international community is keeping a close eye on the situation as it unfolds, hoping for transparency and the truth about the accident to be exposed.