article: Washington (CNN) -- Sen. John McCain slammed President Barack Obama on Monday over his comments that U.S. intelligence underestimated ISIS. McCain countered Obama's assertions made on CBS' "60 Minutes," saying that ISIS' expansion in Syria and Iraq was tied to the President's decision not to leave a residual U.S. military force in Iraq and his refusal to arm moderate Syrian rebels last year despite urgings from his national security advisers. "We predicted this and watched it," McCain said on CNN's "New Day." "It was like watching a train wreck and warning every step of the way that this was happening." In the "60 Minutes" interview that aired Sunday, Obama admitted that a chaotic Syria became "ground zero for jihadists around the world" and that the United States also overestimated the strength of Iraqi security forces. The Republican senator from Arizona also reserved some criticism for his fellow legislators who went on recess to focus on the November midterm elections without voting on U.S. military action in Syria. "It's an act of cowardice on the part of Congress," McCain said. "They didn't want to vote before the election." After adjourning without a vote more than a week earlier, House Speaker John Boehner told ABC News on Sunday that he would be "happy" to call lawmakers back to the House floor for a vote if Obama submits a resolution to Congress. "I'd bring the Congress back," Boehner said. Rep. Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, criticized the President for his "political failure" rather than a failure of the intelligence community, saying Obama needs to lead. "It is incumbent upon the commander in chief to lay out the strategy that he wants," Royce said. "We have given him those tools." McCain also called on the Obama administration to take on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime, renewing calls for a no-fly zone over Syria and saying the United States should "take out his air force" if the Syrian ruler doesn't keep his planes out of the air. McCain said Obama has the authority to attack al-Assad's regime without congressional authorization and said not doing so would be "immoral." "They want to train 5,000 Free Syrian Army people in Saudi Arabia and send them back. But are we going to do anything about Bashar al-Assad's air attacks?" McCain said. "Are you going to ask these young people ... to fight against ISIS but not against Assad. It's not only unworkable, it's immoral." McCain and fellow hawk Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, first advocated for a no-fly zone in Syria in the summer of 2013 when Obama was considering military action against the Syrian regime, which McCain said is responsible for the death of 192,000 Syrians. McCain agreed with the Obama administration that the United States is at war with ISIS -- a statement that only 40% of Americans agree with, according to a CNN/ORC International poll released Monday. "Of course, we are," McCain said.
highlights: McCain on ISIS' growth: "We predicted this and watched it" McCain also slams Congress for "cowardice" after adjourning without a vote on military force . House speaker says he would "bring the Congress back" for a vote if Obama seeks resolution . McCain: U.S. should impose no-fly zone in Syria to stop Syrian regime's attacks against rebels .
id: df049590713c8e0d3dfa98662cc3194aa30faa88
chatgpt: Senator John McCain, a former Republican Presidential nominee, has slammed Congress for its "cowardice" on Tuesday after it adjourned without taking any action on President Barack Obama's request for a vote on military force against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. Speaking to reporters, McCain said "We predicted this and watched it" referring to the growth of ISIS across the Middle East. McCain, who has been an outspoken critic of Obama's foreign policy, also called for the imposition of a no-fly zone in Syria to stop the Syrian regime's attacks against rebels. He has been advocating for this for some time now, but his calls have gone unheeded by the Obama Administration. He maintains that the US can create a buffer zone in northern Syria that could be protected by a no-fly zone, and that providing such assistance to Syrian rebels would help end the conflict. Meanwhile, House Speaker John Boehner has vowed to bring Congress back if Obama seeks a resolution on military force against ISIS. Speaking on Tuesday, Boehner said he had not yet spoken to the president about the issue, but said he would bring the Congress back into session if they were needed to vote on the matter. The issue of military force has been contentious in the US, with many arguing that the US should not be involved in another conflict in the Middle East. However, other lawmakers, including McCain, believe that the US must address the growing threat posed by ISIS. In September, Obama authorized airstrikes against ISIS, but has not sought additional funding or authorization from Congress for military operations against the group. The President has argued that he has the authority to act under the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, which was passed in the aftermath of the September 11th terrorist attacks. However, lawmakers, including McCain, have argued that the President needs a clear authorization from Congress to launch military action against ISIS. McCain has been a vocal critic of Obama's foreign policy, accusing him of being too cautious and not taking strong enough action against ISIS. The latest developments come as ISIS continues to make gains in Iraq and Syria, and as concerns grow about the group's ability to carry out attacks in the US and Europe. The US has been working to build a coalition of countries to help fight ISIS, but progress has been slow. Some have criticized the Administration's efforts, arguing that the US needs to take a more aggressive approach to confronting ISIS. Meanwhile, others have warned against getting involved in another conflict in the Middle East, arguing that the US should focus on diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis. For now, it remains unclear whether Congress will reconvene to vote on military force against ISIS. However, with lawmakers like McCain continuing to speak out on the issue, it seems likely that the debate will continue in the weeks ahead.