article: (CNN)Will "Birdman" rule the roost Sunday night? The film, starring Michael Keaton as a former superhero-playing actor trying to recharge his career with a Broadway play, leads all other films with seven Golden Globe nominations. The critically acclaimed movie was nominated for best comedy or musical, best actor in a comedy or musical (Keaton), best supporting actor (Edward Norton), best supporting actress (Emma Stone), best director (Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu), as well as best screenplay and best score. The 72nd Golden Globes is produced by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and is viewed by many in Hollywood as a good predictor for the Oscars. This year, "Boyhood" and "The Imitation Game" earned five nominations, and Ava DuVernay made history becoming the first African American woman to be nominated for directing for her work on "Selma." DuVernay's film joins "Boyhood," "Foxcatcher," "The Imitation Game" and "The Theory of Everything" in being nominated for best drama. Actress Jennifer Aniston has been having a moment and stirring a great deal of buzz with her performance as a woman who becomes obsessed with the suicide of a member of her chronic pain support group. Aniston is nominated for a best dramatic actress Golden Globe and told the Los Angeles Times she's happy to be getting noticed for her performance, rather than the usual paparazzi driven attention paid to her personal life. "To be having a conversation about my work, as opposed to the other BS, is really so refreshing," she said. "I feel like a plant that's just been starving for nourishment. I needed a good rain." Among the television categories, "Fargo" led all nominees with five nominations, followed by "True Detective" which had four and "Jane the Virgin," which received two. Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will once again host this year's awards show. Fey told E! that she and her bestie are going to take advantage of being in the final year of their three-year Globes contract to push the envelope with their humor. "Listen, it's our last time!" she said.  "What are they going to do, fire us?! Who cares!" The 72nd Golden Globes will be held at the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles and will air at 8 p.m. EST on NBC. CNN's Todd Leopold contributed to this story.
highlights: "Birdman" has the most movie nominations . Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are hosting; the show airs at 8 p.m. ET on NBC .
id: 53b84211f3daad08fc40db9034c8ea7f22ecd021
chatgpt: The highly anticipated awards season is finally in full swing, and all eyes are on the upcoming Golden Globe Awards. The 72nd annual ceremony, which will be broadcast live on NBC at 8 p.m. ET, is set to be hosted by the dynamic duo of Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. With so many standout films released in 2014, the competition is sure to be fierce. However, one movie seems to be leading the pack in terms of nominations. "Birdman," the critically acclaimed drama directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, has snagged a whopping seven nominations, including Best Motion Picture - Drama and Best Director.  But "Birdman" isn't the only film receiving recognition. The drama "Boyhood," the comedy "The Grand Budapest Hotel," and the drama "The Imitation Game" are also vying for the top prizes, each with multiple nominations of their own.  Aside from the films themselves, the Golden Globe Awards are known for their A-list attendees, glamorous red carpet fashion, and of course, the hilarious and irreverent hosting duo of Fey and Poehler.  This year marks the third time that the comedic pair has taken on hosting duties for the Golden Globes, and they have promised not to hold back in their critiques and jokes.  In an interview with Variety, Fey teased that "anything can happen" during the show, and encouraged viewers to tune in to see how they handle the unpredictable atmosphere.  But despite their comedic chops, Fey and Poehler will have to share the spotlight with the impressive array of talent gathered in the Beverly Hilton ballroom. Nominees in the top categories include Benedict Cumberbatch, Eddie Redmayne, and Julianne Moore.  As the night progresses, audiences will be treated to a number of musical performances, including a rendition of "Glory" by rapper Common and singer John Legend, which was featured in the civil rights drama "Selma."  But ultimately, the night belongs to the filmmakers and actors who poured their hearts and souls into the movies that captured our attention and our hearts in 2014.  The Golden Globe Awards are just the beginning of the season, with other major awards shows, including the Oscars, still to come. But for one night, the spotlight shines solely on the nominees, their achievements, and their contributions to the art of filmmaking.