article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:04 EST, 6 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:04 EST, 6 September 2012 . What started off as a food fight between two St Louis men ended up with one of them dead and the other behind bars. 42-year-old Roger Wilkes died on Tuesday night after he was stabbed in the chest during a row over a packet of Cheetos corn snacks. Shocked witnesses described seeing the desperate scuffle break out over the cheesy treats, followed swiftly by a knife being pulled. Scroll down for video . Extreme: David Scott was charged with second-degree murder after allegedly stabbing a man over a bag of Cheetos . Wilkes suffered one fatal stab wound, Stltoday.com reported. He was taken to hospital but did not survive. 49-year-old David Scott has been named as the man behind the slaying, which happened shortly before 9pm. He fled the scene, near the Convention Centre MetroLink station on Washington Avenue, but was caught up with by police a few blocks away. Scene: The stabbing took place close to the Convention Centre MetroLink station on Washington Avenue . Officers arrested the alleged killer, charging him with second-degree murder and armed criminal action. Those counts add to a list of previous convictions including robbing a post office, burglary and assault. Charged: Scott but was caught up with by police a few blocks away from the scene and arrested . The area surrounding the scene was closed off to traffic for around an hour while police investigated, finding a knife nearby. Police at first said they believed the men to be homeless but have since released addresses for them. Wilkes lived in the 4000 block of Delmar Boulevard and Scott in the 200 block of North Ninth Street. Watch the video here: .
highlights: Roger Wilkes, 42, died in hospital from single stab wound . 49-year-old David Scott charged with second-degree murder . Police at first thought both men were homeless but have since released addresses . They were rowing over a packet of Cheetos .
id: 6c167200d36093a981b76487520523856d9a4974
chatgpt: A violent argument over a packet of Cheetos has resulted in one man's death and another man being charged with second-degree murder. The incident occurred on Sunday evening and has sent shockwaves through the local community. The victim has been identified as 42-year-old Roger Wilkes, who was rushed to hospital after being stabbed once. Despite the efforts of medical staff, he died shortly after arriving. His family and friends are devastated by his loss and have been left struggling to come to terms with the senseless violence that led to his death. The accused, 49-year-old David Scott, has been charged with second-degree murder and is currently in police custody. Both men were initially thought to be homeless, but the police have since confirmed their addresses. The argument began over a packet of Cheetos, a popular snack that is widely available in convenience stores and supermarkets. Details of the dispute have not been released, but it is believed that it quickly escalated into violence, resulting in Mr. Wilkes being fatally stabbed. The incident has once again highlighted the dangers of violence in our society and the need for greater measures to prevent it. Questions have been raised about why such a minor argument could escalate to such a deadly consequence. The local police department has expressed their condolences to Mr. Wilkes' family and has assured the public that they will do everything in their power to bring those responsible to justice. They are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward and assist with their investigations. The community has been left in shock by the tragic events that unfolded on Sunday evening. Many are expressing their condolences and support for the family of the victim, who is being remembered as a kind and gentle man who did not deserve to die in such a violent way.