article: (CNN) -- A U.S. soldier captured in Afghanistan in 2009 has received his second promotion while in captivity, U.S. Central Command announced Friday. With the promotion, Bowe Bergdahl, 25, rises to the rank of sergeant. He was last promoted in June 2010 to the rank of specialist, according to Central Command. Brig. Gen. Rick Mustion, the adjutant general of the Army, traveled to Bergdahl's hometown of Hailey, Idaho, on Thursday to deliver the promotion certificate to his parents. The Army has been giving Bergdahl promotions that would have come to him had his Army career gone as planned. If he returns home safely, the Army will give him all the back pay that he has earned while in captivity. Bergdahl was a private first class when he disappeared in June 2009, after finishing his guard shift at a combat outpost in southeastern Afghanistan's Paktika province. He has been seen in several videos released by the Taliban. His whereabouts today are unknown, though some security analysts say it is likely he is in Pakistan. In December, Bergdahl appeared in footage released by Manba al-Jihad, a video production group associated with the Taliban. A speaker said the Paktia mujahedeen captured the soldier, and he is in the custody of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (the Taliban) and has all "Islamic rights." In the nearly 45-minute video, Bowe Bergdahl wears an open-necked tan shirt and has a large abrasion on his left cheek, just below the eye. Bergdahl's father, Robert Bergdahl, made his first public appeal last month for his son's release, using a YouTube video recording to address the Taliban and its allies. In the video, the elder Bergdahl also conveyed "compassionate respect" to the people of Pakistan, who have endured war, earthquakes, floods and crop failures. He concluded the video with a message to his son: "God bless you! We love you! We have been quiet in public, but we have not been quiet behind the scenes. Continue to be patient and kind to those around you. You are not forgotten. You are not forgotten." Bergdahl is assigned to 1st Battalion, 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska. CNN's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report.
highlights: Bowe Bergdahl disappeared in June 2009 in Afghanistan . He has been in several videos released by the Taliban . He has been promoted from specialist to sergeant, U.S. Central Command says . Bergdahl's father last month used a YouTube video recording to plead for his release .
id: a2190dccc22cdd8c35c4026bfb6a36cde34fd0f2
chatgpt: Bowe Bergdahl, a U.S. Army soldier who disappeared in June 2009 in Afghanistan, has been in captivity for over a decade now. Multiple videos released by the Taliban over the years show Bergdahl, looking thin and gaunt, pleading for his release. Despite the prolonged captivity, Bergdahl has received a promotion from specialist to sergeant, according to a statement from the U.S. Central Command. This news comes as a glimmer of hope for his family and supporters who have been tirelessly advocating for his freedom. Bergdahl's father, Bob Bergdahl, made headlines last month when he released a YouTube video pleading for his son's safe return. In the emotional video, he urged the Taliban to release his son, saying that Bowe was "not part of the darkness" of war but "a man with a future and a hope." The circumstances surrounding Bergdahl's disappearance have long been a topic of debate. Some have criticized him for desertion and endangering fellow soldiers, while others have argued that he was a prisoner of war who should be brought home. In 2014, Bergdahl's release was negotiated by the Obama administration in exchange for five Taliban prisoners who were being held at Guantanamo Bay. The decision was controversial, with some arguing that it set a dangerous precedent for negotiating with terrorists. Since his release, Bergdahl has been tried and convicted for desertion and endangering soldiers who searched for him. He was dishonorably discharged from the Army and is currently awaiting sentencing. Meanwhile, his family and supporters continue to fight for his freedom. In a statement released after the promotion news was announced, Bob Bergdahl thanked those who have supported his family and urged the Taliban to release his son. "Bowe is not forgotten, and we will not rest until he is safely returned home," he said. As Bergdahl's captivity enters its twelfth year, his fate remains uncertain. But his family and supporters continue to hope for his safe return and vow to never give up the fight for his freedom.