article: By . David Mccormack . A sports reporter got a little too close to the action at a high school football game earlier this month and ended up getting trampled by virtually an entire team. On the opening weekend of the Texas football playoffs, David Amador traveled to Harlingen to cover their game against McAllen Memorial on November 16. Amador’s video footage shows him filming the pre-game spectacle which involved the Harlingen players entering a giant Cardinals helmet, as smoke was set off inside of it. Scroll down for video . Amador's video footage shows him filming the pre-game spectacle which involved the Harlingen players entering a giant Cardinals helmet, as smoke was set off inside of it . In his desire to get as close to the act as possible, Amador stands less than 10 feet away from the players when they start to run out of the helmet . In his desire to get as close to the act as possible, Amador stands less than 10 feet away from the players. Next they start to run out of the helmet, which should be the reporter’s cue to get out of the way. Instead, Amador stands his ground and it isn’t long before he is soon knocked to the ground by the stream of college footballers. Oddly, Amador doesn’t seem to mind be roughed up by the players and can even be hear laughing during his ordeal. Amador stands his ground, but it isn't long before he is soon knocked to the ground, although oddly he doesn't seem to mind be roughed up by the players and can even be hear laughing during his ordeal . By the end of the video, Amador is flat on his back while he continues to film what is going on around him - only now he is upside down. 'I got knocked down but that's okay its football time!,' yells an exhilarated Amador, who doesn't seem to have sustained any lasting injuries. Harlingen topped Memorial, 58-20, so maybe the Cardinals should keep Amador around. He publishes High School Sports Magazine, a Texas production that covers high school sports across the state, reports The Big Lead. By the end of the video, Amador is flat on his back while he continues to film what is going on around him - only now he is upside down .
highlights: David Amador got a little too close to the action during a Texas football playoff in Harlingen on November 16 . It wasn't long before he was knocked to the ground, although oddly he doesn't seem to mind be roughed up by the players . He can even be hear laughing during his ordeal . By the end of the video, Amador is flat on his back while he continues . to film what is going on around him - only now he is upside down .
id: d70cbdb81d1df9fff47851a79e207f0ff56c4186
chatgpt: In a recent viral video making its rounds on social media, David Amador can be seen getting a little too close to the action during a Texas high school football playoff in Harlingen on November 16. Despite being knocked to the ground by players, he oddly doesn't seem to mind being roughed up. It's not uncommon to see passionate fans getting caught up in the heat of the moment during a football game. However, Amador took it to the next level by stepping onto the field in the middle of the game. He made his way towards the players, getting closer and closer until he was suddenly tackled to the ground. Interestingly enough, Amador didn't seem fazed by the incident. In fact, he can be heard laughing as the players helped him to his feet. Even after being knocked down, Amador was determined to continue filming the action around him. As the game continued, Amador found himself lying on his back with his phone still in hand. Despite being in an awkward position, he continued to capture the intense game unfolding around him. In the video, Amador can be seen upside down, filming the game from a new angle. The video quickly went viral, with many viewers expressing their amazement at Amador's dedication to capturing every moment of the game. Some even joked that he should consider a career in sports broadcasting. While the incident may have been entertaining to watch, it's important to remember that stepping onto the field during a game is not only dangerous but also against the rules. The safety of the players and spectators should always be the top priority at any sporting event. In conclusion, David Amador's dedication to capturing every moment of a high school football playoff in Texas has earned him internet fame. Despite being knocked down and flipped over, he continued to film the action from a new perspective. However, it's important to remember that stepping onto the field during a game is not only against the rules but also puts oneself and others in danger.