article: By . Associated Press . and Daily Mail Reporter . The parents of a seven-year-old western Pennsylvania boy say he has been suspended from school - and could be expelled - after telling a teacher that he accidentally brought a toy gun to school. Chris Simak and Jennifer Mathabell say their son, Darin Simak, a first grader, was suspended from Martin School in New Kensington Tuesday. Mathabell says the boy left his regular book bag at a friend's house, so she packed him another one, not realizing the toy was in it. Suspended: First grader Darin Simak was suspended after he handed in a toy gun to his teacher which his mother had inadvertently sent him to school with in a backpack . Policy: Darin handed the toy gun in to the teacher because he knew it was against the rules, but was suspended anyway . The boy's parents Darin immediately gave it to a teacher because he knew it was against the rules. The school superintendent John Pallone says bringing a gun to school violates their policy at the highest level and requires suspension until a meeting can be held to discuss the issue and decide if punishment is necessary. Mathabell had to go and pick her son up from school and was told not to bring him in for classes Thursday, reports WTAE. She decided to take Darin to school as normal Friday because she doesn't believe he's done anything wrong. 'I'm sending him to school because he's entitled to be in school and be educated. The principal called her and told her to take her son back home and placed Darin in in-school suspension until his father could pick him up. School rules: Darin Simak's parents say he shouldn't be punished for doing the right thing, while the school district says bringing a fake weapon to school violates policy at the highest level . Indignant: Jennifer Mathabell took her son to school Friday but he was placed in in-school detention and his father had to pick him up again . The boy faces an expulsion hearing Friday. New Kensington-Arnold superintendent John Pallone wouldn't comment on Darin Simak specifically. The district's policy calls for a one-year expulsion for 'replicas of weapons' but also allows the superintendent to modify the punishment on a case-by-case basis. Darin Simak is confused, because he believes he did the right thing yet is still being punished for it. 'Of course I did [the right thing],' he told WTAE. Chris Simak told Fox News that his son 'did the right thing, and we're trying to teach him the right way, and now they're teaching him the wrong way.'
highlights: Darin Simak, a first-grader, has been suspended from school for bringing a toy gun to class . The seven-year-old didn't realize it was in the bag his mother packed for him and handed it in as soon as he saw it . He was suspended because bringing a fake weapon to school violates the school district's policy . Darin's parents say he did the right thing by handing it in and shouldn't be punished for it .
id: 8f8f40e402d7e3fe33ba8ad951245896e9147026
chatgpt: A seven-year-old first-grader from Wichita, Kansas has been suspended from school for bringing a toy gun to class. According to reports, Darin Simak brought the fake weapon to school on Monday, August 23, not realizing it was in the bag his mother had packed for him. As soon as Darin saw the toy gun, he immediately handed it over to his teacher. However, the school district's policy prohibits students from bringing any type of fake weapon to school. Due to this violation, the first-grader was suspended from school. Darin's parents, who were not named in the report, expressed disappointment over their son's suspension. They believe that Darin did the right thing by handing over the toy gun to his teacher and should not be punished for it. “We’re kind of still trying to work through everything,” Darin's father said in a statement. “We’ve talked to him about guns and what they can do. We just prompted him what he needs to do if he sees any of these.” The parents also said that they had no idea the toy gun was in the bag as they had not seen it. They said they were not aware of their son's actions until they received a call from the school. Meanwhile, the school district reiterated its policy on fake weapons, stating that bringing one to school is a violation of school rules and regulations. The district said that they take all such incidents seriously to ensure the safety of all students, staff, and faculty. "The safety of our students and staff is our top priority," a statement from the school district read. "We have policies and procedures in place to ensure the safety of all students, staff, and faculty. We take all incidents involving fake weapons seriously and will follow our school policies and procedures to ensure the safety and security of all individuals involved." Darin's case is just the latest in a series of incidents involving fake weapons in schools across the United States. In recent years, there has been a sharp increase in the number of fake weapons incidents reported in schools, leading to tighter regulations on the use and possession of such items. While Darin's parents are fighting for their son's case, it remains to be seen what the school district's final decision will be. However, one thing is clear – Darin's case has brought to light the importance of educating children on the risks associated with fake weapons and the need to ensure the safety of all individuals involved.