article: Martin’s got the moves . Germany’s Martin Kaymer got in the spirit after his country’s World Cup win. Asked to sign an inflatable golf ball by a youngster, he dazzled a small crowd with his keepy-uppy skills, signed the ball then volleyed it back to the fan. Deutschland Uber Alles: Germany's Martin Kaymer showed off his football skills on Monday . Reed playing it safe . Rising American star Patrick Reed has good memories of the Wirral, having won the 2006 Junior Open at Heswall. Despite the scorching heat that summer, Reed played in his lucky waterproofs. He was wearing them again on Monday. Lean machine Clarke . The . Open lardy ranks have been depleted by the loss of Darren Clarke, who . is at least three stone lighter than at Muirfield in 2013. The Northern . Irishman has cut the carbs in his diet and been on a strict gym regime . for six months. Shedding the pounds: Ulsterman Clarke has lost three stone in the last year . Rose makes the top three . Golf rankings are calculated using finishes over the previous two years, and so change at a snail’s pace. Justin Rose’s leap from six to three on Monday was a rapid rise by the standards of the index. Bubba Watson, Matt Kuchar and Jason Day were pushed below him as a result. The Open sticks to its roots . Whatever happens in Scotland’s independence referendum this year, it will not affect future allocations of Open venues. ‘The Open is golf’s most international major and will remain that way,’ said R&A spokesman Malcolm Booth. Three of the next four Opens will be in Scotland. Slipping down: Bubba Watson has suffered from Justin Rose's rise up the rankings . VIDEO Don't give up on Tiger - Watson . O’Meara out, Fisher in . Absent Americans are often a feature of The Open. Mark O’Meara withdrew this week, giving England’s Ross Fisher a spot. The 1998 winner has an elbow injury, while Steve Stricker is reducing his schedule and Charles Howell cited a ‘personal family situation’.
highlights: Martin Kaymer shows off his keepy-uppy skills in practice round . 2011 champion Darren Clarke has lost three stone in a year . Ross Fisher has replaced injured Mark O'Meara in the draw .
id: cbbc28a1ebff9f31c2a93c1cb38461b97a7068e3
chatgpt: Martin Kaymer, former world number one golfer, left the crowds stunned during a practice round at The Open Championship on Tuesday. The German player showcased impressive keepy-uppy skills with his golf ball, displaying incredible balance and control. The 35-year-old is a two-time major winner, having triumphed at both the 2010 PGA Championship and the 2014 US Open. He will be hoping to add another major title to his name this week at Royal St George's Golf Club. Meanwhile, 2011 Open Champion Darren Clarke has undergone an incredible weight loss transformation over the past year. The Northern Irishman has lost a staggering three stone, attributing his success to a healthy lifestyle and regular exercise. Clarke, who famously smoked cigarettes on the course during his victorious campaign at Royal St George's 10 years ago, has turned his life around and now follows a strict fitness regime. The 52-year-old believes his newfound fitness and focus will help him compete at the highest level once again. In other news, Ross Fisher has stepped up to replace the injured Mark O'Meara in the draw. The Englishman, who has four European Tour victories to his name, will be hoping to make the most of this opportunity and put his name up in lights. With the likes of Jon Rahm, Brooks Koepka, and Rory McIlroy all in contention for the prestigious title, Fisher will need to be at the top of his game if he is to emerge victorious. The Open Championship is widely regarded as one of the biggest events in golf, attracting the world's best players and millions of viewers worldwide. The tournament has a rich and storied history, with some of the game's greatest ever players having triumphed at the event. The likes of Tiger Woods, Jack Nicklaus, and Arnold Palmer have all lifted the coveted Claret Jug, and this year's tournament promises to be just as exciting. As the players prepare to tee off, excitement is building for what promises to be an unforgettable week of golf. With Martin Kaymer's impressive skills, Darren Clarke's inspiring weight loss journey, and Ross Fisher's chance to shine, there are sure to be plenty of storylines to follow. Fans around the world will be tuning in to see who can etch their name into the history books and claim this year's Open Championship title.