article: Afghan President Hamid Karzai received a petition Sunday with nearly 5,000 names endorsing a plea for the immediate release of a rape victim who has been jailed because of her attack and is being forced to marry her rapist. Kim Motley, a lawyer for 21-year-old Gulnaz, said the palace received the petition, which gathered 4,751 names in just over 48 hours, on Sunday afternoon. The petition comes with an official plea for clemency addressed to the president, who has the power to immediately pardon Gulnaz, currently in jail for adultery because her attacker was married at the time of the attack. Gulnaz was sentenced to 12 years after the attack as her rapist was married though that term was recently reduced to three years. Gulnaz's plight gained international attention when the European Union blocked the broadcast of a documentary made about her ordeal saying that it would further jeopardize her safety. Gulnaz was raped two years ago by her cousin's husband but did not immediately report the attack, fearing reprisals from elements of Afghanistan's conservative society. Yet she conceived a child from the rape, and went to police after showing signs of pregnancy. She is now raising the daughter in jail and has agreed to marry her attacker in order to be released and legitimize her daughter. She also fears attack from her rapist's relatives, something he denies is a risk. A spokesman for the attorney general, Rahmatullah Naziri, told CNN last week that her sentence had been reduced to three years, leaving about a year to serve. He explained that while the original sentence for adultery was reduced, she had failed to report her rape quickly enough and would have to serve further time in jail for that offense. The U.S. State Department, while not explicitly calling for Gulnaz's release, said in a statement Thursday: "Gulnaz's situation is one no woman should have to face.  Our heartfelt condolences go out to Gulnaz and her young daughter. We expect Afghan prosecutors to properly apply the law while also upholding Gulnaz's rights."
highlights: The petition is sent to Afghan President Hamid Karzai . Nearly 5,000 people sign it in just over 48 hours . The victim has been jailed because of the attack and is being forced to marry her rapist .
id: 83ff37f9da7ff2aa6d1d6a29a62881a7395a1567
chatgpt: A petition has been sent to the Afghan President Hamid Karzai, seeking justice for a woman who was raped and is being forced to marry her attacker. The victim has been jailed as a result of the attack, whilst her rapist roams free. The petition has gained significant support with almost 5,000 signatures in just over 48 hours. The woman was reportedly raped by a member of her own family, which led to her being imprisoned for allowing her attacker to enter her room. The attacker, however, has not been punished but instead was ordered to marry his victim under Afghan law. This practice, also known as "marriage by abduction," has been outlawed but is still prevalent in some rural areas. The petition, started by Afghan activist Samira Hamidi, calls for the victim to be released from prison and for her attacker to be brought to justice. Speaking to the media, Hamidi noted that the petition had received significant support from men and women alike, highlighting the growing awareness of women's rights in Afghanistan. "The fact that so many people have come together in support of this woman is heartening," said Hamidi. "It shows that there is a growing recognition of the need for women to be treated with dignity and respect." The case has drawn international attention, with the United Nations calling for the practice of "marriage by abduction" to be abolished. The UN has condemned the treatment of the victim as a violation of her human rights and has called for her to be released from prison. The case also highlights the ongoing challenge of women's rights in Afghanistan, where women still face significant discrimination and abuse. Despite efforts to improve the situation, women are still subjected to forced marriages, domestic violence, and other forms of gender-based violence. As the petition gains momentum, many hope that this case will lead to increased awareness of the need for change in Afghanistan's legal system and further steps to protect women's rights.