article: Huge plant pots have been branded a danger to both drivers and pedestrians after they were dumped on a busy road by a council in an attempt to slow down traffic. Brighton and Hove City Council installed the four large planters on Viaduct Road in Brighton, East Sussex, after some residents raised concerns that cars were travelling too fast. But the move has sparked anger from residents who claim the new additions to their street cause cars to violently swerve  to avoid the plant pots. Scroll down for video . The huge plant pots (pictured) have been branded a danger to drivers and pedestrians after Brighton and Hove City Council took the unusual step of installing them on a busy road in a bid to slow down traffic . Chris Morford, who uses the road on his daily commute, said: 'These planters are a danger, causing cars to swerve. 'If there is a speed issue let us have details of the number of complaints. 'If there is a realistic number then enforce the 20mph speed limit.' A report presented to London Road Local Action Team said the road was used by 11,200 vehicles per day - and more than half were driving at over 30mph. The four large black planters have been strategically placed along Viaduct Road in Brighton, East Sussex . Brighton and Hove City councillor Ken Norman said the planters were a 'crazy and very dangerous addition to this heavily used road.' Businesswoman Sue Addis, who uses the road every day, said: 'It's just ridiculous. There's not enough room for two cars anyway. 'Will they be planted up with palm trees to make the entrance to our city more attractive with a tropical feel? 'Or is it a new game of swerve and bump to keep us all going at 20 miles an hour?' The council said the measures were experimental and there were currently no plans for permanent plant pots to be installed. They were installed after some residents raised concerns that cars were travelling too fast on the busy road . Brighton and Hove City Council's road safety manager, Martin Heath, added: 'Further softening of the traffic environment through planting can create strong visual clues about the residential nature of the street. 'Following some local public utility work last weekend, which resulted in the closure of a traffic lane, we took the opportunity to introduce some planters. 'The aim was to determine the impact that such measures might have on speeds, again to inform decisions about measures later on. 'At this stage, other than an objective to reduce excessive traffic speeds, there are no specific plans for any types of measures. 'The feedback we receive from the London Road Local Action Team and other stakeholders will be used as a basis for developing options.' Brighton and Hove City Council says there are no plans for permanent plant pots to be installed at this time .
highlights: Brighton and Hove City Council installed huge plant pots on busy street . They dumped the pots on the 20mph city centre road to slow down traffic . But residents have branded the move 'ridiculous' and 'very dangerous' They claim drivers are forced to 'swerve and bump' to avoid the pots . Council says there are no plans for permanent plant pots to be installed .
id: a1e5b3f42c55b479e5ad6ee2efd4fce4f107d220
chatgpt: Brighton and Hove City Council's decision to install large plant pots on a busy city centre road has been met with criticism from local residents. The aim was to slow down traffic in the area by creating a physical barrier to vehicles using the road as a 'rat run'. However, these pots have caused more inconvenience than intended. Residents have voiced their concerns, stating that the plant pots are "ridiculous" and "very dangerous." According to them, drivers are forced to "swerve and bump" to avoid the pots when there is heavy traffic. The pots have made it difficult for drivers to manoeuvre the road safely and have caused a number of bumps and scrapes to cars. The plant pots have been placed on the 20mph city centre road, which is known for being heavily congested during rush hour. The council's plan was to create a safer environment for pedestrians and cyclists. However, this has not been achieved, as the plant pots have caused a lot of disruption to the traffic flow. The residents' concern is genuine, as the plant pots make it difficult to navigate the already busy road. Drivers find it difficult to switch lanes or avoid the pots safely, making it a nightmare for those who wish to traverse the area with ease. Although the council has stated that there are no plans for permanent plant pots to be installed, the residents are hoping for a solution to solve the ongoing issues quickly. Local businesses have also expressed their concern over the placement of the plant pots. They have reported a decrease in customers visiting their shops due to the difficulty in parking or driving to their premises, which has caused a decline in revenue for these businesses. The council's move to install plant pots may have been well-intentioned, but its implementation has been flawed. It is clear that the planners did not take into account the practical implications of dumping large plant pots on the busy road. The residents are urging the council to consider alternative solutions that will address the traffic issues without creating more problems. As the council's experiment continues to create problems rather than solutions, the city residents hope for a comprehensive plan that will keep them safe and will not cause unnecessary trouble. A well-designed traffic management plan could help tackle the traffic congestion problem in the area and improve traffic flow while ensuring the safety of everyone involved.  It is now up to the council to prove to the residents that it is willing to work with them and create a better plan that doesn't endanger their lives. Until then, the residents are left to grapple with the chaotic traffic and the dangerous plant pots that have made navigating the busy road a nightmare.