article: A chief constable who bears an uncanny resemblance to actor James Nesbitt keeps being mistaken for the Irish star, who is currently playing a police commissioner in a new TV series. Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer of Devon and Cornwall Police has been compared to the star of the 'Cold Feet' and 'Missing' after it was pointed out how much the pair look-a-like. It comes as Mr Nesbitt is currently playing the part of Richard Miller, a police commissioner in the Channel 4 series Babylon. Scroll down for video . Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer, left, who has been compared to the Irish actor James Nesbitt, right, who plays a police commissioner in TV series Babylon . The similarities were pointed out after the commander of the Devon and Cornwall force posted a photo of himself on Twitter for a question and answer session. One Twitter user quipped: 'At first glance I thought it was James Nesbitt! :-)' While another user, Pete Best added: 'That's 'Cold Feet' not 'Flat Feet' #joke #honest.' But Chief Constable Sawyer, who is in charge of the country's fifth largest force quickly tweeted back, saying 'If only I had his money!' And a picture posted on Facebook of Mr Sawyer by the Devon and Cornwall Police and Crime Commissioner Tony Hogg, also saw people point out how similar the two men look. Facebook user Peter Sinclair wrote under the picture: 'James Nesbitt moonlighting!' Chief Constable Sawyer grew up on a council estate in Croydon, south London and spent 20 years in the Metropolitan Police. While at Scotland Yard he led the 1999 investigation into the Ladbroke Grove Rail Disaster and also served as the head of counter-terrorism. Mr Nesbitt, 49, has played a number of TV policeman during his career including Tommy Murphy in Murphy's Law and Police Commissioner Richard Miller in Babylon, pictured . He moved to West Country in January 2013 when he was appointed chief constable of Devon and Cornwall Police. His actor look-a-like Mr Nesbitt, 49 has played a number of TV policeman including Tommy Murphy in Murphy's Law before landing his latest role in Babylon. Devon and Cornwall Police declined to comment.
highlights: Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer posted a picture of himself on Twitter . Users were quick to point out how much he looked like actor James Nesbitt . The actor is currently starring as a police commissioner in new series Babylon .
id: ebce00ab62a591ccb184be8738d735a016d8788a
chatgpt: Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer is making headlines after posting a picture of himself on Twitter that garnered quite a bit of attention. Users were quick to point out the striking resemblance he has to actor James Nesbitt. Nesbitt is currently starring in the new series Babylon as a police commissioner, which only adds to the noteworthy similarities between the two men. Sawyer's tweet showed him in uniform with the caption, "Driving to work early, nervous about the day ahead." While intended to be a simple update on his day, the post quickly went viral as users began to weigh in on the resemblance between Sawyer and Nesbitt. Some joked that the Chief Constable had "gone undercover" on the set of Babylon, while others marveled at how much the two men truly looked alike. Sawyer himself seemed to find the comparison amusing, responding to one Twitter user with a winking emoji and the message, "Separated at birth, maybe?" He also retweeted a post from a local newspaper that ran a side-by-side comparison of the two men's headshots. The attention garnered by Sawyer's tweet raises an important question about representation in the media. With Nesbitt playing a police commissioner on screen, the public has grown accustomed to this particular image of law enforcement. Sawyer's resemblance to the actor challenges that image, and perhaps signals a change in the way that we think about those who serve in uniform. Of course, the similarities between the two men are purely physical, and it's important not to read too much into a single tweet. That said, Sawyer's willingness to engage with the public on social media is indicative of a broader trend of law enforcement officials using the platform to connect with their communities. By sharing glimpses of their lives online, these men and women put a human face on what can sometimes be perceived as an intimidating and aloof institution. Overall, it remains to be seen what will come of Sawyer's newfound fame on social media. For now, however, it's clear that the resemblance between him and James Nesbitt has captured the attention of the internet–even if it's just for a moment.