article: By . Freya Noble . and Aap . Police have identified Scott Allen Miller, 42, as a suspect in the murder of a woman found on Saturday morning in Melbourne . Police in Victoria have released a photo of a man they believe may be involved in the murder of a Melbourne woman whose body was found on Saturday. The naked body of the woman, who is yet to be formally identified, was discovered by a jogger near the Royal Botanic Gardens in Southbank about 8.30am. Officers say 42-year-old homeless man Scott Allen Miller is a suspect in the death of the Chinese woman, found in the gardens near where Miller had reportedly been sleeping. The homicide squad's Sergeant Nathan Favre said the woman was aged in her 30s and worked in hospitality. It is believed she was on her way to work when she was assaulted. 'We can't rule out sexual assault as the motivation for this offence,' Det Sgt Favre told AAP. He said police wanted to speak to Miller about several items found at the crime scene. Miller has been sleeping on the streets of the city for at least six weeks and is known to police in other states, although not for violence related matters. Detective Sergeant Favre said detectives believed Miller may still be in Melbourne, and anyone who sees him should contact police and not approach him. The woman's naked body was discovered in the Royal Botanic Gardens in Southbank . 'Police are working tirelessly to solve this crime,' he said. 'We ask that members of the public not be alarmed but certainly be vigilant.' A statement released by Victoria Police said 'investigators seized a number of items at the scene and believe Scott may be able to assist police with their investigation. ' Anyone with information about the death is urged to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or visit www.crimestoppersvic.com.au.
highlights: The naked body of an unidentified Chinese woman was found by a jogger on Saturday . Police have named Scott Allen Miller as a suspect in the murder . Her body was found near the Royal Botanic Gardens in Southbank, Victoria . Miller is reportedly wanted for non-violent crimes in other states .
id: 1718617dc1c4b5430c499c1bed77d956b1cb7382
chatgpt: On a beautiful Saturday morning, a jogger stumbled upon a gruesome sight near the Royal Botanic Gardens in Southbank, Victoria. The naked body of a Chinese woman, whose identity is yet to be established, was discovered. The authorities were immediately notified, and an investigation was launched. As the investigation progressed, the police announced Scott Allen Miller as a suspect in the murder case. Miller, who has reportedly committed non-violent crimes in other states, and his whereabouts are unknown at the moment. The Victoria Police Department has released a statement, urging anyone with any information about Miller's whereabouts to come forward. They have also emphasized that Miller might be armed and dangerous, and the public is warned not to approach him and instead contact the authorities immediately. The police are yet to determine the cause of death, but they have confirmed that the woman was murdered. The investigation team is digging deep into the incident, and they have appealed to the public for any details that could assist them in solving the case. This incident has left the community in shock and fear, with many residents worrying about the safety of the area. Police say they are doing their best to protect citizens and will continue to do so. The victim's family is yet to be informed of the tragic incident, and the identity of the woman will not be made public until they are informed. The police have said that it is a sensitive matter, and respecting the privacy of the family is of utmost importance. As the investigation intensifies, the police are seeking the community's cooperation and encourage anyone with information to come forward. The public is also urged to remain calm and vigilant during these tough times.