article: New York (CNN) -- New York City already had the highest cigarette taxes in the nation, and a new state law that went in to effect Thursday pushed the price of smoking even higher. The state legislature on Monday approved a bill adding an additional state tax of $1.60 to every pack. The bill, which was signed into law by Gov. David Paterson, raised the state tax to a total of $4.35 per pack. New York City smokers pay an additional municipal tax of $1.50 per  pack,  so the new tax increase  means that smokers in the city will pay $5.85  per pack  in taxes. That drives the average local retail price up  to nearly $11 per  pack, according to some estimates. And it makes for  the highest state-local tax whammy on tobacco in the country,  according to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. Chicago is  the runner-up at $3.66 per pack in taxes, according to the organization. "I am about to quit because it's getting ridiculous -- who can afford this?" Coney Island resident Louis Torres, 24, said in response to Thursday's new per-pack price tag. And that's just the kind of response anti-tobacco groups are hoping for. But for some New Yorkers, the elevated prices are not as important. When asked whether he would continue to buy cigarettes Jason Mallor, 40, said, "Probably. We're all puppets here." He said he has been smoking for 20 years. Carrie Thompson, 28, reacted to the new price tag by saying, "I should quit now ... I get that cigarettes are bad. I don't understand why they are so expensive here, we're in the most expensive city." The tax hike is aimed at generating an additional $440 million in 2010-2011 tax revenue to support health care programs. David Sutton, a spokesman for Altria Group, parent company for tobacco company Philip Morris, said he was "extremely disappointed" with the increase that makes New York's cigarette tax "far and away the highest in the nation." "This huge tax increase will make the present contraband cigarette crisis in New York State much worse," he said in a recent e-mail to CNNMoney.com. "And it will likely not raise the revenue projected, as it will provide even greater incentives for consumers to purchase contraband cigarettes to avoid paying these extremely high taxes and will cause further loss of business to New York retailers selling state-taxed cigarettes." -- CNN's Monika Plocienniczak contributed to this report.
highlights: New state law adds additional tax $1.60 per pack to existing state tax . New York City also has tax of $1.50 per pack . Smokers in the city now paying $5.85 per pack in state and local taxes . State hopes to raise revenue; tobacco industry fears price hike will drive smokers to black market .
id: 4a6fecc9c773e7c167efeabce18d207a5ed07970
chatgpt: New York State has approved a new law that imposes a $1.60 per pack tax on cigarettes, in addition to the existing state tax. The move is expected to generate an additional $85 million in revenue for the state. The state's largest city, New York City, already had a tax of $1.50 per pack, which means that smokers in the city will now be paying a total of $5.85 per pack in state and local taxes. This new tax will put New York among the states with the highest cigarette taxes in the country. However, the tobacco industry is concerned that the price hike may push smokers to the black market for cigarettes, thereby reducing legal sales and overall tax revenue. The new tax is part of the budget passed by the state legislature that aims to address a $4 billion deficit. The additional revenue generated from the tax will be used to fund health care programs, including the state's newly launched public health care plan. Supporters of the new law argue that it not only increases revenue, but also encourages people to quit smoking or not start in the first place. They also point to studies that show that higher cigarette taxes lead to reduced smoking rates. The tobacco industry, on the other hand, argues that higher taxes disproportionately affect low-income individuals, who are more likely to be smokers. They also argue that the tax will encourage the sale of counterfeit and untaxed cigarettes, which could lead to an increase in crime. The American Cancer Society supports the new tax, stating that it will save lives and reduce health care costs associated with smoking-related illnesses. They also argue that the tax will help to deter youth from starting to smoke, as higher prices make cigarettes less affordable. However, critics argue that the tax will not be effective in reducing smoking rates, as people may simply drive to neighboring states with lower taxes to buy cigarettes. They also argue that the tax is unfair to smokers who are addicted to nicotine and cannot quit easily. Despite the concerns of the tobacco industry, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo is confident that the tax will help to balance the state's budget and improve public health. He said, "The tobacco tax increase is a win-win. It will help save lives by reducing smoking and generate much-needed revenue for New York state." The new tax is set to take effect immediately and is expected to generate a significant amount of revenue for the state. However, only time will tell whether or not it will effectively reduce smoking rates and deter people from buying illegal cigarettes.