article: Martin Luther King Day may be a national holiday to mark the civil rights leader’s birthday, but to Sarah Palin it was simply too good an opportunity to let pass without taking a swipe at President Obama. The former vice presidential nominee used her Facebook and Twitter accounts to post the short message which first invoked King's famous I Have A Dream speech before she added a short message asking the president stop playing the race card. ‘Mr. President, in honor of Martin Luther King Jr. and all who commit to ending any racial divide, no more playing the race card,’ wrote Palin. Sarah Palin couldn't resist letting Monday's Martin Luther King holiday pass without using it as an opportunity to take another swipe at President Obama . On Facebook, Palin's post has been liked more than 22,000 times, been shared more than 3,800 times and received more than 1,670 comments . Her post also included a photo of the stone in front of the . steps leading to the Lincoln Memorial that mark the spot where King . addressed the March On Washington in 1963. The former Alaska governor turned political commentator and reality TV star, didn’t specify exactly how she thinks Obama is ‘playing the race card,’ but her controversial post comes just days after The New Yorker published an interview with the president. In the article, which appears in the Jan 27 issue, Obama made reference to his current standing with white voters. ‘There's no doubt that there's some folks who just really dislike me because they don't like the idea of a black president,’ he said. Palin's post also included a photo of the stone in front of the steps leading to the Lincoln Memorial that mark the spot where King addressed the March On Washington in 1963 . ‘Now, the flip side of it is there are some black folks and maybe some white folks who really like me and give me the benefit of the doubt precisely because I’m a black president.’ On Facebook, Palin's post has been liked more than 22,000 times, been shared more than 3,800 times and received more than 1,670 comments. Those comments cover a broad range of opinions from people who say they share her opinion to those who write that she is 'an embarrassment to white people everywhere.' Obama won his second term in 2012 with an estimated 39 percent of the white vote, down from 43 percent of white voters in the 2008 election. Four years earlier Democrat nominee John Kerry received 41 percent of the white vote. Palin's post is thought to be a reaction to President Obama's recent interview with The New Yorker in which he made reference to his current low standing with white voters .
highlights: Palin couldn't resist letting Monday's MLK holiday pass without using it as an opportunity to take a swipe at President Obama . Using her social media accounts she posted a message asking Obama to stop 'playing the race card' She didn't get specific but her controversial post . comes just days after The New Yorker published an interview with the . president . 'There's no doubt that there's some . folks who just really dislike me because they don't like the idea of a . black president,' he said .
id: 7202a79d118161ed38985d571ddfa3c74caad147
chatgpt: Former Alaska governor and Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin used Monday's holiday honoring Martin Luther King Jr. to take a swipe at President Obama. She took to her social media accounts to post a message asking Obama to stop "playing the race card." Palin's post didn't get specific, but it comes just days after The New Yorker published an interview with the president. When asked about his critics, Obama said, "There's no doubt that there's some folks who just really dislike me because they don't like the idea of a black president." Palin's post immediately triggered criticism from both sides of the political aisle. Some accused her of trying to stoke racial tensions, while others saw it as a blatant attempt to stay in the public eye. "Sarah Palin's message on Martin Luther King Jr. Day was not one of hope, it was one of division," said Democratic strategist David Axelrod. "It's unfortunate that someone who once ran for vice president on a platform of unity and patriotism would stoop to this level of political opportunism." On the conservative side, Palin's post was praised by some as a courageous stand against political correctness. "It takes a lot of guts to say what Sarah Palin said, especially when you consider how politically correct everything is these days," said conservative commentator Ann Coulter. Despite the controversy, Palin didn't back down. In fact, she posted several follow-up messages explaining her position. "I'm not a racist, and I'm not trying to stoke racial tensions," she wrote on her Facebook page. "I'm simply pointing out that Obama's policies have failed all Americans, regardless of their race. We need a president who will unite us, not divide us." Palin's post highlights the ongoing debate about race in America. While some argue that racism is still a major problem in this country, others say that the accusation of racism has been overused and misused in recent years, leading to a backlash from those who feel unfairly targeted. This debate has only intensified in recent months, as the Black Lives Matter movement has gained traction and police shootings of unarmed black men have sparked protests across the country. Some have accused the movement of being anti-police and overly focused on race, while others see it as a necessary response to systemic racism. As for Palin, her post is unlikely to win her any new fans or change any minds. But it does remind us of the deep divisions that still exist in our country, and the need to find common ground if we want to move forward as a nation.