article: An American sentenced in North Korea ripped up his visa so he could go to prison and expose human rights violations there, state media said Saturday. Matthew Todd Miller was convicted of committing "acts hostile" to North Korea and sentenced to six years of hard labor last week. Saturday's report in the state-run Korean Central News Agency boldly heaped blame on Miller, claiming his acts were a preconceived plan to gain notoriety. The 24-year-old from Bakersfield, California, arrived in North Korea as a tourist in April. After his arrival, he tore his visa at  Pyongyang's airport and  shouted his desire to seek asylum, according to KCNA. 'Rudely behaved' State media described him as "rudely behaved," saying he was sent to infiltrate prison as part of a United States campaign against  North Korea. "He perpetrated the above-said acts in the hope of becoming a world famous guy and the second Snowden through intentional hooliganism," state media said. Edward Snowden got asylum from Russia, where he fled last year after leaking classified U.S. government  documents. Once sentenced, Miller hoped to meet  Kenneth Bae, another American detained in North Korea. He planned to secure Bae's release so both can serve as "witnesses" to the human rights violations in the nation, state media said. "The crime committed by Miller Matthew Todd was prompted by his sinister political aim to deliberately slander the DPRK," it said. DPRK refers to North Korea's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Its government is a communist dictatorship renowned for human rights abuses. Washington demands release . The  U.S. State Department has demanded that North Korea release Miller and Bae, and American Jeffrey Fowle. Fowle, 56, was arrested in June while traveling as a tourist. Bae, who was detained in 2012, has been accused of planning to bring down the government through religious activities. He was moved from a hospital to a labor camp. Miller talks to CNN . Earlier this month, Miller told CNN's Will Ripley that he "prepared to violate the law of DPRK before coming here. And I deliberately committed my crime." But Miller didn't elaborate on what his "crime" was. He said he wouldn't learn of his charges until he went to trial. It's unclear whether his statements were made freely or under coercion. First stop was South Korea . Miller's family lives in Bakersfield, and he is a 2008 graduate of Bakersfield High School, according to CNN affiliate KBAK. In a July interview, a neighbor told The Associated Press that Miller went to South Korea about four years ago to visit his brother and started teaching English. He traveled to North Korea this year after arranging a private tour through the U.S.-based company Uri Tours, which takes tourists into North Korea. Uri Tours has said it doesn't have "any understanding of why" Miller ripped up his visa. The company offers tours despite U.S. State Department warnings about arbitrary arrest and detention in North Korea.
highlights: State media: Matthew Todd Miller wanted to become "a world famous guy" After his arrival, he tore his visa, it says . He also shouted his desire to seek asylum, according to state-run KCNA .
id: c1c3056fbe3301fe6e258a852084657652efbbf5
chatgpt: According to state media, American Matthew Todd Miller was detained in North Korea after allegedly attempting to seek asylum in the country. The case is the latest in a series of incidents that has strained diplomatic relations between the United States and North Korea. Miller, who arrived in North Korea in April, is accused of tearing up his visa and shouting that he wanted to seek asylum. According to state-run KCNA, Miller reportedly said he wanted to become "a world famous guy". The incident has been widely reported in the international media, with many questioning Miller's motives for traveling to North Korea. Some have speculated that he may have been involved in espionage activities, while others have suggested that he may have been seeking adventure or trying to make a political statement. The US State Department has acknowledged Miller’s detention and has urged the North Korean government to release him. However, North Korea has given no indication that it plans to do so. The incident is just the latest in a long line of incidents that has strained relations between the United States and North Korea. Last year, North Korea detained another American, Merrill Newman, who was visiting the country as a tourist. Newman was eventually released following intense diplomatic efforts by the US government. In response to Miller's detention, the US government has issued a travel warning advising American citizens against traveling to North Korea. The warning states that US citizens are at risk of arbitrary detention and that the North Korean legal system does not provide adequate protection for American citizens. The incident has also sparked concern from human rights groups and activists, who have criticized North Korea's treatment of detainees. North Korea has been widely criticized for its poor human rights record, with many accusing the country of operating a vast network of prison camps and routinely torturing and executing political prisoners. Despite these criticisms, North Korea has consistently maintained that its legal system is fair and transparent. The country has also denied the existence of its prison camps, despite satellite imagery and testimonies from former detainees suggesting otherwise. Miller's case has raised new questions about the role of American citizens in North Korea and the risks associated with traveling to the country. Many have criticized the US government for not doing enough to protect its citizens from the risk of detention in North Korea. As the diplomatic standoff between the United States and North Korea continues, the fate of Matthew Todd Miller remains uncertain. While North Korea has given no indication that it plans to release him, the United States is likely to continue to press for his release and raise concerns about the country's human rights record.