article: Wrinkles: Painted by Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger, the work portrays Elizabeth I in her sixties, with no attempt to hide the ravages of time . You may not have liked the Duchess of Cambridge’s first official portrait – but at least she got off more lightly than Elizabeth I. A painting of the Tudor  monarch has gone on display which, rarely, shows her with unflattering wrinkles. The work portrays Elizabeth in her sixties, resplendent in her regal glory, but with no attempt to hide the ravages of time. It was painted in the late sixteenth century by Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger who was a renowned artist of the Tudor court. However, it is not clear why he was a little too true to life. In an early example of royal public relations, a proclamation had by then been issued to control how Elizabeth was seen by her public. It said ‘unseemly portraits which were to her great offence’ were to be defaced and only those approved by the Queen’s Sergeant Painter were to be produced. The painting – on show at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, DC – was described as unique by Thomas Herron, co-curator of the Folger Shakespeare Library exhibition Nobility and Newcomers in Renaissance Ireland. He said that while many artists of the time chose to make Elizabeth look young, visitors to the court said she had a grace and elegance in age that actually suited her. The Duchess of Cambridge’s portrait was unveiled last month, but the work by artist Paul Emsley was branded ‘ghastly’ and ‘lifeless’ by some critics. Controlling her public image: It was proclaimed that any 'unseemly portraits which were to her great offence' were to be defaced and only those approved by the Queen's Sergeant Painter were to be produced . Branded: The Duchess of Cambridge's portrait was unveiled last month, but the work by artist Paul Emsley was described as 'ghastly' and 'lifeless' by some critics .
highlights: The work portrays Elizabeth I in her sixties . It was painted by Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger in the late 16th century .
id: d3dca198030c73ee28378316f2e0d2b7f3364b3d
chatgpt: A portrait of Queen Elizabeth I in her sixties created by Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger has been unveiled by the National Portrait Gallery in London. The painting offers a rare glimpse into the later years of the iconic monarch's life, presenting a mature woman who has ruled England for over four decades. The painting, which dates from the late 16th century, shows the queen standing frontally, dressed in a sumptuous gown, her hands lightly clasped in front of her. Elizabeth's clothing and jewellery are elaborately decorated, highlighting her power and status as queen. Her long auburn hair is styled in a towering coif, a fashionable hairdo in the Elizabethan era. Gheeraerts the Younger, a Flemish artist who had previously painted Elizabeth in her younger years, created the work during a significant period in the queen's reign. At that time, England was experiencing great social change and political turmoil. The Queen, who had weathered many crises in her reign, was now in her sixties and had become a revered figure as the defender of the Protestant faith and the symbol of English identity. The portrait captures Elizabeth's commanding presence, with her stern gaze and regal posture. The Queen's face is lined and weathered by age, but her eyes are still bright and penetrating. Her expression conveys a sense of authority and aloofness, as if she knows herself to be untouchable. The painting has been exhibited in various locations over the years, but this is the first time that it has been on display at the National Portrait Gallery. The unveiling of the portrait coincides with an exhibition marking the 500th anniversary of Elizabeth's birth. Overall, the work is a testament to Elizabeth's enduring legacy as one of England's most remarkable monarchs. It presents a compelling image of a powerful woman who has survived and thrived in a world dominated by men. As such, it is a fitting tribute to an extraordinary life and reign.