article: Internet provider TalkTalk is to become the latest to block pornographic websites by default in an attempt to protect children. Any customer who has so far ignored online prompts from the company will find adult material automatically filtered under a scheme being rolled out next month. The move follows Sky’s decision to install a family-friendly filter unless households specifically ask for it to be turned off. Pressure was last night building on BT and Virgin Media to introduce similar safeguards to reduce the risk of children accessing hardcore images or videos. Internet provider TalkTalk is to become the latest to block pornographic websites by default in an attempt to protect children (stock image) ressure was last night building on BT and Virgin Media to introduce similar safeguards to reduce the risk of children accessing hardcore images or videos . Child safety experts said there was no excuse for the two companies, who between them have almost 15million customers, not to follow suit. The latest move is another victory for the Daily Mail which has campaigned for an automatic block on online porn. David Cameron has called on all internet companies to do more to protect children from the ‘devastating’ impact of accessing pornography. New customers signing up to TalkTalk have its HomeSafe filter turned on by default. The group has also contacted the majority of its 4million broadband customers requiring them to choose whether to activate the filter – with the ‘on’ setting pre-selected. But parents who have not visited the TalkTalk website will not have received the prompt, meaning it is possible their children could still see inappropriate material on the internet. Next month the company will roll out technology that targets customers who have not already opted to prohibit or allow adult content. Anyone attempting to access a pornographic website will be told it is blocked, and required to log in with an adult’s details in order to turn off the filter. All TalkTalk customers will be asked every 12 months to re-affirm their decision to allow or block adult websites; pictured above is the company's chief executive Dido Harding . TalkTalk chief executive Dido Harding said: ‘Our HomeSafe technology is free for all our customers and lets them filter out categories of inappropriate content such as pornography, violence and gambling.’ All TalkTalk customers will be asked every 12 months to re-affirm their decision to allow or block adult websites. Child safety campaigners welcomed the move and called on BT and Virgin to implement similar measures. Simon Bass, chief executive of the Churches’ Child Protection Advisory Service, said: ‘There can be no excuse now.’ A BT spokesman said that by the end of this month it will have contacted all its existing customers requiring them to choose if they want to turn on its free parental controls. A Virgin Media spokesman said: ‘Our customers are able to use the free tools and expert advice we offer but it is for individuals to choose what is right for them.’
highlights: New customers to TalkTalk will have the filter turned on by default . Anyone who has ignored their prompts will have adult material blocked . The move follows a decision by Sky to install family-friendly filters . Pressure is mounting on BT and Virgin Media to introduce safeguards .
id: 22919e0a5ad2ac3e98bd4705777d5c79fea8b0cb
chatgpt: TalkTalk, the UK-based telecoms company, has announced that it will be turning on web filters by default for new customers. The move is aimed at blocking adult material by default, and follows a similar decision by Sky. The move by TalkTalk came as pressure mounted on other UK telecoms companies, notably BT and Virgin Media, to introduce similar safeguards. TalkTalk customers who have previously ignored prompts to activate web filters will also have the feature activated by default. The company stated that the measures were part of its ongoing commitment to keeping customers safe online. In a statement, TalkTalk said that “we want to make sure our customers are protected from inappropriate and harmful content, whilst still enabling them to enjoy everything the internet has to offer.” Simon Watson, TalkTalk’s CEO said that the company was “keen to lead the way when it comes to online safety,” and pointed to research that showed that a majority of TalkTalk’s customers supported the move. The company’s decision to implement automatic filters followed a similar decision by Sky, which announced that it would be turning on family-friendly filters for all new customers earlier this year. The move by TalkTalk and Sky comes amid growing concerns about the impact of the internet on children, and in particular about the availability of adult material. A recent survey conducted by the charity Internet Matters found that 59% of parents felt that they were not equipped to protect their children from online content. In response to these concerns, the UK government has called on internet service providers to introduce web filters to protect children from adult content. The providers were given a deadline of the end of 2014, and some have already begun to implement the measures. However, others have been slower to act, which has led to renewed calls for action. Of particular concern to many parents is the ability of children to access adult content via mobile devices. In response to this, TalkTalk has also introduced a separate mobile filter, which aims to block inappropriate content when accessed via a mobile network. The company has stated that it will also introduce an app in the near future that will allow parents to manage their children’s access to online content. TalkTalk’s decision to turn on web filters by default has been welcomed by many campaigners, who see it as a positive step towards protecting children from harmful content. However, others have raised concerns about the potential impact on free speech, and have argued that web filters may not be effective in preventing access to adult material. Despite these criticisms, it seems likely that pressure will continue to mount on other UK telecoms companies to introduce similar safeguards. The UK government has made it clear that it expects all ISPs to take action to protect children from inappropriate online content, and it seems likely that other providers will follow TalkTalk and Sky’s lead in the near future. Overall, the introduction of web filters by TalkTalk and Sky reflects growing concern about the impact of the internet on children, and highlights the need for action to protect young people from harmful and inappropriate content. While there are concerns about the impact on free speech, it is clear that something needs to be done to protect children from the dangers of the internet. The introduction of automatic web filters is a positive step towards achieving this goal.