article: By . Deni Kirkova . Coleen Rooney proudly shows off her curves in brand new model pictures of her swimwear collection for Littlewoods.com. Clad in a selection of plunging swimsuits, the mother-of-two, 27, flaunts her assets in an array of flattering designs for the tasteful shoot. Priced at around £30, the affordable poolside range features racy swimsuits and exotic coverups, appealing to all tastes. Scroll down for video . Coleen Rooeny models her new summer swimwear collection for Littlewoods.com . The range includes animal and graphic print two pieces with beaded embellishment. One bold red number has super-sexy Baywatch appeal with a plunging neckline. It also comes in black and features plaited piping detail. With sunbathers in mind, many of the items are halter-necked or stapless to prevent unsightly tan lines. Ever keen to diversify Coleen no . longer just does styles for women. As a mother to Kai, four, and Klay, . who will turn one in May, she's also begun creating a children's range . and nursery collection for Littlewoods. She said it continues to be a dream come for her to work as a fashion designer for the mail order store. She . writes on their website: 'Everyone knows I love fashion. I just adore . clothes and enjoy trying out new looks and styles so creating gorgeous . collections for Littlewoods is an absolute dream.' Coleen Fringe Detail Kimono, £35, features all-over animal print, fringed trims and oversized sleeves . One bold red number has super-sexy Baywatch appeal with a plunging neckline . On Wednesday WAG Coleen was beside the river Thames to help promote her swimwear range. At least the sun shone to add a summer vibe to the photoshoot for Littlewoods aboard a boat opposite the London Eye. Coleen wore a maroon and black stripe summer dress from the High Street store, who she has collaborated with as a designer since 2010. She was joined by a number of models who showcased bikinis and sarongs from her summer swimwear collection. Coleen Rooney presents her SS14 fashion and swimwear collection for Littlewoods.com by the Thames .
highlights: WAG Coleen, 27, shows off curves in poolside range . Features plunging swimsuits and exotic coverups from £30 .
id: 289ff861c3606652b01a5511f2559a4be274fbdf
chatgpt: Coleen Rooney, the wife of English footballer Wayne Rooney, has launched her new poolside range. The 27-year-old WAG showed off her incredible curves as she posed in the eye-catching swimsuits and exotic coverups from the collection. The poolside range features a range of plunging swimsuits and eye-catching coverups that are guaranteed to turn heads. With prices starting from just £30, it is an affordable way to add some glamour to your summer wardrobe. Coleen herself is no stranger to the world of fashion, having previously launched a number of successful clothing and accessory lines. Her latest collection is no exception and has been created with the modern, confident woman in mind. The collection features a wide range of styles, with everything from classic black one-pieces to bright and bold prints. The swimsuits are designed to flatter all body types, with strategic ruching and cut-out details that enhance and accentuate the natural curves of the body. In addition to the swimsuits, the collection also features a range of coverups that are perfect for relaxing by the pool or heading to the beach. From lightweight kaftans to flowing maxi dresses, there is something for everyone in this stunning range. Coleen is thrilled with the range and is excited to see women all over the world wearing her designs. "I have always been passionate about fashion and creating beautiful clothing that makes women feel confident and empowered," she said. "This collection is no exception and I am so proud of what we have created." The collection is available now, both online and in select stores across the UK. With its affordable prices and stunning designs, it is sure to be a hit with fashion-forward women everywhere. So why not follow Coleen's lead and add some glamour to your summer wardrobe today? With her poolside range, you are sure to make a statement wherever you go.