article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A man has been sentenced to life in prison for beating his girlfriend's two-year-old son to death. Ronald Dimambro Jr., from Washington Township, Michigan, was convicted in June of first-degree murder and first-degree child abuse for breaking Damian Sutton's skull in August last year. Before the sentencing on Thursday, Damian's distraught mother, Nicole, called her ex-boyfriend a 'demon' and an 'evil monster' for how he had treated her son, who died six days after he was beaten. 'Damian is getting his justice today,' she said as she held on to her son's blue blanket, the Detroit Free-Press reported. Locked up: Ronald Dimambro, pictured on Thursday, has been sentenced to life in prison for beating 2-year-old Damian Sutton, his then-girlfriend's son, to death last August while he was babysitting him . But 27-year-old Dimambro, who admitted in police interviews to shaking the child, insisted that he had never intended to kill the little boy, saying it was 'simply an accident'. 'This was not intentional,' he said before the sentencing. 'I wish he could come back.' Damian was being looked after by Dimambro when he was attacked on August 21. The boy suffered a blunt force trauma to his head and experts said the injuries were not accidental. He underwent brain surgery as doctors tried to reduce the swelling by removing part of his skull. Loss: Damian Sutton, pictured left and with his mother right, suffered blunt force trauma and was put in a medically-induced coma as doctors tried to stop the swelling on his brain. He died six days later . Devastated: Nicole Sutton called her former boyfriend 'an evil monster' for how he treated her toddler son . But his parents eventually decided to switch off his life support after six days. He died on August 27. When Dimambro had called 911, he initially told dispatchers that the two-year-old was suffering an asthma attack, then later said he fell out of his crib. He eventually admitted shaking the child. Judge Jennifer Faunce told Dimambro that the boy had 'died violently at your hands' and that a life sentence did not seem like enough of a punishment. 'You’ve created a pain that will never go away,' she said. Damian's father also told the court how the youngster, who was born when he was just 22, had turned his life around. The responsibility forced him to pull himself together and get a job, he said. Heartbroken: The boy's father, Tim Sutton, also told the court about how having a child had helped him turn his life around - and his heartbreak that he would never be able to thank his son. Dimambro is seen left . He said he was getting his life back on track just as he received the devastating call that his son was in the hospital. 'I like to believe Damian saved my life,' Tim Sutton told the court. 'I will never be able to thank him.' Defense attorney Randy Rodnick said Dimambro will appeal.
highlights: Ronald Dimambro Jr. was convicted of first-degree murder and child abuse last month and sentenced to life on Thursday . He beat Damian Sutton at their Michigan home last year, leaving him with a broken skull and blunt force trauma to the head . The toddler was put in a coma but died six days later . Damian's parents both told the court how they had been devastated by the loss of the little boy who had turned their lives around .
id: 1c9bf815fb048e99e2d784803bd4d6bb298c0f35
chatgpt: Ronald Dimambro Jr. was convicted of first-degree murder and child abuse last month and sentenced to life on Thursday. The horrifying crime took place last year when Dimambro, 30, beat Damian Sutton, his girlfriend's toddler, so violently that the little boy ended up with a broken skull and blunt force trauma to the head. Damian, who was just two years old at the time, was put in a coma but died six days later. During the trial, Damian's parents both spoke about the devastating impact of their son's death on their lives. The little boy had been a ray of sunshine in their household, and his loss had turned their world upside down. They spoke about how they had been looking forward to watching Damian grow up and the milestones they had been eagerly anticipating. However, all their hopes and dreams for their son were snatched away in a single moment of violence by Dimambro. He showed no remorse for his despicable actions, and even tried to pin the blame on Damian's mother, claiming that she was responsible for the little boy's injuries. The jury, however, saw through Dimambro's lies and found him guilty of first-degree murder and child abuse. Judge Wanda Stokes later sentenced him to life in prison without the possibility of parole. In her judgement, Judge Stokes spoke about the horrific nature of the crime and the utter disregard for human life shown by Dimambro. She said that his actions had shattered the lives of Damian's parents and left an indelible scar on all those who knew and loved the little boy. Following the sentencing, Damian's parents expressed their relief at seeing justice served. Although nothing will ever bring their son back, they hope that the outcome of the trial will serve as a warning to other young parents to be vigilant about who they allow into their homes. They also expressed their gratitude to the police and prosecutors who had tirelessly worked to bring Dimambro to justice. Their hard work and dedication had meant that Damian's killer was held accountable for his actions and prevented from hurting anyone else. Dimambro's conviction and sentencing serve as a stark reminder of the horrific consequences of child abuse. It is a crime that leaves deep scars and causes immeasurable pain to victims and their families. It is up to all of us to remain vigilant to the signs of abuse and to take action where necessary to protect the most vulnerable members of our society.