article: By . Jill Reilly . The Prince of Wales has urged world leaders to adopt a better, more integrated approach to issues like climate change. In a pre-recorded speech to a UN sustainability conference in Brazil, he warned of the potentially 'catastrophic' consequences of inaction on issues such a climate change and global food security. In the video address, shown to the Rio+20 High Level Dialogue on Global Sustainability, Prince Charles said: 'I have watched in despair at how slow progress has sometimes been and how the outright, sceptical reluctance by some to engage with the critical issues of our day have often slowed that progress to a standstill. Strong words: Prince Charles made the comments in a pre-recorded video address at a UN sustainability conference in Rio, Brazil . 'Already levels of CO2 have exceeded 400 parts per million; 450 parts per million is the tipping point we have to avoid so every day of delay threatens to make the change more dramatic.' He added that scientific evidence shows the potential consequences and warned we can no longer ignore the risk. He said: 'One thing is clear. We need to be much more informed about the actual state of the planet. We do not have nearly enough knowledge on which to base the decisions that will be the best for the long term. 'Until we do, we expose ourselves to the mounting danger of major shifts in policy that are not well conceived, but come as panicked responses to crises that could have been avoided.' Greener: Plants in the Arctic region are growing greener and taller as a result of global warming, scientists claim . Pointing to the work of his International Sustainability Unit (ISU), a foundation set up to campaign on global sustainability, Prince Charles said a better picture of environmental problems was needed before effective policy could be implemented. He said data on energy, water, biodiversity, forestry and soil, which is collected separately, needed to be combined and and analysed as a whole. 'If this could happen, at least then we would know what the state of the planet actually is - and then plan accordingly,' he said. Prince Charles added: 'We do not have long to capture such a comprehensive picture, and so I would appeal to you as you meet here in Rio to make an even greater and concerted effort to persuade policy and decision-makers to act before it is finally too late.' Rio+20 (the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development) takes place this week in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and marks the 20th anniversary of the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, in Rio de Janeiro. It is attended by heads of state and representatives from governments, NGOs and the private sector.
highlights: Prince Charles made the comments in a pre-recorded video address at a UN sustainability conference in Brazil . 'I have watched in despair at how slow progress has sometimes been'
id: bc7b004e425e6d9164c593713df270a0fe084016
chatgpt: Prince Charles has openly expressed his disappointment over the slow progress being made towards sustainability during a pre-recorded video address at a United Nations sustainability conference in Brazil. The Prince of Wales has long been a vocal supporter of sustainable development and environmentalism. In his address, he spoke about the urgent need for action to address climate change and the loss of biodiversity. "I have watched in despair at how slow progress has sometimes been," the Prince said. "While there have been some notable successes, we seem to be moving too slowly in key areas." He went on to emphasize the urgent need for cooperation and collaboration to tackle environmental challenges. "We need everyone to work together – governments, businesses, communities, and individuals – to create the change we need," he said. The Prince also urged countries to take greater action to protect the world's forests. "Deforestation continues to be a major driver of climate change and a threat to global biodiversity," he warned. He highlighted the importance of sustainable agriculture and called for greater support for small-scale farmers who are often the most vulnerable to climate change impacts. "We need to shift towards regenerative agriculture practices that can help to restore soil health, increase biodiversity, and sequester carbon," he said. The Prince of Wales also emphasized the need for a circular economy approach that reduces waste and promotes reuse and recycling. He called for greater investment in clean technologies and for businesses to adopt circular business models. "We need to create a circular economy that eliminates waste and creates new economic opportunities," he said. "There are already many examples of innovative businesses that are leading the way in this area, but we need to scale up and accelerate these efforts." The Prince concluded his address by urging the world to take action now to address the urgent environmental challenges we face. "We cannot afford to wait any longer," he said. "The time for action is now." The United Nations sustainability conference was held in Brazil in advance of the UN Climate Change Conference (COP26) which is scheduled to take place in Glasgow in November 2021. The conference brought together world leaders and experts to discuss the urgent need for action on climate change, biodiversity loss, and other environmental challenges. Prince Charles has long been a vocal advocate for sustainable development and has championed environmental causes for over four decades. He has founded several organizations that promote sustainability, including the Prince's Trust, the Prince's Foundation, and the Sustainable Markets Initiative. His comments at the UN sustainability conference highlight the pressing need for urgent action to address environmental challenges and the need for greater collaboration and cooperation in the fight against climate change.