article: Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the American-led invasion of Iraq left the country in chaos, in a rare criticism of Australia's strongest ally. Mr Abbott made the unusual remarks during a surprise visit to Baghdad. He has not ruled out sending more troops to the war-torn nation. 'Iraq is a country which has suffered a very great deal. First, decades of tyranny under Saddam Hussein. Then, the chaos and confusion that followed the American-led invasion. 'Most recently, the tumult, the dark age, which has descended upon Northern Iraq as a result of the Daesh death cult, but Australia will do what we can to help.' Scroll down for video . Wearing a leather jacket, Prime Minister Tony Abbott greeted diggers serving at the Baghdad Diplomatic Support Compound . Mr Abbott made a rare criticism of US foreign policy in Iraq, saying the aftermath of the invasion had left the country in 'chaos and confusion' On the third leg of an unannounced visit to the troubled region, Mr Abbott held talks with the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi in Dubai and visited an airbase. 'I certainly don't rule out doing what we reasonably can to make the world a safer place,' he said after the meeting. Australia is part of the US-led coalition carrying out air strikes against ISIL in Iraq and has deployed special forces troops to assist in training the local army. 'Because the ISIL or Daesh death cult has declared war on the world, including here and Australia.' Mr Abbott said he looked forward to further talks with Baghdad and coalition partners about what Australia 'can usefully do'. First visit to Iraq: Mr Abbott is pictured here with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi . The prime minister's latest comments and those he made after a meeting with Iraqi leader Haider Al-Abadi on Sunday have led to speculation Australia might be prepared to go beyond its limited commitment to the conflict. Back home, the Labor opposition is holding back bipartisan support for any expanded role. Instead it will wait for a detailed briefing from the government before revealing its position. Mr Abbott also rejected criticism of the secrecy surrounding his visit to Iraq and the United Arab Emirates. In a departure from previous practice, Australian media were excluded from covering the visit first-hand and were forced to rely on footage provided by the prime minister's office in Canberra. The opposition accused the government of pursuing a culture of secrecy, saying it was not in the national interest. But Mr Abbott said the media was excluded for 'understandable security reasons'.
highlights: Prime Minister says 'chaos and confusion' followed Iraq invasion . Wearing a leather jacket, Mr Abbott greeted troops in Baghdad . He won't rule out sending more Australian troops to Iraq . Mr Abbott has been criticised for barring media from his trip .
id: c70c477e9fd72631b728c513c97e6bbe141a6645
chatgpt: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been criticised for keeping media away from his visit to Iraq, where he greeted Australian troops and spoke with Iraqi leaders about their fight against ISIS. Mr Abbott declared that the invasion of Iraq in 2003 created "chaos and confusion", but said that the current mission was different as the local government had invited coalition forces to assist in their fight against Daesh militants. Wearing a leather jacket, Mr Abbott spent time talking to Australian troops stationed in Baghdad, thanking them for their service and commitment. The Prime Minister addressed media afterwards and said that he wouldn't rule out sending more Australian troops to Iraq to help fight ISIS, but said any increased deployment would require discussion with the Iraqi government and a clear strategy. Mr Abbott's visit comes as the Australian government faces increasing pressure to clarify its engagement in the fight against ISIS. The Prime Minister has been facing criticism from opposing parties and many other Australians for his reluctance to provide information about the operations of the Australian troops in Iraq. Mr Abbott's lack of transparency has also been criticised by some in the media, who argue that it undermines the Australian public's right to know about the activities of its military personnel overseas. However, the Prime Minister has defended his decision to keep media away from his trip, saying that he needed to focus on discussions with Iraqi officials and military leaders. Mr Abbott has been accused of taking an inconsistent approach to the media, with some arguing that he is determined to keep a tight leash on press access. However, Mr Abbott has also been praised in some circles for his tough stance on terrorism and his willingness to send Australian troops into harm's way to keep Australia safe. The Prime Minister has also recently announced the country would accept 12,000 refugees fleeing conflict in Syria, a move that has been met with approval from some quarters while others worry that the refugees will take jobs and resources from Australians. Mr Abbott's visit to Iraq comes as coalition forces, including Australian troops, continue to fight ISIS militants in Iraq and Syria. The Prime Minister's visit was seen as a show of support for the Australian military and a chance for Mr Abbott to gain a greater understanding of the challenges faced by Australian troops as well as those faced by the Iraqi military and civilian population. As Mr Abbott left Iraq, he restated his commitment to the fight against ISIS, saying that Australia would continue to show leadership and support for the coalition's efforts. However, as the battle against ISIS drags on, Mr Abbott may face continued pressure to be more transparent about Australia's involvement in the conflict.