article: Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became the godmother of a lesbian couple's baby girl in a Roman Catholic ceremony on Saturday - though the Church opposes gay marriage. Baby Umma Azul is just over 2 months old and was baptized as mothers Carina Villarroel and Soledad Ortiz, who were married last year, looked on. She's the first child known to receive this church blessing in Argentina. The ceremony took place in the Cathedral of Cordoba and was officiated by Father Carlos Varas, Reuters reports. The city is located 435 miles from the capital. Scroll down for video . Carina Villarroel (L), and her wife Soledad Ortiz (R), pose with their two-month old daughter Umma Azul Villarroel after her baptism ceremony on Saturday . Father Carlos Varas is seen baptizing Umma while parents Carina Villarroel and Soledad Ortiz seem to look lovingly on . 'Father Varas told us he had been waiting for a couple like us, a gay one, and we happened to come and he accepted us,' Villaroel told the news agency. 'There's really been a social change for Catholicism to have said yes to baptizing a child from a lesbian family.' Fernandez de Kirchner won a political . battle against Pope Francis in 2010 when he was Argentina’s top . church leader and the country became the first in Latin America to . legalize gay marriage. After he became pope last year, . Francis showed more openness to gays and lesbians, famously asking, 'Who . am I to judge?' if a gay person seeks the Lord. But . gays were celebrating the move anyway on Friday, saying it suggests a . new opening for the global church now led by their Argentine pope. The Vatican considers marriage only to exist between a man and a woman, Reuters notes, and says only children born from wedlock may be baptized by the Church. Pope Francis, however, has said that all children may receive the rite. It is unclear if the Vatican approved Umma Azul's baptism. The couple kiss, while Ortiz holds baby Umma Azul after the baptism in Cordoba, Argentina . Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, seen in this March 2014 photo, did not attend the ceremony and sent a representative in her stead . An Argentine law based on an old Russian tradition allows couples to ask presidents to be godparents for their seventh child. Nancy . Esteche, who runs the presidential office that arranges these baptisms, . confirmed on Friday that Fernandez de Kirchner agreed to make an . exception for the couple's first child. BBC reports that Fernandez de Kirchner did not attend the ceremony and sent a representative instead. The . child's biological mother is Ortiz. Villaroel told Reuters that she was . fired from her job as a police officer after she requested maternity . leave.
highlights: President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became godmother to baby Umma Azul on Saturday . Mothers Carina Villarroel and Soledad Ortiz were married last year . Argentine law allows couples to ask president to be godparent to their seventh child . President made an exception for Villarroel and Ortiz and sent a representative to the baptism . Argentina legalized gay marriage in 2010 -- though Pope Francis opposes it . Unclear if Vatican gave permission for the ceremony .
id: 695ac34ab0f95a2302da71e35e7ed905ecc0b769
chatgpt: President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner of Argentina made headlines over the weekend for her latest act of advocacy for gay and lesbian couples in the country. On Saturday, the president became the godmother of Umma Azul, the daughter of married couple Carina Villarroel and Soledad Ortiz. While it's common for godparents to be chosen based on their relationship with the child or the child's parents, in Argentina it's also possible for couples to ask the president to become the godparent of their seventh child. This law is intended to honor the president and create a special bond between the president and the family. However, in the case of Villarroel and Ortiz, who were married last year, President Kirchner made an exception to the rule. Despite the fact that the couple already had six children, the president agreed to become the godmother of their seventh child. The ceremony itself was held in a private residence in the city of La Plata, and a representative of the president was sent to attend the baptism. It's unclear whether or not the Vatican, which has come out against gay marriage and adoption, gave permission for the ceremony to take place. Argentina legalized gay marriage in 2010, becoming the first country in Latin America to do so. However, the country's legalization of same-sex marriage has not been without controversy. In fact, during the debate over the legislation, Pope Francis, who was then the Archbishop of Buenos Aires, was a vocal opponent of the measure. Despite this opposition, President Kirchner has been a strong advocate for LGBT rights in Argentina. She has openly supported same-sex marriage and the adoption of children by same-sex couples. The decision to become the godmother of Umma Azul is just the latest example of the president's support for LGBT families. The fact that she made an exception to the rule in order to do so is a testament to her commitment to these families and their children. As for Villarroel and Ortiz, they were thrilled that the president agreed to become their child's godmother. Speaking to reporters after the ceremony, they said that they were honored by the president's decision and that it was a special moment for their family. Overall, this event highlights the progress that Argentina has made in terms of LGBT rights over the past decade. While there is still work to be done, the fact that the president of the country is willing to become the godparent of a same-sex couple's child is a powerful symbol of equality and acceptance.