article: By . Daniel Mills for Daily Mail Australia . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has been voted Australia's most popular politician ahead of 18 other male members of the Government. The only woman of the 19-member team of cabinet ministers was rated number one ahead of Malcolm Turnbull, second, with Tony Abbott and Treasurer Joe Hockey finishing in 14th  and 19th place respectively. The survey of 1004 Australian voters was conducted by McNair Ingenuity Research just before the first anniversary of the Abbott government's election victory. Participants were asked to rank each minister on a scale of 100 for excellent, 75 for good, 50 for average, 25 for poor or zero for terrible. Ms Bishop, who finished with the top score of 57.6, said she was delighted by the result but considered the efforts of her 'team' was what contributed to her top place. 'I'm delighted to be considered in that light, but let's focus on the team effort,' Ms Bishop told AAP on Tuesday. 'Our team have been delivering on those core promises that we took to the last election.' Malcolm Turnbull was the crowd favourite when the survey was carried out six months ago, but the communications minister had to settle for second best this time. Ms Bishop has been far more prominent at home and abroad this year, most notably spearheading Australia's campaign at the United Nations to condemn the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight 17. Joe Hockey and Tony Abbott slipped in the placings, while Christopher Pyne, left, finished second last . She has been tipped by pundits and party insiders as a future Liberal prime minister. Current Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Joe Hockey, who have both been dealing with fallout from an unpopular May Budget, polled 39.1 and 32.1 respectively. Mr Hockey dropped from third-most-popular position in the previous survey in December, while Mr Abbott slipped slightly lower than his result in the previous poll. The McNair first-year scorecard, conducted between 27 and 30 August, involved a 'nationally representative' selection of members of an online panel, the company said. It said the results were weighted to population statistics by age, gender and location. The lead researcher, Matt Balogh, said it was not surprising that ministers were more well known to the public now than at the time of the last survey, taken at the 100-day mark of the government. 'In both cases we actually asked people whether they felt they knew each politician well enough to rate them and the ratings are only taken amongst people who said they knew that person well enough,' he said. Immigration Minister Scott Morrison polled in third position behind Malcolm Turnbull .
highlights: Researchers McNair Ingenuity polled 1004 voters in August survey . Each of the 19-member Government cabinet where rated out of 100 . Julie Bishop scored 57.6, Tony Abbott 39.1 and Joe Hockey, 32.1 . Malcolm Turnbull who finished first in the previous poll slipped to second .
id: 2ad1e356cbe921b19424c368ed57335de300b840
chatgpt: In a recent poll conducted by McNair Ingenuity, over 1000 voters were surveyed in August to rate members of the 19-member Government cabinet on a scale of 1 to 100. Results showed a substantial variation in the ratings from the respondents, with Julie Bishop scoring the highest at 57.6, followed by Malcolm Turnbull at a close second with 54.4, Tony Abbott at 39.1, and Joe Hockey finishing last with a rating of 32.1. Julie Bishop, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs, has the highest rating among her colleagues, which is not surprising, given her strong performances in international diplomacy. Turnbull, the former Prime Minister, who had secured the top spot in the previous poll, has slipped down to the second spot, garnering a rating of 54.4. Turnbull's slide could be an indication that voters have shifted their focus from his progressive policy ideas to the recent controversies surrounding his superannuation investments. Tony Abbott's ratings came as a surprise, as he is currently playing a prominent role in the government and has been vocal about his political ambitions. The former Prime Minister, who is now the Special Envoy for Indigenous Affairs, has been known for his hard-line conservative policies, and his ratings show that these are not popular with the voters. Joe Hockey, who is the Ambassador of Australia to the United States, has the lowest rating among his colleagues at 32.1. The former Treasurer was responsible for one of the most controversial budgets in recent history, and it appears that the voters have not forgotten this. The results of the poll could impact the dynamics within the government, as it signals that some of the most prominent members of the cabinet are falling out of favor with the voters. The poll could also reflect what the voters want to see in their government and could potentially influence future elections. Overall, the poll highlights the importance of public opinion in shaping the government and determining the fate of individual politicians. While Julie Bishop has come out on top, it is clear that the politics of the government are dynamic and ever-changing. It remains to be seen whether the poll ratings will have any lasting implications. However, one thing is certain, the results of this latest poll will be hotly debated and analyzed within the political circles of Australia in the coming weeks.