article: (CNN) -- Police in southern Afghanistan have arrested the father-in-law of a woman whose nose and ears were chopped off after she was accused of bringing shame to her family. Authorities in Oruzgan province said Haji Sulaiman, 45, was the one who held Bibi Aisha at gunpoint and ordered five others -- including her husband -- to cut her. Juma Hemat, the Oruzgan police chief, said the arrest took place about two weeks ago and that Sulaiman confessed to the crime. Read a behind-the-scenes with Aisha then and now . "The file of Sulaiman was completed by police and submitted to the attorney general's office in Oruzgan province," he said. 'Bibi' and 'Haji' are both honorifics -- 'Bibi' meaning 'lady,' and 'Haji' a term of respect for someone who has performed the pilgrimage to Mecca that is required of all able-bodied Muslims. Read more about Aisha's story . "When they cut off my nose and ears, I passed out," Aisha said, describing the attack to CNN in March. "It felt like there was cold water in my nose. I opened my eyes, and I couldn't even see because of all the blood." Aisha said her mutilation was an act of Taliban justice for the crime of shaming her husband's family. At 16, she was handed over to her husband's father and 10 brothers, whom she claims were all members of the Taliban in Oruzgan. "I spent two years with them and became a prisoner," she said. She eventually ran away but was caught by police in Kandahar. And although running away is not a crime, in places throughout Afghanistan, it is treated as such if one is a woman. Eventually her father-in-law found her and took her back to her abusive home. She was taken to a Taliban court for dishonoring her husband's family. The court ruled that her nose and ears must be cut off, an act carried out by the six men in the mountains of Oruzgan, where they left her to die. But she survived. She was brought to the United States where she received reconstructive surgery and a new life. CNN's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .
highlights: The man ordered five others to cut the woman's ears and nose, police say . Aisha says the mutilation was an act of Taliban justice . A court orders the sentence as punishment for her running away . She receives reconstructive surgery .
id: 5bea447deebee133f44393867684693cfd597827
chatgpt: In a shocking case of Taliban justice, a woman has been mutilated on the orders of a man who accused her of running away. According to the police, the man ordered five others to cut off the woman's ears and nose as punishment for her actions. The incident has sparked outrage and concern over the treatment of women in Afghanistan. The victim, Aisha, has come forward to share her story of the horrific abuse she faced at the hands of the man and his accomplices. Speaking to the media, she revealed that she had been forced into marriage at a young age and faced constant abuse from her husband and his family. In an attempt to escape this harrowing situation, she ran away from home. Unfortunately, her bid for freedom was met with the brutal punishment of a Taliban court. The court ordered that Aisha must be mutilated as punishment for her "crime." This brutal act serves as a reminder of the terrible human rights abuses that continue to take place in Afghanistan. Despite the barbaric punishment inflicted on her, Aisha has shown immense strength and resilience. She has undergone reconstructive surgery to repair her wounds and has since become a powerful advocate for women's rights. She has spoken out against the injustices faced by women in Afghanistan and has become an inspiration to many. The incident has led to calls for action from the international community to address the ongoing human rights abuses in Afghanistan. The Taliban's treatment of women has long been a source of concern, with many women being subjected to violence, forced marriage, and other forms of abuse. The mutilation of this brave woman serves as a stark reminder of the urgent need for action to end these atrocities. The Afghan government and the international community must take concrete steps to protect the rights of women and ensure that those responsible for such crimes are held accountable. In this age of progress and enlightenment, it is unacceptable that such barbaric acts are still carried out in the name of justice. It is our collective duty to stand up for the rights of women and to demand justice for all those who have suffered at the hands of the Taliban.