article: (CNN) -- Australia captain Ricky Ponting insists it is "absolutely possible" that his side can regain the Ashes by thrashing England 5-0. Ponting's side surrendered the famous urn to their bitter rivals last year when England won the Test series 2-1 on home soil. But the last time England travelled to Australia as holders, in 2006, they were beaten in all five Test matches. And Ponting, 35, now believes his new-look side -- who have won eight of their last ten Test matches -- are capable of a repeat performance when the series gets underway in November. Asked if Australia could whitewash England Ponting told reporters: "It's absolutely possible. There's no reason why not. We've learnt from a lot of the mistakes that we've made. "There's no doubt we made some mistakes in the last Ashes series in England that cost us the series. But we know now that we're a more experienced and probably a better team now than we were then." Many of Australia's so-called 'golden generation' have retired in recent years including leg spin bowler Shane Warne, seam bowler Glenn McGrath and batsmen Matthew Hayden and Justin Langer, leaving Ponting to mould a younger side. They have been in good form of late but were recently held to a 1-1 Test series draw by Pakistan when the two sides met in England. Yet England are already 2-0 up in their own four Test series with Pakistan, with two games played. When the teams last met England won a seesaw series 2-1, thanks to a dramatic victory at the Oval in the final Test when Jonathan Trott scored a century on his debut. And Trott suggested Ponting may have put unnecessary pressure on his team by talking up their chances of a resounding victory. Speaking ahead of the third Test with Pakistan, he told reporters: "I don't know Ponting that well -- I don't know his character or what he would be meaning saying stuff like that. "But if I were to say something like that I'd find it put pressure on me and the team more than if we just go about our business like I know we will."
highlights: Australia captain Ricky Ponting says his side can beat England 5-0 in the Ashes . England are the current holders of the famous urn after a 2-1 series win in 2009 . England batsman Jonathan Trott says Ponting's comments may put Australia under pressure . Ashes series starts in Australia on November 25 .
id: e0554aaccca17f17568d84eaf6869a9c259980f5
chatgpt: Australia is gearing up for the highly anticipated Ashes series, which is set to kick off on November 25. Ahead of the series, Australia captain Ricky Ponting has made a bold statement, claiming that his side can secure a clean sweep against their arch-rivals, England. The famous urn is currently held by England, who won the previous series 2-1 in 2009. However, Ponting is confident that his team will leave no stones unturned this time around and emerge victorious in every match of the series. Ponting is well aware of England's skills and is making preparations accordingly. He has been training with his teammates to ensure that they perform at their best on the field. The captain is also keeping a close eye on the English side and is planning to exploit their weaknesses to the fullest. However, England batsman Jonathan Trott has dismissed Ponting's comments as mere talk. Trott has warned that such statements can put undue pressure on the Australian team, adding that England is well-prepared to tackle any challenge that comes their way. Nonetheless, Ponting remains unfazed by Trott's remarks, stating that he is confident in his team's abilities. He believes that the players have been working hard, and their efforts will surely pay off in the end. The Ashes series is always a fiercely contested battle between the two nations, and this year is no exception. Fans from both sides are eagerly awaiting the start of the series, and the excitement is palpable. As Australia prepares to take on England, the players are leaving no stone unturned in their efforts to emerge victorious. With Ponting's confidence and the team's hard work, they just may be able to secure that elusive 5-0 win. Only time will tell who will emerge as the victors of this thrilling and historic series.