article: On 9 July this year, the internet will suddenly 'turn off' for thousands of users around the world. Around 350,000 PC users have machines infected with an invisible, undetectable 'Trojan' computer virus called DNSChanger, which sends users of the Web to unintended - and sometimes illegal - sites. When the FBI detected the infection they set up 'surrogate' servers to keep the infected PCs working - but it's costing so much that they intend to 'pull the plug' on 9 July. Around 350,000 PC users have machines infected with an invisible, undetectable 'Trojan' computer virus sending users to unintended and illegal sites . Infected: The Trojan 'DNSChanger' could cause millions - including Fortune 500 companies - to lose their Internet if the FBI shuts down surrogate servers . Court order: The FBI will retire their surrogate servers by March 8 . 'If we just pulled the plug on their criminal infrastructure, the victims were going to be without internet service,' said Tom Grasso, an FBI agent talking to Fox News. According to RT Network, servers function by translating traditional website URLs to their ‘numeric counterpart.’ But computers with the Trojan, which originally emerged in Estonia, will send users to fraudulent websites. And, if the FBI shuts off their emergency servers, millions of people could potentially be without Internet. The temporary servers set up by the FBI were created to allow companies to remove the worm from their infected servers; those affected had 120 days to get rid of the malware. After FBI warnings, the number of PCs infected with the Trojan has plunged - and most are in the hands of private individuals, not companies. Of the 350,000 infected machines worldwide, 85,000 are in the U.S and 20,000 are in the UK. Ticking clock: The FBI's surrogate servers can run until March 8, at which point they will either have to be shut down or run by a court-ordered extension . The malware is especially effective, Gizmodo reports, because it blocks infected users from visiting secure sites that could help them rid of the worm. Law enforcement officials and the computer industry have been working together in a coalition to fight the malware. The group, called the DNSChanger Working Group, will examine possibilities to fixing the problem. If no solution is reached, millions of people could be without the Internet, RT reports.
highlights: Machines infected with virus being 'kept alive' by FBI . Operation costing so much FBI will 'pull plug' on 9 July . 350,000 PCs infected, mostly private individuals . 80,000 victims in U.S., 20,000 in UK .
id: 32629b51eed0eb9e5fe3fe035e26546173bf6608
chatgpt: The FBI has been working tirelessly to keep alive thousands of machines that have been infected with a dangerous virus, but the cost of the operation has become too high, and the agency has announced that it will pull the plug on July 9th. According to reports, the operation has cost millions of dollars, and the FBI can no longer justify the expense. The virus, which has infected over 350,000 PCs, has mostly affected private individuals, with roughly 80,000 victims in the United States and 20,000 in the United Kingdom. The infected machines have been used to carry out a variety of cyber crimes, including stealing personal data and disrupting business operations. To battle the virus, the FBI created a system that would keep the infected machines alive but isolated from the internet in order to prevent further damage. The machines were essentially quarantined, and the FBI was able to gather key data from them to better understand how the virus worked and where it came from. However, keeping the machines alive was not a cheap proposition. The FBI had to set up special servers to simulate internet connectivity, which required a significant investment of resources. In addition, the agency had to create a legal framework to justify its actions, which included convincing judges to sign off on search warrants and other legal instruments. Despite the success of the operation, the cost of keeping the machines alive is simply too high. The FBI announced that it will shut down the system on July 9th, which means that infected machines will no longer be able to connect to simulated servers. This could cause problems for those who are still using infected machines, as they will no longer be able to receive updates or patches for the virus. The announcement has generated concern among cybersecurity experts, who fear that infected machines will soon be reactivated and used for malicious purposes. The FBI, however, has indicated that it will continue to track down those responsible for the virus and bring them to justice. The FBI's decision to shut down the system is a reminder of the challenges that law enforcement agencies face in dealing with the ever-evolving threat of cyber crime. As technology continues to advance, criminals are finding new ways to exploit vulnerabilities and evade detection. The FBI's efforts to keep infected machines alive were a creative solution to a difficult problem, but the cost of the operation was simply too high to maintain indefinitely.