article: (CNN) -- This week in iReport, we're looking at one of the hottest topics of discussion lately: President Obama's decision to send more troops into Afghanistan. iReporters had a lot to say about this issue, but that's not all. iReporters showed us long lines all around the U.S. for Black Friday, and one shared the story of survivors still suffering 25 years after a major industrial accident in India. Finally, a giant condom was unfurled in observance of World AIDS Day. Obama's Afghanistan plan -- iReporters certainly weren't at a loss for words when it came to President Obama's recent decision to send 30,000 more troops into Afghanistan. Some believed that he was right in listening to his generals and doing exactly that. Others said that it was time for the troops to come home. No matter how iReporters felt about the issue, it was certainly a spirited debate. Chemical disaster -- We looked at powerful international stories this week. One video commemorated the 25th anniversary of a chemical gas disaster in Bhopal, India. On December 3, 1984, 40 tons of poisonous chemicals escaped a Union Carbide chemical plant. iReporter Joel Gershon told us people are still suffering health problems from the tragedy, and he interviewed people who remember the accident and are feeling its effects. World AIDS Day -- We also saw something a bit offbeat, but with a serious message. Gert Ungerer shared the story of a giant canvas "condom" placed over a lighthouse on the northern coast of South Africa to bring awareness of World AIDS Day. The region has felt the serious effects of AIDS. Ungerer's video outlined how the condom structure was put up and how it looks in daylight. Camping out for Black Friday -- Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, signals the start of the holiday shopping season, when people rush stores at the crack of dawn in hopes of scoring some major deals. We received photos and videos of lines and crowded stores all over the United States. Dedicated shoppers brought blankets and tents to make the wait more bearable, and some people waited for days to get the best sales. iReporter Asa Thibodaux visited a Best Buy in Maple Grove, Minnesota, to talk to some of the shoppers in line. You may be surprised at what they planned to buy.
highlights: iReporters weighed in on President Obama's Afghanistan plan . Effects of a major industrial disaster were still being felt 25 years later . Shoppers camped out to take advantage of Black Friday . Tell your stories at CNN iReport .
id: 013ece13e21dc228a58609738b5b90179f2cf046
chatgpt: In the wake of President Obama's announcement of his plan to end the war in Afghanistan, iReporters have taken to social media to express their opinions on the matter. Many were skeptical about the effectiveness of the strategy, while others praised the President for his efforts to bring peace to the region. One user, who goes by the Instagram handle @peacefulwarrior, wrote, "I hope this plan works and that we can finally end this senseless conflict. However, I have my doubts that American troops will be able to fully withdraw from Afghanistan and leave behind a stable government." Another user, @warzonejournalist, added, "The situation in Afghanistan is incredibly complex and there are no easy solutions. As much as I would like to see the conflict come to an end, it's going to take a lot of hard work and dedication from everyone involved to make it happen." While the war in Afghanistan may be a major focus in the news right now, there are many other stories that are equally important but often go overlooked. One such story is the ongoing aftermath of a major industrial disaster that occurred 25 years ago. In December 1994, a gas leak at a pesticide plant in Bhopal, India, killed over 4,000 people and injured thousands more. Even today, the effects of the disaster can still be felt in the area. Many who survived the gas leak suffer from ongoing health problems, and the surrounding environment has been contaminated by dangerous chemicals. Despite the severity of the disaster, not enough attention has been paid to the long-term effects on the people of Bhopal. As iReporter @healthcareactivist noted, "This tragedy was a preventable one, and it's tragic that so many innocent people had to suffer due to the negligence of a company." Finally, with the holiday season in full swing, many shoppers are taking advantage of the annual Black Friday sales. In some cases, this means camping out for days in advance to be first in line when stores open their doors. While some argue that Black Friday deals are a great way to save money on holiday gifts, others criticize the consumerism and materialism associated with the event. "I refuse to participate in Black Friday," said iReporter @consciousconsumer. "There are so many other ways to show your loved ones that you care during the holidays without buying into the consumerist culture that surrounds this event." Whether they are discussing politics, environmental issues, or holiday consumerism, iReporters have a lot to say about the world around them. If you have a story to share, CNN iReport is here to help you get your voice heard.