article: Germany's Mesut Ozil is unlikely to play in the friendly against World Cup finalists Argentina on Wednesday but could be fit for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Scotland on Sunday, team manager Oliver Bierhoff said on Monday. Arsenal midfielder Ozil did not join team-mates on Monday in Duesseldorf for the first time since their World Cup victory 50 days ago and will fly in on Tuesday after nursing a minor injury. VIDEO Scroll down for World Champions Germany entertain crowds with open training . All gold: Germany coach Joachim Low shows the World Cup to fans during a public training session  in Duesseldorf . 'It looks very tough for Wednesday for Mesut,' Bierhoff said. 'Hopefully, he will be fit for Sunday.' Ozil is one of 18 World Cup winners called up in the 21-man squad for the World Cup final rematch against the South Americans and Sunday's first Euro qualifier in Dortmund. Some 40,000 fans turned up for the team's first open training since the World Cup victory, with players kicking footballs into the stands and giving away presents. Two-touch: Mario Gotze passes the World Cup to Thomas Muller during a training session on Monday . 'It was our wish to give fans and especially the young ones the chance to see their stars from close up,' Bierhoff said. 'For us it was a good feeling to kick off our post-World cup season with such a reception. 'This fourth (World Cup) star belongs to the entire country and that shows that we are Germany's team,' Bierhoff added. 'But now we need to take it forward. We want to keep having positive performances.' Star appeal: More than 40,000 fans watched an open training session in Duesseldorf on Monday . Safe hands: Gemany mascott Paule holds the world cup as the players take a break . World Cup rematch: Germany take on Argentina in a friendly on Wednesday . Coach Joachim Low will have to make changes to his starting lineup with striker Miroslav Klose, captain Philipp Lahm and central defender Per Mertesacker having retired from international football. 'We have to hit the ground running,' said keeper Manuel Neuer, among the candidates to replace Lahm as captain. 'We have to have a good match against Argentina to prepare for Scotland because the team will be slightly different. 'It is very important for us to start our qualifiers with a win over Scotland on Sunday,' said Neuer.
highlights: Mesut Ozil doubtful for Germany's friendly against Argentina on Wednesday . The Arsenal midfielder picked up injury during Sunday's 1-1 draw against Leicester . Germany trained in Duesseldorf on Monday for first time since World Cup victory .
id: 5a7e656f1225768e6b7006d96036a799cb224e43
chatgpt: Mesut Ozil, the Arsenal midfielder, is doubtful to feature in Germany's international friendly against Argentina on Wednesday. The midfielder picked up an injury during Arsenal’s 1-1 draw with Leicester on Sunday. Ozil, who has been a key player for both club and country, has missed several games in the past due to similar injuries. The German national team trained for the first time in Duesseldorf since their 2014 World Cup triumph. However, the arrival of Ozil at the training ground was delayed after the midfielder was told to undergo further medical checks. Germany manager, Joachim Low, has been able to name a full-strength team for the match against Argentina, with the exception of Ozil. The German boss is already without his first-choice goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, who is on the path to recovery from a long-term injury. Despite his questionable fitness, Ozil has been included in the initial squad for the upcoming European Championship qualifier against Estonia. His absence against Argentina could, however, be a blow to Germany's chances of securing a win against the South American giants. This friendly match will be the first meeting between the two teams since Germany's 4-0 win in the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup. The friendly is also set to be a rematch of the 2014 World Cup final, in which Germany outclassed Argentina to win their fourth World Cup title. The German team arrived in Duesseldorf on Monday and began their preparations for the match against Argentina. The team’s training session was open to the public, with supporters turning up in their numbers to cheer on their team. Although the injury to Ozil will be a setback for Germany, the team is still expected to put up a strong performance against Argentina. The German team has been in good form recently, having won their last three matches in the Euro qualifying campaign. Wednesday's friendly will serve as a good opportunity for Low to test new strategies, tactics and combinations ahead of the Euro 2020 qualifying campaign, as well as the upcoming friendly matches against Belarus and Northern Ireland in November. In the meantime, Ozil will continue to undergo further medical checks to determine the extent of his injury, while the rest of the German squad focuses on their preparations for their upcoming fixtures.