article: (CNN) -- U.S. military forces conducted an operation Monday against the Al-Shabaab network in Somalia, Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said. "We are assessing the results of the operation and will provide additional information as and when appropriate," he said. No other information was immediately available. The Pentagon did not say who was targeted, where in Somalia the operation took place nor why the operation was happening now. But the governor of Somalia's Lower Shabelle region said a suspected drone strike hit a small rebel-held village between the towns of Dhaab Tubaako and Haaway. Gov. Abdikadir Mohamed Nur Sidii added that attack appeared to target an Al-Shabaab camp where top leaders of the group have been holding a meeting to discuss an ongoing joint offensive by Somali and AU troops against their strongholds in the country's south. He said those targeted appeared to include the leader of the Al-Shabaab militants, Ahmed Godane, but it was not clear whether he was injured or not. Godane has been a driving force behind Al-Shabaab declaring its affiliation to al Qaeda and has pressed for the group to launch attacks beyond Somalia. The United States designated Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group, as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008. It has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia at least twice in the past year. Also Monday, the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) announced that military forces had liberated several important towns from the terrorists' grip, in the Middle Shabelle and Hiiran regions . "The Somali National Army supported by AMISOM forces have faced little resistance from their advancement as al-Shabaab simply melted away when they heard the aligned forces are approaching," the mission said in a written statement. The developments come just one day after Al-Shabaab fighters dressed in government military uniforms approached the gate of a high security prison in Mogadishu, set off a car bomb and fired their way into the building. During the assault on the National Intelligence and Security Agency prison, three security guards and two civilians were killed and 15 others were injured, Security Ministry spokesman Mohamed Yusuf told CNN. The NISA prison is underground and is close to the Somali presidential palace in Mogadishu. Hundreds of inmates, mostly Al-Shabaab members, are being held there. Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state and has launched attacks in other countries as well. The group claimed responsibility for the siege of the Westgate mall in Nairobi last September 21 that killed at least 67 people. CNN's Susanna Capelouto and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: A Somali governor reports a suspected drone strike apparently targeting Godane . The U.S. has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia at least twice in the past year . Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state . The United States considers Al-Shabaab a foreign terrorist organization .
id: daa1505dcb57c4973c9d7278ef9c69d22845e7a4
chatgpt: Reports have emerged from Somalia that a governor suspects a drone strike targeted Al-Shabaab's leader, Ahmed Godane. Al-Shabaab is a Somali-based terrorist group that aims to turn the country into a fundamentalist Islamic state. The United States has targeted the group's leaders at least twice in the past year. The governor of Somalia's Lower Shabelle region, Ibrahim Aden Ali, reported the suspected drone strike late last night. Speaking to reporters, Ali stated that the attack had taken place in the town of Haway, about 220 kilometers south of the Somali capital, Mogadishu. While no official confirmation of the strike has been made, sources suggest there is strong evidence that a drone or aerial vehicle was responsible for the attack. This is not the first time the US has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia. In January this year, US forces targeted senior Al-Shabaab leader Abdullahi Haji Da'ud. The Pentagon had stated that he had been involved in planning attacks against Americans in East Africa. Al-Shabaab has been designated a foreign terrorist organization by the United States. It is known for carrying out brutal attacks and for its links to Al-Qaeda. The group has been responsible for some of the worst terror attacks in Somalia's history, including the Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya in 2013, which claimed the lives of over 60 people. The United States' increased interest in targeting Al-Shabaab comes amid growing concerns about the group's links to terror cells around the world. Last year, four Americans were killed in Kenya in an attack carried out by an Al-Shabaab cell. The group is also believed to be linked to ISIS fighters in Libya and Egypt. The latest drone attack is likely to increase tensions between the United States and Al-Shabaab. While the US has stated that it is committed to helping Somalia fight against terrorism, it has also been criticized for carrying out operations on Somali soil without the approval of the Somali government. Somalia has been plagued by instability and conflict for decades, and the rise of Al-Shabaab has only added to the country's woes. The Somali government has been working closely with the United States and regional partners to eradicate the group, but progress has been slow. With tensions running high and the threat of more attacks looming, the fight against Al-Shabaab looks set to continue for some time to come.