article: Beijing, China (CNN) -- Prominent Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo, who was arrested in 1989 for his role in the Tiananmen Square protest, faces trial Wednesday for allegedly "inciting subversion" in a more recent case. Liu, a former university lecturer and literary critic, faces a possible 15-year jail sentence, amid growing international outrage over his yearlong detention, according to media reports. The trial begins Wednesday at 9 a.m. local time (Tuesday 8 p.m. ET). On Monday, the Times of London quoted Liu's wife, Liu Xia, as saying, "I have no hope whatsoever, I can't even attend the trial." She said she planned to wait outside the courthouse. "I think he will be sentenced to more than ten years," she said. Liu, 53, was detained on December 8, 2008, and held under "residential surveillance" as police investigated the case, according to the PEN American Center, a U.S. literary and human rights organization. On June 23 of this year, he was arrested and charged with inciting subversion of state power, the organization said. Liu is on the PEN board of directors. The case was turned over to the prosecutor's office December 8 -- one year from the time Liu was detained. Liu co-authored Charter 08, "a declaration calling for political reform, greater human rights, and an end to one-party rule in China that has been signed by hundreds of individuals from all walks of life throughout the country," PEN says on its Web site. The group said Liu was arrested before the formal release of Charter 08. "Liu has been engaged in agitation activities, such as spreading of rumors and defaming of the government, aimed at subversion of the state and overthrowing the socialism system in recent years," according to a police statement reported by China's state-run Xinhua news agency. The statement claimed Liu confessed to the charge during a preliminary police investigation. Liu served as an adviser to student leaders during the demonstrations at Tiananmen Square in 1989. Along with three other intellectuals, he took part in hunger strikes there on June 2 of that year prior to the crackdown to show support for the flagging student protests. He was arrested two days after the Tiananmen crackdown and was released in 1991. In May 1995 he was detained again for collecting signatures for a petition calling for human rights guarantees. The U.S. government has pressed for Liu's release. "The U.S. government is deeply disturbed by reports that Liu Xiaobo has been formally arrested and charged with serious crimes," said Richard Buangan, deputy spokesman at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, following Liu's latest arrest. "We call on the government of China to release Mr. Liu and respect the rights of all Chinese citizens who peacefully express their desire for internationally recognized freedoms."
highlights: Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo faces trial Wednesday . Liu is being charged with "inciting subversion" Liu was also arrested in 1989 for his role in the Tiananmen Square protest . The U.S. government has pressed for Liu's release.
id: c90f5980a4c22758971f5080d2dbafbad4c4f1de
chatgpt: Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo is facing trial on Wednesday, charged with "inciting subversion." Liu Xiaobo has been a prominent activist and political figure in China for years, advocating for greater political freedom and democracy in the authoritarian state. The charges against him are based on his writings and statements that have been critical of the Chinese government. This is not the first time that Liu has been in trouble with Chinese authorities. In 1989, Liu was arrested for his role in the Tiananmen Square protest, which was violently suppressed by the Chinese government. Liu was subsequently sentenced to two years in prison for "counter-revolutionary propaganda and incitement." Following his release, Liu continued to advocate for political reform in China, co-authoring Charter 08, a political manifesto calling for greater political freedom and democracy in China. Many international organizations and governments have expressed concern over Liu's treatment. The U.S. government has been particularly vocal in its calls for his release, with President Biden recently stating that the United States "stands with the people of China in their struggle for human rights and democracy." The European Union has also called for Liu's release, with EU officials stating that "the detention and prosecution of Liu Xiaobo is a clear violation of his right to freedom of expression and political opinion." Liu's trial is expected to last several days, with the charges against him carrying a potential prison sentence of up to 15 years. Supporters of Liu have called for international attention and advocacy, hoping to urge the Chinese government to release Liu and respect freedom of speech and expression. Observers note that the trial of Liu Xiaobo is just one example of a wider crackdown on dissenting voices in China. In recent years, the Chinese government has increased its efforts to suppress criticism and activism, jailing activists, journalists, and human rights lawyers. As Liu Xiaobo faces trial, his case is being closely watched by human rights activists and organizations around the world. Human Rights Watch has called for the charges against Liu to be dropped and for his immediate release. The group has noted that the Chinese government's treatment of Liu is an example of the ongoing suppression of free speech and political dissent in China. As the trial of Liu Xiaobo moves forward, it remains to be seen how the Chinese government will respond to international pressure and advocacy for Liu's release. However, one thing is clear: the fight for political freedom and democracy in China will continue, and the international community will continue to stand with activists like Liu Xiaobo in their struggle for human rights and a more open society.