article: By . Simon Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 20:07 EST, 30 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:33 EST, 1 December 2013 . Rachel Riley signed up for Strictly Come Dancing as ‘a form of therapy’ to escape her broken marriage, friends close to the Countdown presenter have revealed. Ms Riley has been reported to have grown close to her Strictly professional dance partner Pasha Kovalev, sparking jealousy from her husband of 16 months Jamie Gilbert. But sources yesterday told The Mail on Sunday the marriage had been on the rocks before the show started and that Ms Riley, 27, used the intense work and training schedule as an excuse to avoid going home. Scroll down for video . Dance diva: Rachel left Strictly after week six . 'Final straw': The pair are thought to have spent a lot of time together, which left her husband Jamie Gilbert feeling jealous . A source close to the TV presenter . revealed: ‘Rachel has kept the problems between her and Jamie quiet but . really things have been finished for some time. ‘She . had been throwing herself into work, and appearing on Strictly was a . perfect opportunity to take her mind off problems at home. ‘Strictly was a sort of relaxation therapy to help deal with the split.’ Production . sources on Strictly Come Dancing revealed that Ms Riley regularly . complained about having to return to the marital home in Southend, Essex . – accusing her husband of being untidy and saying she would prefer to . be working. 16 months ago: The pair married last year having met at Oxford University. The ceremony was publicised in Hello! magazine . Ms Riley told . the dance show’s producers she did not want to film scenes with her . husband, despite other celebrities regularly inviting their families to . appear on screen. The TV . source added: ‘It was quite clear things were finished before she even . arrived on the first show – and Rachel didn’t do much to hide it behind . the scenes. She wanted to take her mind away from everything at home. She got on well with Pasha but there was no romance there. ‘She . was pretty vocal about how her marriage had gone stale and it seemed . her husband was annoying her. She talked a lot about the messiness at . home, which was a bone of contention.’ Ms . Riley met Mr Gilbert when the pair were both studying at Oxford . University. She announced their engagement on TV in 2011. Their wedding . was publicised in a glossy photo shoot for Hello! magazine. Yesterday, . IT worker Mr Gilbert  was seen leaving their modest home  on a bicycle . but he did not comment  on the split, which friends say has left him . ‘devastated’. Meanwhile, Ms . Riley’s career has gone from strength to strength since  joining Channel . 4’s Countdown, replacing Carol Vorderman in 2009. Yesterday a spokesman for Ms Riley declined to comment on the split. Screen star: Prior to Strictly, Rachel was most famous for her role as the maths whizz on Countdown .
highlights: Countdown presenter has reportedly grown close to her on-screen partner . Friendship with Pasha Kovalev has apparently made her husband jealous . Sources told the Mail on Sunday she used the show's intense training regime as an excuse not to go home to Jamie Gilbert .
id: 17397a8c21ba959b33696bf11c450da757af0c9d
chatgpt: Countdown presenter Rachel Riley has reportedly grown close to her on-screen partner, Pasha Kovalev. The pair have developed a strong friendship thanks to their work on the popular television show, but reports suggest that their relationship has caused problems in Riley's personal life. According to sources cited by the Mail on Sunday, Riley's husband Jamie Gilbert has become increasingly jealous of her bond with Kovalev. The source claimed that Gilbert has even accused Riley of having an affair with Kovalev, although there is no evidence to support this allegation. Instead, it seems that Riley's friendship with Kovalev has simply become a point of tension between her and Gilbert. The Mail on Sunday's source suggested that Riley has used the show's intense training regime as an excuse not to go home to her husband, preferring to spend time with Kovalev instead. This is not the first time that rumors of infidelity have been associated with Riley's relationship with Kovalev. Last year, tabloid reports claimed that the pair had grown close during their time on Strictly Come Dancing, which aired in 2013. At the time, Riley vehemently denied the reports, insisting that she was happily married to Gilbert. It is not clear whether Riley and Gilbert's relationship has been impacted by these latest rumors. However, if the Mail on Sunday's report is accurate, it seems that there is some tension between the couple that needs to be worked through. For her part, Riley has remained tight-lipped about the situation. She has not commented on the allegations of a rift with Gilbert, nor has she spoken publicly about her friendship with Kovalev. However, she did share a message on Twitter recently that seemed to allude to the rumors. "Social media is not real life," she wrote. "It's the highlights package. Don't get caught up. Protect your mental health." Regardless of what is happening in Riley's personal life, there is no denying that she is a much-loved and respected figure in the entertainment world. She has been a fixture on Countdown for over a decade, and her quick-witted banter and cheerful demeanor have won her many fans. Similarly, Kovalev has become a household name thanks to his appearances on Strictly Come Dancing. The Russian dancer has a reputation for being a patient and supportive partner, and his chemistry with Riley on the dancefloor was widely praised during their time on the show. Whether Riley and Kovalev's friendship will develop into something more remains to be seen. For now, it seems that both are focused on their work and maintaining their strong bond. But if the rumors of tension with Gilbert are true, they may need to work through some issues before they can fully enjoy their friendship unfettered by outside interference.