article: (CNN) -- The day Harry Potter fans have been waiting for is here. On Friday, Universal Studios is opening its "Wizarding World of Harry Potter" attraction at Universal's Islands of Adventure theme park in Orlando, Florida. The park-within-a-park, as it's being called, recreates various locations, scenes and other elements from the wildly popular book and movie series. Harry Potter has beaten out fellow Brit celluloid character James Bond as the top-grossing film series in history. One of the reasons Harry Potter is so successful is its legions of fans, both young and old. Alex Black is one of them. She and her family made a special trip to Orlando from Georgia to be guests at a "soft opening" of the park a couple of weeks ago. She was one of the first to catch a glimpse of Hogwarts, the fictional boarding school for young wizards, and to drink some "butterbeer" at the attraction. According to 16-year-old Alex, "it's worth waiting hours in line, it's worth the money, it's worth the long drive from Georgia, it's beyond worth it." When asked what her favorite part of the park was, she responded, "Everything was my favorite." Alex, like millions of other "muggles" around the world, has been a long-time fan of the boy wizard, Potter, and his best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, since the first author J.K. Rowling's seven-book series debuted. "I've grown up with Harry Potter. I've brought all the books they came out, I dressed up for Harry Potter spirit day at my school. And when I'll be a senior, the last (movie) -- when Harry is like that age, as a senior -- will come out. So, he's kind of like the family pet in a way," she said. iReport: Share your photos, reviews of "Potter" theme park . And it's not just the teenagers who are just wild about Harry. Laura Boyles, a 55-year-old mother and book store employee from Orlando, said, "I can't wait to go to the park -- I'm so excited for it to open. I love the Harry Potter series." Alex agrees, "He's a generational thing; we've grown up with him. My grandpa and my aunt like him too. It's just something that I've grown up with. " Alex is happy that the Wizarding World opened when it did. "When I read the last book it was almost like the end, I still had the movies, but I was afraid it would be over, but the park is a way for it to live on." Widespread industry speculation has it that Universal shelled out some $265 million for this Potter project, although officials are not confirming that number.
highlights: Universal's "Wizarding World" officially opens Friday . Orlando attraction built around Harry Potter books and movies . Harry Potter has surpassed James Bond as top-grossing film series in history .
id: 09cb5ecfbd7c4eb6baf74f8d8c6bff95800aaac3
chatgpt: Universal Studios Orlando will welcome visitors on Friday to experience the highly-anticipated "Wizarding World" of Harry Potter. The attraction is located in Universal's Islands of Adventure theme park, and features everything from Hogwarts castle to butterbeer. The "Wizarding World" has been built around the Harry Potter books and movies, so fans of the series will feel like they're truly stepping into the magical world created by author J.K. Rowling. They can visit Ollivanders to pick out their own wand, or explore shops like Honeydukes and Zonko's Joke Shop. This isn't the first time Universal has brought Harry Potter to life in its parks. In 2010, it opened the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in its Hollywood park. However, the Orlando attraction is much larger and more immersive. One of the highlights of the "Wizarding World" is the Hogwarts Express, which takes visitors between Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios Florida. The train ride offers stunning views of the park, as well as some familiar faces from the Harry Potter films. "Fans are going to be blown away by what we've done here," said Thierry Coup, senior vice president of Universal Creative. "We've taken everything they love about the Wizarding World and made it even better." The "Wizarding World" isn't just a hit with fans -- it's also a huge success for Universal. Harry Potter has now surpassed James Bond as the top-grossing film series in history, bringing in over $7.7 billion worldwide. The popularity of the movies has translated to massive crowds at Universal's theme parks, with the Wizarding World of Harry Potter drawing in record-breaking numbers of visitors. Universal is hoping to continue that success with the new "Wizarding World" in Orlando. The park has been in the works for years, and has cost an estimated $400 million to build. "We believe that this will be a game-changer for the entire Orlando market," said Universal Orlando Resort President Bill Davis. "It's something that nobody has ever seen before, and it's going to blow people away." With the opening just days away, anticipation for the "Wizarding World" is at an all-time high. Fans have been posting photos and videos of the park's construction for months, speculating about what it will look like and what attractions it will include. Now, they'll finally get to experience it for themselves. And judging by the success of the Harry Potter movies and earlier park attractions, it's sure to be a hit.