article: A teacher in Brooklyn has won a landslide settlement after she said she was ‘treated like dirt’ by her students, who would throw condoms at her and verbally abuse her. Theresa Reel, who taught at the High School for Legal Studies in the Williamsburg neighbourhood of Brooklyn, said that her former employer punished her for speaking out. Because of her hardships, the city has awarded her $450,000. Treated like dirt: Theresa Reel's complaints fell on deaf ears and instead she was sent a letter chastising her for wearing an 'inappropriate low-cut, V-neck lace top' Ms Reel, 52, filed a lawsuit against the high school in 2008, after she said that her complaints of sexual and verbal harassment fell on deaf ears. She said at the time that she kept quiet for three years ‘because I didn’t have tenure.’ Disgusted: Reed was told by one of the students: 'I've got rubbers - want to party?' The educator told the New York Daily News at the time that she was sent a letter from the Department of Education chastising her for wearing a ‘low-cut, V-neck lace top,’ which they deemed ‘inappropriate attire.’ The principal at the time, Denise Morgan, didn’t listen to her complaints either, Ms Reel said. According to the Mississippi native, when she told Ms Morgan about the inappropriate behaviour from her students, Ms Morgan responded: ‘And how does that threaten you?’ Ms Reel told the Daily News that the time spent at the high school was dreadful. ‘I wasted six years of my life being treated like dirt –less than dirt.’ She said she’s elated that this settlement allowed her to quit her job, which she started in 2005. Schooled? She taught at the High School for Legal Studies in the Williamsburg neighbourhood of Brooklyn . Ms Reel said the things her students told her were horrendous. One allegedly said: ‘I’ve got rubbers – want to party?’ The constant barrage of attacks from her students made her depressed, she said, and at one point she contemplated suicide. In reviews on greatschools.org, School for Legal studies, which has around 750 students, was given a possible 2/10, based on state test results. One former student wrote: ‘As a legal studies student for three years, I find that the school is a non-education experience. It is horrible student and teacher wise.’ Another wrote that they transferred out after freshman year because they didn’t learn anything. And according to performance trends, the math and reading scores for the school’s students are well below the 50th percentile. The student ratio has gradually crept up while the number of full-time teachers has gone down in recent years. City officials declined comment on the case.
highlights: Theresa Reel, 52, said she was tormented for six years while teaching at Brooklyn high school . Claimed students verbally abused her and threw condoms at her . She said that school administrators didn't listen to her complaints . Now has been awarded $450,000 settlement from New York state .
id: 3c63712e45806646f6ad3e0048ba88637297dda5
chatgpt: A Brooklyn high school teacher has been awarded $450,000 in a settlement with the New York state after a six-year-long harassment ordeal. Theresa Reel, who taught at the school for several years, claimed that students constantly harassed and verbally abused her, and even went so far as to throw condoms at her. Reel's experience underscores the challenges that many teachers in America face. In recent years, harassment and violence against teachers by students have become more and more common, leading some educators to speak out about the need for change. According to Reel, she filed numerous complaints with school administrators over the years but was repeatedly ignored. She claims that school officials failed to take her concerns seriously and refused to take action to protect her. "As a teacher, I was there to teach and foster a positive learning environment for my students," Reel said in a statement. "Instead, I was tormented and humiliated on a daily basis." The harassment continued for six long years, causing Reel to suffer stress and mental anguish. Eventually, she decided to take legal action, filing a lawsuit against the school district and state of New York. After several months of negotiations, Reel and her lawyers were able to reach a settlement agreement with the New York state. Under the terms of the agreement, Reel will receive $450,000 to compensate for her ordeal. Reel said she hopes the settlement will send a message to other teachers who may be experiencing similar harassment. "I hope that my case will encourage other teachers to speak out and take action when they are being mistreated," she said. The settlement has also put a spotlight on the broader issue of harassment and violence against teachers. Some experts say that the problem is particularly acute in schools that serve low-income communities, where teachers are often overworked and under-resourced. According to the National Education Association, nearly half of all teachers say they have been physically attacked or threatened by a student at least once in their career. As more and more teachers speak out about the issue, some are calling for schools and lawmakers to take stronger action to protect teachers and ensure that they are treated with dignity and respect. For now, though, Reel is content with the settlement and hopes to move on from her experience. "I'm just happy that this chapter of my life is finally over," she said. "It's been a long and difficult journey, but I'm glad that justice has been served."