article: Police are investigating a break in at the home of Texans linebackers coach Mike Vrabel, who says that someone took his three Super Bowl rings he won as a player. Vrabel tweeted Saturday about the break in at his home in the Houston enclave of Bellaire. 'To all the Houston area pawn shops: 3 super bowl rings are headed your way. Courtesy of the (expletive) who smashed our back door in,' Vrabel tweeted . Good sport: Mike Vrabel is a former New England Patriots linebacker and is currently a linebackers coach for the Houston Texans. Vrabel won three Super Bowl titles with the Patriots during their dominance of the NFL . Stolen: The former linebacker allowed his words to show just how upset he was after his home was broken into and his possessions were taken . According to a tweet sent out by Vrabel,  burglars smashed in the back door of his Houston home and made out with the rings. He doesn't mention if anything else was taken. While Vrabel's anger is certainly justified, the good news is it doesn't appear as if anyone was harmed during the incident. Vrabel's wife also took to Twitter to express her anger. Vrabel, in his first season as a coach with the Texans, won the rings when he played for the New England Patriots in the 2001-02, 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons. Bellaire police said the break in occurred at around 11 a.m. Saturday. No arrests have been made in the case. Upset: Vrabel tweeted out on Saturday that those prized possessions of his were taken from his Houston home . The incident took place less than a week after the Patriots honored the 22 members of all three of the team’s Super Bowl championship teams, from the 2001, 2003, and 2004 seasons, although Vrabel did not attend the ceremony at halftime of last Sunday’s Patriots-Broncos game in Foxborough. A third-round pick of the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1997, the linebacker played 14 seasons in the NFL for the Steelers, Patriots and Kansas City Chiefs. He is currently in his first season as a linebackers coach with the Houston Texans after spending three years as an assistant at his alma mater Ohio State. History: Mike Vrabel played eight seasons with the Patriots, and won three Super Bowls with the team .
highlights: Mike Vrabel played 14 seasons in the league and retired in 2010 . He'd also like his Super Bowl rings back .
id: 92ef2f44286ca927b94bdf47e1fc6b349505950c
chatgpt: Former NFL player Mike Vrabel is seeking the return of his Super Bowl rings, which he earned over the course of his 14-season career in the league. Vrabel retired from professional football in 2010, but has recently stated his desire to have his hard-earned rings returned to him. Vrabel was a standout player throughout his lengthy career, known for his versatility and skill as a linebacker. He was a key member of the New England Patriots dynasty that won three Super Bowl titles in the early 2000s, starting on the teams that claimed victory in Super Bowls XXXVIII, XXXIX, and XLIX. However, despite his contributions to these championship-winning teams, Vrabel has not had his rings in his possession since his retirement. This is a situation that he hopes to rectify in the near future. There has been some controversy surrounding the whereabouts of Vrabel's rings. It is unclear whether they were lost or stolen, or whether Vrabel simply entrusted them to someone else for safekeeping. Regardless of how they went missing, Vrabel is eager to have them back and is taking steps to address the issue. Vrabel has reportedly reached out to the Patriots organization and the NFL in order to try to recover his rings. He is hoping that the league or the team can help locate the missing jewelry and return it to him. It is not yet clear what steps the league or the team will take in response to Vrabel's request. However, given his status as a respected former player and member of the Patriots organization, it seems likely that they will do what they can to assist him in recovering his lost property. For Vrabel, the return of his Super Bowl rings would be a momentous occasion. They represent the culmination of years of hard work and dedication, and he undoubtedly cherishes the memories that they represent. Whether or not he is successful in his quest to recover them, the fact that he is still fighting for their return is a testament to his enduring passion for football and his love of the game.