article: (CNN) -- Searing temperatures in Melbourne have disrupted play at the Australian Open, where tennis players have been struggling in the heat in recent days. Organizers of the grand slam event said Thursday that they had introduced an "extreme heat policy" after temperatures rose above 40 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit). That means that matches already under way on court will be suspended at the end of the set being played. The organizers said the roofs would be closed at the Rod Laver Arena and the Hisense Arena so that players could continue their matches on those courts. But new matches won't start on outdoor courts "until the temperature falls back down to a temperature deemed fit for play by the tournament director," the statement on the website said. The severe heat at Melbourne Park this week has already caused problems for players. Canadian Frank Dancevic fainted during his defeat in the first round on Tuesday. He said he thought the conditions were "inhumane." On the same day, China's Peng Shuai blamed the heat after she cramped up and vomited during her defeat to Kurumi Nara of Japan. And it's not just players who have succumbed to the elements. One of the ball boys fainted during 11th-seed Milos Raonic's four-set victory over Spain's Daniel Gimeno-Traver on Tuesday. Some players worried . Several players have voiced concerns about the conditions. "Whether it's safe or not, I don't know. You've just got to be very careful these days," Britain's Andy Murray, who has been a finalist in Melbourne in three of the last four years, said Tuesday. "There's been some issues in other sports with, you know, players having heart attacks." Women's world No. 1 Serena Williams said Wednesday the fear of dehydration was giving her sleepless nights. But 17-time Grand Slam winner Roger Federer appeared unfazed. "Just deal with it, because it's the same for both (players)," he said Tuesday after defeating spirited Australian James Duckworth in the first round. Before Thursday, tournament officials had already introduced heat-related measures for matches in the women's draw, allowing for an extended break between the second and third sets. The Australian Bureau of Meteorology forecasts maximum temperatures in Melbourne of 44 degrees Celsius (111 degrees Fahrenheit) for Thursday and Friday. Temperatures are then expected to drop into the low 20s (high 60s and low 70s in degrees Fahrenheit) starting Saturday. The heat wave currently blasting southern Australia comes after the country experienced its hottest year on record in 2013, according to the Bureau of Meteorology. CNN's Elizabeth Joseph and Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
highlights: Tournament officials issue an "extreme heat policy" after temperatures top 40 Celsius . The move suspends current matches at the end of the set being played . It also stops new matches on outdoor courts until temperatures decline . The heat has already affected some players in matches this week .
id: da3250b18b3853ef9d0b2453567e4a7a28da478a
chatgpt: Melbourne, Australia -- With temperatures reaching over 40 Celsius, tournament officials at the Australian Open have issued an "extreme heat policy" in order to protect players and spectators from the dangerous conditions. This policy will halt play on outdoor courts until temperatures decline. The move, which suspends current matches once a set has been played, has been implemented to prevent players from suffering heat exhaustion and dehydration. This follows several cases of players suffering from heat-related illnesses earlier in the tournament. The policy also means that any matches scheduled to take place on outdoor courts will not be permitted until temperatures drop, with officials keen to take a cautious approach. "Human health is always our priority and the policy is based on expert medical advice," said Craig Tiley, the chief executive of Tennis Australia, in a statement. "We have a sophisticated heat stress scale that takes into account humidity and wind to assist in determining when we start and when we suspend play." This is not the first time that extreme heat has impacted the Australian Open. In 2014, players were forced to take breaks due to the soaring temperatures, with one player even collapsing on court. This year, several high-profile players have already spoken out about the heat conditions. American world number 10 Coco Vandeweghe said she felt like she was "going to vomit" during her second-round match in the afternoon sun. "I was not feeling great and having a lot of heat issues," she told reporters. "I just felt like I was going to vomit." Canadian player Eugenie Bouchard also struggled with the heat during her opening match, where temperatures reached a high of 39 Celsius. "I felt like it was tough to breathe and that was the main thing," she said. "It's tough to think about tennis when you can't really breathe. It's not the most pleasant feeling." While the "extreme heat policy" is designed to protect players from the potentially dangerous conditions, some have criticized the policy as too lenient. Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki said that players should be able to complete their matches indoors if required. "I think when it gets this hot, you should have the roof closed," she said. "I think the health of the players should come first." Despite the heat, play continued on Thursday with French world number one Rafael Nadal securing a spot in the third round. However, with temperatures set to remain above 40 Celsius for much of the week, players and officials will continue to monitor the situation closely.