article: (CNN)Forget the bread and milk. Some snowbound New Yorkers are seeking a more, er, intimate kind of nourishment. With a massive storm expected to drop up to 3 feet of snow on the Northeast U.S. before it ends Tuesday, a flurry of New Yorkers are placing online ads seeking "blizzard buddies" for companionship, snuggling and, in so many words, sex. A search of Craiglist's recent personal ads for "snow" or "blizzard" turns up scores of New York-area listings -- many not safe for work -- from city dwellers looking for someone to hook up with while the storm rages outside. "Seeking snuggle buddy for upcoming blizzard. Will make u pancakes and coffee and hot chocolate all day. You'll also get my Netflix password. I have lots of thick blankets and interesting books to read if we get snowed in," read one of the tamer listings, from a 26-year-old man in Ridgewood, New Jersey. "As we all know Snow Sandy is coming our way, and there is nothing worse than being trapped along in your apartment with nothing to do. As such why not ride out the blizzard with me?" asked a New York man who gave his name as Alex. "I'm tall and athletic 6' 2" 185, and generally considered to be good looking, smart, and funny. I'm a great snuggler, and excellent cook, and should it get that far ..." added the would-be Lothario, who then went on to describe his other, um, physical attributes. A 26-year-old resident of New York's West Village tried to entice women with an offer of "endless movies, cookies, whiskey and red wine, occasional work on a strictly as-needed basis, potential igloo-making in a private garden and making out." Then there was the guy in New York's Chelsea neighborhood who posted a shirtless photo of himself, flexing his biceps, along with this greeting: "What's up ladies, Snowing outside. I can make it snow inside too." We're not even sure what that means. Many of the ads contained euphemistic references to "cuddling" or "snuggling," although some blizzard booty calls were much more explicit. A few included photos of ... body parts. Most of the listings were from men seeking women or other men, but some women placed snow-buddy ads as well. "Looking for someone interesting to platonically chat with during the snow and see where it goes," posted a 47-year-old woman seeking a "snow friend." Of course, the "casual encounters" section of Craigslist has long been a hotbed of sexual solicitations and even alleged prostitution, but the "blizzard buddy" wrinkle appears to be new. On social media, however, many observers expressed horror at the idea of being trapped in a snowbound apartment with a frisky stranger. In fact, at least one Twitter user took the idea of "horror" literally. "BRB, registering the name of my new slasher movie screenplay, BLIZZARD BUDDIES," @walrusmaster wrote.
highlights: With storm coming, New Yorkers place online ads seeking "blizzard buddies" Ads promise snuggling, booze, Netflix, while some imply sex .
id: 83e58c0c73906e1986a4537c8c72c39b18f96bc4
chatgpt: As a looming blizzard approaches New York City, some residents are turning to unconventional methods to cope with their impending isolation. An increasing number of individuals are advertising for "blizzard buddies" in online personals, suggesting snuggling and alcohol, and some even implying sex, in exchange for companionship during the storm. According to several online posts, snuggling, booze, and Netflix are all on the roster for potential "blizzard buddies." Some postings even promise food, video games, and let's-watch-the-storm-together experiences. Interestingly, the ads are not limited to romantic encounters; several of them are simply seeking platonic blizzard companions. One such advertisement reads, "I have an extensive collection of board games, a Netflix subscription, and a well-stocked bar. Let's ride out the storm together and stay warm!" Another one says, "I'm not looking for anything serious, just someone to help me take the edge off. We can spend time watching the snow and drinking some hot cocoa." While some of the posts seem harmless, others suggest that they're seeking more than just a casual fling. One advertisement suggests, "Let's warm each other up during the storm," while another states, "Looking for a partner in crime to snuggle up and watch some movies with. Or maybe something more…" The trend of seeking "blizzard buddies" has gained popularity in recent years, with people flocking to dating apps and social media to find companionship when the weather turns sour. But what is unique about this emerging practice is that it is taking place on public forums, as opposed to closed groups or private messaging, and the ads are not just limited to singles looking for romantic encounters. The "blizzard buddy" ad is a continuation of a growing trend in the era of social distancing and self-quarantine, as people become more isolated and crave human connection. With people starved for social interaction due to COVID-19, the storm offers a rare opportunity to connect with strangers and perhaps meet new friends. While New York City is no stranger to extreme weather conditions, the idea of seeking out strangers for companionship during a blizzard is a novel one. But some experts warn of the potential dangers of meeting strangers during a time of crisis. The police department has issued a warning to anyone soliciting strangers for companionship during the blizzard, urging them to take precautions for their own safety. Regardless of the risks, storm-seekers seem undeterred by warnings and are continuing to post ads seeking "blizzard buddies." As the storm approaches, it remains to be seen whether these new friendships born out of isolation will last beyond the snowfall.