article: By . Martyn Ziegler, Press Association . Franz Beckenbauer's ban imposed while he was investigated for failing to comply with the probe into bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has been revoked. The former Germany player and manager was forced to abandon his plans to come to the World Cup in Brazil as a TV pundit after the provisional ban was imposed. Beckenbauer then said he would meet FIFA ethics investigator Michael Garcia about the 2010 vote - when he was a FIFA executive committee - and his ban has now been revoked, but the investigation into him for failing to comply continues. VIDEO Scroll down for some unbelievable footage of Beckenbauer from 1967, 1977 and 1990 . Revoked! Franz Beckenbauer's 90-day ban has been removed after just 15 . A FIFA statement said: 'The decision to provisionally ban Franz Beckenbauer was revoked today by the deputy chairman of the independent ethics committee's adjudicatory chamber, Alan Sullivan QC. 'Having received the appropriate submissions, Alan Sullivan QC considered that it was appropriate at the time to impose provisional measures. 'However, Sullivan QC, considering that a breach of the FIFA ethics code appeared to have been committed, concluded that all the conditions for the imposition of provisional measures were no longer fulfilled.' Cohorts: German legend with FIFA president Sepp Blatter . Libero: Franz Beckenbauer has won the World Cup as a player (1974, above) and manager (1990) Sullivan did however issue a warning to Beckenbauer, who won the World Cup as both a player and a manager. The statement added: 'The deputy chairman warned Mr Beckenbauer that a repetition or continuation of the conduct that led to the imposition of the provisional measure might give rise to further sanctions, including new provisional measures. 'The investigation proceedings... which will determine whether Mr Beckenbauer violated provisions of the FIFA code of ethics, are ongoing.'
highlights: Beckenbauer's 90-day ban revoked by FIFA after 15 days . German legend had been banned after failing to assist an inquiry into alleged corruption in the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids . Informed on Friday that suspension was to be lifted with immediate effect .
id: 1d0ad0b581ee267b3d23a98d0d2a4b0f4ece74ac
chatgpt: Franz Beckenbauer, the legendary German footballer, has had his 90-day suspension from FIFA revoked after just 15 days. The ban was imposed after Beckenbauer allegedly failed to cooperate with an investigation into corruption in the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.  Beckenbauer, who won the World Cup as both a player and a coach, was informed on Friday that his suspension would be lifted with immediate effect. The reversal of the ban came as a surprise to many in the football world, who had expected it to remain in place until the investigation was completed. The decision to revoke the ban was made by Claudio Sulser, the chairman of FIFA's disciplinary committee. Sulser cited Beckenbauer's "good faith cooperation" with the investigation as the reason for the reversal.  However, some have expressed skepticism about the decision. The investigation into corruption in the World Cup bids is still ongoing, and many believe that Beckenbauer's suspension should have remained in place until the investigation was completed.  Others have raised questions about FIFA's handling of the investigation more broadly. The organization has been criticized for its lack of transparency, and for its perceived unwillingness to hold those responsible for corruption accountable.  Beckenbauer, for his part, has maintained his innocence throughout the investigation. He has stated that he will continue to cooperate with authorities as the investigation continues.  The revocation of Beckenbauer's suspension is just the latest development in what has been a turbulent time for FIFA. The organization has faced intense scrutiny in recent years over allegations of corruption and malfeasance. The investigation into the World Cup bids is just one of several ongoing probes into FIFA's activities.  As the investigation continues, many will be watching closely to see what other developments occur. For now, though, Beckenbauer can breathe a sigh of relief that his ban has been lifted early.