article: A grieving father today spoke of his outrage his daughter's murderer could be released from prison - in the year she would have turned 40. Peter Streader, 71, says Marrick Rogers, 39, who sexually assaulted and murdered his 23-year-old daughter Claire in 1999, should remain in prison until he's at least 65. But he says officials have told him  Rogers, who still hasn't admitted the murder despite being convicted on DNA evidence, could be released soon. Peter Streader, 71, says Marrick Rogers, 39, who sexually assaulted and murdered his 23-year-old daughter Claire in 1999, should remain in prison until he's at least 65 . Rogers strangled Claire with her own jumper and was jailed in June 2000. He has always denied the crime . Rogers was found guilty by a jury in June 2000 of killing Claire before strangling her with her own jumper and dumping her body in a park in Canterbury, Kent. He was handed a life sentence with a minimum of 12 and a half years and has served 15 years. Mr Streader says Rogers has recently been moved to an open prison and is enjoying home visits to see his family. The former engineer, of Chartham, Kent, said Rogers should not be allowed to continue with his life when mother-of-one Claire, who worked as a cleaner, had hers taken away. He said: 'People just don't seem to get life anymore. He's served 15 years, which is more than his minimum sentence, but to me it just isn't enough. 'I think a life imprisonment should a life sentence and it's not. 'I don't believe in capital punishment, I have always said that, but 65 seems likes an appropriate age to be released.' Sinister: The murderer dumped his victim's body in a park in Canterbury, Kent . He added: 'By that time you don't really have much of a life in front of you. 'You won't be able to get a job, you can't have a family, but all these things will be available to him when he gets out. 'All these things that he took away from Claire and us as a family.' Rogers, a taxi driver, was convicted at Lewes Crown Court after his saliva was found on Claire's breast and bra following the murder on May 31 1999. He was originally ordered to serve a minimum of 14 years in prison but that was reduced to 12-and-a-half years on appeal. Claire's parents made an attempt to fight the sentence, which they believed was too short, but they were knocked back. An appeal by Merrick against his conviction was rejected in 2006.
highlights: Marrick Rogers, 39, murdered mother-of-one Claire Streader, 23, in 1999 . Her father Peter, 71, says he should remain in prison until he's at least 65 . Rogers still denies crime, despite his DNA being found on the body .
id: 5e3c532e5f984406a6da8b0b200c327b0b0d3292
chatgpt: Marrick Rogers, 39, stands convicted for the murder of 23-year-old Claire Streader, which he allegedly committed in 1999. The victim's father, Peter Streader, has recently put forward a plea that Rogers should remain incarcerated till at least age 65, to ensure that he receives the maximum punishment for his heinous crime. Claire Streader's murder case was one of the most gruesome and disturbing of its time, with the perpetrator leaving no apparent motive or reason for the cold-blooded killing. The victim was found dead, battered and bruised, and showing signs of strangulation. The investigation took several years, involving a series of interviews and DNA testing, before the evidence led to Marrick Rogers. The DNA retrieved from the crime scene linked Marrick Rogers to the murder, and he was subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment in 2006. Yet, even after years of incarceration, Rogers denies committing the crime and has maintained his innocence. However, Claire's father believes that his daughter's killer should remain locked up until his later years, as a gesture of respect for the family's suffering and a warning to other would-be offenders. Peter Streader has made his appeal to the Criminal Justice Board recently, saying that the punishment for the horror Rogers has inflicted on his family should be maximized to the fullest extent possible. He says that the time Rogers spends behind bars will never bring his daughter back, but that it will serve as a deterrent to others who harbor similar thoughts of committing such violent crimes. Mr. Streader expressed his emotions, saying that his daughter was a beautiful soul with a bright future that was cut short far too soon. He tells of how he still cannot bring himself to think about the brutal manner in which she was taken away from him and the family. The wounds, he says, are still very fresh and deep. As the court deliberates on the case, the question remains whether Peter Streader's plea for maximum punishment will be granted. Many argue that the crime committed was too brutal and incomprehensible to warrant mercy, while others are of the view that serving a prison sentence that might extend beyond the perpetrator's expected life span would be too harsh a punishment and deprive him of his right to freedom. The verdict of the court is yet to be reached, but one thing is certain - the devastating impact of Marrick Rogers' actions, which have left a lifetime of grief and mourning for the family of Claire Streader, will never be erased.