article: Sam Allardyce says Louis van Gaal didn’t offer him a drink after West Ham’s defeat at Manchester United last weekend. After United’s 2-1 victory at Old Trafford, the West Ham manager waited to have a drink with Van Gaal – a tradition Sir Alex Ferguson was fond of during his reign – but no offer was forthcoming from the Dutchman. And Allardyce says he was 'disappointed' by the snub. VIDEO Scroll down for Sam Allardyce's thoughts on match referee . Louis van Gaal greets Sam Allardyce (R) before the game, but there was no meeting afterwards . The West Ham manager admitted being 'disappointed' by what seems to be the end of a tradition at United . Allardyce recalls Sir Alex Ferguson always extended the courtesy of a glass of wine after the game . Writing in his column in theEvening Standard, the Hammers boss said: 'I always invite the visiting manager into my office for a drink and a chat after a home game. 'Which is why I was surprised and, yes, disappointed, that there was no such invitation following our match at Old Trafford last weekend. 'When all was done and dusted after the match, I went to where Sir Alex Ferguson was invariably waiting with a glass of wine — and everything had changed. I think the room is now used for analysis. 'I was told it didn’t happen any more, so I said “fair enough” and left.' Robin van Persie is congratulated by Luke Shaw after scoring what turned out to be the winner . Captain Wayne Rooney (C) was given his marching orders for a rash kick on Stewart Downing . United have agreed personal terms with Radamel Falcao over a proposed summer transfer . Meanwhile, United have already agreed the personal terms of a proposed summer transfer for loan signing Radamel Falcao in a bid to avoid a repeat of the wage wrangle they had with Carlos Tevez five years ago. United signed the Colombia centre forward on loan from Monaco on the last day of the summer transfer window. Having paid a loan fee of £6million to the French club for the 28-year-old, United have also agreed to a transfer fee of £43.5m if they decide to take the striker permanently at the end of the season. Like our Manchester United Facebook page.
highlights: Sam Allardyce is 'disappointed' that Louis van Gaal didn't offer him a post match drink at Old Trafford . Manchester United defeated West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash . Hammers boss used to enjoy having a glass of wine with former manager Sir Alex Ferguson after the game . Big Sam was told that the tradition was no longer happening . Red Devils have agreed terms over proposed transfer of Radamel Falcao .
id: 2211a22f8e7011953c34ba10a4f6aa8ad44c51bc
chatgpt: Sam Allardyce, the West Ham manager, has expressed his disappointment after his opposite number Louis van Gaal snubbed him following Manchester United's win over the Hammers. Allardyce claims that van Gaal refused to offer him a post-match drink at Old Trafford, something that the former Bolton manager looked forward to when he faced off against Sir Alex Ferguson. According to Allardyce, this tradition is no longer being practiced by United, a fact that has clearly upset the experienced coach. "We used to enjoy having a glass of wine with Sir Alex after the game, but the new United manager obviously doesn't do that," Allardyce said in a post-match press conference. "It's obviously disappointing because it was always a nice gesture, and I think it shows respect for your opponent." Despite the disappointment of the after-match snub, Allardyce's primary concern will be the performance of his team on the pitch. West Ham were defeated 2-1 by Manchester United in the Premier League clash, and Allardyce will be looking to bounce back quickly after the loss. The Red Devils, meanwhile, will be pleased to have secured the services of Radamel Falcao. According to reports, the Old Trafford club has agreed terms over a proposed transfer for the Colombian striker, a move that will bolster their attacking options for the remainder of the season. Falcao, who is currently on loan at United, has struggled to make an impact since his arrival from Monaco last summer. However, despite his lack of goals, the 30-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best strikers in the game, and his signing will be seen as a major coup for Louis van Gaal's side. For Allardyce, the focus will now shift to West Ham's next game, a home clash against Tottenham Hotspur. The Hammers have enjoyed an impressive start to the season, and despite the setback against United, Allardyce will be confident that his side can continue to compete at the highest level. As for Louis van Gaal, the Dutchman will be hoping that his team can continue their winning ways as they look to close the gap on league leaders Manchester City. United face Crystal Palace in their next game, and the Red Devils will be looking to secure another three points as they aim to challenge for the Premier League title.