article: Paris, France (CNN) -- About three dozen survivors of last month's brutal attack on a Baghdad church have found refuge in France, where they have been given temporary status as asylum seekers. The 35 Iraqis, many of them with bullet and grenade wounds, arrived by plane in Paris on Monday night and were taken by ambulance to hospitals. Another group of 93 people is scheduled to arrive in the coming weeks, France's immigration ministry said. French Immigration Minister Eric Besson said France was offering refuge to 150 victims of the attack as a gesture of friendship and support to Christians who face hardships. "France supports their desire to remain and live in peace on their land, where they have lived for centuries," Besson said. They will be issued a long-stay, renewable visa by the French Embassy in Baghdad, health coverage and a permit that allows them to work for at least six months. Besson said the government will help the Iraqis find jobs. A group called the Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility for the gruesome October 31 siege of the Sayidat al-Nejat cathedral that left 70 people dead and 75 wounded. The umbrella group includes a number of Sunni extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq. Among the dead were women, children and two priests. It was one of the worst attacks against Iraq's dwindling Christian minority in recent years. "It was five hours of terror, five hours where we didn't know whether we were going to live or die," said one of the survivors after arriving in Paris. Christians were once believed to have been a community of almost 1.5 million people in Iraq. But as many as half have fled the country since the war began in 2003. Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Athanasios Dawood in Britain has criticized the Iraqi government for failing to protect its minorities and has urged Iraqi Christians to flee their homeland. "I say clearly and now -- the Christian people should leave their beloved land of our ancestors and escape the premeditated ethnic cleansing. This is better than having them killed one by one," said Dawood, according to prepared remarks he sent to CNN. The latest church attack victims are being welcomed as part of a French government program for Iraqis belonging to "vulnerable religious minorities," Besson said. Since the program began in 2007, he said, France has welcomed 1,300 people under its auspices.
highlights: Some of the survivors are suffering from bullet and grenade wounds . Another group of 93 Iraqis is scheduled to arrive in the coming weeks . They are being welcomed as part of a program for "vulnerable religious minorities" The number of Christians in Iraq is dwindling .
id: 8df09c11ae87e27a7fc72800750700a964f794cf
chatgpt: A group of 46 Iraqi Christians arrived in France on Wednesday after a harrowing journey which left many of them wounded. They traveled by bus from Erbil in northern Iraq to Istanbul, Turkey where they caught a flight to Paris before being taken to a reception centre in Saint Pol-sur-Ternoise, northern France. The group, consisting mostly of women and children, have fled their homes due to persecution by ISIS. Many have suffered from bullet and grenade wounds and are in need of medical attention. The French government has promised to provide all necessary medical care. Meanwhile, another group of 93 Iraqi Christians is scheduled to arrive in the coming weeks. They are being welcomed as part of a program for "vulnerable religious minorities," according to French officials. The program seeks to provide refuge to those most at risk of persecution in their home countries. The number of Christians in Iraq has been dwindling in recent years due to the ongoing conflict in the region and the persecution of religious minorities by groups such as ISIS. The country's Christian population has fallen from around 1.5 million before the US-led invasion in 2003 to an estimated 250,000 today. France has been one of the most welcoming countries to Iraqi Christians fleeing persecution. In 2015, then-French President François Hollande announced that his country would take in up to 10,000 refugees from Syria and Iraq over two years, with a focus on "the most vulnerable people, particularly women and children." Other European countries, however, have been less welcoming. Last year, the UK's Home Office was criticized for rejecting the asylum application of an Iraqi Christian who said he had been persecuted by ISIS. The man, who wished to remain anonymous, said he had been kidnapped and beaten by the militant group and had to pay a ransom for his release. His case was one of many that have highlighted the challenges faced by Iraqi Christians seeking refuge in Europe. Many are rejected by immigration authorities who claim that they are not at risk of persecution in their home country. However, for those who do manage to make it to countries like France, the future is still uncertain. While they may be safe from persecution, they still face the challenges of integrating into a new society and rebuilding their lives from scratch. For many, the trauma of their experiences in Iraq will never fully heal.