article: Oftsed chief Sir Michael Wilshaw: Two-fifths of teachers quit within five years because the job is too tough . Thousands of newly qualified teachers are being ‘left to flounder’ in schools each year because of their inadequate training, England’s chief inspector warned yesterday. Sir Michael Wilshaw said it was a ‘national scandal’ that teachers were arriving for work completely unprepared for the job. The Ofsted chief inspector said 40 per cent quit the profession within five years of qualifying because they found it ‘too difficult’ and were ill-equipped to deal with unruly pupils. Sir Michael claimed teachers were being tutored by people with little ‘up-to-date’ experience and left to ‘flounder’ in schools with senior staff doing nothing to support them. In future, he added, Ofsted would be cracking down on course providers. He also took a swipe at unions for portraying the teachers  they represent as ‘perpetual victims’. About 30,000 teachers are trained each year, suggesting that some 12,000 of those switch careers after a short period of time. The average cost of training is around £10,000 – meaning tens of millions of taxpayers’ money is being squandered annually. Sir Michael said: ‘How many times have heads said to me their trainees had been tutored by people with little or no up-to-date school experience or a record of outstanding teaching? ‘Trainees have been sent into schools  inadequately prepared to deal with poor behaviour. Even worse, how many times have I heard they were left to flounder because they received little or no support from senior and middle leaders?’ The amount of new teachers leaving the profession was a ‘national scandal’ given the money invested in their training, he said. Sir Michael insisted there has 'never been a better time to be a teacher' despite the two largest unions, the National Union of Teachers and NASUWT, holding a series of strikes over pay and conditions (pictured) He added: ‘I think most of them leave because of misbehaviour. They find it far too challenging, far too difficult.’ There are several routes into teaching, including postgraduate certificates and school-based training including bursaries. Speaking at an education conference in Nottingham, Sir Michael said from September inspectors will ask newly qualified teachers if they ‘well supported, particularly in dealing with pupil behaviour’. If they were struggling, Ofsted will check who trained them – with the threat this could affect the institution’s inspection grade. He went on to insist there has ‘never been a better time to be a teacher’ – despite the two largest unions, the National Union of Teachers and NASUWT, holding a series of strikes over pay and conditions. ‘I find it extremely frustrating when teachers are portrayed, sometimes by their own representatives, as victims who have little control or say over their own professional lives,’ he said. ‘[They] risk infantilising the profession and depressing recruitment.’
highlights: Sir Michael Wilshaw said 40 per cent quit the profession within five years . He said the agency will be cracking down on the quality of training . Inspector also swiped at unions for making teachers 'perpetual victims' Discipline tsars would be introduced in every school under a Labour government to crack down on misbehaviour, education spokesman Tristram Hunt said yesterday. The ‘behaviour experts’ – either new members of staff or specially trained teachers – would help claw back control of classrooms from unruly pupils and allow teachers to do their jobs, he said.
id: b6251400dcd21a7236084c8e234b9f2ec8bdbe19
chatgpt: Discipline tsars could be introduced in every school under a Labour government to crack down on misbehaviour, according to education spokesman Tristram Hunt. The experts, either new members of staff or specially trained teachers, would be tasked with helping to regain control over unruly pupils and allow teachers to concentrate on educating. The announcement comes as former Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw warned that 40% of newly qualified teachers quit the profession within five years. He singled out the quality of training as a key factor in the high attrition rate and called for a crackdown on standards. Speaking at a conference in London, Wilshaw also criticised teaching unions for turning teachers into "perpetual victims" and called for greater accountability in the profession. Hunt's proposal for the introduction of behaviour experts comes in response to rising concerns over discipline in schools. In a recent survey, 93% of teachers said they had experienced verbal abuse from pupils and 61% said they had been physically assaulted. The proposed discipline tsars would aim to reduce the number of such incidents and provide support to teachers dealing with difficult behaviour. This would include working closely with parents and carers to identify and address issues at home that may be contributing to disruptive behaviour. Hunt also pledged to increase funding for targeted support to schools in areas of high need, including those with high numbers of pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds. The aim is to tackle the root causes of disruptive behaviour and provide additional resources to schools struggling to cope. The proposal has been met with a mixed response from teaching unions. While some have welcomed the idea of additional support in schools, others have expressed concern that the plan could lead to a further erosion of teachers' authority. The announcement comes as the government is also facing pressure over its plans to increase funding for selective grammar schools. Critics argue that this will exacerbate educational inequality and lead to further segregation in schools. Hunt's proposal for the introduction of discipline tsars may be seen as a response to these criticisms, as it highlights the importance of providing additional support to those pupils and schools that are most in need. The proposal is likely to form part of Labour's education policy platform ahead of the next general election. The party is currently trailing the Conservatives in the polls, but hopes that issues such as discipline and education funding may provide a key point of differentiation between the two parties.