article: The search for justice in Ferguson has spilled onto the football field as protestors say they plan to get into Edward Jones Dome and stop this weekend's St. Louis Rams game. The threat was first revealed at a St. Louis County Council meeting Tuesday night. 'It's not going to be a fun day Sunday at your beautiful Rams game,' one protestor reportedly shouted. Scroll down for video . Demanding justice for the death of Michael Brown, demonstrators say they'll stop this weekend's Rams game if Brown's shooter officer Darren Wilson is not arrested . Demonstrators demanded that for the game to go on, officer Darren Wilson, must be arrested and that County Prosecutor Robert McCullock be taken off the case . KMOX reports that St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson is doing whatever he can to stop those threats from becoming  a reality. 'We are having extra resources in the downtown area for this weekend to address any eventuality,' he said. He said that if a peaceful demonstration was held he would not interfere, but if they go beyond that the police will shut them down. The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that protestors at the meeting grew increasingly loud and angry, demanding that officer Darren Wilson, who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown, be arrested and that County Prosecutor Robert McCullock be taken off the case, as well as calling for the resignations of both County Police Chief Jon Belmar and Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson. Speakers demanded 6th District Democractic councilman Steve Stenger as McCulloch to hand in his resignation by noon on Wednesday. '12 Noon, Stenger! 12 Noon, Stenger!' they shouted. 'We will do everything in our power on election day because we see you sitting there with a smug look on your face,' said one unidentified speaker to Stenger. 'We will have our say in November when we go to vote.' Other speakers compared county officials to 'war criminals' or KKK members. Demonstrators also promised to disrupt grocery stores and hold an even bigger protest if the Cardinals make it to the World Series . 'You are ISIS to black people,' one said. Besides threatening this weekend's game, protestors said they would disrupt grocery stores as well as hold an even bigger demonstration should the Cardinals make it to this year's World Series. A video posted on YouTube titled 'St. Louis Rams: No Justice, No Football,' is even asking for donated tickets so more demonstrators can get into the game. 'So all of those St. Louis Rams fans who love justice, I will ask you to . contact me and to donate your St. Louis Rams tickets so protestors can . get in the dome,' says activist Umar Lee in the video.
highlights: Threat was made at St. Louis County Council meeting Tuesday as demonstrators also demanded the resignations of key county officials . Demonstrators also promised to disrupt grocery stores and hold even more massive protest if St. Louis Cardinals make this year's World Series . Police promise to shut down anything more than a 'peaceful' demonstration .
id: 5bee8edd69300f456178781f145053bdbe4696d8
chatgpt: A heated St. Louis County Council meeting on Tuesday was marred by a threat from protesters and calls for the resignations of key county officials. According to eyewitnesses, demonstrators not only demanded the removal of officials who they perceive as insensitive to their demands, but they also promised to disrupt grocery stores and other businesses if the St. Louis Cardinals make it to this year's World Series. The threat of disruption has met with a stiff response from the authorities. Speaking to reporters, a police spokesman promised to shut down anything more than "a peaceful demonstration." Protests in St. Louis have been ongoing since the verdict was reached in the Jason Stockley case. Stockley was acquitted in the shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith. Smith was a black man who was killed in 2011. Stockley was a white police officer, and his acquittal has been seen as a symbol of the racial divisions that exist in society. A group of activists, led by the organization Expect Us, has been organizing large-scale protests and civil disobedience actions in St. Louis. However, Tuesday's meeting was particularly tense. At one point, a demonstrator stood up and shouted a threat, prompting a swift response from the police. The individual was removed from the meeting and detained for questioning. The threat, coupled with the promise of disruption, has raised concerns about the potential for violence in the coming days. Local businesses have expressed concern, and some have even closed their doors ahead of expected protests. St. Louis residents are divided over the protests, with some supporting the activists and others expressing frustration at the disruption caused by the demonstrations. Meanwhile, calls for the resignation of key county officials have only intensified, with some activists accusing them of failing to address the root causes of racial inequality in St. Louis. However, officials have pushed back, arguing that they are committed to addressing the underlying issues and have made progress on a number of fronts. Despite the tension, St. Louis remains determined to move forward. While there are concerns about the potential for violence, there is also a sense of hope that the collective determination of the city's residents will help them overcome this difficult moment in their history. As the world watches, St. Louis will continue to grapple with issues of race, inequality, and justice. And as residents work to find a way forward, they will continue to demand that their voices be heard and that their city becomes a better, more equitable place for everyone.