article: (CNN) -- From the men on "Guys with Kids" to "The New Normal's" dads-to-be, prime time is full of fathers. And it's not just NBC. ABC's "Last Man Standing," which stars veteran TV dad Tim Allen, will premiere its second season in November, while ABC Family's "Baby Daddy" will be back with season 2 in 2013. Yep. It's a good time to be a TV dad. Just ask Scott Baio. The former "Happy Days" and "Charles in Charge" stars' "See Dad Run" is making its time slot debut on Nick at Nite Sunday. Baio plays David Hobbs on the network's first scripted series. Hobbs is an actor, famous for playing "America's favorite dad" on TV, who decides to stay at home with his three kids after his sitcom comes to an end and his wife (Alanna Ubach) goes back to work as an actress. The show-within-a-show premise prompts most of the laughs. Like when Hobbs recycles lines from his sitcom to try and communicate with his lovelorn teenage daughter (Ryan Newman). "I promise you," he recites, "there's one guy that will always be there for you no matter what." It's been awhile since Baio's fans have seen him in this capacity. After an arc on the third season of "Arrested Development" and two VH1 reality shows, the actor said he wanted to focus on his family and the Bailey Baio Angel Foundation, named after his daughter, which supports families affected by metabolic disorders. As a dad, Baio told CNN it was the premise of "See Dad Run" that lured him back to the soundstage, the same one "Happy Days" was filmed on, no less. "I related to it easily and that was it," he said. Of course, this isn't the first time Baio has cared for kids on TV. On the CBS sitcom "Charles in Charge," which ran from 1984 to 1990, Baio played a 19-year-old student who babysat three children in exchange for room and board. "There's nothing new under the sun. No new ideas," Baio said. "This is an idea that's not particularly original, but it's fun and it's funny." What makes "See Dad Run" different, Baio said, is the fact that "it's a story about a guy who is not an idiot like a lot of TV dads are. He's just ... playing catch up (after playing a dad on TV for 10 years), and he'll never really get there because nobody every really gets there." Being a dad in real life is "helpful" when it comes to playing a dad on "See Dad Run," Baio said, adding, it has shaped the way he approaches his character. "You don't really know what the hell you're doing most of the time anyway," Baio said. "I just sort of get through the day hoping I didn't screw it up totally. So that's what I try to do on the show, not screw up my kids emotionally."
highlights: Scott Baio's "See Dad Run" makes its time slot debut Sunday on Nick at Nite . Baio plays David Hobbs on the network's first scripted series . Baio, who is a dad, said the premise of "See Dad Run" lured him back .
id: d13b690122f13ec21e1325c063f7f48da1ea229e
chatgpt: This Sunday, television viewers are in for a real treat with the highly anticipated debut of the new Nick at Nite show, "See Dad Run." Starring the talented Scott Baio, the show promises to be a hit with parents and children alike. Baio, best known for his roles in "Happy Days" and "Charles in Charge," is taking on a new challenge as the lead in Nick at Nite's first-ever scripted series. "See Dad Run" follows the story of David Hobbs, a former television star who leaves the limelight to take on the ultimate role of a lifetime – being a dad. In a recent interview, Baio explained how the show's concept piqued his interest and ultimately lured him back to television. "The premise of 'See Dad Run' was too good to turn down," he explained. "I loved the idea of playing a role that was so relatable and grounded in reality." As a father himself, Baio seems to be the perfect fit for the show. He has spoken candidly about the challenges of balancing a successful career with being a good parent, and it's clear that his own experiences have influenced his portrayal of David Hobbs. "Being a dad is the hardest job in the world," he noted. "But it's also the most rewarding." Fans of Baio and family-focused programming will not want to miss the premiere of "See Dad Run" this weekend. The show promises to be a refreshing change of pace from the typical reality programming that dominates the airwaves. But "See Dad Run" isn't just about laughs and heartwarming moments – it also touches on more serious issues that many parents face. "We're not shying away from the tough stuff," Baio revealed. "We're tackling tough subjects like bullying, peer pressure, and social media addiction." Nick at Nite, known for its family-friendly programming, is clearly invested in the success of "See Dad Run." The network has been heavily promoting the show, and it's clear that executives are hoping it will become a staple of their lineup. The show's creators have also expressed their excitement for the upcoming premiere. "We're thrilled to be working with Scott Baio and to bring his unique brand of humor to Nick at Nite," executive producer Tina Albanese said in a statement. "We think viewers are going to love 'See Dad Run,' and we can't wait for them to tune in." With its talented cast, relatable premise, and engaging storyline, "See Dad Run" is sure to be a hit with audiences of all ages. Be sure to tune in to Nick at Nite this Sunday to catch the premiere of one of the most anticipated new shows of the season.