article: You'd forgive Danny Welbeck for feeling a sense of de ja vu on Saturday. Not only was he playing against Manchester United for the first time since leaving on transfer deadline day but, once more, we caught a glimpse of Welbeck the winger. The England international has spent his Arsenal career as the main man; the central striker - playing in the position he so craved during his time at Old Trafford. VIDEO Scroll down to watch  Wenger: We dominated United but weren't efficient defensively . Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck played his first game against his former side since his summer move . Welbeck is closed down by Manchester United defender Paddy McNair during the first half . The majority of Welbeck's touches came outside the area - click HERE to see more of our brilliant match zone . So you can only wonder what was going through his mind when he started the clash on the left wing, with Alexis Sanchez starting through the centre. Occupying the left-flank at United was often a frustration for Welbeck, but with Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie ahead of him in the pecking order it was the only way he could get a game under Sir Alex Ferguson and David Moyes. Welbeck had been warned a move wide was coming, Arsene Wenger all but confirmed he would on Friday now Olivier Giroud - who started the match on the bench - is fit again. It wasn't long, though, before we saw Welbeck moved back into his preferred role in the centre. Likewise, it wasn't long before he was shifted back out wide - and then back to a central striker position for the end of first half. Maybe, it was Wenger's way of easing him into a longer stint on the left flank once Giroud is fully match fit. And, almost inevitably, Wenger sent Welbeck back out wide - to the right this time - once Giroud was introduce in the 77th minute. You wonder what Welbeck was thinking when Giroud scored? Perhaps he should get used to be being a wide-boy. Welbeck checks on Arsenal and England team-mate Jack Wilshere after the midfielder goes down injured . Alexis Sanchez and Aaron Ramsey react to Kieran Gibbs' own goal while Welbeck stands over the ball . Chris Smalling stops Welbeck by putting in a superb last-ditch tackle on his former team-mate . Welbeck stands with former team-mates Michael Carrick, Smalling, Ashley Young and Paddy McNair . Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea saves a shot by Welbeck during his side's 2-1 win . Olivier Giroud came on to score Arsenal's only goal of the game against Manchester United .
highlights: Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck spent the majority of game on wing . Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud were handed chance to impress as main central striker . Giroud scored Arsenal's only goal of the game in 95th minute .
id: 438254b9a7b0dbae4fe2d8e5c0f4a25f14223eae
chatgpt: Arsenal had a tough match in the Europa League group stage against Red Star Belgrade on Thursday night. The team was hoping to secure a win and solidify their position at the top of their group. However, it seemed like the Gunners were struggling to find their rhythm in the game. Arsenal striker, Danny Welbeck, spent the majority of the match on the wing, rather than in his regular position as a central striker. Instead, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud were given the opportunity to impress in the main central striker position. While Sanchez had a few decent chances, it was Giroud who managed to make the most impact. Despite being held back for most of the game, Giroud finally found the back of the net in the 95th minute. The goal was the only one scored by Arsenal throughout the entire match. Giroud’s performance was particularly impressive given how the rest of the team struggled to create many chances during the game. The forwards faced some tough opposition in Red Star defenders Srdjan Babic and Damien Le Tallec, who made it difficult for them to find gaps. It wasn’t just the team’s attacking prowess that was lacking though. Arsenal also struggled defensively, with goalkeeper Petr Cech making several crucial saves to keep the scoreline level. Overall, it was a frustrating night for the Gunners. While they managed to secure all three points, it was a narrow victory that saw the team struggle to control the game. Speaking after the match, Arsenal boss Arsène Wenger praised Giroud for his decisive goal, saying that he was “happy” with the Frenchman’s performance. “I believe that Olivier Giroud is an important player in our squad and he proved that again tonight,” Wenger said. “He came on and made the difference.” While Giroud’s late goal certainly proved crucial, Arsenal will need to up their performance if they hope to secure a win in their upcoming Premier League match against Everton. The Gunners are currently fifth in the league, one point behind fourth-placed Chelsea. With the race for the top four heating up, Arsenal will need to be at their best if they hope to secure a spot in the Champions League next season.