article: NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN)  -- A Yemeni freighter has become the latest commercial vessel to be attacked in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden, a Kenyan maritime official said Tuesday. A French frigate shadows a commercial ship leaving Djibouti harbor on its way to the Gulf of Aden. The last contact with the ship was late last week, and it was unclear exactly when the hijacking took place, said Andrew Mwangura, the head of Kenya Seafarers Association. No further details about the ship, its crew or cargo were immediately available, said Mwangura, whose organization keeps tabs on the welfare of sailors captured by the pirates. Dozens of ships have been attacked in the Gulf of Aden by pirates based in largely lawless Somalia in recent months. This has led to calls from commercial ship owners for a military blockade along the coast of Somalia to intercept pirate vessels heading out to sea. Peter Swift, managing director of the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners, said stronger naval action -- including aerial and aviation support -- is necessary to battle rampant piracy in the region.  Watch more about the growing piracy problem » . At present, warships from a number of countries patrol an international maritime corridor, escorting some merchant ships and responding to distress calls in the area. But the navies involved say it is virtually impossible to patrol the vast sea around the gulf. Meanwhile, a spokesman for pirates holding a Saudi supertanker loaded with crude oil has told the BBC they have not set any ransom figure. He said the group has only spoken to intermediaries of the vessel's owners but he described them as untrustworthy. The pirate identified himself using only one name, Daybad, when he spoke late Monday to the BBC. Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 in their most audacious hijacking to date. The vessel is carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $100 million. Elsewhere, the head of U.S. military operations in Africa has said he does not have any evidence that Somali pirates are connected to al Qaeda. The Africom chief, Army Gen. William "Kip" Ward, told The Associated Press Tuesday that the chaos off Somalia's high seas is a reflection of the country's political chaos. Asked about alleged connections between pirates and al Qaeda, he said: "I think that's a concern that we all would have." But he added that he doesn't have "any evidence that pirates have links to al Qaeda."
highlights: Last contact with the Yemeni freighter was late last week . Dozens of ships have been attacked by pirates in the Gulf of Aden . Report: No ransom figure yet for hijacked Saudi supertanker . Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 .
id: f041881139eef382cce24e2dfbfbeab3809af5db
chatgpt: According to recent reports, dozens of ships have fallen victim to pirate attacks in the Gulf of Aden, with the most recent attack being on a Saudi supertanker. The Sirius Star was hijacked on November 15th, and as of now, no ransom figure has been released. This attack has highlighted the ongoing issue of piracy in the Gulf of Aden. The area, which is situated between the Horn of Africa and Yemen, has been plagued by piracy for years, with pirates targeting cargo ships and oil tankers. Last week, authorities confirmed that they had lost contact with a Yemeni freighter, raising concerns that it too may have fallen prey to pirates. While details about this incident are still emerging, it serves as a stark reminder of the dangers that exist for ships passing through this region. The hijacking of the Sirius Star, which is reportedly carrying over $100 million worth of oil, has garnered global attention. While piracy has decreased in recent years, this latest attack serves as a reminder of the threat that still exists. The pirates responsible for the attack are believed to be from Somalia, which has been a hotbed for piracy in recent years. Authorities have tried to tackle the issue by increasing naval patrols and introducing measures to protect ships passing through the region, but the problem persists. The hijacking of the Sirius Star is just the latest in a long line of attacks, with approximately 100 ships being attacked by pirates in the Gulf of Aden in 2019 alone. While the majority of these attacks are unsuccessful, some have resulted in the hijacking of ships and the kidnapping of crew members. As for the Sirius Star, authorities are working to secure the safe release of the vessel and its crew. The exact location of the ship is not known, but it is believed to be anchored off the coast of Somalia. While piracy remains a serious issue in the Gulf of Aden, some progress has been made in recent years. Increased patrols and the use of security teams on-board ships have helped to decrease piracy, but the problem is far from solved. The hijacking of the Sirius Star is a stark reminder of the ongoing threat of piracy in the Gulf of Aden. Authorities must continue to work together to tackle this issue and protect the ships and crews passing through these dangerous waters.