article: By . Spencer Matthews . I've done the best job of my life this week. I had to stand around in an Aladdin's Cave-like warehouse in south east London whilst several beautiful women sprayed body oil all over me. Eight hours straight of female hands roaming all over my body - rubbing lotion, teasing hair, stroking and undressing me - all for the sake of art. Well, all for the sake of my 2015 calendar anyway. Yes, I know it seems strange to be talking about next year already when we are barely into Spring but they do things well in advance these calendar people. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . This week Spencer got dirtied up for his 2015 calender shoot . In the video below you can see me being petted (not heavy) by a number of beautiful stylists and make-up ladies - to get me all oiled up and dirty. I'm well aware that they were there to do a job, but nevertheless I enjoyed the attention. That said, four weeks ago when I was given the date for this shoot I was more than a bit concerned. I was not in great nick, I'd let myself go a little bit with some pretty full-on partying and was looking decidedly lumpy and I knew that Signature Calendars and photographer Ruth Rose would want me in little more than my boxer shorts for most of the day. So I hit the gym hard and had quite a bit of help from my will power in a bottle - Forza T5 Super Strengths diet supplements. Spencer had great fun being man-handled by the women on set during his shoot . Spencer went for a mean and moody look for his calender but was happy to lark around when the cameras weren't on him . If you are going to turn around weight-loss and toning quickly you have to be pretty committed. Gym at least every other day - hour-long high intensity sessions. I went to Shaun Stafford at City Athletic in London. Go hard or go home - there's no point just standing round the gym watching other people. Push yourself, get it done, and then feel good about yourself afterwards. Ok, I'll admit I felt pretty sick a few times when I first started, but one or two T5s in the morning helped with an energy boost, and then one in the afternoon to stop snacking. Eating clean is another big must - 3 or 4 low or no carb meals a day and nothing after 7pm, and cut down on the booze and late nights (OK, I wasn't great at that). In total I dropped 12lbs in four weeks and ta-da - now I don't look to bad in a tight vest, pretending to be docker working hard down the shipyards. Spencer was sprayed with body oil to achieve his sweaty look .
highlights: Spencer traveled to an East London studio for his calendar shoot this week . The shoot lasted eight hours and involved a lot of body oil . Spencer dropped 12 pounds in four weeks to look fit in front of the camera .
id: 5b0e07037f012dde630a06ecda6545aac0ffd3dc
chatgpt: Spencer, the popular fitness influencer, just finished an intense calendar shoot in East London. The shoot took place in a studio and lasted a whopping eight hours. The stunning photos that were captured will be featured in Spencer’s upcoming 2022 calendar. The shoot was not easy, as Spencer had to make sure that he looked his best in front of the camera. In the four weeks leading up to the shoot, Spencer dropped an impressive 12 pounds to ensure that he was in peak physical condition. To achieve his desired look for the shoot, Spencer went on a strict diet and exercise regime. He turned to his trusted nutritionist and personal trainer, who guided him to eat a balanced diet and incorporate strength training and cardio into his daily routine. In addition to his fitness regime, Spencer also had to focus on his skin’s appearance for the shoot. He spent hours preparing his skin to ensure that it was looking its best on camera. To achieve this, he turned to a number of skincare products and even used body oil during the shoot to enhance the appearance of his skin. The shoot itself was a physically demanding feat, requiring Spencer to maintain different poses and hold them for extended periods. Despite the intense physical strain, Spencer persevered, focusing on the end result as motivation. Speaking about the shoot, Spencer explained, “It was challenging, but I knew I had to push myself to get the results that I wanted. It’s not everyday someone like myself is being featured in a calendar so I wanted to make sure that the photos came out as amazing as they could possibly be.” The end results of the shoot are nothing short of stunning. Spencer looks fit, toned, and confident in the photos, showcasing his physique and overall appearance. The use of body oil during the shoot also adds a unique element to the finished product, making Spencer look absolutely radiant from every angle. Fans of Spencer can expect the release of his 2022 calendar soon, which will showcase the amazing photos captured during the shoot. In the meantime, Spencer is basking in the success of his latest project, knowing that his hard work, dedication, and all of the body oil was worth it in the end.