article: By . Luke Salkeld . A group of travellers have won the right to stay on land under a motorway flyover - with new toilets installed at taxpayers’ expense. Council officials had tried to evict the travellers, but were beaten by a court injunction. The O’Brien family pitched up on the site near the M5 six weeks ago after they were apparently turfed off a nearby council-run site when their tenancy ended. Legal victory: A group of travellers has won the right to stay on land under a flyover on the M5, with portable toilets installed at taxpayers' expense . Bristol City Council applied for an eviction order but the travellers - who say they have nowhere to go - had already got an injunction blocking the order. Last week the council’s High Court bid to get the injunction removed was dismissed. Now bosses have been forced to install portaloos at the site in Shirehampton, Bristol, after locals threatened to collect excrement in the area and take it to local politicians’ homes. The call for loos at the site under the M5 motorway came from Steve Norman, an independent council candidate from nearby Avonmouth. His request, prompted by residents’ complaints about human waste, was initially refused by Nick Hooper, the council director responsible for gypsies and travellers. Mr Hooper wrote in an email: ‘It is vital that we do not create any impression that the Council is sanctioning the use of this land for travellers by installing facilities.’ But in a fiery reply, Mr Norman said: ‘I feel sure I could muster up enough fellow constituents to clean-up and bag the excrement free of charge and deliver it to yours and [Bristol] Mayor Ferguson’s abodes. ‘Clearly it is your intentions to take us back to the dark ages in Shirehampton/Avonmouth because deciding to act otherwise will give the wrong “impression”.’ After the council lost its court application last Thursday, Mr Hooper relented and said the council would provide temporary toilet facilities. The council relented and installed the loo after locals threatened to collect excrement in the area and take it to local politicians' homes . A spokesman for Bristol City Council said: ‘We have obtained a possession order which we are not able to pursue because of an injunction obtained to prevent the order being enforced. ‘We are unable to comment further as the matter is currently before the court for resolution.’ The authority will return to the high court in six weeks’ time in a big to once again get the family’s injunction removed. The O’Brien family said they had offered all along to pay for the toilet, but the council had refused - and then insisted they have it for free. They said they are currently on the waiting list for a place at the council’s permanent caravan site in nearby Ashton. Parminder Sanghera, a legal representative for the O’Briens, said: ‘The O’Brien family do not want to discuss their ongoing case. ‘I am not authorised to discuss any aspect of the case.’
highlights: Portaloos installed after council's bid to remove them was beaten by an injunction . Council installed toilets after residents threatened to take excrement to councillors' homes .
id: 7e5bee98f1d7d9a4ba5729a0ad09ae1381ddf457
chatgpt: Residents of a small town in the UK can breathe a sigh of relief as public toilets have finally been installed, following a lengthy legal battle with local council. The town council's bid to remove the existing porta potties was beaten by an injunction and the toilets have now been reinstalled in the same location. The temporary toilets were originally installed by the council several years ago, however, residents have since lobbied for more permanent facilities to be put in place. The town, which attracts many visitors due to its picturesque nature and popular events, has been without public toilets for over a year now, much to the frustration of local business owners and residents alike. The council's decision to remove the toilets sparked a backlash from residents, who threatened to take excrement to councillors' homes in protest. The residents argued that the council had a duty to provide basic facilities for tourists and locals, and that the removal of the porta potties was a violation of their rights. The council, however, argued that the toilets were not necessary and were causing problems due to anti-social behavior. The legal battle between the council and the residents ultimately ended in the residents' favor, with the court issuing an injunction preventing the council from removing the toilets. This decision came as a huge relief to the residents, who had spent months fighting the council to keep the toilets in place. Following the court's decision, the council begrudgingly re-installed the porta potties, much to the relief of the residents. Some residents, however, feel that the council's response was too little too late. "I think it's ridiculous that we had to go through all of this just to get basic facilities," said local business owner Mark Smith. "It's not as if we're asking for anything extravagant here, just a simple toilet for people to use." Despite the frustrations of some residents, many are simply relieved that the toilets are back in place. Local resident Helen Jordan said: "It's good to know that we'll have somewhere to go when we're out and about, especially for people with young children or elderly relatives. It's something that we shouldn't have had to fight for, but at least it's sorted now." The council, however, maintains that the porta potties are only a temporary solution and that they are exploring other options for more permanent facilities. "We understand that the residents have concerns about the porta potties and we're doing everything we can to find a more permanent solution," said a council spokesperson. "We're considering different options and we hope to have something in place soon." For now, however, the porta potties remain in place and residents can enjoy the peace of mind of having basic facilities available, whether they're out and about or protesting outside the council buildings.