article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 7:31 PM on 23rd October 2011 . A video has revealed the dramatic moment when police used pepper spray to break up a group of Polynesian men and boys performing a traditional dance after a high school football game. Police in Roosevelt, Utah, are being accused of overreacting after a pair of officers had tried to disperse a dozen or so performers blocking an exit after the Union-Uintah game on Thursday night. The Haka dance has been popularised by rugby players in New Zealand who chant, beat their chests and gesture aggressively before matches. Scroll down for video . Haka: Police in Roosevelt, Utah, are being accused of overreacting after a pair of officers had tried to disperse a dozen or so performers blocking an exit after the Union-Uintah game on Thursday night . Sprayed: The group in Roosevelt, a town of 8,000, had travelled around 125 miles to watch a relative play his final game for Union, who lost to rival Uintah and finished the season without a victory . The Maori tradition also can include fierce facial expressions. Haka dances are now performed at football and rugby games around the world. The group in Roosevelt, a town of 8,000, had travelled around 125 miles to watch a relative play his final game for Union, who lost to rival Uintah and finished the season without a victory. They were trying to boost Union's morale with the Haka as the players left the field, reported the Deseret News and Salt Lake Tribune. Spectators, coaches and players told police everything was fine and they should let them perform, said witness Jessica Rasmussen. But officers told them to make room and began using pepper spray. Pain: They were reportedly trying to boost Union's morale with the Haka as the players left the field . Professionals: New Zealand All Blacks perform a victory Haka behind the Webb Ellis cup after the 2011 Rugby World Cup final match New Zealand vs France at Eden Park Stadium in Auckland on Sunday . Ms Rasmussen said she and other bystanders also got spray in their eyes, ears and mouths. Union fan Jason Kelly said the way police reacted was an embarrassment to the community of Roosevelt. 'I've never seen anything like it. It was totally unprovoked' Union fan Jason Kelly . ‘I've never seen anything like it,’ Mr Kelly said. ‘It was totally unprovoked.’ Police said the incident is under investigation - and anyone is welcome to lodge a complaint. They said many people in the crowd knew the group was going to dance, but the two officers did not. Spectator Shawn Mitchell said while he did not view the dancers as a threat, the impromptu performance might have played a role in how police responded. ‘If they're going to do something like (the Haka), maybe some planning could be done ahead of time,’ Mr Mitchell said. See video here .
highlights: Police in Roosevelt, Utah, accused of overreacting after Union-Uintah game . Haka popularised by New Zealand rugby players who chant and beat chests . Group had travelled 125 miles to watch relative play final game for Union .
id: 33b18dfd25ec68a3d274ab87fe0d002d65db31d2
chatgpt: Police in Roosevelt, Utah, are being accused of overreacting after they reportedly shut down a group performing a traditional Māori Haka outside a high school football game. The Haka, popularized by New Zealand rugby players, involves a group of people chanting and beating their chests. The group had traveled 125 miles to watch a relative play in the final game of the season for Union High School. According to witnesses, police officers told the group that their performance was "inappropriate" and "disruptive." The officers reportedly demanded that they stop and leave the area immediately, even though the group had been asked to perform by the Union High School football team. Krystal Zabka, a member of the group who performed the Haka, described the police response as "shocking." She said, "we weren't doing anything wrong, we were performing a traditional dance that has a lot of meaning for our culture." The Haka is a traditional Māori war dance that has been used for centuries to intimidate opponents before battle. It is now commonly performed for non-sporting events, such as funerals and weddings, and has become a symbol of Māori identity. Many people have criticized the police response, with some calling it discriminatory. They argue that if the Haka had been performed by a non-Māori group, such as a cheerleading squad, it would not have been deemed disruptive or inappropriate. Union High School officials have also defended the group's performance. In a statement, the school said it was "disappointed in the treatment of our guests" and "proud to have had the privilege of hosting a performance of the Haka." The incident has sparked a larger conversation about cultural understanding and respect. Some have called for more education and awareness about cultural traditions and the history behind them. "This is a reminder that we need to do better as a society in educating ourselves about different cultures," said Kati Panzer, a member of a local cultural awareness group. "We need to learn to appreciate and respect traditions that are different from our own." The Roosevelt police department has not yet commented on the incident. However, their response has drawn criticism from many in the community who feel that it was unnecessary and disrespectful. The group that performed the Haka says they were simply trying to share their culture and support their loved ones. They say they hope the incident will lead to greater awareness and understanding of traditional and cultural practices. "We're not trying to cause trouble or make a scene," said Zabka. "We just want people to know who we are and where we come from."