article: A U.S. couple cleared in Qatar of the death of their child have been told they are free to return home, but roadblocks remain. An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared them of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 in a case that drew global attention to the Middle Eastern nation's justice system. Diplomatic sources told CNN that Matthew and Grace Huang are expected to return to the United States soon. But the couple has been unable to leave. The Huangs were blocked from leaving Qatar on Sunday at Hamad International Airport by immigration officials, who confiscated their passports, according to the Doha News agency, which cited a family spokesman Eric Volz. A new warrant had been issued for their arrest on unknown charges, the agency cited Volz as saying. But diplomatic sources said Monday the departure was delayed due only to legal procedures once people have been cleared of a crime. Neither U.S. nor Qatari sources anticipate problems, the sources said. But Matthew Huang told CNN's Brooke Baldwin Monday that each day that passes without their exit from Qatar is the continuation of an injustice. "We're tired, we're exhausted, and we want this to end," Huang said. He said he was unsure about the reports of a new warrant. As far as the couple knows, they have been acquitted and have been told they are free to leave, he said. "However, we are still stuck in Qatar, and we have not been permitted to leave," Huang said. For the moment, he said, the State Department is unable to secure their release. "We just want to resume our lives in the U.S. with our family and the Qatari government is just not allowing us to do so." State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Secretary of State John Kerry called Qatar's foreign minister to encourage the Qataris to let the Huangs leave. "As we understand it, there is some paperwork that needs to be filed. That is something that would of course be in the hands of the lawyers," Psaki said.
highlights: A U.S. couple has been cleared of the death of their child . They have been told they are free to go, but Qatari officials have blocked them . Diplomatic sources say their release is coming soon .
id: 360b458096ff7e27579394095f13cf44ecdbf82f
chatgpt: After facing a heartbreaking situation where their child lost its life, an American couple has been cleared of any wrongdoing. However, they are still unable to leave Qatar due to the authorities there blocking their exit. The married couple had been residing in Qatar with their young child when the tragic incident occurred. Since then, they have been subjected to questioning and legal proceedings. But, after much investigation, the authorities concluded that the parents were not responsible for their child's death. The news of their release was revealed by diplomatic sources who stated that the couple is now free to go. However, the process of obtaining official clearance from the Qatari officials has yet to be completed. The couple has not been allowed to leave the country without clearance from the authorities, which has caused them substantial distress. The American Embassy in Qatar has been continuously advocating for the couple’s release, and the State Department has also brought up this issue with their Qatari counterparts. As per diplomatic sources, the couple’s release is expected soon. This case has led many to question the validity and efficiency of the Qatari legal and judicial system. While the authorities acted within their rights to investigate the situation, it should not have taken so long for the couple to be cleared of accusations. Furthermore, the fact that they are still unable to leave the country has caused anxiety and distress for the couple. Parents deserve to be with their family during a time of grief and need, and this long delay in the clearance and release process has been difficult for the couple. It is essential that Qatari officials expedite the clearance procedure and allow the couple to return home to their loved ones. In conclusion, while the American couple has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the tragic incident involving their child, they are still unable to leave Qatar. The concerned authorities must take the required actions to facilitate their speedy and safe return to their home country.