article: Sam Allardyce does not expect his West Ham contract to be renewed until the last minute — but believes only a change in ownership will scupper his chances of a new deal. Allardyce has overseen a stunning season despite not knowing if he will have a future at the club beyond the summer, when his contract runs out. No talks have yet been planned but Allardyce, whose previous two-year extension was signed in May 2013, insisted he is ‘comfortable’ to wait. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is confident he will be offered a new deal by the club soon . West Ham supporters displayed a 'Fat Sam Out ' banner during West Ham's defeat to West Brom in April 2014 . Allardyce has managed to prove his doubters wrong by turning around West Ham's fortunes this season . James Tomkins scored the winner against West Brom to propel West Ham to their seventh win of this season . ‘I think it will happen like it did last time when we get closer to the end of the season,’ he said. ‘We will decide on where we are going and what we are going to do. ‘Just after getting promoted [in 2012] there were no new contract talks in the Premier League until April and the back of end May. It will probably be the same this time round. I’ve always been comfortable with that. I was last time and I’m comfortable with it this time.’ By Allardyce’s logical rationale, which is that good results will keep him safe, his future should be all but assured after an excellent start to the season. They face Swansea at Upton Park on Sunday looking for an eighth win of the campaign, boosted by the possible return of Alex Song and Diafra Sakho from injury. Former Barcelona midfielder Alex Song could make his return from injury against Swansea on Sunday . Allardyce said: ‘Whether you have a contract or haven’t got a contract, if you have good results you’re fine. If you haven’t got good results, whether you have a contract or not, you get sacked. ‘If you get a set of new owners then they might not like you and it doesn’t matter how well you do, they’ll move you on. From that point of view, I can’t see West Ham being sold at this moment in time.’ And he added: ‘We are winning a lot of people over. But any fans at any club, when results are not going well, make themselves heard. You always win them over if you start winning, playing better and buy better players.’ Senegalese striker Diafra Sakho is also expected to return after recovering from a a shoulder problem .
highlights: Sam Allardyce's contract with West Ham runs out in the summer . Alladyce signed a two-year contract with the Hammers in May 2013 . West Ham have had an excellent start to this season's Premier League . Allardyce's side face Swansea at Upton Park on Sunday . West Ham are targeting their eighth win of the campaign .
id: c5a0fd12beb6414a1ee1c96714d26cad0a941350
chatgpt: West Ham United's manager Sam Allardyce is set to see his contract with the club come to an end in the summer. Allardyce had signed a two-year contract with the Hammers in May 2013 and has since then overseen the club's progress in the top flight of English football.  West Ham has had an excellent start to their current campaign in the Premier League. Currently sitting at fifth place in the league table, the club has enjoyed a dominant performance in the competition so far. They have managed to secure seven victories out of the 10 games played this season. With Allardyce's contract up for renewal, there has been speculation regarding his future with the club. A spokesperson for West Ham United did not confirm whether the club is considering renewing his contract or not.  Allardyce has a good record with the London-based club, as he has managed them through promotion from the Championship to the Premier League in his first full season with them. He has also managed to keep the club in the top tier of English football since he took over as their manager. Despite Allardyce's achievements with the club, there has been criticism by some sections of the club's supporters regarding his management style. The club's board will have to evaluate whether he is the right man to take the club forward beyond the current season. West Ham United will face off against Swansea City at their home ground Upton Park on Sunday. The Hammers will be looking to record their eighth win of the campaign, and with the home support cheering them on, they will be hoping to secure all three points. The club has been playing an entertaining brand of football this season, and it looks like they will be up for the challenge. Swansea, on the other hand, has had an inconsistent run of form this season. They have managed to secure only three wins from the 10 games they have played so far. They will be hoping to cause an upset on Sunday by taking advantage of West Ham's inconsistencies at the back. The game on Sunday will provide Allardyce with another opportunity to showcase why he is still the right man for the job. The West Ham board will be watching closely as they evaluate whether to renew his contract or to move in another direction. In conclusion, West Ham United is enjoying a good season so far under manager Sam Allardyce. His two-year contract with the club comes to an end in the summer, and the board will have to decide whether to renew it or look elsewhere. All eyes will be on Upton Park on Sunday as West Ham United face Swansea in a crucial Premier League encounter.