article: Retailers like Target, Macy's, and Old Navy are starting their Black Friday sales earlier this year, but Walmart is surpassing their efforts by extending its Black Friday deals through the entire weekend. Bloomberg News reports that Walmart will include five days of sales both online and in stores  on Thanksgiving Day and continuing through 'Cyber Monday'. Walmart sales will begin at 12:01 a.m. for online only, with in-store sales beginning at 6 p.m. 'Black Friday has become Black Friday week,' Duncan Mac Naughton, Walmart's chief merchandising officer, said in a statement Tuesday. 'Our customers want to shop when they want to shop so we’re trying to expand the times and product availability with them.' And expanding they are. Scroll down for video . Black Friday: Wal-Mart announced Wednesday, that Black Friday will be a five-day event this year . Today reports that the five-day event will begin Thursday with Walmart offering discounts among many categories including kitchen appliances, toys, and DVD and Blu-Ray movies. Just two hours later, Wal-Mart will offer markdowns on electronics like Beats By Dr. Dre portable speakers. One reason Wal-mart and other retailers are pushing for a longer Black Friday event is because of the competition among the retailers, according to Today. 'You've seen a number of retailers pull forward their events … and you're seeing a lot of activity, which tells me [this holiday event] is going to be very competitive,' Mac Naughton said . ABC News reports that another reason retailers are expanding Black Friday sale events is because customers are using smartphones and other devices to compare prices before they go to check out the deals in stores. Thanksgiving Day: Walmart will include five days of sales both online and in stores beginning at 12.01am on Thanksgiving Day and continuing through Cyber Monday . A bunch of retailers are giving shoppers multiple grabs at Black Friday deals by opening hours earlier than usual. Target Corp. officials announced that it would open at 6pm on Thanksgiving day, two hours earlier than they opened last year, according to Bloomberg. Other retailers are following suit. J.C. Penney Co., Staples Inc., Macy’s Inc., and Best Buy Co. are opening earlier than ever on Thanksgiving day. Online Shopping: About 49 percent of consumers plan to turn to their electronics to research products and make purchases online this year . These retailer's effort to lure more shoppers into their stores may prove futile in an age where most people are shopping online. Bloomberg news reports that about 49 percent of consumers plan to turn to their electronics to research products and make purchases online this year. 'Black Friday is no longer an event for customers who wake up at the crack of dawn to get great deals,' Mac Naughton said. 'It’s become a family shopping tradition where everyone shops at some point throughout the weekend.'
highlights: Wal-Mart merchandising officer: 'Black Friday had become Black Friday week' Retailers are pushing for earlier openings during this year's Black Friday event . These retailer's effort to lure more shoppers into their stores may prove futile in an age where most people are shopping online .
id: 9db96b99ae5e1e99cb830ae2c3c8ada9dbd6911c
chatgpt: The yearly shopping extravaganza, Black Friday, has been a staple in American tradition for the past few decades. It’s a time when retailers offer incredible discounts on popular items to lure in hordes of shoppers through their doors. However, things are beginning to change. As the world becomes increasingly digital, the days of circling deals in newspaper ads and waiting in long lines for limited-time offers may be dwindling. With this said, retailers have gotten creative, making efforts to attract more customers to their brick and mortar stores. Shoppers have likely noticed the shift in recent years. What was originally a one-day event dubbed "Black Friday" has now become "Black Friday week." In an interview with CNBC, Wal-Mart's chief merchandising officer, Steve Bratspies, spoke to the change. "Black Friday has really become Black Friday week," Bratspies explained. "That whole week is important to us." Wal-Mart is not alone in this thinking, as retailers across the nation have started to embrace the new trend. Sales that used to be exclusive to the day after Thanksgiving are now available days, if not weeks, beforehand. For example, Target has jumped on board with five consecutive days of deals, with hopes that customers will keep returning throughout the week. Meanwhile, Macy's, JCPenney, and Kohl's will be opening their doors even earlier than they did last year — all with the intent of pulling shoppers from their computers and into stores. The problem with this trend, however, is that it may only be a temporary solution. As the internet continues to make shopping more accessible and affordable, brick and mortar shopping may one day become a thing of the past. With Amazon and other online retailers offering more and more deals, customers may begin to opt for the convenience of online shopping over the hassle of battling large crowds for a deal. For retailers, the looming threat of Amazon's strength could be what drives them to push harder for in-store sales this holiday season. From free grocery bags to waiving membership fees, retailers are really trying to get the upper hand. For many shoppers, Black Friday has always been a day to scavenge discount bins and grab great deals. However, with changing times and new shopping trends, it's becoming increasingly difficult to encourage people to come to physical stores. Bratspies admitted as much when he shared Wal-Mart’s plan to offer online deals on the day before Black Friday. As retailers begin to feel the squeeze, it’s becoming clear that the days of Black Friday may be numbered. Nevertheless, some retailers are betting that there’s still life in the in-store experience. With increasingly fresh approaches, retailers hope to attract a new generation of shoppers who will become lifelong customers. For many shopping aficionados, the in-store holiday shopping experience remains central to their experience, so there still is hope. In conclusion, while the future of Black Friday is uncertain, it’s clear that retailers are doing everything in their power to keep the tradition alive. From expanding the event from one day to a week, to offering special discounts and perks, retailers hope the allure of their in-store shopping experiences will keep their customers coming back for more. Ultimately, only time will tell if the tradition continues to thrive in the face of an ever-changing retail landscape.