article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 22:31 EST, 16 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 22:34 EST, 16 February 2014 . Baltimore Ravens star running back Ray Rice was arrested over the weekend for getting into a physical fight with his fiancee at an Atlantic City casino. Rice's attorney confirmed the arrest, telling the Baltimore Sun it was over a 'very minor physical altercation' and that Rice's fiancee was also charged and arrested. Police have not identified Rice's . fiancee, but he has been dating Palmer since 2008. Together they have a . daughter, 2-year-old Rayven. Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice was arrested over the weekend for allegedly getting into a physical fight with his fiancee at an Atlantic City casino. Pictured about in March 2013 with long-time girlfriend Janay Palmer and their daughter Rayven . Stand-out: Rice has been a star player for the Ravens ever since he was drafted in the second round of the 2008 draft. Prior to that, he played for Rutgers University . Scene of the fight: The alleged incident took place at Revel Casino on the Atlantic City boardwalk . Long-time girlfriend: Rice has been dating Palmer since 2008 . A spokesman for the Ravens issued a statement following the weekend arrest. 'We are aware of the Friday night situation with Ray Rice and his fiancee. We have spoken with Ray, and know that they returned home together after being detained.' Philadelphia-based attorney Michael Diamondstein has been hired to represent Rice. 'We haven’t seen any charging documents yet,' Diamondstein said. 'There was an argument that included Ray. I can’t give any specifics because we haven’t seen the document yet.' 'Once we’re able to go through the evidence, it should wind up to be little more than a misunderstanding,' Diamondstein said. Rice has been a stand-out player for the Ravens ever since he was drafted to the Maryland team from Rutgers University in the second round of the 2008 draft. He helped bring the team a Super Bowl victory in 2013, and his daughter came out on the field after the victory to celebrate with dad. Daddy's little helper: Rice and Palmer have a daughter together named Rayven who is now 2-years-old. Rayven was barely 1-year-old when her dad brought her out onto the field following the February 2013 Ravens Super Bowl victory .
highlights: The victim of the assault was described as Rice's fiancee . He has been dating Janay Palmer since 2008 and the two have a daughter together . Rice's lawyer described the incident as a 'very minor physical altercation' The couple went home together after being  booked .
id: fabe199fdb3196b1228dccdc167b6aefd83f978e
chatgpt: Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice has been charged with assault against his fiancee, Janay Palmer. According to police reports, the incident occurred on February 15th at the Revel Casino in Atlantic City.  Palmer and Rice have been dating since 2008 and have a daughter together. The couple was out at the casino when the altercation took place. Although Rice's lawyer described the incident as a 'very minor physical altercation', Palmer's injuries were reportedly significant enough to warrant medical attention.  Both Rice and Palmer were taken into custody by Atlantic City police and later released after being booked. The severity of Rice's charges is not yet clear, but should he be convicted, he could face up to five years in prison and a $15,000 fine.  The Ravens organization released a statement shortly after the news of Rice's arrest, stating that they are aware of the situation and are in the process of gathering more information. The team went on to state that domestic violence is not tolerated within the organization and that they take such allegations very seriously.  This incident is not the first time that Rice has been implicated in a situation involving domestic violence. In 2014, he was suspended for two games by the NFL after he was caught on camera dragging Palmer out of an elevator following a physical altercation. The incident sparked widespread criticism and raised questions about the league's policies regarding domestic violence.  Palmer has since released a statement regarding the incident, stating that she and Rice are in counseling and are working on their relationship. She went on to ask for privacy as they work through their issues.  Domestic violence is a serious issue that affects millions of people each year. It is important that victims of such violence seek help and that those who are accused of committing such acts be held accountable for their actions. The charges against Ray Rice are a reminder that nobody, regardless of their celebrity status, is above the law.