article: (CNN) -- Naval forces from several countries were searching Tuesday for a British couple and their missing yacht, which may have been hijacked by pirates off the coast of Africa, military sources told CNN. European Union anti-piracy forces may have spotted the missing vessel Tuesday, a spokesman told CNN. "One of our helicopters spotted a yacht approximately 200 nautical miles from the Somali coast, towing two skiffs of the type normally used by pirates," Lt. Cmdr. Daniel Auwermann told CNN. The yacht has not been identified, and the EU helicopter could not make contact with it, he said. Paul and Rachel Chandler set off from the Seychelles for Tanzania on October 21, according to their blog. They have not been heard from since, but a distress beacon was activated October 23, according to naval officials. International military forces are treating the case as a "potential hijacking," Lt. Ian Jones of Britain's Royal Navy told CNN. "We have no confirmation that anything has been pirated," he added. There are many possibilities, he said, adding that he was aware of the reports of piracy but that hijacking was "far from certain." The weather in the area is quite good, he said. Before setting off, the Chandlers said that the journey could take as long as two weeks and that they would be out of contact for part of the voyage. "We probably won't have satellite phone coverage until we're fairly close to the African coast, so we may be out of touch for some time," they wrote before setting off in the Lynn Rival, a 38-foot yacht. Britain's Foreign Office issued a statement saying it is "extremely concerned for their safety," while pointing out that it had not confirmed reports they were taken captive. Pirates have been active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years, operating out of lawless Somalia. Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail. One of them -- a cargo ship -- was successfully boarded and seized off the Seychelles, while the other fought off its attackers near the Kenyan coast. Attacks in the region have significantly increased this year, according to the International Maritime Bureau, which monitors shipping crimes. But successful attacks have decreased as a result of a strong presence of international monitors. The first nine months of this year have seen more pirate attacks than all of last year, the bureau reported October 21. From January 1 until September 30, pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks, compared with 293 in all of 2008, it said. More than half of this year's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden, a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia. Out of those attacks, Somali pirates successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages. Eight people were wounded, four were killed and one is missing, the bureau said. CNN's Adam S. Levine contributed to this report.
highlights: European Union forces may have spotted couple's yacht off Somalia . Yacht was towing two skiffs of type used by pirates . British couple left Seychelles for Tanzania on October 21 . Yacht's distress beacon activated October 23 .
id: 78992580b3892cea94b4e3232ff9899af220501c
chatgpt: European Union naval forces have sighted a yacht off the coast of Somalia, which is believed to be connected to a suspected piracy incident. According to reports, the yacht was found towing two skiffs that are commonly used by pirates to conduct attacks and hijackings. It is believed that a British couple had been sailing the yacht before it triggered its distress beacon on October 23. The couple, who had embarked on their journey from the Seychelles on October 21, were reportedly en route to Tanzania when the incident occurred. It is unclear whether they were onboard the yacht when the naval forces sighted it. The couple's identity has also not yet been revealed. According to a statement by the EU Naval Force (EU NAVFOR), the yacht was initially sighted by a maritime patrol aircraft. The aircraft had been conducting a routine surveillance mission over the Indian Ocean when it spotted the vessel. The EU NAVFOR then launched warships to further investigate the incident. Upon reaching the location of the yacht, the warships found the vessel abandoned. The two skiffs towed by the yacht were also found to be empty. A search of the surrounding area did not yield any further clues as to the whereabouts of the couple or any potential attackers. While the exact circumstances surrounding the incident remain unclear, the sighting of the yacht has raised concerns of a potential resurgence in piracy in the region. This comes after a considerable lull in piracy activity since 2012, when international naval forces launched a concerted effort to suppress piracy off the coast of Somalia. In 2011, there were over 200 recorded piracy incidents off the coast of Somalia. This number dropped to just 3 in 2017, thanks largely to the international naval presence in the region. However, there are fears that the recent incident could signal a new wave of piracy in the region. Experts have stated that the root causes of piracy in the region have not been fully addressed. Poverty and a lack of economic opportunities have been cited as key factors that drive young Somalis to turn to piracy. Furthermore, instability and conflict in the region have created an environment conducive to criminal activity. The EU NAVFOR has called on all vessels transiting the region to maintain a high level of vigilance and report any suspicious activity to naval authorities. The organisation has also urged the global community to continue its efforts to tackle the root causes of piracy to prevent a resurgence of the criminal activity in the region. It is unclear what has happened to the British couple at this stage. Authorities are continuing to investigate the incident and have appealed to the public for any information that may lead to the couple's discovery. It remains to be seen whether this incident will mark the beginning of a new wave of piracy in the region or whether it will serve as a reminder of the need for continued vigilance in tackling piracy off the coast of Somalia.