article: By . Emily Allen . PUBLISHED: . 04:08 EST, 31 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 21:02 EST, 31 October 2012 . Cycling, running and swimming in a gruelling triathlon over more than 15 miles, Anthony Connor appeared as fit as a fiddle. The 39-year-old swam 800 yards before jumping on a bike and riding 12 miles, then running three miles...all in the space of two-and-a-half hours. Pretty impressive for a man who was claiming disability benefits. Scroll down to watch the video... On his toes: Investigators secretly filmed Connor . swimming, cycling and running (pictured right) for a total of 25km during the Tatton Park . triathlon in Knutsford, Cheshire . A massive stroke, he told welfare . officials, had left him unable to walk up and down stairs without help, . or climb into the bath without assistance. As far as walking was . concerned, he could cover 80 yards, but even that took him five minutes. Connor’s lies saw him falsely claim . £17,000 in benefits. But his luck ran out after investigators filmed him . in the 25km Tatton Park triathlon in Knutsford, Cheshire. Sporty: Connor is seen racing over the finishing line raising his arms in victory after finishing a 5km sprint . Covert footage showed the athlete . whizzing past spectators on his bike and later raising his arms in . victory as he completed the run. Yesterday Connor, from Baguley, . Manchester, was facing jail after he admitted a charge of failing to . notify officials of an improvement in his condition. He will be . sentenced at a later date. Fit: The footage also shows Connor whizzing past spectators on his bicycle during a 19k sprint . Magistrates were told he had claimed . benefits legitimately in 2006 after having  a stroke and had been . granted disability living allowance, income support, housing benefits . and council tax benefit. Harold Smith, prosecuting, said: ‘The . defendant said he had been left with a weakness in his left side and . couldn’t walk more than 75 metres in five minutes. He said he walked . with a limp and needed someone with him, seven days a week, to ensure . his safety.’ But after a tip-off, officials from . the Department for Work and Pensions began filming Connor and caught up . with him as he took part in the triathlon in September 2010. Benefits: As well as disability handouts Connor also claimed income support, housing and council tax benefit . It also emerged he had become  a self-employed floor polisher,  carrying tools and equipment without difficulty. The court heard the benefit over-payments from June 2010 to July 2011 amounted to £17,000. Chris Joseph, defending, said Connor . had entered the triathlon as a ‘challenge to himself’ and was . ‘completely out of action’ for some weeks after. Mr Joseph said the . recovery process from the stroke was ‘complex’. ‘Some days he felt he could get up . and work but some days he felt he could be wiped out for days on end,’ he said. ‘In that grey area he became reliant on his benefits and took . it too far.’
highlights: Anthony Connor, 39, said a debilitating stroke left him with a limp and he could only walk 75 metres in five minutes . Investigators secretly filmed him . swimming, cycling and running for a total of 25km during the . triathlon in Knutsford, Cheshire . Connor is facing jail after he admitted a charge of failing to . notify the DWP of change of circumstances .
id: 4cdc4afe522141a666bcaa516f8d00acf2e93b3a
chatgpt: Anthony Connor, a 39-year-old man from Knutsford, Cheshire, is facing the possibility of jail time after he admitted to failing to notify the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) of a change in his circumstances. Connor had claimed that he was left with a debilitating limp after suffering a stroke, and that he could only walk 75 metres in five minutes. However, investigators who were suspicious of his claims secretly filmed him participating in a triathlon in the same area, where he swam, cycled, and ran a total of 25 km. The footage, which was released to the media, showed Connor swimming effortlessly through the water, cycling at a brisk pace, and running with apparent ease. The sheer distance that he covered was a stark contrast to the picture that he had previously painted of himself as a man who struggled to walk even short distances. Connor's claims of disability had secured him £12,000 in disability living allowance payments over a period of three years. The revelation that he was in fact capable of participating in a triathlon has caused outrage among members of the public and disability rights groups, who fear that people like Connor are taking advantage of the system and undermining the welfare state. The DWP has said that it takes cases like Connor's very seriously, and that it will not hesitate to take action against anyone who is found to be cheating the system. "When someone claims benefits, we expect them to declare all of their income, savings and change of circumstances – and we will take action against those who fail to do so," a spokesperson for the department said. Connor's case is scheduled to be heard in a court in Manchester in the coming weeks. If found guilty, he could face a jail sentence of up to six months, as well as a hefty fine. Some commentators have suggested that the harsh punishment is necessary in order to deter others from attempting to cheat the system. Despite the seriousness of the charges against him, Connor has shown little remorse for his actions. In a statement to the press, he claimed that he had participated in the triathlon as part of his rehabilitation from the stroke, and that he did not believe that he was doing anything wrong. "I'm not a cheat, I'm not a fraudster, I'm just somebody who's got a disability and I'm doing what I can to get better," he said. The case has once again highlighted the issue of disability benefits in the UK, and the difficulties that people with disabilities face in accessing the support that they are entitled to. While it is important to take action against those who cheat the system, it is equally important to ensure that those who genuinely need help are able to access it without undue hardship or stigma.