article: (CNN) -- In an audio message released Sunday, a speaker identified as al Qaeda's second-in-command offers condolences to the Turkish people on the loss of nine activists in a May 31 Israeli raid on an aid flotilla headed for Gaza. The incident badly frayed Israel's once-close relationship with Turkey. The speaker, who was identified as Ayman al-Zawahiri, said in the message the incident underscores the need for Turkey to stop cooperating with or recognizing Israel. "Change will come when the Turkish people demand that their government ceases all aspects of cooperation with Israel and stop recognizing Israel and when they ask their government to stop sending their (Turkish) armed forces to fight the Muslims in Afghanistan and end their battle against Islam and the Sharia," al-Zawahiri said. The message is identified as being a production of As-Sahab production, a company typically handles al Qaeda communications. Although CNN cannot independently authenticate the audio message, it appeared on various radical Islamist websites known for posting similiar statements, messsages and recruitment videos by al Qaeda figures. In the message, titled "A Message to the Turkish Muslim people," the speaker said the blockade of Gaza by Israel "is another form of the criminal acts waged against the Muslim world by the Crusader Zionist alliance." "We must change this disgusting reality that we live in," he said. "This will not take place by sending (a) few relief aid ships or starting one demonstration or another." "The Turkish people need to restore the glorious role of the Ottoman Empire when they used to defend every Muslim land from all outsiders," he said. "The role of the Turkish Muslim people cannot be minimized into an aid ship or two that are being sent to Gaza." Israel has maintained its troops used force on the activists after they were attacked by those on board one boat in the flotilla, the Mavi Marmara. Soldiers were attacked with knives, metal poles and other objects, Israeli officials have said. But passengers on board the boat insist Israeli troops fired on them without provocation. In the Sunday message, the speaker said Turkey condemns the "Israeli crimes against our Muslim brothers in Gaza, but still they commit the exact crimes against the Muslims in Afghanistan ... The Turkish people must stand up and be responsible for their government's action in recognizing those who violated and stole the land in Palestine and end the collaboration with the crusaders in killing Muslims in Afghanistan." The last message purporting to be from al-Zawahiri was on July 27, when he mourned the loss of al Qaeda senior commander Sheikh Mustafa Abu Yazid, killed along with family members. He also called on Muslims to unite behind al Qaeda and wage jihad against their governments if they want change. CNN's Saad Abedine contributed to this report.
highlights: Ayman al-Zawahiri says Turkey should stop recognizing Israel . In audio message, he decries blockade of Gaza . The May 31 flotilla incident left 9 Turkish activists dead .
id: a334cf227b838ffb6d8b7faab35ac25780bf6532
chatgpt: In a new audio message, Ayman al-Zawahiri, the leader of al-Qaida, has called on Turkey to end its recognition of Israel. The message comes as tensions continue to rise in the Middle East following the recent Israel-Gaza conflict, which left hundreds of Palestinians dead. In his message, al-Zawahiri decried the blockade of Gaza, which has been in place since 2007, saying that it was "unacceptable" and that "all Muslims should work to end it." He also highlighted the violence that has occurred in the region, including the May 31 flotilla incident, in which nine Turkish activists were killed by Israeli forces. The incident occurred when a flotilla of activists attempted to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza by sailing to the territory with humanitarian aid. Israeli forces intercepted the flotilla and clashed with the activists. The incident was widely condemned by the international community, and Turkey, which had previously had friendly relations with Israel, downgraded its diplomatic ties with the country in response. Al-Zawahiri's message is likely to further strain relations between Turkey and Israel. The two countries have already had a difficult relationship in recent years, with Turkey frequently criticizing Israel's policies towards the Palestinians. Al-Zawahiri's message also comes amid concerns about the resurgence of al-Qaida in the region. The terrorist organization has lost much of its power in recent years, but it has continued to operate in a number of countries, including Syria, Yemen, and Afghanistan. The audio message is the latest in a series of statements from al-Zawahiri, who has been leading al-Qaida since the death of its founder, Osama bin Laden, in 2011. In his messages, he has frequently criticized the United States and its allies, and called for Muslims to rise up against what he sees as the oppression of their people. Experts say that al-Qaida's continued presence in the region is a cause for concern, as it has been able to take advantage of the chaos and instability in many countries to expand its operations. The group has also been able to attract new recruits by presenting itself as a defender of Islam against the West. With tensions remaining high in the Middle East, and the threat posed by al-Qaida and other extremist groups continuing to grow, there are fears that the region could be facing a new period of conflict and instability. Governments and international organizations will need to work together to address the underlying grievances that have led to the current situation, and find ways to prevent further violence and bloodshed.