article: Late night TV host Jimmy Kimmel apologized for airing a clip of a child suggesting that "killing everyone in China" could be a solution to America's debt problem. "You know, today is a weird day," Kimmel said on Monday's show.  "There seems to be a lot of people upset with me, more upset than usual." Chinese-American groups organized several protests and a petition drive after the October 16 broadcast of ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live." The offending remark came while Kimmel was talking to a group of children, ages 5 and 6, about the United States government's debt, much of which is held by China. "America owes China a lot of money, $1.3 trillion," Kimmel told the children.  "How should we pay them back?" "Shoot cannons all the way over and kill everyone in China," one boy said. "Kill everyone in China? OK, that's an interesting idea," Kimmel said. He then posed the question: "Should we allow the Chinese to live?" While one boy said, "No," most of the children said, "Yes." "If we don't allow them to live, then they'll try to kill us," a girl said. "Well, this has been an interesting edition of Kid's Table -- The Lord of the Flies edition," Kimmel said as the segment ended. ABC published an apology Friday, saying the network "would never purposefully broadcast anything to upset the Chinese community, Asian community, anyone of Chinese descent or any community at large." The letter from ABC executives addressed to the 80-20 National Asian American Political Action Committee promised "swift action to minimize the distribution of the skit by removing it from all platforms and editing it out of any future airings of the show." "I thought it was obvious that I didn't agree with that statement, but apparently it wasn't," Kimmel said Monday.  "So I just want to say I am sorry. I apologize. It was certainly not my intent to upset anyone." He ended his apology by saying, "I'm here to turn frowns upside down."
highlights: Kimmel: "There seems to be a lot of people upset with me" He asked a panel of children how they would resolve the U.S. debt to China . Child panelist: "Shoot cannons all the way over and kill everyone in China" Groups protested, started petition drive against the ABC show .
id: c7e1a9db54f99aa201fc97c334fb8c01c0147dff
chatgpt: Late night talk show host, Jimmy Kimmel, has found himself in hot water this week after a segment on his show sparked outrage from viewers and advocacy groups both in the United States and in China. During a segment of Jimmy Kimmel Live, Kimmel posed the question of how the United States should resolve its debt to China to a panel of children. One child panelist responded by suggesting the use of cannons to "shoot all the way over and kill everyone in China." The comment sparked immediate backlash from advocacy groups, including the 80-20 Initiative, a political advocacy organization that represents Asian-American and Pacific Islander interests. Protests have been held outside the ABC network headquarters in New York City, and a petition drive has been started online calling for Kimmel's show to be taken off the air. The petition cites the offensive nature of the comment about the Chinese people and calls for ABC to apologize for airing it. Kimmel initially responded to the controversy on his show, saying, "I just want to say something to all the people who are upset with me. I'm sorry, but I always try to have fun by poking fun at our differences." He went on to say that he did not endorse the child panelist's comment and that he had no intention of causing offense. However, many groups and individuals remain unsatisfied with Kimmel's response. The 80-20 Initiative released a statement calling for ABC to engage in a dialogue with the Asian-American and Pacific Islander communities to address this issue. This controversy once again highlights the importance of sensitivity in public discourse, especially on topics that can be seen as divisive or controversial. While Kimmel's intention may have been to make a lighthearted joke, the offensive comment made by one of his child panelists has sparked intense backlash and calls for action. At this time, it remains unclear what the future holds for Jimmy Kimmel and his late night show. However, this incident serves as a reminder of the power of public discourse and the need for individuals in positions of influence to be more mindful of the impact their words can have.