article: John Balyo, 35, (pictured at his arrest last week) a former DJ for Christian station WCSG, was charged with having sex with a minor. FBI revealed today they found his storage unit containing handcuffs and duct tape . A Christian radio host has admitted to raping a 12-year-old boy, a prosecutors said on Monday. John Balyo, 35, was arrested last Friday while at the Big Ticket Christian music festival in Gaylord, Michigan. He was a morning show host on Christian station WCSG. The 35-year-old admitted to raping the child, a Calhoun County prosecutor said at Balyo's arraignment on Monday. The accused, of Caledonia, Michigan, was denied bail after being charged with first- and second-degree criminal sexual conduct.  He is now facing the rest of his life in prison. Balyo got married in April and has a stepson, according to the Christian Post. According to Mlive.com, prosecutor . David Gilbert said Balyo admitted to 'some' charges which police said . related to a single incident at a home in Battle Creek on May 17. The . DJ allegedly paid resident Ronald Moser, 41, to have sex with a young boy. Authorities who raided Moser's property on June 5 found him at the home with a 12-year-old boy. According to mlive.com, in a photo album allegedly posted online by Moser, there were ten images of a young boy lying face down on a bed. His hands and feet were bound and he was wearing only underwear, which had been rolled up to show his buttocks, according to a federal agent. The albums had titles such as 'very cute boy,' and 'sexy boys', police said. The FBI said Moser put images online and planned to trade in child . porn.  It is alleged that Moser ran a website providing sex with underage boys for money. The investigation into the alleged pedophiles has involved multiple agencies as part of a larger 'Operation Predator'. Balyo was fired from his job at WCSG and the station publicly asked for prayers for the former host, his family and alleged victims. The 35-year-old had been at the radio station for eight years. Scroll down for video . The Christian radio host, pictured on his show, allegedly had sex with a boy after he paid a pedophile to set up the encounter for him . In a statement, WCSG said: 'We sincerely grieve over these recent . events, in particular the tragic impact on victims and their parents. The trafficking and exploitation of minors is absolutely deplorable. 'The WCSG family is deeply aching and know you may be hurting as well.' A spokesman added: 'We know that no one, absolutely no one, . is immune from falling into the darkness of sin. And yet, we have hope. Those who truly follow and live for Jesus Christ know He alone has the . power to restore broken lives and broken trust.' Balyo is due back in court on July 7 and faces trial on August 18.
highlights: John Balyo, 35, was arrested last Friday while at the Big Ticket Christian music festival in Gaylord, Michigan . The 35-year-old admitted to raping the child, a Calhoun County prosecutor said at Balyo's arraignment on Monday . Balyo, who got married in April and has a stepson, was immediately fired from his radio job .
id: 9da64af054bd94ee8617a530a5c6e282b889f141
chatgpt: A shocking incident of child molestation has come to light as 35-year-old John Balyo was arrested last Friday while attending the Big Ticket Christian music festival in Gaylord, Michigan. Balyo was immediately fired from his radio job after the arrest. At his arraignment on Monday, a Calhoun County prosecutor revealed that Balyo had admitted to raping the child in question. The exact age and gender of the victim has not been released to the public at this point. Balyo had recently married in April and has a stepson. The Big Ticket Christian music festival is an annual event that draws thousands of attendees from across the country. It is unclear whether Balyo was there in an official capacity as a radio personality or simply as a festivalgoer. The news of Balyo's arrest and subsequent admission has sent shockwaves through the Christian music community. Many of his former colleagues and acquaintances have expressed shock and disbelief at the allegations. In the wake of the arrest, the Christian music community has been grappling with how to respond. Some have called for tighter screening of festival attendees, while others have called for more accountability among Christian leaders and organizations. Balyo's case is just one of many recent incidents of child sexual abuse within the Christian community. The issue has gained more attention in recent years, in part because of the #MeToo movement and increased awareness of the prevalence of sexual abuse in all facets of society. While the specifics of Balyo's case are still unfolding, it is clear that the Christian community must take a hard look at itself and its practices in order to address this pressing issue. Many are calling for more transparency and accountability, as well as increased education and prevention efforts. In the meantime, Balyo remains behind bars, awaiting his trial. He is facing serious charges that could result in a lengthy prison sentence if he is convicted. The victim and their family will also need support and healing in the aftermath of this traumatic event. As more details emerge about this tragic case, the Christian community will no doubt continue to grapple with its implications and work to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. It is a sobering reminder that even within ostensibly safe and wholesome spaces, there can be darkness and danger lurking beneath the surface.