article: Russian schoolboy Ilya Gavrichenko thought he was meant to be playing Joseph Stalin - not Joseph of Nazareth - in his school's Christmas play . When Russian schoolboy Ilya Gavrichenko told his parents he was playing Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin in his school production, they put together the perfect costume - moustache and all. It was only when he arrived on the night of the performance that they realised he was meant to be playing a very different role - Joseph of Nazareth. Ilya, who is 12, was dressed in a white shirt, jacket, military trousers and army boots when he arrived at the school in St Petersburg. With no time to change before the start of the nativity, he was left with no choice but to accompany the Virgin Mary to Bethlehem while dressed as the murderous tyrant. His father Fedor, who made the costume, said: 'We even got him a perfect moustache. 'We were all ready for him to be a success.' Despite the misunderstanding over the boy's part in the play, Ilya still kept the audience entertained with his performance. 'He was supposed to accompany the Virgin Mary but there was no time to change the outfit,' his father said. 'Each time he went out on stage, the mothers were in hysterics, crying and yowling from somewhere under their chairs. 'My son was lost because of mixing up the part he was playing, and feeling guilty for having done so.' Stalin ruled the USSR with an iron fist from 1922 to 1952 and was responsible for the deaths of millions of people. After the end of the Soviet Union, previously unseen official records revealed almost 800,000 people were executed under Stalin. A further 1.7 million people were killed in Gulag labour camps. With no time to change before the start of the nativity, Ilya was left with no choice but to play Joseph of Nazareth (left) while dressed as Stalin (right)
highlights: Ilya Gavrichenko told parents he was playing Joseph Stalin in school play . They made Ilya the perfect costume - including the dictator's moustache . But the 12-year-old was meant to be playing Joseph of Nazareth in nativity . He had no time to change and was forced to perform in Stalin uniform . The audience were in hysterics as Ilya accompanied Mary to Bethlehem .
id: 6d12a7647dfb58010b3497478601dd3a1bba3ba7
chatgpt: In a hilarious and unexpected turn of events, a 12-year-old boy ended up playing the infamous Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin in his school's nativity play. Ilya Gavrichenko had told his parents that he would be portraying the biblical figure of Joseph of Nazareth in the play, but a mix-up in communication led to a wardrobe malfunction that had the audience in hysterics. Ilya's parents had lovingly crafted him the perfect costume for his performance - complete with Joseph Stalin's iconic mustache. As they dropped him off at school that day, they proudly watched their son march into the auditorium, dressed to play the father of Jesus. But when the play began and Ilya took to the stage, his fellow students and the audience were in for a surprise. The young boy was decked out in Stalin's military uniform, complete with hat and coat. And instead of reciting lines about Mary and the baby Jesus, Ilya found himself accompanying the Virgin Mary to Bethlehem in his role as the Soviet leader. Despite the obvious blunder, Ilya held his head high and did his best to play the part. And much to everyone's surprise, he managed to elicit laughter and applause from the audience, who were delighted by his enthusiasm and commitment to the role. After the play, Ilya's parents were mortified to learn of the mix-up, but they couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. And despite their initial worries about how Ilya might be affected by the episode, it turns out that he took it all in his stride. "I had a lot of fun playing Joseph Stalin," he said afterwards. "But next time, I'll make sure to double-check what role I'm supposed to be playing!" The incident has since become an internet sensation, with photos and videos of Ilya's performance going viral on social media. And while it may not have been the nativity play that anyone was expecting, it certainly made for a memorable evening that no one will forget anytime soon.