article: (CNN) -- World No.1 Novak Djokovic and 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer have been drawn to meet in the semifinals of the French Open -- setting up the likely prospect of a repeat of their classic 2011 clash at Roland Garros. An inspired Federer ended Djokovic's unbeaten streak and dashed the Serbian's chances of the grand slam before losing in the final to Rafael Nadal. Friday's draw for the second grand slam of the season saw Nadal in the same half of the draw as fourth seed Andy Murray of Britain, again setting up the chance of a re-run of 2011. Spain's Nadal will be bidding for a record seventh French Open title this year and opens against Simone Bolelli while Djokovic also faces Italian opposition in Potito Starace. Federer must get past Germany's Tobias Kamke to earn a potentially tricky second round clash with Argentina's David Nalbandian. Big-hitters Juan Martin Del Potro of Argentina or Czech Tomas Berdych could also provide Federer with tough obstacles in his section of the draw. Murray, out of sorts and struggling with injury is drawn to face home hope Richard Gasquet of France, who beat him at last week's Italian Open. The women's draw has pitted second seed Maria Sharapova and old rival Serena Williams in the same quarter and a possible quarterfinal clash. Sharapova, yet to win the French Open, warmed up by taking the Italian Open crown, while Williams has claimed titles in Charleston and Madrid on the clay. But 2002 winner Williams has a tough draw and is seeded to meet Dane Caroline Wozniacki in the last 16. Defending champion Li Na of China, beaten by Sharapova in the Rome final last weekend, faces Romanian Sorana Cirstea in the first round and could meet 2011 Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova in the quarters. But Kvitova will probably have to get past 2010 winner and last year's runner-up Francesca Schiavone to progress that far. Top seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus has been paired with Italian Alberta Brianti in the first round as she looks to secure her second consecutive grand slam after her Australian triumph. World No.3 Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland is drawn to face Venus Williams in the second round. The action starts Sunday in the French capital.
highlights: Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in same half of French Open draw . Scene set for repeat of 2011 Roland Garros classic semifinal won by Federer . Rafael Nadal opens against Simone Bolelli of Italy in title defense . Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova in same section of the draw .
id: dadc322ad9520f616bdf79e02172e47a6d8400c3
chatgpt: The anticipation for the upcoming French Open has reached fever pitch as the draw for the prestigious tournament was announced. Fans around the world are eagerly waiting to see how their favorite players will fare in the highly competitive tournament. The draw featured some tantalizing match-ups including one between the two greatest male players of the past decade, Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer.  The two players have been on collision course for the past month, with both of them preparing extensively for the French Open. Djokovic, the world number one, will be looking to add another Grand Slam title to his already impressive resume. However, standing in his way is none other than Federer, the Swiss maestro who himself will be looking to add a second French Open title to his collection.  The two players have played each other on several memorable occasions, but perhaps none are more iconic than their 2011 Roland Garros semifinal match. That match was a beautiful display of tennis as Federer prevailed over Djokovic in four sets. Now, eight years later, the two are set to renew their rivalry in what promises to be another classic showdown. On the other side of the draw, the defending champion Rafael Nadal will be opening his title defense against the Italian Simone Bolelli. Nadal, who has dominated the French Open like no other player, will be looking to add a record-extending twelfth title to his illustrious career.  Meanwhile, the women's draw has thrown up a scintillating matchup between Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova. The two players have had a storied rivalry over the years and have played each other in some unforgettable showdowns. However, it is Serena Williams who has had the upper hand, winning 19 of their 21 meetings.  This year, Sharapova will be looking to turn the tables on her great rival, but she will have to do it the hard way. The draw has placed the two players in the same section, meaning that only one of them will make it to the semifinals. The other players in the section will be hoping to take advantage of their duel and sneak into the latter stages of the tournament. With the stage now set, fans around the world will be eagerly waiting for the French Open to begin. The action promises to be intense and the competition fierce, with some of the world's greatest players set to take to the court. The tournament kicks off on May 26, and it promises to be one of the most spectacular events of the year.