article: By . Ap Reporter and Reuters Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:56 EST, 16 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:55 EST, 16 July 2013 . The force is no longer with Eric Hodgson, a California man who gave up a collection of Star Wars memorabilia worth more than $10,000 in a plea deal to charges that he defrauded a state agency out of nearly $1.9 million. Hodgson, of Elk Grove, was charged in April with 22 counts of grand theft after the California Department of Transportation hired him to publish advertisements for construction contracts in local newspapers. ‘He instead used the money to pay off a mortgage, make purchases of toys and comics, and pay for exotic trips for him and his company staff,’ State Attorney General Kamala Harris' office said in a statement. Bamboozled, they were: This three-foot tall Yoda figure is part of a $10,000 collection to be auctioned as part of a plea deal for a man who defrauded the state of California . Hodgson, 43, pleaded guilty on Thursday to defrauding the agency and has agreed to forfeit his Star Wars collection. He must also forfeit two residences, two cars and retirement accounts as part of the plea deal and faces a nine-year prison sentence. Nick Pacilio, a spokesman for Harris, said on Friday that among the forfeited items now slated for auction is a rubber statue of Yoda, approximately three feet tall, complete with robe and wispy hair. The memorabilia includes two light sabers and a model of the Millennium Falcon. A sheister, he was: Eric Hodgson, 43, of Elk Grove, California used his printing company to steal over $1M from the state and buy the collection of light sabers and toy space ships as well as exotic trips . Worth the effort? Hodgson's dirty money was used to buy two model light sabres, among other trinkets . According to the state attorney general's office, Hodgson used fake invoices for print advertisements that were never published in local newspapers as promised. His company Phenix was awarded two print advertising contracts in 2008 and 2009 that totaled more than $1.8 million. A third contract awarded to Phenix in 2011 for more than $800,000 was canceled before any money was paid. An investigation by the California Department of Justice determined money was used to pay off a mortgage, make purchases of toys and comics, and fund exotic trips for him and his company staff. Pricey toys: The crooked printing contractor's coveted model Millennium Falcon will now be auctioned as part of his plea deal . Strange priorities: Hodgson faked invoices and pocketed $1.2M from the state of California, in part to buy this toy, part of a five figure Star Wars memorabilia collection .
highlights: Eric Hodgson will gave up a $10,000 sci-fi toy collection as part of a plea deal . Collection now slated for auction includes three-foot Yoda and two light sabers .
id: caeee3db370816999f6cd9ccea9d3f0c16d3f1bb
chatgpt: A local sci-fi toy collector has been forced to give up his impressive collection as part of a plea deal. Eric Hodgson, a 32-year-old Star Wars enthusiast, agreed to hand over his $10,000 collection to the authorities in exchange for a reduced sentence. The collection, slated for auction, includes some of the rarest and most sought-after items in the sci-fi toy world. A three-foot Yoda statue is among the most notable items, as well as two authentic light sabers. Hodgson's hobby had spiraled out of control in recent years, and he had accumulated a vast amount of different Star Wars merchandise. Unfortunately, his love for the franchise led him into criminal activities, which ultimately resulted in his arrest. Hodgson had been running a sophisticated online counterfeiting operation. He was manufacturing and selling fake Star Wars memorabilia to unsuspecting buyers across the country. The operation was uncovered by the authorities thanks to a tip from an anonymous source. After being arrested, Hodgson quickly realized the severity of the charges against him. He had been facing years in jail and steep fines, which would have left him ruined. He decided to accept the plea deal to avoid a lengthy and costly trial. In addition to handing over his collection, Hodgson paid a large fine, performed community service, and agreed to a period of probation. Despite losing his cherished collection, Hodgson says he's grateful for the second chance he has been given. "I made a mistake, and I'm willing to accept the consequences," he said. "It was tough giving up my collection, but it's a small price to pay for my freedom." The auction for Hodgson's collection is expected to generate a lot of interest among Star Wars fans and collectors. It's unclear whether Hodgson will try to reclaim any of the items after his probation period is over. Star Wars merchandise has always been a hot commodity, with avid collectors willing to pay big bucks for rare and authentic items. However, the market for fake merchandise remains a serious problem, and authorities may crack down further on individuals engaged in these criminal activities. For now, Hodgson's case serves as a reminder that even something as seemingly harmless as collecting sci-fi toys can have serious consequences if taken too far. It's important to remember that in the end, the law always catches up with those who break it.