article: (CNN) -- California horse-racing authorities handed the trainer of Triple Crown hopeful I'll Have Another a 45-day suspension Thursday stemming from a 2010 race with another horse, but cleared him of giving that horse an energy-boosting cocktail. The suspension won't take effect until at least July 1, meaning trainer Doug O'Neill will be able to participate in the June 9 Belmont Stakes -- when Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I'll Have Another is carrying high hopes for the sport's first Triple Crown since 1978. And the California Horse Racing Board's decision explicitly cleared O'Neill of "milkshaking" the throughbred Argenta during a race at southern California's Del Mar track in September 2010. The board did find O'Neill, as Argenta's trainer, was responsible for high total carbon dioxide levels found in its blood -- a sign a horse might have been given a "milkshake" of baking soda, electrolytes and sugar believed to help it combat fatigue. It fined him $15,000, and said another 135 days of suspension could be applied if O'Neill is found to have violated other rules in any jurisdiction. But a state hearing officer found no sign of any "intentional acts" on the part of the trainer or any sign that betting on the race had been skewed toward Argenta, which finished well out of the money in eighth place. O'Neill can challenge the finding in court, but his brother, Dennis O'Neill, said no decision has been made on how to proceed. "We're just ecstatic that the judge ruled we didn't do anything to make the TCO2 (total carbon dioxide) level go up," Dennis O'Neill told CNN. But he said there was "absolutely" no doubt his brother would be able to take part in the Belmont, in New York. "We're very happy that the press release is very clear that Doug never milkshaked the horse, and there was no suspicious betting pattern," he added. Lee Park, a spokesman for the New York State Racing and Wagering Board, said that agency would review California's decision. But since the suspension won't take effect until July, "it should have no bearing on the June 9 Belmont Stakes," he said. The 2010 allegation isn't the first scrape O'Neill has had with California regulators. In 2007, he was fined $3,000 after another horse showed high carbon dioxide levels. And in 2010, the Illinois Racing Board suspended him for 15 days when another horse showed high blood CO2 levels; California's racing board issued him a matching suspension. But there have been no allegations that O'Neill had given a milkshake to I'll Have Another. And his brother told CNN earlier this week that "We've never milkshaked a horse." "We wouldn't know how to do it," Dennis O"Neill said. "It's never been done by us or anybody in the barn."
highlights: NEW: California action won't affect upcoming Belmont Stakes, New York official says . Doug O'Neill trained Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I'll Have Another . California's state racing board suspended him for 45 days effective July 1 at earliest . O'Neill was cleared of "milkshaking" but hit for high carbon dioxide levels in his horse's blood .
id: 71a07fe022bc19ac2a6efa2d74a23524614f99f7
chatgpt: Despite the recent suspension of trainer Doug O'Neill by the California Horse Racing Board, the upcoming Belmont Stakes in New York will not be affected, according to a statement released by a New York racing official. O'Neill, who trained Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner I'll Have Another, has been suspended for 45 days starting July 1 at the earliest, by the California Horse Racing Board. The trainer was cleared of "milkshaking," a process that involves feeding a substance to a horse to prevent muscle fatigue, but hit for high carbon dioxide levels in I'll Have Another's blood. While the suspension will prevent O'Neill from participating in any California races until August, the New York Racing Association (NYRA) has confirmed that it will not interfere with his participation in the Belmont Stakes. "The Belmont Stakes is a grade one race, and his suspension is in relation to California racing only," a spokesperson for the NYRA said. "Doug O'Neill is currently licensed to train horses in New York and, as such, is eligible to participate in our races." O'Neill is now left with the decision regarding his participation in the Belmont Stakes, scheduled for June 9. The trainer is yet to make an official statement about his plans. Despite the suspension, O'Neill remains optimistic about his horse's chances at the Belmont Stakes. I'll Have Another has won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes, and will be bidding for a historic Triple Crown win at Belmont, a feat that has not been achieved since 1978. The horse has already won multiple races under O'Neill's training, including the Santa Anita Derby. However, the trainer's suspension has cast a shadow over I'll Have Another's bid for a Triple Crown win. The horse's owner, J. Paul Reddam, expressed disappointment about the suspension. "Doug has worked hard to create a clean, successful program here in California, and we support him completely," he said in a statement. "We are particularly disappointed with this action, since I'll Have Another was cleared of any wrongdoing in relation to the Kentucky Derby and Preakness." The suspension has also sparked a debate about the use of performance enhancing drugs in horse racing, a topic that has caused controversy in the past. While trainers often use legal substances to help their horses perform, some have been caught using illegal substances or other methods to give their horses an unfair advantage. Despite the controversy, the NYRA has stated that it will continue to focus on ensuring a fair and safe racing environment for all participants. "The New York Racing Association is committed to upholding the integrity of all of our races," the spokesperson said. "We will continue to enforce strict rules and regulations to ensure the safety of the horses and the fairness of the competition." As the date of the Belmont Stakes draws closer, all eyes will be on I'll Have Another and his bid for a historic Triple Crown win. While O'Neill's suspension has cast a shadow over the race, the horse remains a strong contender and could make history with a win at Belmont.