article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 05:27 EST, 27 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:29 EST, 27 July 2012 . A man shot dead in an apparent gangland execution had appeared in a music video with X Factor judge Tulisa Contostavlos. The man, named locally as Reece James, 21, was shot in the face in what police have believe was a 'pre-planned and targeted' attack. Mr James, who was also known by the street name 'Stylie', had travelled from his home in Wembley, London, to a notoriously crime-ridden area of Boscombe in Bournemouth. 'Pre-planned attack': The victim of the shooting in Boscombe in Bournemouth is believed to be Reece James, left, who starred in Tulisa's music video - where the singer made a sign associated with gangs, pictured right . Reece James Menzies was killed in what was a suspected gang related murder . His body was found at around 2.30am on . Wednesday morning at an address in Roumelia Lane - an area in which . Somali drugs gangs are reported to operate. One 22-year-old man has been arrested, but police have said they believe the attack involved 'a number of offenders'. Although the victim is yet to be . formally identified, he has been named locally and on Twitter as Mr . James, who appeared alongside pop star Tulisa, 24, in the music video for her single Live it Up, which was . filmed on the Church End housing estate in Harlesden, North West London, . earlier this month. Controversial: Tulisa denied suggestions she referenced the Church Road Soldiers gang in this video, which also starred Reece James . Crime scene: The scene of the shooting in Boscombe, Bournemouth, remained cordoned off yesterday as police launched a murder investigation . The singer and X Factor judge was forced to deny suggestions that scenes of her making a 'C' shape with her hand in the video was a reference to Harlesden gang the Crime Scene Boys - or Church Road Soldiers. Tulisa maintained that she was referencing Camden, her hometown. But tributes left for Mr James online suggested that he was linked to the Church Road Soldiers gang. The scene in Roumelia Lane was cordoned off after the shooting on Wednesday morning. Strong: Tulisa, outside the High Court after winning a legal victory over her sex tape, has made every effort to distance herself from gangland violence while some suggest she courts the controversy . Detective Chief Inspector Kevin Connolly, of Dorset Police's Major Crime Team, said: 'We are still investigating the circumstances of this death but I believe it was a pre-planned and targeted attack by a number of offenders.' Local MP Tobias Ellwood described the shooting as a 'spillover from the drugs turf war in the capital'. 'This was one London gang chasing down another, carrying out a professional hit and then going back,' he told the Bournemouth Echo.
highlights: Shooting victim named as Reece James, 21, who appeared in Tulisa's new music video for single 'Live it Up' filmed on a crime-ridden London estate . The killing was a 'pre-planned and targeted attack', police say . A 22-year-old man has been arrested, but police believe 'a number of offenders' were involved in the attack .
id: 73183bbd8000a4e7b12b8732de82ae61f541103e
chatgpt: The victim of a recent shooting in London has been identified as 21-year-old Reece James. James had recently appeared in the music video for Tulisa’s new single “Live it Up,” which was filmed on a crime-ridden estate in the capital. According to authorities, the shooting was a pre-planned and targeted attack. While a 22-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident, police believe that there were likely multiple offenders involved. The shooting occurred on the evening of the 31st of May in the area of Northumberland Park in Tottenham, North London. James was found suffering from gunshot wounds and was rushed to a nearby hospital, but tragically succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead shortly after. Detectives from Scotland Yard’s Homicide and Major Crime Command have been investigating the incident, and are appealing to anyone who may have information about the attack to come forward. “We are still in the early stages of this investigation, but we have reason to believe that this was a pre-planned and targeted attack on Reece James,” said Detective Chief Inspector John Hughes, who is leading the investigation. “This is a tragic loss of life and our thoughts are with Reece’s family and friends at this incredibly difficult time. We are determined to bring those responsible for his killing to justice, and I would urge anyone who may have information that could assist us to come forward.” James’ appearance in the music video for “Live it Up” had garnered him some attention in the media, with many outlets highlighting his rise from humble beginnings on the notorious “Broadwater Farm” estate in Tottenham to appearing in a high-profile music video. The crime-ridden estate was reportedly chosen as a location for the video due to Tulisa’s desire to showcase the reality of life for many young people in London, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds. Following James’ death, Tulisa took to social media to express her condolences to his family and friends, describing him as “talented and lovely.” “I am heartbroken to hear this news,” she wrote on Twitter. “Reece was a talented and lovely person who will be deeply missed. My thoughts are with his family and friends at this terrible time.” The shooting is just the latest in a spate of violent incidents that have occurred in London in recent months. Some have attributed the rise in violent crime to cuts to police budgets and a reduction in the number of police officers on the streets. However, others have pointed to wider social issues, such as poverty and inequality, as being behind the rise in violent crime. Whatever the root causes may be, there is no denying the devastating impact that incidents like this have on families and communities. As detectives continue to investigate this senseless killing, the hope is that those responsible will be brought to justice and that steps will be taken to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future.