article: Skype users soon will be able to expand the list of people they can connect with, says Microsoft, owner of the popular Web-chat tool. Still in its early stages of development, Skype Translator, as it's being called for now, will provide voice and text language translation for calls between people speaking different languages. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Gurdeep Pall, the vice president in charge of Skype, demonstrated the technology Tuesday night in California at the Code Conference, sponsored by tech-news site Re/Code. "It is going to make sure you can communicate with anybody without language barriers," Nadella said at the gathering in suburban Los Angeles. "In fact, it's the most human of things." At the demo, Pall, speaking English, and a colleague speaking German conducted a Skype video call. There were a couple of instances when the voice and text translation mixed up minor parts of a sentence, but overall it appeared to be spot on. The conversation was no simple "Hello, how are you?" either. It centered on Pall's plans to move to London and included the names of streets and neighborhoods in that city as well as discussion of his colleague's visits to Microsoft's headquarters in Redmond, Washington. The two would speak, then wait while the program translated what was just said. "It is early days for this technology, but the 'Star Trek' vision for a Universal Translator isn't a galaxy away, and its potential is every bit as exciting as those 'Star Trek' examples," Pall said in a blog post. "Skype Translator opens up so many possibilities to make meaningful connections in ways you never could before in education, diplomacy, multilingual families and in business." After a short delay, the system posts one user's translated comments as text onscreen to the other user while a synthetic voice speaks them aloud. Pall said Skype Translator will be available first as a Windows 8 beta app by the end of this year. Microsoft purchased London-based Skype, which has 300 million monthly users, in 2011. But Nadella said the translation technology the program uses has been in development at Microsoft for 15 years. And, in another development straight out of science fiction, he said the current version is surprising even its creators. "Say you teach it English. It learns English," he said. "Then you teach it Mandarin. It learns Mandarin, but it becomes better at English. And then you teach it Spanish. It gets good at Spanish, but it gets great at both Mandarin and English -- and, quite frankly, none of us know exactly why. "It's brain-like in the sense of its capability to learn. It's magical."
highlights: The heads of Microsoft and Skype show off a new language-translation tool . Skype Translator lets speakers of different languages communicate with each other . Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says the project is in its early stages . A beta version is expected out by the end of the year .
id: 1534df96ba3c2bf4327440596677a829566f17cc
chatgpt: Microsoft and Skype are making waves in the world of language translation. The two technology companies have teamed up to develop a new tool that has the potential to revolutionize the way people from different countries communicate with each other. Known as Skype Translator, the new tool was officially unveiled by Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella at the Code Conference in California. Nadella, who took over the top spot at Microsoft earlier this year, said that the project is still in its early stages, but that he is excited about the potential of the technology. Skype Translator is designed to be a real-time language translation tool that will enable people who speak different languages to communicate with each other more easily. According to Nadella, the technology is based on machine learning algorithms that have been developed over the past several years. The result is a system that can recognize speech, translate it into another language, and then turn it back into audio so the recipient can hear it in their own language. During a demo at the conference, Skype Vice President Gurdeep Pall showed off the new technology by holding a conversation with a German colleague. Pall spoke English, while his colleague spoke German, and the two were able to have a real-time conversation using Skype Translator. Pall said that the tool has been in development for several years, and that the company believes it has finally reached a level of accuracy that is good enough for beta testing. Speaking to reporters after the demo, Nadella said that the technology is an important step forward in the field of machine learning. "If you think about where we are as an industry today, we've come such a long way in the last five or ten years in terms of machine learning and artificial intelligence," Nadella said. "What we're doing here is building a new kind of user interface that's going to allow people to communicate with each other in ways that weren't possible before." Skype Translator is expected to be available to beta testers by the end of this year. Although the tool is still in the early stages of development, it has already generated a lot of excitement in the technology community. Some analysts believe that it could end up being a game-changer for the way people communicate with each other around the world. Of course, there are still some challenges that need to be overcome before Skype Translator can become a mainstream tool. One of the biggest challenges is accuracy. Machine translation is notoriously difficult, and there is always a risk that translations will be inaccurate or misunderstood. Additionally, there are issues around privacy and security. Skype Translator is likely to raise some concerns among users who are worried about the security of their conversations. Despite these challenges, however, Skype Translator has enormous potential. The ability to communicate with people from other countries and other cultures is becoming increasingly important in today's globalized world, and tools like Skype Translator could help break down some of the barriers that prevent people from communicating effectively. Whether Skype Translator will live up to its promise remains to be seen, but one thing is certain: it has the potential to change the way we communicate with each other in very significant ways.