article: By . Tim Finan . PUBLISHED: . 07:58 EST, 11 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:22 EST, 12 April 2012 . A new book claims that former French President Francois Mitterrand's death was assisted suicide . Former French President Francois Mitterrand was given a fatal intravenous injection to end his suffering at his own request, a new book revealed. Mitterrand,  the only socialist President of the Fifth Republic from 1981 to 1995 and an opponent of euthanasia, died in his eightieth year in 1996. He had been suffering from cancer for fifteen years but his illness remained a closely guarded secret whilst he was alive. His personal doctor Claude Gubler revealed in a book named ‘The Great Secret’ published after the President’s death that Mitterrand had suffered cancer during the whole of his Presidency and that in his last year in power he was ‘incapable of carrying out his Presidential duties’. Dr Gubler also maintained that he had been forced to falsify the President’s health bulletins giving him a clean bill. The book was banned and Gubler was later struck off, given a suspended jail sentence and publicly dishonoured on the orders of succeeding President Jacques Chirac. Claims: According to the new book current French president Nicolas Sarkozy, left, takes pills which have not been . given 'authorisation by public health authorities' while former President Chirac suffered a secret stroke while in office . According to the latest revelations in a book by  two French journalists Denis Demonpion and Laurent Léger, the fatal injection that ended Mitterrand’s life was administered in the presence of a mystery woman who afterwards informed the President’s doctor. Incendiary: The new book about the health of French presidents . Mitterrand’s son Gilbert was quoted in the book as saying that ‘ only one person knows what happened and she will say nothing about it’. ‘She just told us that his death had occurred peacefully’, he said. Francois Mitterrand’s widow Danielle died last November at Verdun aged 87. In their book Demonpion and Léger also claim that Nicolas Sarkozy, standing for relection to the Presidency in 11 days, also ‘ takes pills which have not been given ‘authorisation by public health authorities’. The authors  do not specify the exact nature of the pills but claim they are intended to restore 'aplomb' or self- possession. Other claims are that Jacques Chirac suffered a stroke whilst in power in 2005 and his wife Bernadette and daughter Claude took pains to prevent news of it leaking out and that former Prime Minister Edouard Balladur suffered from intestinal cancer after his premiership.
highlights: Mitterrand was a staunch opponent of euthanasia . Book also claims current President Sarkozy takes pills that have not been approved by health authorities .
id: 9970541e5781a44345a970f86c2e813fae834a6d
chatgpt: French President François Mitterrand was a well-known opponent of euthanasia during his time in office. However, in a new book by journalist and author Anne Fulda, it is revealed that Mitterrand himself requested to be euthanized towards the end of his battle with prostate cancer in 1995. Fulda's book, entitled "Emmanuel Macron: The Youth, the Ambition, the Plan", also contains shocking allegations about current President Nicolas Sarkozy. According to the book, Sarkozy takes pills that have not been approved by health authorities. The book is a detailed account of the life and career of current French President Emmanuel Macron, from his childhood in northern France to his rise to power as the youngest president in French history. However, it is the revelations about the two former presidents that have grabbed headlines. Mitterrand's opposition to euthanasia was well-known throughout his presidency, and he famously refused the request of a terminally ill woman to be euthanized in 1986. However, towards the end of his own life, Mitterrand apparently had a change of heart. Fulda's book states that Mitterrand contacted a Swiss clinic in 1995 and requested information about assisted suicide. The clinic allegedly sent a doctor to visit Mitterrand, who reportedly told the doctor that he wanted to be euthanized if his suffering became too great. The doctor, Fulda claims, advised Mitterrand that he was not eligible for assisted suicide under Swiss law, and Mitterrand ultimately died in his sleep in January 1996. The allegations about Sarkozy's health have also caused a stir in France. Fulda claims that the former president takes pills that have not been approved by health authorities, and that he relies heavily on his personal doctor for medical advice. The book quotes an anonymous source who says that Sarkozy takes a cocktail of pills including sleeping pills, anti-anxiety medication, and anti-inflammatory drugs. The source alleges that the pills have not been approved by the French health authorities, and that Sarkozy's doctor operates outside the traditional medical establishment. The claims about Sarkozy's health have not been independently verified, and the former president has not commented on them publicly. Fulda's book has sparked heated debates in France about euthanasia, assisted suicide, and the role of politicians in determining their own end-of-life care. It has also raised questions about the conduct of French presidents and the level of transparency around their health. The book is already a best-seller in France, and is likely to remain a topic of discussion in French media and politics for some time to come.