article: Japan's new finance minister has claimed that the elderly should 'hurry up and die' to help ease the cost to the taxpayer of caring for them, it has emerged. Taro Aso made the controversial statement as he discussed how to deal with the country's emerging demographic crisis as its population continues to shrink while life expectancy soars. Aso, who said he would hate to be a burden on the state, told the national council on social security reforms: 'Heaven forbid if you are forced to live on when you want to die. 'Hurry up and die': Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said the elderly should be allowed to die sooner to cut the costs to the state of having to care for them . 'I would wake up feeling increasingly bad knowing that [treatment] was all being paid for by the government. 'The problem won't be solved unless you let them hurry up and die.' The statement is a far cry from the usual indoctrinated Japanese respect shown for their elders. It comes after figures released earlier this month showed the country saw its largest population drop in more than a century last year and is now aging faster than any other in the world. More than 20 per cent of its 128 million population is already over 65 and set to double to more than 40 per cent within the next 50 years while birthrates continues to plummet. The country faces a bleak future where there will be more dependent children and elderly than those in the age-range where they can work and contribute. Retraction: Taro Aso, pictured right next to the Bank of Japan Gov. Masaaki Shirakawa, left, later apologised for his 'inappropriate' comments . Rising welfare costs have already caused the government to double consumption tax - similar to VAT - to 10 per cent over the next three years. Aso - who is also deputy Prime Minister - described those dependent on feeding tubes as 'tube people' and said it cost 'tens of millions of yen' a month to care for them. The 72-year-old claimed he would refuse end-of-life care and that he had given his family instructions not to give him life-prolonging care. He said: 'I don't need that kind of care. I will die quickly.' His comments come ahead of expected welfare cuts due to be announced in the next budget in the next few days and enforced from April. Aso later apologised for his 'inappropriate' remarks, adding: 'I said what I personally believe, not what the end-of-life medical care system should be. It is important that you be able spend the final days of your life peacefully.'
highlights: Comments made by Japan's finance and deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso . Country is facing demographic crisis with an aging population and rapidly shrinking birthrate . New welfare cuts expected to be announced in the coming days .
id: e575b0940f2f3bb2e8612ea6420d1076bdfc5580
chatgpt: Tokyo, Japan - The country is facing a demographic crisis with an aging population and a shrinking birth rate. This has led to a strain on the country's pension and welfare systems as the government struggles to provide for its citizens. On Wednesday, Japan's finance and deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso made comments suggesting that new welfare cuts are expected to be announced in the coming days. The government has been grappling with how to address the country's aging population and dwindling birth rate for years. The number of births in Japan has been decreasing steadily since the 1970s, and in 2020, the country recorded its lowest number of births since records began in 1899. As a result, the country is facing an imminent workforce shortage and increased healthcare costs. Additionally, according to the Japan Times, the government estimates that its social welfare costs are projected to reach around 190 trillion yen ($1.75 trillion) by the fiscal year ending in March 2041. In light of these challenges, Japan has made several policy changes over the past decade to address its demographic situation. In 2013, the government implemented a "womenomics" policy to encourage women to join the workforce and address the gender wage gap. However, these efforts have not been enough to stave off the demographic crisis. In recent years, the government has also implemented a series of welfare cuts, including reducing healthcare reimbursements and long-term care insurance for elderly citizens. In October of this year, the government announced a plan to cut pension benefits for some retired workers in the hopes of reducing government spending. However, it seems that more cuts are on the horizon. On Wednesday, Aso said in a parliamentary session that the government would likely announce new welfare cuts in the coming days. He did not provide any specifics about what the cuts might entail. Aso's comments have caused concern among citizens who are already struggling to make ends meet. Yoko Nishida, a 62-year-old retiree, told Reuters that she is worried about how she will manage if her pension benefits are cut even further. "I'm already struggling to pay my bills," she said. "If they cut my pension, I don't know what I will do." Aso's comments have also faced criticism from opposition lawmakers who argue that the government should do more to address the underlying issues causing the demographic crisis. "Aso's comments show that the government is not taking the problem seriously," said Tamaki Tsukada, a member of the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan. Despite Aso's announcement, it remains unclear exactly what changes the government will make to the welfare system. However, it seems clear that Japan's demographic crisis will continue to be a major challenge for the country in the years to come.