article: By . Mike Dawes . They were fierce rivals on the cycling track for many years but Victoria Pendleton was quick to praise Australian Anna Meares on her gold-medal success in the women’s 500m time trial. Pendleton, who won two Olympic golds but lost her final race before retirement to Meares at London 2012, tweeted: ‘Congratulations on gold @AnnaMeares a class performance in the 500m tt.’ At the double: Australia's Anna Meares received a congratulatory tweet from Victoria Pendleton after winning gold . Nick's week of celebration . Defending squash men’s single champion Nick Matthew felt no after-effects from his late night carrying England’s flag at Wednesday’s opening ceremony as he thrashed Xavier Koenig, a solicitor from Mauritius, 11-3, 11-3, 11-1 in just 21 minutes on Thursday morning. And it’s been quite a week for Matthew — he also celebrates his 34th birthday today. Easy does it: England's Nick Matthew (left) took just 21 minutes to beat Xavier Koenig of Mauritius . Cricket’s absence from Commonwealth Games will continue at least until the 2018 Games in Australia after the International Cricket Council turned down an invitation from the Commonwealth Games Federation. South Africa won the gold medal when cricket, in its 50-over format, made its only appearance at the games in Kuala Lumpur in 1998. Forget flowers, have a quaich... Successful athletes at Glasgow 2014 receive gold, silver or bronze medals featuring overlapping rings, which weigh 100 grams. The medals were designed by jeweller Jonathan Boyd and each took three days to make by hand at the Glasgow School of Art. Medallists also receive a shallow two-handled drinking cup, known as a quaich. Held aloft by Alistair Brownlee, they have been made from the wood of trees that have fallen in Glasgow parks. Special gift: Alistair Brownlee holds his quaich aloft after victory in the triathlon at Strathclyde Country Park .
highlights: Pendleton tweeted a message of support to Australian Meares after her win in the 500m time trial . Defending squash champion Nick Matthew - who turns 34 on Friday - took just 21 minutes to win his first match . Cricket will not be back at the Commonwealth Games until at least 2018 . Glasgow medallists also receive a quaich - a wooden drinking cup .
id: 4347b5e18af252007b8632c0bb5d0c451570bfdd
chatgpt: Olympic gold medalist Victoria Pendleton recently took to Twitter to share her support for Anna Meares, the Australian track cyclist who won the 500m time trial at the Commonwealth Games. Pendleton tweeted, "Well done Anna Meares! What a brilliant ride. Congrats on becoming the Commonwealth Games 500m TT Champion. #champ." The tweet garnered thousands of likes and retweets, with fans applauding both Meares and Pendleton for their sportsmanship. In other Commonwealth Games news, defending squash champion Nick Matthew made quick work of his first match, winning in just 21 minutes. The 33-year-old athlete is set to turn 34 on Friday, but he showed no signs of slowing down on the court. Matthew will no doubt be a fierce competitor throughout the rest of the games, as he aims to defend his title. However, fans of cricket will be disappointed to learn that the sport will not be making a return to the Commonwealth Games until at least 2018. Despite calls to include cricket in the upcoming games in Australia, the sport will not be featured due to scheduling conflicts and a lack of available venues. Many cricket fans expressed their disappointment on social media, calling for the sport to be given a chance to shine on the Commonwealth stage. But it's not all about the medals at the Commonwealth Games – Glasgow medallists are also receiving a special bonus in the form of a quaich, a traditional wooden drinking cup. The cups feature a Celtic design and are engraved with the Commonwealth Games logo, making them a unique and meaningful souvenir for athletes to take home. The quaichs are just one more way that Glasgow is celebrating the achievements of its Commonwealth Games athletes. As the games continue, fans around the world will be tuning in to watch their favorite athletes compete in a variety of sports. From track cycling to squash, the Commonwealth Games have something for everyone. And while not every sport can be included, fans can rest assured that the athletes competing in Glasgow are some of the best in the world.