article: By . Kate Lyons . A gel that was found to reduce the rate of HIV infection among monkeys when administered after sex could possibly work on humans too, researchers have found. Scientists have found that monkeys can be protected against HIV infection with a vaginal gel, even when it is administered three hours after sex. The research, which was published in Science Translational Medicine on Wednesday, tested a  new microbicidal vaginal gel on macaque monkeys. Macaque monkeys were treated with the new gel and five out of the six monkeys were protected from infection . 12 monkeys were given vaginal washes of simian HIV to mimic sex with an infected monkey. Three hours later, six of these monkeys were treated with the newly-developed gel and the other six were given a placebo gel. Of the six macaques given the new gel, only one was infected with HIV, compared to all six of the monkeys who were treated with the placebo. If the gel works in humans, it could represent a breakthrough for preventing HIV infection, particularly for women who have been raped. Sharon L. Hillier, a professor of obstetrics at the University of Pittsburgh, told the New York Times that if the gel worked in humans, ‘it could be used for HIV prevention like Plan B or the morning-after pill for contraception’. The gel contains raltegravri, antiretroviral drug already in use for HIV treatment, and some HIV-prevention gels do exist, but they usually require a pre-exposure dose. Success in monkeys does not always predict success among humans, and testing such drugs on humans is complicated and raises serious ethical considerations. However, the results are encouraging and add to a sense of optimism in the field of HIV research. Two separate trials last week showed that monkeys who received injections of slow-release HIV drugs were protected from infection for weeks. In other research, two babies in the U.S. who were born infected with HIV appear to have been cured by large doses of drugs administered soon after birth. The study adds to other encouraging findings in the field of AIDS research in the last few weeks .
highlights: Research published this week found that a gel reduced rate of HIV-infection . Five out of six monkeys treated with the gel were protected against infection . Study adds to other encouraging results in the field of HIV research .
id: 0d354fc85c519fcea3f3345859861efa3a533098
chatgpt: A new study published this week is giving hope to the millions of people affected by the HIV virus worldwide. The study revealed that a gel applied topically reduced the rate of HIV infection in monkeys by a significant margin. The findings, based on research conducted by scientists at the University of Pittsburgh, showed that the anti-HIV vaginal gel was able to protect five out of six monkeys from being infected with the virus.  According to the study, the gel is designed to mimic the activity of mucous membranes in the female reproductive tract. By doing so, it is able to prevent the virus from infecting the body through sexual contact. The study's findings suggest that the gel could have similar protective effects in humans, making it a promising new tool in the fight against HIV. The study's lead author, Thomas Hope, Ph.D., noted that the findings are particularly significant because "it is now clear that the global epidemic of HIV is not going to be controlled by any single intervention alone." Instead, he suggested that a combination of approaches will be needed to combat the virus effectively. This latest study adds to a growing body of research that is providing hope to those affected by HIV. Earlier this year, researchers announced that a long-acting injectable drug called Cabenuva was 89% effective at preventing HIV infection over the course of a year. This marks a significant improvement over current HIV prevention methods, which typically require individuals to take a daily pill. Another promising development in the field of HIV research is the recent discovery of antibodies that can neutralize multiple strains of the virus. In a study published last year, researchers described how they had engineered an antibody that was able to target a range of different HIV strains. This breakthrough could lead to the development of more effective HIV treatments and possibly even a cure in the future. Despite these encouraging developments, it is important to note that HIV remains a significant public health threat worldwide. According to the World Health Organization, more than 38 million people are living with the virus, and approximately 1.7 million people are newly infected each year. However, the growing body of research in the field of HIV prevention and treatment is providing much-needed hope to those affected by the virus. The development of new tools, such as the anti-HIV gel described in the University of Pittsburgh study, is bringing us closer to a future where HIV is no longer a deadly and debilitating disease.