article: Jim Mallinder played down injury concerns involving England forwards after Northampton beat Bath 31-24 in a pulsating Aviva Premiership match at Franklin’s Gardens. Courtney Lawes (shoulder) and Tom Wood (back) were forced to pull out of the Saints line-up prior to kick-off, while Alex Corbisiero went off 10 minutes after half-time holding a shoulder. Asked about Wood, Mallinder said: ‘He trained on Wednesday and on Friday but then he had a reaction from it. We’re hoping he will be right in the next week or two.’ On Corbisiero, he added: ‘He banged his shoulder but we hope it’s not too bad. Fingers crossed he’ll be fit for the trip down to face his old team, London Irish, next week.’ Northampton coach Jim Mallinder is confident his England forwards will be fit again soon . Courtney Lawes (right) was forced to pull out of Saints line-up with a back injury . Alex Corbisiero went off 10 minutes after half-time clutching his shoulder . There were also fitness bulletins of interest to England head coach Stuart Lancaster at Allianz Park, after Saracens had beaten Sale 40-19. The hosts’ director of rugby, Mark McCall, insisted Owen Farrell (right) would soon return from a leg injury, saying: ‘We don’t expect him to be out for long. It’s a very minor strain and we’re looking at a couple of weeks, maximum.’ Sarries’ stand-in captain Brad Barritt limped off in the first half with a calf strain, but McCall added: ‘To lose Brad so early wasn’t ideal but I don’t think it’s terribly serious.’ Owen Farrell is going to return from a leg injury soon insists Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall . New Zealand won their third consecutive Rugby Championship title on Saturday when they beat Argentina 34-13 in La Plata. Julian Savea continued his scoring streak, while Israel Dagg, TJ Perenara and Ben Smith also touched down for the world champions. Meanwhile, in Christchurch, iconic All Black No 10 Dan Carter continued his comeback from injury by playing 40 minutes for Canterbury — slotting four kicks in a 28-26 defeat against Southland. In Cape Town, Australia led with 11 minutes left before conceding three tries to lose 28-10 to South Africa. New Zealand All Blacks' TJ Perenara scores a try against Argentina to clinch the Rugby Championship . Rant of the week: Leicester director Richard Cockerill fumed after Blair Cowan seemed to hit Jamie Gibson in their loss to London Irish: ‘Clearly, (referee) Greg Garner thinks it’s okay to punch someone in the face.’
highlights: Northampton coach Jim Mallinder allays concerns over England forwards Courtney Lawes, Tom Wood and Alex Corbisiero . Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall insists Owen Farrell will soon return from a leg injury . New Zealand clinch third consecutive Rugby Championship by beating Argentina 34-13 .
id: 154794cf1a0fc1fc7ca471ca9894d0f771674ecb
chatgpt: Northampton coach Jim Mallinder has assured concerned rugby fans that England forwards Courtney Lawes, Tom Wood, and Alex Corbisiero are not facing any significant injuries that could prevent them from playing upcoming matches. Mallinder spoke after the Northampton vs Harlequins match, in which his team won 25-18.  The England forwards have been a vital part of England's international team, and their absence could have significant consequences for the upcoming Autumn internationals matches. However, Mallinder believes that they will be back to full fitness soon and ready to continue playing. Meanwhile, Saracens director of rugby, Mark McCall, has provided an update on Owen Farrell's leg injury. The English rugby union player suffered an injury in training in early October and has been sidelined ever since. Fans have kept a close eye on Farrell's progress, hoping that he would be able to return to the field soon.  McCall has now provided some much-awaited reassurance, stating that Farrell is well on his way to recovery and will soon be back playing rugby. Despite this good news, Saracens have also been bracing for the potential loss of Maro Itoje, who may be called up to the British & Irish Lions Tour to South Africa next year.  Meanwhile, the All Blacks continued their dominance in rugby by clinching their third consecutive Rugby Championship title. The New Zealand team beat Argentina 34-13 on Saturday, marking their seventh straight win in the tournament. The All Blacks scored four tries in total, with Jordie Barrett scoring two of those. Argentina had a strong start to the game, with Nicolas Sanchez scoring an early penalty to give the team a lead. However, the All Blacks quickly regained their composure, with Codie Taylor scoring the first try of the game. The All Blacks then went on to score three more tries, with a response try from Argentina's Matias Moroni. The Rugby Championship has been a hotly contested tournament between four teams: New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, and Argentina. The competition has been a chance for these teams to prepare for the upcoming Autumn internationals matches, and is seen as a crucial step in their preparations for the 2023 Rugby World Cup. As the Rugby Championship comes to a close, rugby fans around the world are eagerly anticipating the upcoming Autumn internationals, where they will get to see the best international teams go head-to-head in a showcase of skill and talent. With the assurance that England's forwards and Owen Farrell will soon be back on the field, fans can rest easy knowing that their teams will be at full strength for these matches.