article: This is the moment a tiny French bulldog  raises its paw in a fascist salute when its owner says 'Hail Spain!' and then plays dead when it hears the name of a left-wing politician. The 13-second video uploaded on YouTube shows a French bulldog, named Benito, raising one of his paws when his owner says 'Arriba España' (Hail Spain!) - a slogan which was used among supporters of fascist General Francisco Franco's Nationalist side in Spain's  Civil War. The clip then shows the tiny dog rolling over and playing dead when his owner mentions Pablo Iglesias, the leader of Spain's up-and-coming left-wing Podemos party. French bulldog Benito has been trained to raise his paw in a fascist salute when its owner says 'Hail Spain!' Benito has now become something of an online celebrity with the video garnering more than 51,000 hits since it was uploaded yesterday. While some  saw the funny side, others were not so impressed, with one YouTube member writing 'An intelligent dog for a fool master'. Mr Iglesias has apparently not taken offence and has since expressed his amusement at Benito's antics, tweeting that he laughed aloud when he saw the video. 'They've named him after Mussolini and his owner must be a right fascist, but this dog is great,' said a tweet on the left-wing leader's account, which is followed by 688,000 people. 'I laughed a lot.' In the video, the dog lifts one of its front legs in a fascist salute and then when he hears 'the pony-tailed one is coming' - a reference to Iglesias's long hair - Benito rolls over and plays dead. While the Podemos leader has taken the Benito video with a dose of good humour, the rapid rise of the party has coincided with a number of threatening comments posted about the party. Pablo Iglesias (pictured) leader of Spain's left-wing Podemos party said he laughed when he saw the video . Benito has been taught to play dead when his owner mentions Pablo Iglesias, the leader of a left-wing party . Benito sports a Spanish flag necktie throughout the performance. Podemos, which translates as 'We can' was founded by pony-tailed academic Mr Iglesias in January, and was polled as the current most popular political party in Spain in a recent survey. Podemos has plugged into the discontent many Spanish people have with the big establishment parties, threatening an end to a two-party political system that has dominated Spain since its return to democracy in the 1970s. Spain's next general election is due late next year. Benito raises his paw when his owner says 'Hail Spain' - a slogan which was used among supporters of fascist General Francisco Franco's (pictured) Nationalist side in Spain's Civil War .
highlights: Video shows French bulldog doing fascist salute when hears 'Hail Spain!' Tiny dog, named Benito, also plays dead at mention of left wing politician . But Pablo Iglesias, leader of Spain's Podemos party says Benito is 'great' Video only uploaded yesterday and has already had more than 50,000 hits .
id: 695d54dfbae166038a1feddd20acdb48b6bc10e0
chatgpt: A video of a French bulldog named Benito has gone viral after he was caught on camera giving a fascist salute whenever someone says "Hail Spain!" The video, which was uploaded only yesterday, has already received over 50,000 hits, and viewers are torn between finding the dog's behavior amusing and worrying that it might be promoting far-right ideologies. In the video, Benito is seen sitting on his owner's lap as the owner says, "Hail Spain!" Benito responds by raising his paw in what appears to be a fascist salute. The owner then asks Benito to "play dead" at the mention of left-wing politician Pablo Iglesias, and the dog immediately falls onto his back and stays still. Some viewers have criticized the video, saying it is inappropriate to associate such behavior with an animal, while others have praised the dog's cleverness and sense of humor. However, the most surprising reaction has come from Iglesias, himself an unpopular politician in some circles. Iglesias tweeted his approval of Benito, calling the dog "great" and saying that he understands that the video is meant to be a joke. The video has sparked a heated debate on social media, with some people seeing it as a clever satire of far-right nationalism, while others are concerned that it might be encouraging extremist views. Benito's owner insists that the video was only meant to be a joke and was not intended to offend anyone. This is not the first time that animals have become embroiled in political controversies. In the United States, a raccoon became a social media sensation in 2018 after it climbed up a skyscraper, attracting millions of viewers who were anxiously watching to see whether the animal would make it to the top. Meanwhile, in the United Kingdom, a cat called Larry resides at 10 Downing Street, and his antics have made him almost as famous as the prime ministers he has served under. It seems that animals are becoming more and more important in our political discourse, for better or for worse. People clearly have different opinions about what is appropriate and what isn't when it comes to animals and politics. Some people see it as harmless fun, while others view it as borderline propaganda. For now, though, it seems that Benito the French bulldog will continue to entertain us with his hilarious antics, and we can all agree that he is an adorable and loveable dog.