article: (CNN) -- Prize money at this year's U.S. Open will be increased by over $2 million to a record $25.5 million, organizers announced Wednesday. The increase will see a top prize of $1.9m for both the men's and women's champions, continuing the tradition of gender-equal prizes dating back 40 years. The remaining majority of the payout will be distributed throughout the main draw, with 224 out of 256 singles players guaranteed an increase in prize money of at least 18%. "We recognize the mounting financial pressures associated with competing on the global professional tennis circuits and especially for those who do not reach the second week of the U.S. Open. "We believe the additional prize money, as well as how it will be strategically distributed, will help alleviate some of the pressure," said Jon Vegosen, U.S. Tennis Association (USTA) President and Chairman of the Board. These record-breaking figures will be supplemented by potential bonuses from the Emirates Airline U.S. Open Series Bonus Challenge. The top three men's and top three women's finishers in the Emirates Airline U.S. Open Series will be awarded an additional bonus prize of up to $1m at the end of the grand slam, provided they earn points in at least two series events. These bonuses have led to the two largest payouts in history, with Roger Federer taking $2.4m in 2007 and Kim Clijsters earning $2.2m in both 2005 and 2010. This leaves the potential overall prize money on offer at $28.1 million. The cash boost comes on the heels of the announcement that the U.S. Open will benefit from a $500m development of the Flushing Meadows area. A new Louis Armstrong Stadium, a new grandstand on unused land at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center and a double-deck viewing area for fans to watch players practice will all be constructed over the next 10 years. However, there are still no plans to put a roof on the main Arthur Ashe Stadium court. In other tennis news Wednesday, Lukas Rosol, who sent second seed Rafael Nadal crashing out of Wimbledon in one of the biggest upsets in the tournament's history, made an early exit from the ATP tournament in Stuttgart. Czech Rosol was sent packing 7-6 7-6 by Bjorn Phau of Germany in their second round match.
highlights: 2012 U.S. Open prize purse will be increased by more than $2m. The total prize money at Flushing Meadows will top $25m . Bonus prize money could leave a potential grand total of $28.1m. The prizes awarded will continue to be equal for both men and women.
id: 72c039c6692e7f721c62f4ad6aeaf8740b830cc3
chatgpt: Flushing Meadows, the iconic venue for the annual U.S. Open tennis tournament, will see a huge hike in prize money this year. According to the organizers, the total prize pool will exceed $25m, with an additional $2m being added to the prize purse. This will take the total potential grand prize to a whopping $28.1m, thanks to upcoming bonus prize money. Unlike other top tennis tournaments, the U.S. Open has always remained committed to gender equality. The prizes awarded will continue to be equal for both men and women. The move is aimed at promoting a level playing field and equal opportunities for all players. This year's U.S. Open is the first tournament where the prize money for both men and women will cross the $25m mark. The additional prize money will be an added incentive for all the players, who will now have an even greater chance of winning bigger amounts. In addition to equal prize money, the U.S. Open has always been a pioneer in other areas as well. The tournament has been at the forefront of technological advances, with the introduction of the Hawkeye automated line-calling system in 2006. Last year, another significant development was the introduction of electronic line-calling, a move that received praise from both players and fans. The additional prize money is not only good news for the players but also for the fans who will now be able to witness even more exciting tennis matches. With such large sums at stake, it is expected that the players will not hesitate to put in their best shot in the hopes of winning big. The U.S. Open is one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world, and the organizers' commitment towards equality is laudable. It is hoped that this move will inspire other tournaments across the globe to follow suit and provide equal opportunities to all players. Despite the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Open is scheduled to go ahead as planned, albeit with various health and safety protocols in place. The eyes of the world will be on Flushing Meadows this year as the best tennis players battle it out for their chance at a share of the impressive prize pool.