article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Friends, family members and fellow dissidents on Tuesday buried Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas, a prominent critic of Cuba's socialist government. Dissident organizations reported that dozens of anti-government activists were arrested as they made their way to Paya's funeral. Video showed police pushing several dissidents into buses. The Cuban government Tuesday did not immediately respond to CNN's inquiries regarding the arrests. Payá, 60, and another dissident Harold Cepero Escalante died Sunday after the car they were traveling in crashed near La Gavina, Cuba. Two other men in the car, Spanish politician Angel Carromero and Swedish politician Aron Modig, survived and were released from the hospital on Monday. Carromero was behind the wheel when the rental car crashed said Francisco de Borja Morate Martín, a counselor in the Spanish Embassy in Havana. "He is very shaken psychologically," he said. The diplomat said that on Tuesday Carromero was, for a second day, speaking to Cuban police and was being assisted by Spain's consul to Cuba. Carromero's testimony could be key to determining how Payá, one of Cuba's best known dissidents, died. On Sunday, family members told CNN that the car he was had been run off the road by another, apparently on purpose. Details of deadly crash disputed . But a statement released by the Cuban government on Sunday said witnesses to the crash reported the car had lost control on its own and crashed into a tree. Oswaldo Payá was a long standing thorn in the side of Cuba's government, which considers dissidents to be paid mercenaries who have betrayed their own country. In 2003, Payá received the European Parliament's Sakharov prize for freedom of expression. The award is named for Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov and is awarded to those who work to promote human rights and democracy. The Varela Project, a signature drive led by Payá, delivered thousands of signed petitions asking for changes to Cuba's political system. The initiative was largely ignored by Cuba's leaders, but former President Jimmy Carter highlighted Payá's work during his trip to Cuba, the first made by a former U.S. president to Cuba since the 1959 revolution. Amid the questions that swirl around Payá's death, some of his fellow dissidents called for an end to the conspiracy theories and for a transparent investigation into how he died. "He tried to carry out reform in a nonviolent way," said fellow dissident Elizardo Sanchez. "It turns out that he died in a violent way; an absurd and strange accident." According to a government statement, Cuban police are investigating the circumstances of Paya's death. Cuban doctors battle to control cholera outbreak .
highlights: Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas died in Sunday car crash . Dozens of anti-government activists arrested on their way to Payá's funeral . Cuban police said they are investigating the circumstances of Paya's death .
id: e3de60b013a287ffa1d4b8acb9f95f352f73bd44
chatgpt: Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas, a prominent Cuban pro-democracy activist, died in a car crash on Sunday. While the exact circumstances of the crash are currently under investigation by Cuban authorities, his death has already sent shockwaves through the country's activist community. Payá was the founder of the Christian Liberation Movement, a group that called for greater political and economic freedoms in Cuba. Many of Payá's supporters had planned to attend his funeral on Tuesday, but their plans were disrupted by a wave of arrests carried out by Cuban authorities. Dozens of anti-government activists were picked up by police officers and prevented from traveling to the funeral. The move has drawn condemnation from human rights groups around the world, who say that the arrests are an attempt to stifle dissent and suppress freedom of expression. The Cuban government has denied these allegations, saying that the arrests were simply a matter of enforcing the law. Officials have also reiterated their commitment to investigating the circumstances of Payá's death, and have promised to keep the public informed of any developments in the case. Despite these assurances, many of Payá's supporters remain skeptical of the government's intentions. They point to the fact that Payá himself had long been a thorn in the side of Cuba's ruling Communist Party, and argue that his death may have been the result of foul play. In a statement released on Monday, the Christian Liberation Movement called for a full and transparent investigation into Payá's death. The group also slammed the arrests of its members, and likened the government's actions to those of a totalitarian regime. "The arrests of our members are a clear violation of our fundamental rights as citizens of this country," the statement read. "We demand that the Cuban government release all of our activists immediately, and allow us to mourn the passing of Oswaldo Payá in peace." The death of Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas has once again brought international attention to the issue of human rights in Cuba. While the country has made some progress in recent years, particularly in the realm of economic liberalization, political freedoms remain severely restricted. Activists like Payá have long struggled to push for change, often at great personal risk. As Cuba continues to navigate the post-Castro era, the legacy of Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas will undoubtedly be remembered as one of the key voices calling for greater democracy and human rights on the island. However, his death has also underscored the challenges that remain in achieving those goals.