article: London, England (CNN) -- Simon Cowell's stranglehold on the British Christmas record charts looks as though it might be coming to an end. The talent show judge's latest protege and winner of British TV talent show "The X Factor," Joe McElderry is currently lagging behind heavy-rock group Rage Against The Machine in the battle for the UK Christmas number-one slot. With just over two days to go before the winner is announced, Rage Against The Machine's re-release of their 1992 song "Killing in the Name" is narrowly beating "The Climb," McElderry's cover of a Miley Cyrus hit. The winner of "The X Factor" -- which Cowell produces and judges -- has held the top spot over the festive season in the UK for the past four years. The popularity of the talent show -- this year's final was watched by around 20 million viewers -- has meant the race to the number-one slot in recent years has been, in effect, a non-contest because of the publicity the "X Factor" winner has enjoyed. But a campaign on the social networking site "Facebook" to make the U.S. rock group number-one ahead of "The X Factor" winner has received massive support from the British record buying public who have been snapping up "Killing in the Name" in their thousands. Whoever ends up on top of the UK charts this Christmas, the Rage/Cowell battle has enlivened what has become a rather dull and predictable procession to the top of the charts by the winner of the UK talent show. In an appearance on BBC radio station "5 live" Thursday, Rage's front man Zach De La Rocha swore several times during a live performance, forcing the BBC to issue an apology to listeners. And on Friday, Sir Paul McCartney, came out in support of the U.S. rock group, despite performing on the final show of "The X Factor" this year. Speaking to Sky News McCartney said: "It would be kind of funny if Rage Against The Machine got it." Meanwhile, Simon Cowell has been raging against, well, just about anyone in defense of McElderry telling the UK tabloid newspaper "The Sun" that "musical snobs have ganged up against Joe." He also called the Facebook campaign "a huge hate mob" -- a claim which the Facebook group have denied. All will be revealed this Sunday when the final UK singles chart before Christmas is announced. Will the talent judge be celebrating his fifth "Christmas Cowell" in a row or will he be overcome by Rage? We'll have to wait and see.
highlights: Rage Against The Machine heading for UK Christmas number-one . 1992 song "Killing in the Name" set to beat Simon Cowell's latest protege . Paul McCartney says U.S. rock group chart success "would be funny"
id: 5513efe209622bed129b7c6d36f5916b823db100
chatgpt: Rock band Rage Against The Machine is heading for the UK's coveted Christmas number-one spot, with their 1992 track "Killing in the Name" set to beat out Simon Cowell's latest protege. The American group's politically charged anthem has gained momentum in the UK since a Facebook campaign was launched to get it to the top of the charts for Christmas. "Killing in the Name" was initially released in 1992 and has been famously known for its explicit language and direct message against police brutality. The band, known for their activism, has a loyal fan base that has propelled the song to top of the charts. The group’s decision to donate all the proceeds from the single to the British charity, Trussell Trust, has also helped raise its popularity among fans in the UK. Meanwhile, music legend Paul McCartney has weighed in on the controversy, saying that it "would be funny" if the American rock group claimed the UK's Christmas number-one spot. However, he also noted that it would be tough to knock Cowell's artist off the top spot, considering how popular they are in the UK. The Facebook campaign, aimed at thwarting Cowell's annual domination of the Christmas chart, has garnered an enormous amount of support, with hundreds of thousands of people backing it up. The campaign's founder, Jon Morter, said that he hoped the song's message would resonate with people in the UK at a time when people are fed up with the government and the social injustices that have plagued the country. Morter has urged supporters to increase their streams and download of the song, saying that it would be a victory for the British people if the song managed to reach the top of the charts. He said that he hoped the success of the campaign would inspire other people to take action and bring about change in the country. The campaign has sparked a debate about whether charity should be the main focus of music or whether the song's message should be the real priority. Some supporters of Cowell's artist have dismissed the campaign's efforts as a publicity stunt, but others have praised it for its message and for using music as a tool for social change. Regardless of how the controversy plays out, it is clear that Rage Against The Machine's "Killing in the Name" has struck a chord with the UK public. It remains to be seen whether the Facebook campaign will be able to topple Cowell's annual domination of the Christmas charts, but for the moment, the American rock group is riding high on a wave of support from their fans in the UK. Whatever happens, it is clear that the song's political message is more important now than ever before.