article: (CNN) -- Two-time NBA MVP LeBron James says the Cleveland Cavaliers -- his only club in his seven pro seasons -- will have an "edge" when they try to keep the likely free-agent-to-be from leaving this summer. In an interview scheduled to air on CNN Friday night, Larry King asked James whether the Cavaliers have an edge to retain the Ohio native. "Absolutely," James said. "Because ... this city, these fans, I mean, have given me a lot in these seven years. And, you know, for me, it's comfortable. "So, I've got a lot of memories here. And so it does have an edge." James' potential freedom -- he can opt out of the last year of his contract and become a free agent on July 1 -- is one of the most talked about issues in the world of sports this year. Sports Illustrated's website has a "LeBron James Watch" blog, ESPN.com has a "LeBron Tracker" page devoted to his next move, and the Cleveland Plain Dealer's site has a "LeBron-O-Meter" that swings with each stay-or-go rumor. Full transcript of Lebron James interview . Even President Obama has weighed in, telling TNT's Marv Albert last month that James would fit in with the club that Obama pulls for, the Chicago Bulls. And the New York Daily News reported last month that Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he thinks James would love living in New York, should he choose the Knicks or the Nets. James headlines a list of marquee names who also are free-agents-to-be or likely free agents this summer, including Miami's Dwyane Wade, Toronto's Chris Bosh, Phoenix's Amare Stoudamire, Dallas' Dirk Nowitzki and Atlanta's Joe Johnson. King asked James about reports that he, Wade, Bosh, Johnson and others were planning to talk to each other before they settled on where to go. "I don't know to that extent, but it will be fun," James said. "It will be fun to get all the free agents together and figure out a way how we can make the league better." The Cavaliers drafted James, 25, out of high school in 2003. He grew up in the nearby Akron, Ohio, area. James, a six-time NBA all-star, was named the league's MVP for the 2008-2009 and 2009-2010 seasons. He's averaged 27.8 points per game, and he has helped the Cavaliers to five playoff appearances and one trip to the NBA finals. But he's still seeking his first NBA title, and the Cavaliers were bounced from the second round of this year's playoffs by the Boston Celtics. He told King his goal is to be with a team that can win more than one NBA championship. "I understand that me going down as one of the greats will not happen until I win a championship," he said. "I'm going to do what's best for me and my family." The interview is scheduled to be shown on CNN's "Larry King Live" at 9 p.m. ET Friday.
highlights: LeBron James: "I've got a lot of memories here. And so [Cleveland] does have an edge" James eligible to opt out of his contract with the Cavaliers this summer . Two-time NBA MVP headlines list of likely 2010 free agents . James says he wants to be with a team that can win more than one championship .
id: 145ff3f894a99581f7a2b87b8bf09b44ccf61e6e
chatgpt: LeBron James, also known as "The King," is one of the most famous basketball players in the world. He recently opened up about his future as a free agent and shared his thoughts about where he may end up. The Cleveland Cavaliers have had quite the journey with James, and he admits that he has a lot of memories with the team. In an interview with Larry King, James spoke about his options as a free agent and what he is looking for in a team. "I've got a lot of memories here. And so [Cleveland] does have an edge," said James. "But ultimately, it's going to come down to where I can win. That's what it's all about - winning championships." James, a two-time NBA MVP, is set to become one of the most sought-after players in the upcoming free agency period. Fans and league insiders are eagerly waiting to see where he will end up. Along with James, several other players are also expected to hit the market this summer. However, it's clear that James is the star of the show. He's already won three championships in his career, but James is hungry for more. When asked about his priorities as a free agent, the Cleveland native didn't hesitate to speak his mind. "I want to play for a team that can win more than one championship," said James. "I know what it takes to win at this level, and I don't want to waste any more time playing for a team that can't take me all the way." It's clear that James is only interested in joining a team that is capable of winning it all. This mindset could make him a perfect fit for several franchises that are currently in the hunt for a championship. James is known for his versatility on the court, and he's proven that he has what it takes to lead a team to ultimate success. At the same time, it's important to remember that James has a lot of history with the Cavaliers. He spent several of his early years with the team, developing into the superstar he is today. During his time in Cleveland, James made the city proud by leading the Cavaliers to their first NBA Finals appearance in 2007. He also helped the team win their first championship in 2016. Despite all of this success, it remains to be seen whether James will stay in Cleveland or move on to a new team. Only time will tell what the future holds for one of the greatest basketball players of all time. In the meantime, James is sure to continue to dominate on the court. He remains one of the most talented and exciting players in the game, and his future is sure to be one of the most talked-about storylines in the NBA for years to come. Fans will be eagerly watching to see where he will play next and if he can add more championship rings to his impressive collection.