article: (CNN) -- World No. 1 Rory McIlroy continued his superb form on the PGA Tour with a eight-under-par 64 to share the lead in the BMW Championship at Crooked Stick Thursday. McIlroy came into the third leg of the FedExCup playoffs off the back of his win at the Deutsche Bank Championship and was in no mood to rest on his laurels, firing seven birdies and an eagle in the first round against a single bogey. The 23-year-old from Northern Ireland rolled home a six-foot birdie putt on the ninth, his final hole, to join U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson, Bo Van Pelt and Canadian Graeme DeLaet in the clubhouse lead. Playing partner Tiger Woods drained a long birdie putt on the par-five hole to be one back on 65 as the pair treated the galleries in Indiana to a real treat. BMW Championship latest scores . McIlroy has not looked back since claiming the final major of 2012 at the U.S. PGA Championship, and his friendly rivalry with Woods is becoming a feature of the season. The pair were interviewed together after their rounds and 14-time major winner Woods was fulsome in his praise of the young pretender to his throne. "This is the next generation, he's a really nice kid and the game of golf is in good hands," the American said. Veteran Fijian Vijay Singh produced a superb birdie burst on his back nine to join Woods in the clubhouse on seven under, while defending champion Justin Rose of England opened with a 67. 'Hot putter' Snedeker snares U.S. Ryder Cup place . Former world No. 1 Luke Donald was tied for seventh on 66, while fellow 2012 Ryder Cup players Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell, Lee Westwood, Dustin Johnson and Steve Stricker were on 68 in a group also including British Open champion Ernie Els, runner-up Adam Scott and Louis Oosthuizen -- who was second at the Deutsche Bank event. U.S. Ryder Cup teammates Phil Mickelson, Bubba Watson, Brandt Snedeker and Jim Furyk shot 69, as did Sergio Garcia -- who secured his place on the European team for this month's match at Medinah by winning the Wyndham Championship in August. Padraig Harrington and Hunter Mahan, who missed out on being among their respective team captains' wild-card picks, shot 70 to be tied for 41st while automatic U.S. selections Keegan Bradley (71) and Jason Dufner (72) were further back. With preferred lies and soft conditions, scoring was low on a course with a fearsome reputation with only 10 players in the 70-strong elite field over par. Only the top 30 in the FedEx rankings go through to the Tour Championship in Atlanta in two weeks' time to have the chance to win a $10 million bonus for the overall winner.
highlights: Rory McIlroy well placed for back-to-back wins in FedExCup playoffs . McIlroy shoots eight-under 64 to tie for first-round lead at BMW Championship . Playing partner Tiger Woods also in the hunt after carding 65 on Thursday . U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson, Bo Van Pelt and Graham DeLaet also shoot 64 .
id: b481b8a470e62e3df727ac754448e66c66e5d16a
chatgpt: Rory McIlroy is off to a hot start at the BMW Championship, shooting an impressive eight-under 64 to tie for the first-round lead on Thursday. The World No. 4 is aiming to secure his second consecutive victory in the FedExCup playoffs, following his triumph at the Deutsche Bank Championship last week. However, McIlroy will face stiff competition from his playing partner Tiger Woods, who carded a solid 65 on the opening day of the tournament. Woods, who is currently ranked No. 38 in the world, is looking to bounce back from a disappointing performance at the Deutsche Bank Championship, where he missed the cut. The duo of McIlroy and Woods drew in a huge crowd at the Aronimink Golf Club in Pennsylvania, as the golfing world watched with bated breath to see how the two of the greatest players of all time would fare. And they didn't disappoint, putting on a show for the spectators and the television audience. McIlroy was in imperious form, hitting 12 of 14 fairways and 16 of 18 greens in regulation. He made eight birdies, including four in a row from the 13th to the 16th hole. McIlroy highlighted his putting skills by sinking a 28-foot birdie putt on the 11th, which he called "the best putt I've made in a while." Woods, meanwhile, showed signs of his old self, hitting eight of 14 fairways and 14 of 18 greens in regulation. He was particularly impressive on the greens, making six birdies and just one bogey. Woods said he was "very pleased" with his performance, adding that he "putted great today." The two golfing stars are joined at the top of the leaderboard by U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson, Bo Van Pelt, and Graham DeLaet who all shot 64s on Thursday. Simpson, who is ranked No. 20 in the world, is looking to add a second FedExCup win to his name after winning the tournament in 2011. The BMW Championship is the third playoff event in the FedExCup, with the top 30 players advancing to the season-ending Tour Championship next week. McIlroy, who is now the favorite to win the FedExCup, currently sits in second place behind Bryson DeChambeau in the standings. With three rounds left to play, McIlroy knows that there is a lot of golf left to be played. But the Northern Irishman is feeling confident in his game and believes that he is capable of adding a second FedExCup trophy to his impressive resume. "I've got myself into a nice position but I'm just taking it one day at a time," McIlroy said after his round. "I've got a good game plan, I know the golf course well and today was just a continuation of what I've been doing over the last few weeks."