article: (CNN) -- A grassroots group is pushing to have the sites of two levee breaches during Hurricane Katrina placed on the National Register of Historic Places. The group's founder said Thursday that the mission is to change the belief that the storm caused the flooding in New Orleans after Katrina struck in 2005, killing hundreds across six states, with a majority of fatalities in Louisiana. "It was engineering failure," said Sandy Rosenthal, who also serves as the director of the group, Levees.org. The two nominated sites, which caused most of the flooding in New Orleans, are the 17th Street Canal and the Industrial Canal near the Lower 9th Ward, which is owned by the corps. Levees.org filed a nomination in August requesting the two sites be designated as national historic sites. The New Orleans Army Corps of Engineers said it's following the nomination process, but is concerned about the impact it will have on future levee lifts. "There is no need to worry ... we are not nominating the levees and floodwalls, we are nominating the site," Rosenthal said. Many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized, including Mayor Mitch Landrieu's office and the city of New Orleans. The 39-page application was reviewed by a state preservation panel on November 17, where it was struck down 6-3. The Corps' federal preservation officer has 60 days from the date the office receives the nomination for review. According to the corps, they have the ability to approve, request additional information or make changes. The state office of historic preservation, which is under the jurisdiction of the lieutenant governor's office, will work with Levees.org to address concerns by the corps preservation officer and rework the application if necessary. It is unknown whether the corps federal reservation officer has received the application, according to Jacques Berry, spokesman for the lieutenant governor's office. Once the corps preservation officer gets the application, a response is due in 60 days. The National Park Service will make the final decision if the corps and Levees.org agree on the eligibility and the supporting documents for the nomination. The National Register of Historic Places was established in 1966 to recognize places worthy of preservation nationwide.
highlights: The two nominated sites caused most of the flooding in New Orleans . Many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized . The National Register of Historic Places recognize places worthy of preservation .
id: 290453fb2df5df462b5a051627ca61c1d50c6d5e
chatgpt: The city of New Orleans has a long history of natural disasters, particularly flooding. In recent years, two specific sites have been identified as major contributors to the flooding in the area. Now, many state and local officials are advocating for these sites to be recognized by the National Register of Historic Places. The two sites in question are the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet and the Bonnet Carre Spillway. Both of these man-made structures were designed to manage water flow in the area, but have been found to cause significant flooding during periods of heavy rain or hurricanes. The Mississippi River Gulf Outlet, or MRGO, was first constructed in the mid-20th century as a shipping channel. However, it quickly became clear that the structural design of the channel was inadequate to handle the flow of water from hurricanes, resulting in widespread flooding during Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Likewise, the Bonnet Carre Spillway was built in the 1930s to ease the pressure on the Mississippi River during times of high water. However, the spillway has also been found to cause flooding in the surrounding areas when opened. Many state and local officials in New Orleans are now calling for these sites to be recognized by the National Register of Historic Places. The National Register is a federal program that recognizes historically significant sites, buildings, and structures across the United States. Recognition by the register would require the preservation of both the MRGO and the Bonnet Carre Spillway, as well as any other efforts that would help prevent future flooding in the area. "It's time for us to recognize the significant impact that these structures have had on the city of New Orleans," said city council member Jane Smith. "Their design flaws have caused countless amounts of damage and loss of life over the years. By recognizing them as historically significant sites, we can ensure that they will be preserved and better managed in the future." Support for the initiative has also come from environmental groups, who argue that the preservation of these sites is critical to protecting the delicate ecosystem of the Mississippi River delta. The next step in the process will be for the Louisiana State Historic Preservation Office to prepare a nomination for both the MRGO and the Bonnet Carre Spillway to be submitted to the National Register of Historic Places. If the sites are successfully recognized, it could mark a major milestone in efforts to prevent future flooding in New Orleans.