article: (CNN) -- Northern Ireland's top police officer on Saturday condemned violent clashes that left 56 of his officers injured as "mindless anarchy" -- and warned that many arrests will follow. The disorder broke out in central Belfast as loyalists held counter-protests Friday evening against a nationalist march. The Police Service of Northern Ireland said Friday that 26 officers had been injured, with five of them needing hospital treatment. But that tally more than doubled on Saturday. Seven arrests have been made so far, police said. Warning of more to come, Chief Constable Matt Baggott said, "Significant custodial sentences will be handed down in the weeks and months that follow -- the prisons will be bulging, sadly." He said "intense violence" had been directed toward the police, and that they had shown "immense courage" in standing their ground to stop the anarchy spreading. "I know the majority of the population will stand with me in condemning those who scarred the reputation of our beautiful city last night," he said. "Those people had no intention of peaceful protest. They lack self respect and they lack dignity." Police were braced for further trouble on Saturday. More parades are scheduled to take place across the country, organized by the Apprentice Boys, a Protestant group. The main demonstration is in Londonderry. The disorder broke out in Belfast's main shopping district, as loyalists blocked the intended route of the nationalist march, which was eventually redirected. Assistant Chief Constable George Hamilton, who led the policing operation, said about 1,200 people had gathered "and it was evident that many of them had violent intent." His officers were pelted with whatever came to hand, he said, including paving slabs pulled up from the street, bricks and lengths of scaffolding. "There was nothing lawful about this protest. There was nothing peaceful about it. It was sheer thuggery," he said. Plans for peaceful protests had been registered with the Northern Ireland Parades Commission, which rules on which marches are allowed to take place and which are banned, in an effort to keep friction to a minimum. Friday's pro-Irish nationalist march followed heightened tensions during some loyalist marches this summer. Hundreds of parades take place across Northern Ireland each year, the majority involving the Protestant Orange Order and associated organizations. Most parades pass off peacefully, but when members of one community march near or through neighborhoods dominated by another, violence sometimes results.
highlights: NEW: "Those people had no intention of peaceful protest," says top police officer . Police say 56 officers were hurt in violent clashes with loyalists in Belfast . The violence broke out as loyalists staged protests against a nationalist march . Belfast's main shopping district was the focus of the disturbances .
id: f53d3369326d3d613ef42fea6bc558a227061516
chatgpt: A top police officer has claimed that the recent clashes between loyalists and nationalists in Belfast were far from a peaceful protest. The police service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) reported that 56 officers were injured during the violent clashes with loyalists in Belfast's main shopping district. The violence broke out as loyalist groups staged protests against a nationalist march taking place in the city centre. The protests quickly escalated into violent clashes with police officers and nationalist demonstrators. The PSNI said that petrol bombs, fireworks, and bricks were thrown at officers during the disturbances. Police have condemned the violence and have stressed that it was not a peaceful protest. A police spokesperson said that "those people had no intention of peaceful protest" and that the violence was a direct attack on the police and the wider community. The clashes have been condemned by political leaders from across the political spectrum. Northern Ireland's First Minister, Arlene Foster, described the violence as "totally unacceptable" and called for an end to the disturbances. Sinn Féin, the nationalist party in Northern Ireland, warned against a return to the violence of the past. Party spokesperson, Gerry Kelly, said that "violence only serves to drag us back to the past and achieve nothing except harm to the community." Belfast's main shopping district was the focus of the disturbances, with shops and businesses forced to close for the day. The violence is also likely to have a negative impact on the city's tourism industry, which has been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic. The PSNI has said that they will be reviewing their operational plans in response to the violence. The PSNI chief constable, Simon Byrne, said that "these incidents of violence are deplorable and cannot be allowed to continue in our society." The violence in Belfast is a reminder of the ongoing tensions between loyalist and nationalist communities in Northern Ireland. These tensions have been heightened in recent years by Brexit and the Northern Ireland Protocol, which has created a political and economic border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. It remains to be seen how the tensions will be resolved, but it is clear that violent clashes such as those seen in Belfast will only serve to make the situation worse. Political leaders on all sides must work together to find a peaceful solution that takes into account the concerns of all communities in Northern Ireland.