article: George North has been left out of the Wales line-up to face Scotland on Sunday, with the winger granted an ‘extended recovery period’ after suffering a double head injury against England. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious in the RBS 6 Nations opener, however he was controversially allowed to play on after the incident was missed by the Welsh medical team. In-form Liam Williams takes North’s place on the wing, starting his first Test since November’s victory over South Africa and completing a back-three that also includes Alex Cuthbert and Leigh Halfpenny. George North has been left out of the Wales side to face Scotland after suffering concussion against England . The Wales wing appeared to be knocked out twice during his side's 21-16 Six Nations loss against England . North's second apparent case of concussion came after a clash of heads with Richard Hibbard . ‘We have taken the decision to give George an extended recovery period ahead of the game against France, in light of his concussion in the autumn,’ said Wales coach Warren Gatland. ‘The response from the players has been very positive in training this week and we are looking forward to having the opportunity to right last weekend's wrongs. ‘Scotland started the tournament well against France, building on their autumn campaign and they will be looking forward to welcoming us to Edinburgh this weekend. We know what we need to do and we hope our performance can reflect that.’ Centre Scott Williams is promoted to the bench in an otherwise unchanged match-day squad. Tight-head prop Samson Lee is completing a graduated return to play protocol after also suffering a head injury, but has been named in the provisional starting XV. Leigh Halfpenny (Toulon), Alex Cuthbert (Cardiff Blues), Jonathan Davies (ASM Clermont Auvergne), Jamie Roberts (Racing Metro), Liam Williams (Scarlets), Dan Biggar (Ospreys), Rhys Webb (Ospreys), Gethin Jenkins (Cardiff Blues), Richard Hibbard (Gloucester), Samson Lee* (Scarlets), Jake Ball (Scarlets), Alun Wyn Jones (Ospreys), Dan Lydiate (Ospreys), Sam Warburton (Cardiff Blues, CAPT), Taulupe Faletau (Newport Gwent Dragons). Replacements: Scott Baldwin (Ospreys), Paul James (Bath Rugby), Aaron Jarvis (Ospreys), Luke Charteris (Racing Metro), Justin Tipuric (Ospreys), Mike Phillips (Racing Metro), Rhys Priestland (Scarlets), Scott Williams (Scarlets). Attempting to tackle England fullback Mike Brown (centre right), Hibbard's momentum also takes North . North lays motionless on the Millennium Stadium turf after the nasty-looking collision on Friday night . The 22-year-old (left), missing a tackle on Jonathan Joseph, saw his game suffer after the first head injury .
highlights: George North will miss Wales' Six Nations clash against Scotland . North suffered concussion during Wales' Six Nations defeat to England . He clashed heads with team-mate Richard Hibbard in a second-half tackle . And the wing was controversially allowed to play on at the Millennium Stadium after the incident was missed by the Welsh medical team . Liam Williams will take North's place on the wing for the Scotland showdown .
id: 80a64ee1486ac2a472f168cf9da92f6ea04e51e4
chatgpt: Wales’ bid for Six Nations glory has been dealt a blow after it was confirmed that George North will miss the upcoming fixture against Scotland. The Welsh winger suffered concussion during the match against England and will be unavailable for selection as a safety precaution. North sustained the injury after clashing heads with team-mate Richard Hibbard in a tackle during the second half of the game. Despite the nature of the incident, the Welsh medical team controversially allowed North to play on at the Millennium Stadium, leading to criticism from many quarters. Concussion is an incredibly serious injury and should never be taken lightly. The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has previously faced criticism over its handling of such cases, with some suggesting that players have been allowed to continue playing despite showing clear signs of concussion. This incident will only add to those concerns, with the welfare of players now under even greater scrutiny. Liam Williams has been named as North’s replacement on the wing for the Scotland showdown. The Scarlets player has previously been a reliable performer for Wales and will be hoping to make the most of his opportunity to impress. The news of North's absence will come as a real blow to the Welsh team. The winger is one of the most exciting players in world rugby and will be sorely missed by Wales as they look to get their Six Nations campaign back on track. Despite the setback, Wales will be hoping to bounce back from their defeat against England and secure a vital win against Scotland. The visitors will be no pushovers, however, and will arrive in Cardiff with plenty of confidence after securing a hard-fought victory against Ireland. Wales and Scotland have a long and storied rivalry, with each team determined to gain the upper hand. Even without North, Wales will have plenty of quality in their ranks and will be looking to use home advantage to secure a crucial win. The match promises to be a thrilling encounter, with both teams knowing that a victory could provide a real boost to their Six Nations hopes. Welsh fans will be hoping that their team can rise to the challenge and emerge victorious, even without one of their star players.