article: (CNN) -- In his first executive order as Illinois governor, Pat Quinn established Friday the Illinois Reform Commission as an official state body under the governor's office. Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn wants a review of state government practices completed in 100 days. "I think we are sending a message to the people of Illinois that we understand that integrity is No. 1 when it comes to the government of the Land of Lincoln," he said of his executive order. Quinn had set up the commission earlier this year when he was lieutenant governor under Rod Blagojevich, whom lawmakers impeached earlier this month and removed from office Thursday. His executive order "formally establishes the Illinois Reform Commission under the auspices of the governor's office," he said at a news conference. The commission, led by former U.S. Attorney Patrick Collins, is an independent body that aims to evaluate existing Illinois law and practices in government, according to its Web site. It says it will release an initial report outlining its findings and recommendations in about 100 days. Quinn said there is "an integrity crisis" in Illinois. "We're going to start to fumigate state government from top to bottom to make sure that it has no corruption," he said. The Illinois Senate on Thursday voted unanimously to remove impeached Blagojevich from office. A second vote, to prevent him from holding future state office, also passed unanimously.  Watch reaction to Blagojevich ouster » . Blagojevich said he was sad and disappointed by the Senate's decision but not surprised. He was arrested on federal corruption charges in December. Federal authorities allege, among other things, that he was trying to sell or trade the Senate seat that became vacant after Barack Obama was elected president. After the governor's arrest, the state House voted overwhelmingly to impeach him.
highlights: Gov. Pat Quinn wants "integrity" restored to state government . Reform commission will report to Quinn's office . Quinn took over as Illinois governor Thursday when Rod Blagojevich ousted .
id: 09d15d29ff736f00a72492fe5dd8a6787d429856
chatgpt: Illinois Governor Pat Quinn is calling for "integrity" to be restored to the state government. After being ousted from office, Quinn took over Thursday when Rod Blagojevich was removed. In an effort to bring transparency and accountability to state politics, Quinn has established a reform commission that will report directly to his office. The commission is tasked with reviewing state laws and regulations, as well as recommending ways to enhance government ethics and integrity. The focus of the commission is to ensure that state officials are serving the needs of the people, rather than lining their own pockets. Governor Quinn has made no secret of his desire to make Illinois a model of good governance. In his inaugural address, he spoke of his commitment to transparency and the importance of serving the people. He emphasized the need for honesty and integrity, stating that "Illinois will never succeed if we do not have integrity in government." The commission, which will be made up of a diverse array of experts, will work to identify any potential conflicts of interest or unethical behavior. Members will examine everything from campaign finance laws to conflict of interest rules, with the goal of ensuring that state government is operating in the most ethical manner possible. Many residents of Illinois are hopeful that Governor Quinn's efforts will bring about a more transparent and trustworthy government. For too long, state officials have been accused of using their positions for personal gain. The commission represents hope for change and a better future for the state. As the commission begins to do its work, Governor Quinn has called on all Illinois residents to do their part in making sure government is serving the people. He has asked citizens to report any suspicious actions or behavior by state officials, to help restore trust in the political system. Ultimately, the success of the commission will depend on the commitment of all those involved, from Governor Quinn to the members of the reform commission to the people of Illinois. But the hope is that by working together, they can restore integrity to state government and make Illinois a leader in ethical and transparent politics.