article: By . Iain Rogers, Reuters . Barcelona defender Gerard Pique believes an 'angry' Luis Suarez will be desperate to prove himself when he has served out a four-month ban for a biting incident at the World Cup. Uruguay striker Suarez was given a nine-match international suspension and banned from all football-related activity for four months by FIFA after he bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup in Brazil last month. Barca have since lured him from English Premier League side Liverpool and the 27-year-old could make his debut for the Catalan club in the La Liga 'Clasico' against Real Madrid at the end of October. Anticipation: Gerard Pique says he is looking forward to when Luis Suarez can finally join up with Barcelona . 'I expect that he (Suarez), like anybody who has the possibility of doing their work taken away from them, will be feeling rage,' Pique said at a news conference at Barca's pre-season training camp in England. 'For the time being he has to wait,' added the Spain defender. 'When he returns he will be full of desire to show that he is one of the best forwards on the planet.' Suarez will join Argentina captain Lionel Messi and Brazil forward Neymar in a formidable attack as Barca seek to bounce back from a disappointing 2013-14 season when they failed to win major silverware for the first time in six years. They have a new coach at the helm in former Barca and Spain midfielder Luis Enrique and begin their La Liga campaign at home to Elche on the weekend of August 23/24. St George's Park: Barcelona have been training at the FA's facilities in Staffordshire . Long wait: Luis SUarez's ban from football means fans won't be able to see him play until October .
highlights: Gerard Pique relishing Luis Suarez's eventual link-up with Barcelona . Pique says Suarez will wan to prove himself after ban . Luis Enrique's men currently training at St George's Park .
id: b35fa0fbd3beef22677fa55d6e1b98903c015fbd
chatgpt: Barcelona's Gerard Pique says he's excited to see Luis Suarez return to the squad after his suspension. Speaking to reporters at St George's Park, Pique praised Suarez's talent and determination, saying that he was looking forward to seeing him take the field again. "Luis is a world-class player who brings a lot to the team," Pique said. "We've missed him while he's been serving his suspension, but he's been working hard and he's hungry to prove himself. I think he'll be a real asset to us this season." Suarez has been serving a four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup. The ban means he's been unable to play for Barcelona since his transfer from Liverpool in July. Despite the setback, Suarez has been working hard to stay in shape and prepare for his return. Pique said he's been impressed by Suarez's dedication and focus, and that he's confident he'll be ready to make an impact as soon as he's eligible to play. Barcelona are currently training at St George's Park, the English Football Association's national training center. The team is using the state-of-the-art facilities to prepare for the new season, which kicks off later this month. Pique said the team was enjoying their time at the center, and that they were benefitting from the high-quality training facilities and support staff. "It's a great place to train, and we're really enjoying ourselves here," he said. "The facilities are fantastic, and the staff have been really helpful. It's a great opportunity for us to come here and focus on our training and preparation for the new season." Barcelona are set to play a series of friendly matches in the UK before returning to Spain for the start of the La Liga season. With Suarez in the squad, Pique said he was confident the team would be able to compete at the highest level and challenge for silverware.