article: By . David Kent . QPR continued their preparation for their return to the Premier League with a 2-2 draw at Leyton Orient. The Hoops looked on course to record a 2-1 victory at the home of fellow London side Orient, after goals from Junior Hoilett and Joey Barton put them in front following Romain Vincelot's early opener. But a Dean Cox strike six minutes from time denied a Harry Redknapp side without Rio Ferdinand victory at the Matchroom Stadium. Back of the net: Joey Barton gave QPR a 2-1 lead with a curling free-kick two minutes into the second half . Heads I win: Leyton Orient's Romain Vincelot (centre) scores with his head the opening goal past Queens Park Rangers' Steven Caulker (left) and Richard Dunne . Looking on: Ex-Orient Chairman Barry Hearn (second left) and QPR manager Harry Redknapp (second right) watch the game from the Matchroom Stadium stands . Leyton Orient: Woods, Omozusi, Vincelot, Cuthbert (Batt), Baudry (Okosun 46), Cox, James, Lisbie (Dagnall 67), Mooney, Clarke, Pritchard. Subs not used: Legzdins, Semedo, Agyemang, Lee, Kashket, Nikolaou. Goals: Vincelot 10, Cox 84. QPR: Green, Simpson, Dunne, Caulker (Harriman 62), Ehmer, Traore, Wright-Phillips, Barton, Henry, Hoilett (Sutherland 62), Austin. Subs not used: Lumley, Harriman, Doughty, Sutherland, Kpekawa, Comley. Goals: Hoilett 19, Barton 47 . Attendance: 2,996 . Ferdinand was just one of many admissions from the QPR team, but Redknapp still fielded a fairly strong side with Charlie Austin, Barton and new arrival Steven Caulker all handed starts. And it was the former Cardiff defender who was caught napping early on as he was beaten to a right wing cross by Vincelot who powerfully headed the League One side into a 10th minute lead. It was a deserved lead for the Os but QPR soon hit back nine minutes through Hoilett. The winger took one touch to set himself before firing an effort into the bottom left-hand corner with a 20 yard effort. Barton saw an effort deflected over shortly after but soon turned the game on its head for the Hoops, with a sweetly struck free-kick two minutes after the break. The Hoops looked like they would hold on for a second pre-season win of the season but Dean Cox found space before slotting home with his left foot from just inside the box with just six minutes to play. Despite the late strike, a draw was just reward for Orient who matched QPR throughout the game even forcing Robert Green into a smart double stop just before the hour mark. Embrace: Joey Barton is congratulated by Armand Traore after netting his side's second goal . New faces: New signing Steven Caulker featured in the QPR defence but Rio Ferdinand was not in the squad . Heads up: Orient's Shaun Batt and QPR's Armand Traore challenge for the ball . Down on the touchline: Redknapp moved to watch the game from behind the bench as the match unfolded .
highlights: Hoops held to draw at Matchroom Stadium after Dean Cox strikes late for League One side . Joey Barton and Junior Hoilett had helped turn game around following Romain Vincelot's opener . Rio Ferdinand left out of Harry Redknapp's squad for all-London clash .
id: 394e762549f32319391df28e0a6b1d24689894b2
chatgpt: Leyton Orient and Fleetwood Town battled it out to a 1-1 draw in their League One clash at the Matchroom Stadium last night. The game saw some thrilling moments and a late equaliser from the home side, with midfielder Dean Cox finding the back of the net in the 83rd minute. The visitors took the lead in the 30th minute of the game, after Romain Vincelot opened the scoring for Fleetwood Town. However, Leyton Orient came back strongly in the second half and managed to turn the game around with two quick-fire goals from Joey Barton and Junior Hoilett. Barton, who has been a key addition to the Orient team this season, scored the equaliser for his side in the 67th minute. The midfielder, who has been in impressive form lately, received a through ball from Hoilett before slotting the ball home past the Fleetwood Town keeper. Hoilett then put Leyton Orient ahead just three minutes later, after he received a lofted pass from Cox and struck the ball home with a stunning volley. The Canadian winger has been an influential figure for the London side this season and his performance last night further proved his worth. However, the game was not yet over, with Fleetwood Town mounting a comeback in the latter stages. Leyton Orient had their hearts in their mouths as the visitors hit the woodwork twice, but ultimately it was the home side who walked away with a point. Harry Redknapp left Rio Ferdinand out of his squad for the all-London clash, amid suggestions that the former England international's fitness levels were not up to scratch. The move raised eyebrows, with many pundits suggesting that Redknapp's decision could spell the end of Ferdinand's time at QPR. Despite the absence of Ferdinand, Leyton Orient put in a solid display defensively, with Nathan Clarke and Mathieu Baudry forming a formidable partnership at the back. The duo made several crucial interventions to deny Fleetwood Town any further goals and ultimately helped their side secure a valuable point. Overall, it was a game of two halves, with Fleetwood dominating the first period and Leyton Orient coming back strongly in the second. Both sides will be pleased with the result, which sees them maintain their positions in midtable. The draw sees Leyton Orient remain in 13th place in the League One table, while Fleetwood Town sit just one point and one place below them. With just over a third of the season left to play, both sides will be looking to improve their position and finish the season strongly.