article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 14:19 EST, 12 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:52 EST, 13 June 2013 . Could this be the answer to London's chronic housing shortage? Tomorrow, Tower Hamlets council is expected to give the green light for developers to build a 784ft skyscraper on Canary Wharf which is being dubbed a 'town in a tower'. Over 75 floors, the building will contain 822 homes as well as shops, a gym, a library, play and party areas, a cinema and a roof terrace. The facilities will be split between 'amenity floors' located on the 27th and and 56th floors. In their application, developer Chalegrove . Properties, argues this will compensate for a lack of outdoor space for . residents. Landmark: The new skyscraper, highlight right, will become the second-tallest building in Britain at 784ft tall . Living the high life: At the base of the tower there will be a cafe and play area for toddlers and a green space overlooking the River Thames . When the outdoors comes in: The building will include 'amenities' such as this children's play area to compensate for a lack of available outside space . Built on the site of an old pub, the City Pride, the tower will become the second-tallest building in Britain behind the Shard which stands at 1,016ft. It has been designed by top London architects Squire & Partners. Officers have recommended that Tower Hamlet's planning committee gives the project on Westferry Road the go-ahead on the basis that £4.2million is contributed to community services. Almost 40 per cent of the properties must also be reserved for the area's low-income buyers. The Mayor of London Boris Johnson, wrote recently that the shortage of affordable housing in the capital is ‘perhaps the gravest crisis the city faces’. In a document he penned about the future of the capital, he called for restrictions on London councils to borrow to be lifted so they could build more homes. Development: The new skyscraper will be built on the site of a derelict pub on Westferry Road on Canary Wharf . 'There is no need for this to appear on the books as public borrowing,' he said in his 11,000-word paper 'Ambitions for London'. He estimated another 1 million homes will have to be built by the mid-2030s if London is to cope with demographic projections. Mr Johnson added: 'Already 70 per cent of businesses say that the cost of housing in London is a major barrier to growth.' 'To address this crisis we need to act urgently and boldly.' Earlier this year architects released plans to turn disused garages in Dalston, East London, into mini-homes which could be used by young professionals for just £11 a week. If it is successful, the scheme will . be expanded to other parts of London and throughout the UK, . concentrating on areas where there are lots of homeless people or a . shortage of housing for the young. The architects are already in talks with a number of local authorities in hope of launching similar schemes.
highlights: Building will become second-tallest in Britain behind the Shard . Will have 75 floors and more than 2,000 sq ft of 'amenity space' for leisure and play areas, a gym and restaurant among other facilities . Developers say this will be compensate for lack of outdoor space . Tower Hamlets planners expected to give it approval tomorrow .
id: 4c53738810cd66a45ca70fba9aeeb264ee663a7f
chatgpt: London's skyline is set to change once again as plans for a new tower are given the go-ahead by Tower Hamlets planners. The building will become the second-tallest in Britain behind the Shard, reaching an impressive 75 floors. The tower will provide over 2,000 square feet of "amenity space" for leisure and play areas, a gym and restaurant among other facilities. Developers have emphasized that the abundance of indoor amenities will compensate for the lack of outdoor space that the new building will offer. With a growing emphasis on providing residents with green space, the developers have found themselves having to get creative with their plans. The tower has been designed to provide maximum comfort and convenience, and the amenity space is no exception. The tower will have a range of facilities, including a children's play area, a cinema room, and a swimming pool. There will also be a gym complete with state-of-the-art equipment and workout studios. In addition, a restaurant will be available on site, ensuring that residents can enjoy a delicious meal without having to leave the building. The Tower Hamlets planners are expected to give the project their seal of approval tomorrow. If everything goes according to plan, the construction of the new tower will begin in the coming months. The building is set to be located in the heart of London, providing easy access to a range of amenities and attractions. Despite the inevitable excitement that comes with the prospect of a new skyscraper in London, some people have raised concerns over its impact on the skyline. The Shard, which currently holds the title of the tallest building in Britain, already dominates the capital's skyline. While the new tower is unlikely to reach the same heights, it will certainly be a prominent addition to the city's landscape. For others, however, the new tower represents another step forward in the development of London's skyline. The city has seen a surge in new skyscrapers in recent years, with iconic buildings such as the Gherkin and the Walkie Talkie now synonymous with the capital. Some see it as a sign of London's growth and ambition, while others argue that it detracts from the city's historic charm. Regardless of one's opinion on the matter, it is clear that London will soon have a new landmark on its hands. With its impressive height and range of amenities, the tower is sure to attract attention from residents and tourists alike. Whether it will have a lasting impact on London's skyline remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure: London's skyline is once again evolving, and the future looks bright.