article: Olive Garden has defended its practice of giving customers as many breadsticks as they want, saying the policy conveys 'Italian generosity.' The remark is part of a response by the chain's parent company, Darden Restaurants Inc., to a nearly 300-page criticism released by hedge fund Starboard Value last week. Starboard took Olive Garden and its management to task for a litany of issues, including its liberal distribution of breadsticks, its failure to salt the water used to boil its pasta and even the length of the asparagus it serves. Olive Garden has defended its practice of giving customers as many breadsticks as they want, saying the policy conveys 'Italian generosity' after criticism from its new hedge fund owners . Darden's 24-page response doesn't specifically address each of Starboard's criticisms, but states that the company is already implementing a variety of strategies to improve Olive Garden's performance. The company says it has introduced new menu items to underscore value, for instance, and is testing ordering technologies using table-top tablets. Starboard is lobbying to gain control of Darden's board of directors at the company's annual meeting Oct. 10. Darden, which is based in Orlando, Florida, has struggled to boost sales at Olive Garden with the growing popularity of chains such as Chipotle, where people feel they can get food similar in quality to a sit-down restaurant for less money. Under pressure to boost results, Darden recently sold off Red Lobster, which was doing even worse than Olive Garden. But Starboard and others took issue with the sale and wanted the company's breakup structured differently. Starboard also took Olive Garden to task for a litany of issues, including its failure to salt the water used to boil its pasta and even the length of the asparagus it serves . As for its breadsticks, Starboard said last week that Olive Garden was being wasteful because servers weren't sticking to the policy of providing one breadstick per customer, plus an extra for the table. The investor said servers lacked 'training and discipline' and were bringing out too many breadsticks at a time, which also led to cold breadsticks. Starboard noted that it wasn't calling for Olive Garden to stop giving away unlimited breadsticks, but simply exercise more control in how they're distributed. Starboard also said servers were overfilling salad bowls and using too much dressing, which it said drives up costs. In its response on Monday, Darden said that 'Olive Garden's salad and breadsticks have been an icon of brand equity since 1982.' The company didn't say whether it would change the way salad and breadsticks are brought out, however.
highlights: Hedge fund Starboard Value has taken the chain to task over a litany of issues in a 300-page criticism . The new owners complained about the liberal distribution of breadsticks and the failure of Olive Garden to salt the water used to boil its pasta . Olive Garden has defended its practice of giving customers as many breadsticks as they want, saying the policy conveys 'Italian generosity'
id: 3589c1fe7442557475c00f1fe2c445cd2273debc
chatgpt: Hedge fund Starboard Value has released a 300-page criticism of Olive Garden, taking the restaurant chain to task over a number of issues. In the report, Starboard Value complains about a liberal distribution of breadsticks in Olive Garden restaurants, as well as the failure of the chain to salt the water used to boil its pasta. The criticism has garnered attention from both the media and the general public. Many have questioned the validity of the claims, while others have expressed concern about the impact these issues may have on customers. Olive Garden has defended its practices, stating that the breadstick policy conveys "Italian generosity" and that the decision not to salt the pasta water is a matter of taste preference. The company has also emphasized its commitment to providing quality food and exceptional service to its customers. Despite these assertions, the criticism has sparked a larger conversation about the state of the restaurant industry and the expectations of consumers. Many feel that chains like Olive Garden have strayed too far from the traditional dining experience, focusing more on quantity rather than quality. In response to the criticism, Olive Garden has announced that it will be making several key changes to its menu and service offerings. These changes include a reduction in the number of free breadsticks given to customers, as well as an increased focus on using high-quality ingredients and culinary techniques. While the changes have been met with some criticism, many feel that they represent a step in the right direction for Olive Garden and the industry as a whole. It remains to be seen how these changes will impact the bottom line of Olive Garden, but the chain is hopeful that they will attract new customers and retain existing ones. As the restaurant industry continues to evolve, it is clear that consumers are demanding more from their dining experiences. Whether this means a return to more traditional dining practices or a new focus on sustainability and social responsibility, it is clear that the industry must adapt or risk being left behind. For now, Olive Garden and other chains will continue to navigate this changing landscape, seeking to find the balance between tradition and innovation that will keep customers coming back for more. With the help of investors like Starboard Value, the industry may finally be able to find its footing and move forward into a bright and prosperous future.