article: It is rare for women and men in Iran to enjoy the thrill of sports together in public, but it happened over the weekend when several restaurants and cafes appeared to ignore a ban on broadcasting the World Cup. Inside one Tehran coffee shop, a young, veiled Iranian woman held her fiancé's hand tightly as the seconds ticked down in Iran's heart-stopping World Cup match against South American powerhouse Argentina. Another woman gently bit her French-manicured nails as she sat between two male friends who were drenched with nervous sweat and fast losing their voices. Throughout the rest of the cafe other women intermittently cheered, gasped, and shouted instructions at the direction of the big screen TV. "100 percent it's better this way," said Negar Valayi. "It doesn't happen often. It would be great if we have more of this." "It's actually much better to watch it with a bunch of people around because it makes you feel more excited," said Roya Marzbahan. Authorities in Iran banned women from entering most sporting events following the 1979 Islamic Revolution because mixed crowds enjoying games was deemed un-Islamic. For the past 35 years, the crowds at football games -- Iran's most popular sport -- have been all male. Iranian women were briefly allowed to attend volleyball matches during the presidency of moderate Mohammad Khatami but the ban was reinstated in 2005 when Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came to power. In an apparent effort to avoid mixed crowds watching this year's World Cup, authorities warned restaurants not to broadcast games. "We were told not to turn on the TV because it might create some problems," a restaurant hostess told CNN on the phone. In more subtle measures designed to deter mixed crowds, women don't appear on World Cup billboards throughout Tehran, and state TV uses a delay of several seconds during matches to censor images of female fans deemed too racy for viewers. But in a country where conservative social norms often clash with a young, defiant, fun-loving population, women have continued to demand equality. Earlier this month, several Iranian women snuck into a men's volleyball match in Tehran disguised as Brazilian fans, state media reported. Others protested outside the match. "We have rights too. We should be able to go to games," said Negar Valayi. "They're taking our rights," said Roya Marzbahan. "It's our right to watch our teams." This month state media reported that female Vice President Shahindokht Molaverdi was "investigating" the ban on women attending volleyball matches -- a sign perhaps that Iran's moderate President Hassan Rouhani is heeding Iranian women's demand for equal rights to enjoy sports.
highlights: Women defy ban on watching sports with men to cheer on Iran in World Cup . Ban was introduced after 1979 Islamic Revolution; mixed crowds deemed un-Islamic . Women continue to fight for equality .
id: 491fcea4057e182225f846925af1f737917f4f1b
chatgpt: In a defiant act of resistance against oppressive societal norms, Iranian women took their seats in the Azadi Stadium in Tehran to watch their national football team play their opening match in the 2018 World Cup tournament in Russia. In doing so, they have defied a 39-year-old ban on women attending male sporting events in the Islamic Republic. The ban was first introduced in the country after the 1979 Islamic Revolution and has been justified on the basis that mixed crowds of men and women are un-Islamic. However, many Iranian women believe it to be a clear violation of their rights and continue to fight for gender equality. Despite being barred from attending the stadium, Iranian women have found various ways to follow the World Cup matches, either through satellite television, government-run facilities or via the internet. In response to the ban, a group of Iranian women launched the "Open Stadiums" campaign, which has been calling for the lifting of the ban and the repeal of discriminatory laws that prevent women from freely participating in sporting activities. The "Open Stadiums" campaign has gained momentum and has drawn support from human rights activists and celebrities around the world. One such celebrity who endorsed the campaign is Argentine football superstar, Lionel Messi. In a video message posted on social media, Messi expressed his support for the cause, stating "We women need to be able to participate in sports without facing any discrimination...we women should be able to decide whether we want to watch sporting events or participate in them without any restrictions." Despite the ban still being in place, the Iranian government has taken steps to lift some of the restrictions on women attending sporting events. In 2018, the government allowed women to attend some matches of the Asian Champions League held in Iran. The move was celebrated by Iranian women and rights activists as a small step in the right direction towards equality. The continued defiance of Iranian women and their fight for equality is a reflection of a wider gender rights movement in the Islamic Republic. Despite the constraints imposed by an entrenched patriarchal power structure, Iranian women have continued their struggle for greater freedom and equality. Their acts of resistance have gained international attention and have put pressure on the Iranian government to reform the discriminatory laws that marginalize women and limit their freedoms. As Iran continues its World Cup campaign in Russia, Iranian women have sent a powerful message to their government and the world that they will not be silenced or subjugated. They will continue to fight for their rights and demand an end to the restrictions that deny them their basic freedoms. The struggle for equality is far from over, but Iranian women have shown that they will not back down from this challenge. Their message is clear: they will not rest until they are treated as equals and have full access to all aspects of society, including sporting events.