article: By . Leon Watson . A mountain of binbags has built up in a block of flats after council binmen made  just one rubbish collection in eight weeks because of an EU law. Residents in a block of flats in Colchester, Essex, were told red tape means the binmen can't collect rubbish there when it's too dark for them to see it. As a result, the massive pile of 70 stinking black binbags has built up and is now overspilling the bin store with rats spotted sniffing around the pile. Overflowing: Flats resident Jill Bowyer with the rubbish bin men refused to collect piled up in the bin area . Furious residents stepped in to demand the binmen take away the black bags. But they were stunned when the binmen told them that the EU regulations mean they can't put their hands where they can't see them for health and safety reasons. The binmen have now refused to collect any more rubbish from the flats, saying they can't be seen to be breaking the rules. Many of the bags now spilling out of the store are split and rats have already been spotted in the area just yards from people's front doors. Too dark: The heaps of rubbish at the flats in Colchester, Essex . The block of flats in Colchester where a massive pile of 70 stinking black bin bags has built up and is now overspilling the bin store . Health and safety rules have left residents of the block of flats in Colchester with eight weeks of rubbish . Block resident Jill Mawby said: 'We . thought the binmen had forget to come into the flats so we waited . around to have a word with them. 'But . when we spoke to them about it, they said if they cannot see where they . are putting their hands, then they can't pick up the bags because of EU . law. 'There were 12 binmen, yet they could not collect our rubbish. It's utter madness.' Residents from the block of flats use the communal store for their bins which should be picked up on a weekly basis by workers from Colchester Borough Council. Miss Mawby, a mother of two, added: 'All we can smell is weeks' worth of bins - it really is disgusting. 'Colchester Council promised me a collection would be made yet I just don't think it is going to happen.' A spokesman for Colchester Borough Council said: 'The crews have identified an issue with the accessibility of collection in a bin store at this location which is now to be investigated. 'We will ensure that all the rubbish at this location is removed as part of this visit and liaise with the property management company to ensure that any future problems are prevented.
highlights: Massive pile of 70 bags has built up in block of flats in Colchester, Essex . Bin men claim EU says they can't put their hands where they can't see them .
id: af79a709199e8e960303d5da789b94b7c2589ca2
chatgpt: A pile of 70 bags has been accumulating at a block of flats in Colchester, Essex, causing concern among the residents. Bin men claim that they are unable to collect the bags due to EU regulations stating that they cannot put their hands where they cannot see them. The issue has been ongoing for several weeks, with residents expressing their frustration over the increasing pile of rubbish. Some residents have resorted to burning the bags, which has raised concerns over the environmental impact and the potential danger of fire in the area. Local authorities have urged residents to refrain from burning the bags and have promised to find a solution to the problem. However, the issue has yet to be resolved, and the pile of rubbish continues to grow. Many residents are blaming the EU regulations for the situation, claiming that they are overly strict and are preventing the bin men from doing their job. However, others believe that the real issue lies with the local authorities, who are not doing enough to address the problem. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "It's absolutely disgusting. The smell is unbearable, and it's attracting rats and other vermin. It's not fair on those of us who live here, and it's not fair on the bin men who are just trying to do their job." Another resident added: "It's not just the smell and the rats that are a problem. It's also a health hazard. There are young children and elderly people living here, and they are at risk from the bacteria and germs that are growing in the pile." The local authorities have promised to find a solution to the problem, but they have not yet offered any concrete plans. The residents are growing increasingly frustrated and are calling for action to be taken as soon as possible. While the EU regulations may be playing a part in the problem, it is clear that there are deeper issues at play. The local authorities need to do more to address the issue of rubbish collection in the area, and they need to work with residents to come up with a solution that benefits everyone. In the meantime, the pile of rubbish in the block of flats in Colchester continues to grow, and residents are left to deal with the consequences of a system that is not working for them. It is a situation that is both unacceptable and unsustainable, and it is one that urgently needs to be resolved.