article: By . Peter Rugg . 'Fattitude' filmmaker Lindsey Averill didn't think twice when internet trolls . sent her a mean email about her weight, or mocked her movie, but she . never expected to get death threats. She was . told by fellow 'body-positive' filmmakers and writers that once she . launched a Kickstarter for a doc on body image, she should . expect her share of criticism. 'Fattitude's' film description calls it a 'feature-length documentary that exposes . how popular culture fosters fat prejudice and then offers an alternative . way of thinking.' Internet trolls threatened filmmaker Lindsey Averill with rape and murder when she announced a documentary, 'Fattitude,' on body shaming . So far the film has made $32,862 of its $38,050 goal on Kickstarter, with 25 days to go. Some . of the backlash was harmless. There were people who told her her time . would be better spent getting off the sofa and putting away the donuts. She doesn't even touch donuts because of a gluten allergy, and exercises with a trainer three times a week. 'I can laugh at those people because [they] believe the stereotype that fat is a simple concept,' Averill, 35, told ABC News. 'It’s foolish. I’m going to help educate you by making this film.' Averill's film has raised $32,862 of its $38,050 Kickstarter goal and she plans to include a mini-documentary on her harassment on the DVD . But it didn't take long for things to escalate from jokes about her eating habits to full-scale harassment. Anonymous people began calling her home with rape and death threats. They ordered pizzas delivered to her home to show they had her address. They called her husband at work and extended their reach to people who appeared in the documentary and backers on Kickstarter. 'I didn't expect it to get this ugly,' she said. A troll even took her video promo for the film, and spliced it with new footage to load on YouTube under the title: 'Cakes: The New Comedy Hit.' That troll's edit was cut with racist, anti-Semitic and violent imagery. Averill tried to get the video removed by filing a complaint for copyright infringement. The troll struck back, sending her a tweet telling her to retract the complaint 'or else.' In a way, all the attacks did was help convince her the project was important. While her own experience with online harassment won't be part of her finished film, she will likely include a short of the battles as a DVD extra. 'I really do feel like we do live in a culture that’s brutally cruel . to fat people of all ages — children and adults alike,' she said. 'If . you’re like me and you’re living in a fat body, no one should be mean to . you.'
highlights: Filmmaker Lindsey Averill announced a documentary on body images called 'Fattitude' Film has yet to be completed and is currently raising funds on Kickstarter . Averill was victimized with racist videos, having her address posted online, and being sent threatening messages .
id: 05abd708d6e1231b97c9b403a0e8d27ae984dbb2
chatgpt: Filmmaker Lindsey Averill has announced her latest project, a documentary on body image called 'Fattitude.' The documentary aims to challenge the societal stigmas associated with being overweight and promote body acceptance. However, the film has yet to be completed, and Averill is currently raising funds through the crowdfunding website, Kickstarter. The project has already gained significant support, exceeding its initial goal, but more funding is still needed to bring this timely and crucial documentary to fruition. Averill's passion for addressing the issues of body image and weight discrimination is personal. She has struggled with her own weight and body image throughout her life and has witnessed the impact of societal stigmas and discrimination on herself and others. Sadly, Averill's dedication to promoting body acceptance has also made her a target of discrimination herself. In particular, she has been the victim of racist videos that targeted her because of her beliefs and the nature of her documentary. She has been subjected to doxing, with her personal address being posted online, and she has received threatening messages. It is a sad reality that those who speak against discrimination often become victims of the same intense prejudice. However, Averill is determined to continue her work and sees the need for it now more than ever. According to Averill, the documentary aims to put an end to fatphobia and advocates for body positivity. The film will take an intersectional approach, considering the experiences and perspectives of individuals of different races, ethnicities, genders, and sexual orientations. The issue of body image is not new, but Averill's documentary comes at a critical time when social media has amplified the issue. The film will feature interviews with activists, educators, scientists, historians, and individuals who have experienced shame and discrimination because of their weight. Fattitude will also take a critical look at the media's representation of overweight individuals and the impact those representations have on the public's perception of body image. Averill has emphasized that the documentary's goal is not to promote an unhealthy lifestyle, but to challenge the conventional beauty standards that are unrealistic and harmful. She has described the documentary as "a love letter to the world's bodies." Fattitude is a crucial project that promises to bring much-needed attention to the issue of body image and challenge the harmful societal stigmas associated with being overweight. Although the filmmaker has faced discrimination and harassment, she remains committed to the cause and believes that her documentary can change the world's view of body image, one viewer at a time. The crowdfunding campaign for Fattitude is still ongoing, and those who support the project can contribute through Kickstarter. With more funding, Averill will be able to complete the documentary and work towards a more inclusive and accepting society.