article: MacIntrye alleges Ford conspired with . Payman Aboodowleh, who coached football with Ford, to have one of their . former players, who was also in jail at the time, to hurt him . By . Associated Press . Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford is being sued by his sister's ex-boyfriend for allegedly conspiring to have the man beaten in jail to prevent his illicit behaviors from becoming known. A lawsuit submitted Wednesday by Scott MacIntyre alleges the mayor was behind an assault at a Toronto jail in March 2012 that was intended to keep MacIntrye quiet about Ford's abuse of alcohol and drugs. The lawsuit alleges MacIntrye was threatened with 'dire consequences' if he did not remain quiet. He was in jail after being charged with threatening the mayor, for saying he would expose his 'unsavory activities,' the lawsuit says. Rob Ford, accused of planning an attack on his sister's ex, has a history of drug use and tongue slips . Rob Ford may have some secrets he'd do anything to keep quiet . MacIntrye alleges Ford conspired with Payman Aboodowleh, who coached football with Ford, to have one of their former players, who was also in jail at the time, to beat MacIntyre up. Ford and Aboodowleh arranged for staff members at the Metro West Detention Centre to 'ensure 'there was no supervision or surveillance of the area' where the alleged assault occurred, the lawsuit says. Ford's lawyer, Dennis Morris, said the allegations are 'without fact or foundation.' When questioned further if the mayor had conspired in any way to harm MacIntyre, Morris said, 'The answer is no.' Ford offered no comment when reporters asked him about the lawsuit. The mayor acknowledged last year that he had smoked crack, but he has rebuffed pressure to resign. The lawsuit also names Ontario's Ministry of Correctional Services, which is responsible for the province's jails, Aboodowleh and Aedan Petros, the former football player who MacIntyre alleges attacked him. Mayor Rob Ford was at Toronto city council special meeting to consider the 2014 budget yesterday .
highlights: Rob Ford allegedly conspired to have sister's ex Scott Macintyre beaten up in jail . MacIntrye alleges Ford conspired with . Payman Aboodowleh, who coached football with Ford, to have one of their . former players, who was also in jail at the time, to hurt him . Ford's lawyer, Dennis Morris, said the allegations are 'without fact or foundation'
id: 7465e20ca86e981f5736ba88eb867e488b08e21a
chatgpt: Former mayor of Toronto, Rob Ford, has been accused of conspiring to have his sister's ex-boyfriend, Scott Macintyre, beaten up while he was in jail. Macintyre alleges that Ford and a former football coach, Payman Aboodowleh, conspired to have one of their former players, who was also in jail at the time, to hurt him. Macintyre claims that Aboodowleh asked him for his jail location and said he had a player, who he coached with Ford, who could "take care" of him. He alleges that shortly after, he was beaten by a group of inmates from behind. Ford's lawyer, Dennis Morris, denies the allegations and says they are "without fact or foundation". Morris went on to say that "Rob Ford and Payman Aboodowleh had absolutely no involvement in the beating of Scott Macintyre." This is not the first time Ford has been in the spotlight for negative reasons. During his time as mayor from 2010 to 2014, he admitted to purchasing illegal drugs and was caught on video smoking crack cocaine. He died in 2016 after a battle with cancer. Macintyre's accusations against Ford and Aboodowleh have not been proven in court. However, they add to the controversial legacy of one of Toronto's most infamous mayors. The allegations are also concerning for the sport of football, as Aboodowleh was a former coach for the Don Bosco Eagles, a high school football team that Ford used to coach for. The team has already been plagued with scandal, as former players have come forward with allegations of physical and verbal abuse. It remains to be seen if any charges will be laid against Ford or Aboodowleh as a result of these allegations. However, they serve as a reminder of the controversial life that Rob Ford led both in and out of office.