article: (CNN) -- A federal judge ordered the Obama administration Friday to stop temporarily the forced feeding of a detainee at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and provide videotapes of past such feedings. U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler ordered the administration to preserve and turn over the videotapes of the forced feeding of detainee Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab between April 9, 2013, and February 19, 2014, according to court documents. The judge also ordered the federal government to preserve all videotapes of forcible cell extractions of Dhiab. Dhiab, 42, a Syrian, was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and has been detained in Guantanamo for more than 10 years, according to the London-based human rights group Reprieve. The group says it has been acting on behalf of Dhiab and his effort to secure 140 to 150 videos. Reprieve describes a forcible cell extraction as the Guantanamo base's process in which detainees who do not wish to be force-fed are restrained, sometimes "violently," and taken to a force-feeding chair. The forced feedings are the U.S. government's response to hunger strikes by detainees. Dhiab, in court filings,seeks an injunction against "abusive" and painful force-feedings. U.S. Justice Department attorneys argued in court papers that although Dhiab was subject to forced feedings between March 2013 and February 2014, "the medical records during that time period are not material to his current motion for preliminary injunction, which seeks prospective injunctive relief to stop (forced) feeding going forward." Dhiab also hasn't shown which forcible cell extractions were "unlawful," the government's attorneys said in court papers filed Thursday. "His motion is completely devoid of any details regarding specific instances of mistreatment. Rather, he has only raised vague and speculative allegations of FCE abuse based almost entirely on statements of other detainees that provide no information about (Dhiab) whatsoever," the Justice Department attorneys said. Guantanamo, in southeastern Cuba, has been used by U.S. government for detainees suspected of terrorism since the 9/11 attacks in 2001. Dhiab was cleared for release by the Obama administration in 2009 and has never been charged, Reprieve's website said. Dhiab is in poor health with depression and uses a wheelchair, the rights group said. His return to Syria is now "impossible" because of that country's ongoing civil war, the group said. "He urgently needs a country to step forward and offer him resettlement so that he can begin his life with his family again, in safety and in peace," Reprieve said. The judge scheduled a May 21 status conference on the videotapes and forced feedings.
highlights: Judge orders Obama administration to stop temporarily a detainee's forced feeding . Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab, 42, a Syrian, has been detained since 2002 arrest . The Guantanamo base is also ordered to turn over videotaped forced feedings . Dhiab was cleared for release in 2009, but he needs a country to take him, group says .
id: 4ce859da73ab0760b5bb65063ad101ef2a91f548
chatgpt: In a landmark decision, a federal judge has ordered the Obama administration to temporarily stop force-feeding a Syrian detainee held at Guantanamo Bay: Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab. The order also directs the military to hand over videotapes of the prisoner being forcibly fed. Dhiab has been detained since his arrest in 2002, and he was cleared for release in 2009. However, no country has agreed to take him in. As a result, he and other detainees at the prison have resorted to hunger strikes to protest their conditions. The force-feeding of detainees has been a controversial practice at Guantanamo Bay. Many human rights advocates argue that such treatment amounts to torture, while the military defends it as necessary to keep prisoners alive. However, Judge Gladys Kessler of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that Dhiab's case presented "weighty" concerns regarding force-feeding, and that the government's actions appeared to be "harmful and inhumane." She also expressed concerns about the secrecy surrounding the practice of force-feeding, noting that the videotapes of Dhiab's feedings could shed light on the issue. The decision comes amid mounting pressure on President Barack Obama to close Guantanamo Bay. Nearly 150 detainees remain at the prison, and many have been held for more than a decade without trial or formal charges. Critics of Guantanamo Bay argue that the facility is a symbol of America's diminished commitment to due process and human rights. Supporters contend that it is necessary to hold dangerous terrorists who cannot be tried in civilian courts. The decision to temporarily halt Dhiab's force-feeding is seen by many as a small but significant step towards ending the practice altogether. However, the ruling only applies to Dhiab and does not affect other detainees at the prison. For Dhiab, who has been on hunger strike for more than a year, the decision may offer some solace as he continues to wait for a country to accept him. His lawyer, Cori Crider of the human rights group Reprieve, called the ruling a "historic victory" and praised Judge Kessler's courage in making it. Whether the decision will have a lasting impact on the treatment of detainees at Guantanamo Bay remains to be seen. For now, however, it represents a glimmer of hope for those who have long sought to end the prison's controversial practices.