article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- The Phenomenon is back. You may not have recognized him when he came on as a substitute for Corinthians in a Brazilian Cup match, though. After all, he's a few kilos heavier than the Ronaldo we grew to know and love in the last decade. Comeback Brazilian: Ronaldo is playing competitive football again -- but will he reach his former glory? However, at 32 years of age, Ronaldo Luis Nazario de Lima is attempting another comeback. Will it be a successful one? As far as I am concerned, it won't. Debate: Do you think Ronaldo can return to his former glory? Tell us in the Sound Off box below. I have had the privilege of interviewing Ronaldo various times, and spent some one-on-one time with him in Italy and France. He's a great guy, friendly, humble and fun-loving. However, that last personality trait has contributed to a turbulent career and lifestyle. Wherever he has gone, the striker has always made his mark, on and off the field. While he was helping Barcelona, Inter Milan, Real Madrid and Brazil win a multitude of titles, he also found himself in the headlines a multitude of times for all the wrong reasons. It's true that Ronaldo has always been unfortunate with injuries - he has undergone three major knee operations. However, his love for a night out and for a playboy lifestyle may have also contributed to the breakdown of his body. In my opinion, this is the reason he will struggle to stay fit and motivated for Corinthians this season. There are too many temptations for him in Brazil, and I don't see him being able to resist all of them. Furthermore, he has won practically everything there is to win in the world of football, with the exception of the Champions League. So it would be fair to say that he's not going to bend over backwards to make sure his new team wins some silverware this season. He will score the odd goal and make the odd highlight, but I don't expect his latest comeback to be a success.
highlights: Brazilian Ronaldo is back playing competitive football for Corinthians . The 32-year-old has been out for 13 months after needing knee surgery . CNN's Pedro Pinto predicts Ronaldo won't reach his former glory .
id: 9f6a28503731cf468ff08967f03d5645e866bf26
chatgpt: Brazilian striker Ronaldo Nazário de Lima, better known as Ronaldo, has finally made his long-awaited comeback to competitive football for Corinthians after being sidelined for 13 months due to a knee injury. The former Real Madrid and AC Milan star underwent surgery to repair the damage and has, since then, faced a grueling rehabilitation process. Ronaldo made his eagerly-awaited comeback in his team's game against Palmeiras, coming on as a substitute, much to the delight of his fans. Despite receiving a rapturous welcome from the crowd, Ronaldo looked somewhat rusty and lacked his usual sharpness in front of goal. CNN sports correspondent Pedro Pinto commented on Ronaldo's comeback, expressing skepticism as to whether the 32-year-old striker will ever regain the form that he once possessed. Pinto noted that Ronaldo's injury and absence from the game for over a year could have taken their toll, and it remains to be seen whether he will be able to recapture his once-prodigious form. Ronaldo himself, however, remains optimistic about his future prospects, telling reporters after the game that he was "very happy" to make his comeback. He emphasized that he is still working hard to get back to his best and is determined to contribute to the success of his team. Despite Ronaldo's injury woes, he remains one of the most iconic and successful strikers in the history of football. He scored a remarkable 62 goals in 98 appearances for the Brazilian national team and won two World Cups with his country. Ronaldo also enjoyed success at the club level, scoring an impressive 247 goals in 343 appearances for teams such as Barcelona, Inter Milan, Real Madrid, and AC Milan. He won several major titles during his career, including three FIFA World Player of the Year awards and two Ballon d'Or titles. While there are still doubts about Ronaldo's ability to reach his former heights, there is no denying the impact he has had on the game of football. His return to Corinthians is a much anticipated event amongst his supporters, and many will be hoping that he can continue contributing to the success of the team. In any case, Ronaldo's comeback marks a significant milestone in his career and serves as a testament to his sheer determination and resilience in the face of adversity. As he works to regain his form and fitness, football fans around the world will undoubtedly be rooting for him.