article: By . Marcus Townend For Mail Online . Roger Charlton is to run Al Kazeem in the Cumberland Lodge Stakes at Ascot a week on Saturday. The six-year-old, a three-time group one winner in 2013, has raced three times since returning to training this summer after encountering fertility problems at stud, winning the 10-furlong Group Three Winter Hill Stakes at Windsor before finishing fifth to The Grey Gatsby in the Irish Champion Stakes last time out. Charlton, whose dual Group Three winning miler Captain Cat tries to win his first Group Two prize in the Joel Stakes at Newmarket on Friday, said: ‘The step up in trip and step down in class is just Al Kazeem needs.’ Al Kazeem will run in the Cumberland Lodge Stakes at Ascot a week on Saturday . Roger Charlton believes the step up in trip and step down in class is just what Al Kazeem needs . The Cumberland Lodge Stakes was an option for Jeremy Noseda’s Grandeur but the gelding, who has run three times without luck across the Atlantic this summer, will again be on his travel with a shot at the $1million Canadian International at Woodbine on October 19. The five-year-old won the Listed Foundation Stakes at Goodwood for the second year running but Noseda will be have to look for a new jockey in Canada. Wednesday’s rider Ryan Moore should be needed for Sir Michael Stoute-trained Hillstar, a winner at Newbury on Saturday. Noseda’s Newmarket colleague Roger Varian may have just won his first Classic with Kingston Hill in the St Leger but there was one surprising omission from his CV. Until Andre Atzeni-ridden 15-8 favourite American Artist passed the post first in the British Stallions Stud Maiden Stakes, Varian had never had a winner at Goodwood from 50 runners in his four-year training career. Varian confirmed that Kingston Hill was on course for a crack at the Prix de L’Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp on October 5, saying: ‘It is all systems go – I have been very pleased with his since the Leger.’ Roger Varians says Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes winner Cursory Glance might run again this season . Varian also refused to rule out the possibility that his Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes winner Cursory Glance might run again this season. Moore was also successful on his father Gary’s Good Luck Charm. That stretched his title race lead to five (142-137) over Richard Hughes, who also picked up a two-day whip ban on runner-up Shadow Rock.
highlights: Six-year-old has raced three times since encountering fertility problems . Al Kazeem finished fifth in the Irish Champion Stakes last time out . Charlton admits step down in class is just what Al Kazeem needs .
id: 8a4f407c6a72f60c83e83cda6b491e54931ceb09
chatgpt: Former champion racehorse Al Kazeem is set to take a step down in class after a brief hiatus caused by fertility problems. The six-year-old stallion has raced just three times since encountering the issue, and most recently finished fifth in the Irish Champion Stakes. Trainer Roger Charlton has acknowledged the challenges that Al Kazeem has faced in recent years, but insists that the horse is in good shape and ready for a fresh start. Speaking to reporters, Charlton expressed confidence that a step down in class is just what the stallion needs to regain his form and competitive edge. "Al Kazeem has had some setbacks, including fertility issues that kept him off the track for a while," said Charlton. "But despite these challenges, he's still a top-class racehorse with plenty of ability. I think that dropping down a level and competing against less challenging competition will be just what he needs to find his stride again." Charlton's comments come after Al Kazeem's less-than-stellar performance in the Irish Champion Stakes, which saw the stallion finish behind several highly-rated competitors. While some analysts have questioned the horse's ability to compete at the highest levels of elite horse racing, Charlton remains confident that Al Kazeem has what it takes to succeed. "Al Kazeem may not have won the Irish Champion Stakes, but he still put in a solid effort and showed that he's capable of competing against the best horses in the world," said Charlton. "With a bit of fine-tuning and some time to adjust to the lower level of competition, I'm confident that he'll be back to his winning ways in no time." While details of Al Kazeem's next race have yet to be confirmed, rumors suggest that the stallion may compete in the upcoming Group 3 Cumberland Lodge Stakes at Ascot. This would be a step down from Al Kazeem's recent outings, and could provide the perfect opportunity for the stallion to regain his confidence and dominance on the racecourse. Regardless of where he next competes, Al Kazeem remains one of the most highly-regarded horses in the world of horse racing. With his impressive pedigree, formidable athleticism, and determined spirit, there's no doubt that he'll continue to captivate audiences and inspire awe-inspiring performances for years to come.