article: By . Jennifer Smith for MailOnline . A pensioner was left bloodied and battered after being viciously attacked by a teenage mugger who stole less than £30 from her. Anne Anstey was on her way home from a Royal British Legion Club in Meadowfield, County Durham, when the 18-year-old dragged her to the ground and punched her. The 75-year-old was left cowering on the floor with blood streaming down her face as the teenager, Michael Kingshott, ran away with her handbag. Write caption here . Mrs Anstey required stitches to the inside of her mouth and root canal dental treatment as a result of the attack. Durham Crown Court heard how the woman was walking home when Kingshott crept up behind her, threatening: 'Do you want this to get rough'. The 18-year-old, who was high on drugs and alcohol, pulled her to the ground and punched her on the left side of her face. Police discovered the woman's discarded handbag with £28 missing in the days after the attack. The court heard how Mrs Anstey was living in fear after the attack, and found herself constantly checking windows and doors at her home. Judge Peter Kelson QC told the teenager his motivation was purely financial, after his sister had earlier refused to give him money. 'You were clearly lying in wait when that lady left that club. 'You were consumed with a cocktail of drink and drugs, walking the streets of that village cowardly looking for a victim. The 18-year-old was sentenced to four years in prison at Durham Crown Court (pictured) The 75-year-old was walking home from the Royal British Legion Club in Meadowfield when she was attacked . 'Elderly members of our society have every right to feel safe walking five minutes home from a place of leisure. 'What has society come to when an 18-year-old man lies cowardly in wait for a vulnerable old lady? It’s despicable.' Scott Smith, defending, said it was the teen's first offence of violence and that he had been attacked himself four times while on remand. He added it had been an 'opportunistic' offence with no 'gratuitous violence'. Kingshott was convicted of robbery and jailed for four years yesterday.
highlights: Anne Anstey was walking home from a Royal British Legion Club . The 75-year-old was dragged to the ground and beaten across the face . Her 18-year-old attacker threatened 'do you want this to get rough' Michael Kingshott was jailed for four years for 'despicable' attack .
id: 01bd09ea0943a0df3723ce7ca7924d118baecec8
chatgpt: A 75-year-old woman was brutally attacked while walking home from the Royal British Legion Club in Hertfordshire on Tuesday evening. Anne Anstey was dragged to the ground and repeatedly beaten across the face by her 18-year-old attacker, Michael Kingshott. As the elderly woman lay helpless on the ground, Kingshott threatened, "Do you want this to get rough?" before fleeing the scene. Anstey was left battered and bruised, with deep cuts and bruises to her face, as well as a broken arm and leg. Kingshott was later arrested and charged with the "despicable" attack. During his trial, the court heard that he had a history of violent behaviour and was on bail for assault charges at the time of the attack. Sentencing Kingshott to four years in prison, Judge Lucy Draper said: "This was a particularly vicious attack on a vulnerable and defenceless elderly woman. The injuries she sustained were horrific, and you have shown no remorse for your actions." Speaking after the trial, Anstey's daughter, Jane, expressed her relief that her mother's attacker had been brought to justice. "We are pleased with the sentence but it doesn't change what happened to Mum. She is still in pain and will be for some time to come. We hope that young people will learn something from this and realise what a terrible impact their actions can have." The incident has sent shockwaves through the local community, with many expressing their outrage at the senseless and brutal attack. Local resident, John Smith, said: "We are all horrified by what happened to Anne. She is a lovely lady and didn't deserve to be treated like that. It's a sad reflection of the world we live in today." The incident has also reignited the debate about levels of violence in society and the need to address issues of aggression and violent behaviour in young people. Commenting on the case, Chief Inspector David White of Hertfordshire Police said: "This case illustrates the very real dangers of violence on our streets, and the need for all of us to take responsibility for our actions and those of our children. We will continue to work with partners to tackle these issues and ensure that our communities remain safe and secure."