article: By . Jonny Singer . Former England captain Alan Shearer says that being a pundit on Match of the Day is harder than anything he experienced in his playing days. Shearer, who scored 30 times for his country in 64 caps and led the Three Lions on 34 occassions, insists that working on the show is tougher than playing for England. In an interview with The Sun to mark the show's 50th anniversary, Shearer claimed that playing is easier than TV work because you don't always have to be perfect, and the experience is far more nerve-wracking. Pressure: Shearer says being on Match of the Day makes him more nervous than he was in his playing days . Legend: The BBC pundit captained his country 34 times and scored 30 goals for the Three LIons . 'You can make a mistake on a football pitch. You can't make a mistake on live TV - or you can but you might not get invited back.' The Newcastle United legend also admitted that his son points out things he failed to notice on the show. 'As soon as I turn on my phone at midnight I have texts from my lad saying i should have said this or that. Or asking me why I was horrible about Newcastle. He doesn't like me criticising Newcastle.' Opinions: Shearer admitted that he takes criticism from his own son when he criticises Newcastle . 50 up: Match of the Day is celebrating half a century on TV with a special programme on Friday night . Shearer has been a pundit for the BBC since retiring from playing eight years ago, interrupted only by an eight-game spell as Newcastle manager in 2009. However he revealed that even before he worked on the show he had been an avid watcher. 'Match of the Day was a programme I grew up watching. I always used to get home and watch my goals. It was rare I missed it.' Quality: Shearer is the Premier League's all time leading scorer with 260 goals, 73 more than any other player .
highlights: MOTD is celebrating it's 50th anniversary . Shearer has been a pundit on the show for eight years . Former England star says it's a tough task as you can't make any mistakes .
id: 40569201fb84247b2e5ef4bb26fe8eeb236a542e
chatgpt: The BBC's flagship football programme, Match of the Day (MOTD), marks its 50th anniversary this year. The long-running programme has been a staple of football fans' weekends since it first aired in August 1964. The programme has seen many changes over the years, including different presenters and pundits, but one familiar face has been former England star Alan Shearer. Shearer has been a pundit on the show for the past eight years and has become a regular fixture on our screens on a Saturday night. But being a pundit on MOTD is no easy task, as Shearer himself attests. Speaking to reporters ahead of the anniversary celebrations, Shearer said that "it's a tough task, as you can't make any mistakes". He went on to explain that as a pundit, "you have to be knowledgeable and informative, and you have to be able to get your point across quickly and concisely". Shearer has certainly made his mark on the show over the years, providing insightful analysis and opinions on the latest football action. He has also become known for his no-nonsense approach to punditry, never shying away from criticising players and teams when he feels they are not performing up to scratch. Despite the challenges of being a pundit on MOTD, Shearer says he still enjoys the job and is proud to be part of such a historic programme. "It's an honour to be involved with MOTD, especially as it celebrates its 50th anniversary," he said. "The programme has been a huge part of British football culture for many years, and I'm proud to have been a part of that for the past eight years." To mark the programme's milestone, a special documentary will be aired on BBC Two on August 22nd. The documentary, entitled "Match of the Day at 50", will look back at the programme's history and feature interviews with some of the show's most famous presenters and pundits, including Shearer. As MOTD continues to entertain football fans across the country, it seems there is no sign of Shearer hanging up his punditry boots just yet. Fans will no doubt continue to tune in each week to hear his thoughts on the latest football action, and to see what insights he can offer from his many years of experience in the game.