article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 11:46 EST, 1 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:52 EST, 1 February 2013 . A jet liner bound for Seattle was forced to make an emergency landing after the captain lost consciousness - forcing his co-pilot to guide it to safety. The Alaska Airlines pilot blacked out 'somewhere over Oregon' and had to be treated by a doctor on board the flight, which was carrying 121 people. The incident, yesterday, is the second time this year that an Alaska Airlines pilot has lost consciousness in the cockpit of one of the firm's aircraft. Emergency: The co-pilot of an Alaska Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Seattle was forced to make an emergency landing after the captain lost consciousness . Safe: The plane landed safely in Portland Oregon, where the pilot was taken to hospital by ambulance . On January 22, the co-pilot on an Alaska . Airlines flight from Seattle to Las Vegas fainted for a short period and required medical attention. The plane, which was carrying 146 passengers, landed safely at Las Vegas. The two incidents are not thought to be related, ABC News reports. A spokesman for the Alaska Airlines said that in yesterday's incident, the co-pilot declared an emergency in order to get . priority care for the captain after he passed out. The pilot, who regained consciousness, was tended to by a doctor on board before being taken to hospital once the plane had touched down at Portland International Airport. Transfer: Passengers on board the flight were reportedly transferred to other planes in order to complete their journey . Schedule: The flight had been due to land in Seattle at 9.30pm before being diverted to Portland (above) He has not been named but is reported to have worked for the airline for nearly 30 years. The co-pilot who landed the plane is understood to have worked for the airline for 11 years. The Boeing 737-700 aircraft was . carrying 116 passengers and five crew when it left Los Angeles at about . 6:30 pm headed northwards for Seattle where it was due to land at 9.30pm. It eventually landed in Portland two and a half hours . later following the captain's black out. A number of passengers were swapped . onto other flights to Seattle, while the rest took a flight scheduled to . land in the city at 1:15 am on Friday, according to NBC News. All of the airline's pilots are trained to fly single-handedly, ABC reports.
highlights: Plane makes emergency landing in Oregon after pilot loses consciousness . He is treated by doctor on board while co-pilot lands the jet safely . Second time an Alaska Airlines pilot has fainted in the cockpit this year .
id: fabf561f549f0a2fc072ffa8a28ef66ccf7989df
chatgpt: An Alaska Airlines flight headed for Seattle made an emergency landing in Portland, Oregon after the pilot lost consciousness mid-flight. Fortunately, the co-pilot was able to take control of the plane and safely land it with the assistance of a doctor who happened to be on board. The incident occurred on Monday afternoon while Flight 132 was cruising at an altitude of 37,000 feet. The pilot, whose name has not yet been released, suddenly fell unconscious and was slumped over in the cockpit. This forced the co-pilot to declare an emergency and descend rapidly to 9,000 feet in order to stabilize the plane. According to eyewitnesses on board the flight, the doctor who happened to be traveling as a passenger sprang into action when he realized what was happening. He quickly tended to the pilot, who regained consciousness shortly after, before handing over to flight attendants. The co-pilot, who has also not been identified, was able to land the plane safely, and it taxied to a stop on the tarmac where emergency services were already waiting. The pilot was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment and has since been released, but Alaska Airlines has not provided any details about his condition. This is the second time this year that an Alaska Airlines pilot has fainted in the cockpit. In January, another pilot on that airline's flight 60 from Los Angeles to Seattle also lost consciousness while at the controls. Fortunately, in that instance, the co-pilot was able to take over until the plane was safely on the ground. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) requires pilots to undergo rigorous medical examinations to ensure that they are physically and mentally fit to fly. Pilots are also required to disclose any medical conditions, and the FAA can revoke a pilot's license if they are deemed unfit to fly. While incidents like these are rare, they do underscore the importance of safety protocols and the need for well-trained and competent crew members. Alaska Airlines has said that it is conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and will release more details as they become available. In the meantime, passengers on Flight 132 have praised the doctor and the co-pilot for their quick actions and bravery in ensuring their safety. Alaska Airlines has also reached out to the passengers to apologize for the inconvenience and offer refunds or travel credit as compensation.