article: The Christian leaders of a troop of Girl Guides are defying orders from their national HQ to scrap the old promise to ‘love my God’. A controversial decision was made in June to abandon allegiance to God, with the traditional pledge replaced with the words ‘be true to myself and develop my beliefs’. The new promise comes into effect from September 1. But last night it was revealed that a group of ‘rogue’ Girl Guide leaders have vowed that they will stick with the old promise and defy the line set by Girlguiding UK, the national body. The move has split the group – an atheist Girl Guide leader who recently joined has enlisted an atheist pressure group to fight on her behalf to adopt the new pledge. A decision was made in June to replace the allegiance to God with the words 'be true to myself and develop my beliefs' (file picture) Hazel Mitford, who runs the Guide troop, Brownie leader Jayne Morrison and Alison Ellison, who runs the Rainbows for younger girls, insisted the group, St Paul’s Girl Guides in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, should keep ‘God at its core’. In a letter to a local newspaper, they write: ‘The spiritual aspect is recognised in girlguiding and “God” has been part of the promise since it was founded. ‘You would not join the Lawn Tennis Association and insist they had to make provision for all other sports. Girlguiding has God at its core and anyone who has issue with this is free to start their own organisation.’ Jem Henderson, 28, joined her local Girl Guide troop as a volunteer leader in June after hearing about the secular promise. A mention of vowing to love or serve God has been included in the Promise since the Guides began in 1910. This picture shows a hail for the Queen from some of the 4,000 Girl Guides at the World Guide Camp in Windsor Great Park in August 1957 . She said: ‘The leader’s insistence on keeping the old promise excludes me and any atheist girls from the troop, or asks us to lie when making the promise, something that surely goes against the Guiding principles.’ The National Secular Society is taking action on her behalf, and has written to Girlguiding UK seeking clarification that all units will be required to use the new promise. A mention of vowing to love or serve God has been included in the Promise since the Guides began in 1910. Originally, new members were asked to ‘do my duty to God’, and this was changed to ‘love my God’ in 1994.
highlights: Decision made in June to abandon the old promise to 'love my God' But 'rogue' Girl Guide leaders have vowed they will stick with allegiance . Vow to love or serve God has been included in Promise since group began .
id: 2b9c5905e6a476f0fc81eede9cde35956b6fcf1d
chatgpt: In a surprising move, the Girl Guides Association of the United Kingdom announced in June that it would no longer require its members to promise to "love my God." The decision was met with mixed reactions, with some applauding the organization for modernizing and becoming more inclusive, while others accused it of abandoning its core values. However, it seems that not all Girl Guide leaders are on board with the new policy. According to reports, there are "rogue" leaders who have vowed to stick with the traditional promise that includes a commitment to love or serve God.  The vow to love or serve God has been a part of the Girl Guides Promise since the organization's inception over a century ago. It was seen as an important part of the group's ethos, which places a strong emphasis on helping girls develop spiritually as well as mentally and physically.  But the decision to drop the requirement was made in response to changing attitudes in society. Many people no longer adhere to a particular religious faith, and the organization wanted to be more welcoming to girls of all backgrounds and beliefs. The move was not without controversy, however. Some members of the organization felt that it was a betrayal of their faith and an attempt to water down their religious beliefs. Some even threatened to leave the organization over the decision. Despite this backlash, the Girl Guides Association has stood firm on its decision. It has emphasized that the new Promise is still rooted in the principles of the organization, which include respecting oneself and others, developing life skills, and making a positive difference in the world. But the issue has not gone away, as evidenced by the stance taken by these "rogue" leaders. It remains to be seen how much support they have within the organization, and whether they will be able to convince others to follow their lead. Some experts suggest that this divide in the Girl Guides Association reflects a larger cultural clash between traditional religious values and a more secular, liberal worldview. As society becomes more diverse and more accepting of different beliefs, there will inevitably be clashes between those who want to maintain traditional values and those who want to embrace change. For the moment, the Girl Guides Association is standing firm on its decision to drop the requirement to "love my God." But the fact that some leaders are openly defying the change shows that this debate is far from over.