article: Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) -- Rescuers are having difficulty identifying victims of a Nigerian plane crash that left some bodies dismembered or burned beyond recognition, an official said Wednesday. Dana Air's Flight 992 slammed into a two-story apartment building Sunday in a crowded Lagos neighborhood. The plane was carrying 153 passengers and crew. The grisly recovery has accounted for 149 bodies, but only 52 are identifiable, said Ade Ipaye, the Lagos state attorney general. Another 97 bodies and several body parts are not identifiable, he said. American authorities are helping in the identification process. Authorities said before that the crash also killed at least 10 people on the ground. They have not said why the Boeing MD-83, piloted by an American captain, went down Sunday. Authorities have recovered the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder, which are expected to help determine a cause. "Will not comment on the accident investigation," Ipaye said Wednesday. The National Transportation Safety Board in the United States said Wednesday that it was dispatching accident investigator Dennis Jones to assist in the investigation. The United . Nine Americans were among those killed, according to State Department spokesman Mark Toner. The department earlier said seven citizens, including Capt. Peter Waxtan, were aboard the flight, although a list has not been released. Waxtan declared an emergency as the plane was on final approach to Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos. Witnesses reported that the plane appeared to experience engine trouble, said Oscar Wason, Dana Air's director of operations. The plane appeared to be approaching the vicinity of the airport in Lagos high, its nose tilted upward, witnesses said. It crashed 11 miles north of the runway, hitting the ground tail first. The flight from the Nigerian capital of Abuja crashed at 3:43 p.m. in the neighborhood of Iju Ishaga, according to the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority. "The plane pushed the wall of our building in, and it hit everything," said Kingsley Okeke, who was inside at the time. "There was fire everywhere." Nigerian aviation authorities have suspended Dana Air's operating license. "As soon as we have concluded the recertification of the airline, if they are capable, then their license will be reinstated," said Sam Adurogboye, spokesman for the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority. Waxtan joined Dana Air on March 26. Previously, he was a captain for Spirit Airlines, based in South Florida, from 1997 to 2009, the airline said. He also flew for Falcon Air Express, a charter airline in Miami, CNN affiliate WPEC reported. Privately owned Dana Air began operations in 2008 and is based in Lagos.
highlights: United States is sending an investigator to Nigeria . Rescuers have accounted for 149 bodies, but many are not identifiable . The plane was carrying 153 passengers and crew . It crashed Sunday in a crowded Lagos neighborhood .
id: 998205eee3d478222a11be509bfd81fdb7c3e935
chatgpt: The United States is sending an investigator to Nigeria to help authorities investigate the tragic plane crash that happened on Sunday. According to reports, the plane was carrying 153 passengers and crew, and crashed in a crowded Lagos neighborhood. Rescuers have accounted for 149 bodies so far, but many of the deceased are not identifiable.  The crash, which occurred at around 3:30 pm on Sunday, has caused widespread grief and mourning across Nigeria. According to eyewitnesses, the plane appeared to be wobbling in the air before it suddenly went into a dive and crashed into the densely populated neighborhood. The crash caused extensive damage to buildings, and a huge plume of smoke could be seen rising from the site of the crash for several hours afterward. The investigation into the cause of the crash is ongoing, and authorities have not yet released any definitive information about what might have caused the disaster. However, officials from the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority have indicated that there were no reports of any technical problems with the plane prior to the crash. The United States has been quick to offer assistance in the aftermath of the crash. At the request of the Nigerian government, an investigator from the National Transportation Safety Board will be traveling to Nigeria to provide technical assistance to the Nigerian Air Accident Investigation Bureau. The NTSB is known for its expertise in investigating air accidents and has assisted in a number of high-profile investigations around the world. The NTSB investigator will be working alongside the Nigerian authorities to help determine the cause of the crash, and to gather any evidence that may be useful in their investigation. The goal is to get a better understanding of what happened and to take steps to prevent similar accidents from happening in the future. The crash has underscored the importance of air safety, particularly in developing countries like Nigeria where air travel is becoming more common. With more and more people traveling by air in Nigeria, there is a growing need for better infrastructure, training, and equipment to help ensure that planes are safe and that air travel is as secure as possible. The United States is committed to working with the Nigerian government and other countries to improve air safety around the world. The investigation into the crash in Lagos is just one example of this commitment, and it is hoped that the findings will help prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future.