article: In Spain, all talk is of Wednesday night's Copa del Rey clash where Atletico Madrid bravely defended for 84minutes before a dubious penalty decision allowed Lionel Messi to give Barcelona the upper hand heading into the second leg. The Argentinian phenomenon was once again seen vomiting on the pitch during the game, which has been a recurrent problem this season. According to Marca, the 27-year-old has undergone tests to determine the problem, which appears to be chronic sinusitis. Nonetheless, Messi is lauded by the likes of AS and Mundo Deportivo, although Madrid-friendly Marca leads with Diego Simeone's declaration that Atletico 'can come back'. Lionel Messi was seen vomiting on the pitch, a recurrent theme that's understood to be caused by sinusitis . The Barcelona forward scored a late winner to give his side an advantage in the Copa del Rey . Despite the recent power struggle between Messi and coach Luis Enrique, Barcelona have rediscovered their form in recent weeks - something that has not gone unnoticed by Simeone. 'Barcelona have improved a great deal in these last two games,' he told a news conference. 'Above all in putting on the pressure in the opponents' half,' added the former Argentina captain. 'It was their strength that they did not allow us to bring the ball out.' Elsewhere in La Liga, Real Madrid continue to attract the world's most sought after players both for the present and the future. Spanish press was focused on the Copa del Rey clash while Lucas Silva is close to joning Real Madrid . A deal for Brazilian midfielder and Arsenal target Lucas Silva is reportedly close while Norwegian teenage sensation Martin Odegaard is set to be unveiled at Valdebebas where he has been tagged 'Little Galactico'. Meanwhile, cup competitions also dominated the news in Italy where Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan reached the quarter-finals with a 2-0 victory over Sampdoria. Arsenal loan signing Lukas Podolski scored along with fellow new arrival Xherdan Shaqiri - while Fiorentina defeated Atalanta 3-1 in Wednesday night's other game, which included a goal from Chelsea target Juan Cuadrado. Arsenal loanee Lukas Podolski (right) scored during Inter Milan's 2-0 cup victory over Sampdoria . Chelsea target Juan Cuadrado also found the net as Fiorentina defeated Atalanta in the Copa Italia . Southampton striker Dani Osvaldo, who is currently on loan with Inter and has been linked with a move to QPR, is back in the bad books after going 'missing for several days without explanation' and has been duly suspended, according to La Gazetta dello Sport. Despite his problems, Corriere dello Sport claim that both AC Milan and Juventus are keen to take advantage of his situation to boost their strike forces. Juve have also been linked with a move for Sassuolo striker Simone Zaza, although the struggling Serie A side want to be assured of safety before agreeing a deal, sayTuttosport. Southampton's bad boy striker Dani Osvaldo is wanted by Milan while Juve chase Simone Zaza .
highlights: Barcelona defeated Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Copa del Rey quarter-final . Lionel Messi scored the winner but was seen vomiting on pitch again . Real Madrid are set to unveil 'Little Galactico' Martin Odegaard . Los Blancos are also close to landing Arsenal target Lucas Silva . Dani Osvaldo has been suspended by Inter but is still wanted by AC Milan .
id: ded41ccb79d50b07bfebaf4902fd876415572989
chatgpt: Barcelona secured a hard-fought 1-0 win over Atletico Madrid to progress to the Copa del Rey semi-finals. Lionel Messi struck the only goal of the game, but not before a moment of concern for the Argentine forward. Messi was seen vomiting on the pitch during the first half of the game. This is not the first time the Barcelona superstar has experienced such a problem, having endured similar scenes during the World Cup in 2014. Despite this, Messi battled on and scored the crucial goal that sealed victory for his side. Real Madrid, meanwhile, are set to unveil their latest young sensation, Martin Odegaard. The Norwegian teenager has been dubbed the 'Little Galactico', and his arrival at the Bernabeu is expected to cause a stir. Odegaard has been training with the Real Madrid Castilla squad in recent weeks after signing for the club last month, and he is set to be presented to the media soon. Los Blancos are also closing in on the signing of Lucas Silva, who has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent weeks. The Brazilian midfielder has impressed for Cruzeiro in his homeland, and he could provide Real Madrid with some much-needed steel in the centre of the park. Silva's arrival would also serve to ease the pressure on midfield stalwart Luka Modric, who has been heavily relied upon by Real Madrid in recent seasons. AC Milan, meanwhile, are said to be interested in signing Inter's Dani Osvaldo, despite the striker's current suspension. Osvaldo, who is on loan at Inter from Southampton, has been banned for three games following an altercation with teammate Mauro Icardi. However, that has not deterred Milan, who are in need of some additional firepower. While Barcelona remain in the hunt for a treble this season, Real Madrid are looking to regain the La Liga crown they lost to Atletico Madrid last season. The signings of Odegaard and Silva would certainly help their cause, while the return to form of Cristiano Ronaldo will also be crucial in the coming months. Barcelona, meanwhile, will be hoping their star man Messi can maintain his current level of form. The 27-year-old has scored 28 goals in just 25 appearances this season, and he will be looking to continue that impressive run as Barcelona aim to lift the Copa del Rey, La Liga, and the Champions League. It promises to be a thrilling second half of the season in Spain, with Barcelona and Real Madrid set to do battle for domestic and European glory. As for Atletico Madrid, they will have to settle for challenging for silverware in the Europa League this season. Nevertheless, Diego Simeone's men will still be a formidable opponent for any side they come up against, as they look to build on the success of last season's La Liga triumph.