article: London, England (CNN) -- A letter written by Adolf Hitler in 1931 hoping for a "truly cordial relationship" between Britain and Germany goes on sale Tuesday and is estimated to fetch up to £12,000 at auction. The one-page letter was addressed to Sefton Delmer, a British journalist, in which Hitler expressed hopes of a new friendship between the two countries to replace the "unhappy war-psychosis" that existed after the First World War: . Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933. In the letter he said: "I hope... that out of this crisis a new readiness will grow up in Britain to submit the past twelve years to a reappraisal. I should be happy, if as a result of this the unhappy war-psychosis could be overcome on such a scale as to permit the realization of the truly cordial relationship between the British and the German peoples so eagerly desired by myself and my movement. "For I believe that the crisis now breaking in on us can only be solved by the closest political collaboration of those nations who see in the re-establishment of a natural European balance of power the first precondition to dealing with those great world problems under which Britain too suffers today." Andrew Roberts, the British military and political historian, said the letter was a classic example of Hitler trying to lull Western democracies into a state of appeasement. Roberts said Hitler was saying there were underlying interests between Britain and Germany and that he wrote many such letters. "He refers to 12 years which would make it 1919, the year the Versailles Treaty was signed... appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war. Sefton Delmer would not have been taken in by any of this," said Roberts. Auctioneers at Bonhams in London said the letter has remained in Delmer's family until now but they could not release the name of the person selling it. Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter. He was born in Berlin and spent the first 15 years of his life there before his family were expatriated to the UK. He is reported to be the first British journalist to interview Hitler, who he later described as a rather ordinary looking man with hair that had been arranged too carefully.
highlights: Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933 . Andrew Roberts: "Appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war." Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express .
id: 204837ee95190fcaf277ccdac70ff11b0848b29f
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, a letter written by German dictator Adolf Hitler 16 months before he became the chancellor of Germany has surfaced. The contents of the letter reveal Hitler's intention to advocate for appeasement policies until the outbreak of war. According to historian Andrew Roberts, appeasement was the central message in Hitler's letter, which was written in 1931. The letter has garnered immense attention from scholars and experts who are analyzing the impact of Hitler's views on foreign policy in the years leading up to World War II. Hitler's letter was addressed to the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express, Sefton Delmer. Delmer was one of the few foreign correspondents who had direct access to Hitler and the Nazi Party during their rise to power in Germany. He later became a prominent British propaganda broadcaster during the war. The letter not only sheds light on Hitler's ideas about appeasement but also highlights the importance of the media in shaping public opinion. Hitler recognized the power of the press and used it to his advantage to spread his anti-Semitic and nationalist ideologies. In the letter, Hitler wrote, "Appeasement is the only way to prevent war. It is better to compromise and avoid conflict than to engage in aggressive posturing." These words were music to the ears of Delmer and other foreign correspondents, who saw the rise of the Nazi Party as a potential threat to European peace and stability. Hitler's views on appeasement were not new, but they gained prominence after he became the chancellor of Germany in 1933. The Nazis' aggressive foreign policy and territorial ambitions eventually led to the outbreak of World War II. The letter has added to the ongoing debate about the role of appeasement policies in the lead-up to the war. Some historians argue that appeasement emboldened Hitler and allowed him to pursue his expansionist agenda unchecked. Others point out that Europe was not ready for another war and that appeasement was a pragmatic approach to prevent conflict. Whatever the interpretation of Hitler's letter may be, it remains a fascinating insight into the mind of one of the most notorious leaders in history. The letter is a stark reminder of the dangers of appeasement and the importance of vigilance in the face of rising authoritarianism.