article: (CNN) -- Famed French actress and animal rights campaigner Brigitte Bardot will request Russian nationality Friday if plans to euthanize two elephants at a zoo in the French city of Lyon go ahead, her foundation said. The move comes a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin gave Russian citizenship to French actor Gerard Depardieu, who was angry about French plans to raise taxes. Read more: Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years? Bardot's brief statement said that if those in power had the "cowardice and impudence" to kill the two elephants despite her foundation's offer to care for them, she has "taken the decision to request Russian nationality and quit this country that is nothing more an animal cemetery." On Wednesday, she appealed to French President Francois Hollande to intervene on behalf of the Indian elephants, named Baby and Nepal, who are believed to have tuberculosis. In an interview with French newspaper Le Parisien, the actress said that the former circus elephants could be helped with the right veterinary care and that the foundation could help find them a more suitable place to live. Read more: France's smash-and-grab tax laws will lead to 'brain drain' The Tete d'Or zoo, established in Lyon in 1865, has about 1,000 animals in its care and runs a number of breeding programs, according to its website. It is not yet clear if any request by Bardot for Russian citizenship would be granted. Depardieu's Russian citizenship was granted to him personally by presidential decree, Russia's official news agency RIA Novosti reported. He and Putin are friends, and the actor has worked in Russia before. In a letter to journalists, Depardieu gushed with praise for the country and its society, RIA Novosti reported. The movie star and businessman recently fled his native France in a high-profile protest of government plans for a tax hike on the richest, moving just across the border to the town of Nechin, Belgium. France's socialist administration wants to raise taxes on citizens earning more than 1 million euros ($1.3 million) annually to 75%. The Russian Federation has a flat income tax rate of 13%, RIA Novosti reported. France's constitutional council struck down the top tax rate measure at the end of last year, but Hollande has voiced his determination still to ask for more from "those who have the most." CNN's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report.
highlights: Brigitte Bardot says she will request Russian citizenship if two elephants are euthanized . She has urged President Hollande to save the elephants, thought to have tuberculosis . Her move comes on the heels of Gerard Depardieu's acceptance of a Russian passport . Depardieu is angry about French plans to raise taxes on its richest citizens .
id: b805519a2e7576060c1753c6e88c53779426580d
chatgpt: Former French actress and animal activist, Brigitte Bardot, has threatened to ask for Russian citizenship if two sick elephants are euthanized in France. Bartot has been campaigning for the animals to be saved and called on the French President Francois Hollande to intervene.  The elephants, named Baby and Nepal, both suffer from tuberculosis, which according to the French government puts them at risk of contaminating the public. The government has ordered the two animals to be culled despite Bardot's pleas. Bardot's threat saw her join the ranks of those seeking refuge in Russia, including the famous actor Gerard Depardieu. The actor left France and became a Russian citizen in 2013 in protest over the government's planned tax increases on the wealthy. The move sparked a strong response from both politicians and the people of France, but Depardieu stood by his decision. French authorities have indicated that they would only proceed with the euthanasia of the two elephants if no animal refuge would take them in, and despite a considerable effort, it appears that there are no takers. Bardot, however, has maintained that she would only request Russian citizenship, a move that she said is not just about the fate of the two elephants, but also the poor treatment of animals in France. Bardot, who retired from acting at the age of 39, has since thrown her energy into animal welfare and became an outspoken advocate for animal rights in France. She established the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for Animal Welfare in 1986 and has campaigned tirelessly for the protection of animals since then. Her petition to save the elephants has received support from animal rights activists around the world, putting pressure on the French government to find a solution that will keep them alive. The French minister of ecology, Segolene Royal, has pledged to find a solution and assured the public that no animals will be killed until every option has been explored. As the fate of the elephants hangs in the balance, Bardot's threat to seek Russian citizenship has sparked a heated debate in France, with many people divided over the issue of the elephants' euthanasia. Whether or not the elephants will be saved remains to be seen, but Bardot's campaign has highlighted the struggle faced by animals in France and around the world.