article: The mother of a two-year-old girl suffering from leukemia has been left devastated after photos of her cancer stricken daughter were stolen and used on a fake account. Melissa Clifton from Portland, Oregon, set up a Facebook page for her daughter Addy following the youngster's diagnosis in 2014 to keep loved ones updated about her progress. However she was horrified when she learned the pictures were copied by a stranger and used on Facebook and Instagram accounts set up under a false name - Cooper. Treatment: Melissa Clifton set up a Facebook page for her daughter Addy (pictured) following the youngster's leukemia diagnosis in 2014 to keep loved ones updated about her progress. She later found out some of the pictures had been stolen and used on social media under a different name . Fake: The Instagram handle, @hopeforcooper (right), had more than 340 followers, and featured 38 photos of little Addy Cliffton, including one of her dressed as Elsa from Disney's Frozen. It has now been taken down . According to ABC a child cancer advocate who was a member of Addy's Facebook group found the images and immediately alerted the family. The Instagram handle, @hopeforcooper, had over 340 followers, and featured 38 photos of Addy. Last week the Cliffords learned that the account had been removed from the site. One person under the  name @sophiabenge_ claimed that 'Cooper' was her cousin when she uploaded the picture. Many users commenting on the photo suggested the profile was fake. The account however is still active. Following the discovery, the Cliffords kept searching the internet for other evidence, but couldn't find any. They also found no crowdfunding sites using Addy's images, suggesting they had not been used to generate financial benefits. She told the station: 'I share pictures on there because I have family members and friends that live across the nation that want to follow Addy’s story. 'In the group there’s pictures of her in the bathtub at the hospital, visitations, her dressing up as Elsa from Frozen – pretty much doing normal, everyday things. 'They were our pictures, but someone had taken them and made a whole new story with them. I felt violated. 'That’s my child. It’s not only wrong to pretend someone else’s kid is your own, but you’re claiming to go through something that's not even true.' The station contacted Instagram for a comment but they did not respond. Anger: Mrs Cliffords (pictured right) said she felt violated after she discovered the pictures of her daughter had been used on fake Facebook and Instagram accounts . Stolen: One person under the account name @sophiabenge_ claimed that 'Cooper' was her cousin when she uploaded this picture . Progress: Addy Cliffton has been fighting Leukemia at Dornbecher Children’s Hospital since August .
highlights: Melissa Clifton set up a Facebook page for her daughter Addy in August . Was so loved ones who live around the country could track her story . Included images of her during hospital visits and dressing up . A group member then found pictures on Facebook and Instagram accounts . Had uploaded the images under the name Copper and copied the story . One of the pictures stolen was Addy dressed as Elsa from Disney's Frozen .
id: 09b7e506802fe6fa4a12154e322dddbc34553f9c
chatgpt: Melissa Clifton, a mother from Nebraska, created a Facebook page for her daughter, Addy, in August. The page was intended to allow friends and family from around the country to track Addy's story, following the events surrounding her recent medical treatments.  Melissa filled the Facebook page with images of Addy, many of which were taken during her hospital visits. Other images showed Addy dressed up in various costumes, including one stunning photograph of the young girl dressed as Elsa from Disney's beloved film, Frozen.  However, not everyone on Facebook had good intentions towards Melissa and her daughter. One day, a group member alerted Melissa to a sinister discovery - pictures of Addy had been found on other Facebook and Instagram accounts, uploaded under a different name: Copper. The thief had stolen Addy's images and even copied the story Melissa had written, misrepresenting them as their own.  Melissa was heartbroken by this revelation, as Addy's page was set up with good intentions and for a very personal reason. She was not seeking attention or validation, but simply wanted to keep her friends and family informed of Addy's journey. She felt violated by the theft of her daughter's images and distressed that a stranger had taken something so personal and private.  The discovery of the stolen images has had a ripple effect throughout the Facebook community. Melissa's personal story resonated with many other users who have experienced similar violations of their online privacy. The incident has reignited a conversation about how to protect personal social media accounts, and highlighted the importance of being vigilant in protecting ourselves and our children online.  For Melissa, the theft of her daughter's image was a painful reminder of how vulnerable we all are when sharing our lives on social media. She feels that her trust has been violated, but she refuses to let the incident deter her from her efforts to keep her family and friends updated on Addy's progress.  It is an unfortunate reality of the online world that not everyone can be trusted, and this is certainly not the first instance of stolen images and identities on social media. As we continue to use these platforms to share our stories, it is important that we take extra precautions to protect our privacy, both personal and that of our loved ones.  Melissa and Addy's experience is a lesson for all of us, a reminder that the good intentions of a few can be overshadowed by the deceitful actions of others. The online world can be a treacherous place, but with proper precautions and vigilance, we can keep our stories and our loved ones safe.