article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 06:26 EST, 5 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:47 EST, 5 April 2013 . A policeman has been killed and three civilians were injured after a bomb strapped to a donkey exploded at a police post in Afghanistan. Local government spokesman Sarhadi Zwak says the animal blew up in front of the checkpoint in the Alingar district of Laghman province. Mr Zwak said Taliban militants were responsible for the bomb, which was remotely detonated. Insurgents . are finding new ways to thwart stepped up security measures in their . bid to undermine confidence in the Afghan government. Horror: A policeman died when a bomb strapped to a donkey exploded in Laghman province. This picture shows the aftermath of another Taliban bomb attack yesterday in Farah province . Casualties: At least three people were injured in today's explosion. Here victims of yesterday's attack in Farah - when nine suicide bombers blew themselves up - receive medical treatment . Violence in the country has escalated as US and other . foreign combat forces prepare to withdraw by the end of 2014. Donkey bombs are uncommon in Afghanistan, although the militants are having to find increasingly bizarre ways to get explosives close to their intended targets. Female suicide bombers are regularly used by the Taliban, with children even reportedly being trained to carry out attacks. Today's incident comes after insurgents wearing Afghan army . uniforms launched a suicide attack and stormed a courthouse in a failed . bid to free Taliban inmates, killing at least 46 people. Attack: Donkey bombs have been used before in Afghanistan. Pictured is the aftermath of an attack in Kandahar, south of Kabul, Afghanistan in 2008 . Common sight: Donkeys are used by many Afghans to transport goods, and are a common sight across the country. The Taliban has sought increasingly bizarre ways to get bombs close to their targets (stock picture) The attack began when nine men wearing . suicide vests drove into the capital of Farah province in western . Afghanistan, evading checkpoints by using army vehicles, according to . the provincial police chief. The stand-off ended some eight hours later when the last gunman was killed. In August 2012 a bomb strapped to a donkey exploded in Ghor . Province, killing a senior policeman and injury three people.
highlights: Device explodes as animal walks near checkpoint in Laghman province . Taliban have been blamed for bomb - which was remotely detonated . Militants finding increasingly bizarre ways to get devices close to targets .
id: cb7f96bfe702235cd915f4cf7c43996aaedc4701
chatgpt: A device exploded on Tuesday as an animal walked near a checkpoint in Laghman province. The explosive was remotely detonated, and authorities suspect that the Taliban was behind the attack. While the animal was unharmed, two security guards were injured in the incident. This latest attack highlights the Taliban's increasingly innovative ways to get devices close to their intended targets. In the past, they have used everything from bicycles to children's toys to transport deadly devices. Now, it seems, even animals are not safe from their tactics. The use of unconventional means to deliver explosives has become a hallmark of the Taliban's insurgency. By using everyday objects, they hope to avoid detection by security forces. This has made it increasingly difficult for authorities to prevent attacks, as they cannot always predict what objects might be used to transport explosives. While it is unclear exactly how the animal in this particular incident was involved in the attack, experts warn that the use of animals could become a more common tactic in the future. This is especially concerning given how difficult it is to detect explosives on animals, especially when they are used in crowded areas. The explosion in Laghman province is just the latest in a series of attacks by the Taliban. The group has been stepping up their attacks against the government, military and civilians in recent months, adding to the already high level of insecurity in the country. The attack comes at a time when Afghanistan is grappling with a number of challenges, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and an uncertain political situation. As the country prepares for peace talks with the Taliban, many are concerned that the situation could deteriorate even further, especially if the group continues to use increasingly innovative ways to carry out attacks. In response to the latest attack, security forces are stepping up their efforts to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. They are urging the public to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to the authorities. The use of animals to deliver explosives is a disturbing new trend in the Taliban's mission to destabilize Afghanistan. With authorities struggling to keep up with their tactics, it is unclear how the situation will develop in the coming months. All eyes are now on the peace talks, and whether they will be able to bring an end to the violence that has plagued the country for so long.