article: Atlanta (CNN) -- A number of states, including Georgia, already are putting things in place to opt out of the controversial No Child Left Behind Law, following President Barrack Obama's announcement Friday that states can now apply for waivers. The law, passed in 2001, requires, among other things, that public schools meet targets designed to make all students proficient in math and reading by 2014 or face penalties. The administration will begin reviewing applications to waive some of the demands the law places on states, Obama said Friday. Top education officials in Georgia said Friday that it should be up to each individual state to decide how best to evaluate student performance in the classroom. Following the president's announcement, Georgia State School Superintendent Dr. John Barge described his state's alternative to closing the achievement gap. The College and Career Ready Performance Index, "lets states determine how they approach the guiding principles," Barge said Friday. Georgia is one of a handful of states, including Kentucky, Delaware, and Wisconsin that have expressed interest in waivers seeking flexibility from No Child Left Behind (NCLB). Barge and U.S. Senator Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) personally delivered Georgia's request for a waiver to U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan Tuesday. Barge said the waiver will give schools more flexibility. "It will not be a matter of the entire accountability label hinging on a single test," he said. Under the administration's new guidelines, states will be encouraged to devise standards of accountability that do not treat all schools the same. "The purpose is not to give states and districts a reprieve from accountability, but rather to unleash energy to improve our schools at the local level," Obama said in a statement. In order to gain approval for waivers, states must present the U.S. Department of Education with credible alternative plans to measure performance. Georgia's proposal focuses on several indicators to measure student performance, including reading, language arts, math, science, and social studies, offering an index that will vary based on grade level. "With NCLB, science and social studies teachers were not measured to determine adequate yearly progress," Georgia Department of Education Communications Director Matt Cardoza said. "Many times, those teachers would feel their subjects were not as important. Now, there are multiple indicators, including science and social studies." States that do not apply for waivers will still be expected to meet the guidelines set out by No Child Left Behind. States may submit official applications for waivers by mid-November. Waivers could be granted in early 2010. CNN's Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .
highlights: President Obama announces state waivers to No Child Left Behind . Georgia is among a number of states seeking a waiver . Georgia lays out its alternative plan to measure achievement .
id: 7c936a793c433d0fc2a7eeef4036eb9439b76b18
chatgpt: In a speech yesterday, President Barack Obama announced that his administration would be granting waivers to states to opt out of provisions of the controversial No Child Left Behind Act. This decision comes in the wake of a dearth of progress in education over the past decade according to several reports, leaving the nation's K-12 system in crisis.  The move, which is designed to give states more flexibility and control over how they evaluate student performance, has been long-awaited by many educators and politicians. Georgia is one of the several states seeking a waiver under the new program.  "We are proud to be able to offer states the chance to create their own accountability systems of higher quality and depth, which truly reflect the needs of their students," said Obama in a prepared statement. "This is a major step forward in our ongoing efforts to improve our education system and ensure that every child gets the education they deserve." Under No Child Left Behind, schools were required to meet certain performance benchmarks or risk sanctions, including loss of funding. However, many argue the law has been ineffective and has placed too much pressure on educators by relying solely on standardized test scores to determine a school's success.  Georgia's alternative plan includes a shift toward more emphasis on student growth and achievement. Their plan includes multiple criteria that will be used to evaluate their performance, in addition to standardized tests. The criteria includes things such as school climate, influx/outflux of students, understanding of individual student's learning gaps, and teacher effectiveness. "We believe that our plan will not only help our schools, but also give the parents and the community at large more transparency into how and why our schools are functioning the way they are," said Georgia's Education Commissioner. "Our plan has been developed based on the input of educators, parents, students, and other stakeholders across the state." While the announcement of the state waivers has been largely welcomed by many, some critics argue that it simply creates a "race to the bottom" in terms of academic standards. They claim that the waiver program, like No Child Left Behind, will inevitably lead to states lowering their standards in order to avoid penalties. Regardless of the criticisms, many educators and parents believe the new program could serve as a significant step forward in improving the nation's education system. With the state's plan currently under review, it remains to be seen how many of the states that applied for the waiver will receive it, however, the decision has been well received by people and is considered a much-needed change in the education system.