article: New York (CNN) -- Two African runners won the 2010 New York City Marathon Sunday, marathon officials announced. Runners Edna Kiplagat, from Kenya, and Gebre Gebremarian, of Ethiopia were the first female and male finishers to cover the 26.2-mile course that cuts through New York City's five boroughs. Having just won first prize in the 2010 Los Angeles marathon, Kiplagat was the first woman to finish the race coming first in 2 hours and 28 minutes. Gebremarian, the fastest man in the race, crossed the finish line in 2 hours and 8 minutes. Much of the celebrity limelight in the usually star-studded race was focused on a man whose fame derived from his sprints inside the gloomy pit of a Chilean mine. Chilean miner Edison Pena -- one of 33 miners trapped underground for more than two months before they were rescued -- completed the New York Marathon Sunday, taking five hours and 40 minutes to cover the 26.2-mile course. Pena, otherwise known as "the runner" by fellow miners who spent 69 days trapped with him in a gold and copper mine, set out to cover the course along with thousands of other runners.. During a press conference after the race, Pena said running the marathon was a way to cope with the trauma of being trapped and fearing for his life. "What I did today was also a symbol of bravery and a struggle against myself against the pain that I have been feeling. This I want to make very clear," he said. With appearances on David Letterman, where he showed his devotion for Elvis Presley amid applause, Pena attracted attention from nearly every press outlet and every street fan who held signs while he ran the marathon. "The experience was wonderful," said Pena. "I am not from this country but I kept seeing signs that said 'Go Edison'...and people would say 'Let's go Pena'...the warmth of the north American people is amazing," said Pena. Pena -- a triathlete -- was invited by the NYC Marathon after stories spread about his daily runs in the mine to keep himself fit. "When I ran, I thought I was going to beat destiny," he said. "I told the mine, 'I'm gonna outrun you. I'm gonna run till you're tired and bored of me.'" The 12th miner to be rescued, he also became known for singing Elvis songs during his confinement. Star-gazing part of the experience of watching some 45,000 runners in the marathon. Actress Katie Holmes, rapper entrepreneur P-Diddy, rocker Alanis Morissette, former Gov. Mike Huckabee and TV chef Bobby Flay have all competed in the marathon. The NYC Marathon is one of the most popualr marathons in the world, drawing more than 100,000 applicants annually.
highlights: Gebre Gebremarian of Ethiopia won the men's category in the 2010 NYC marathon . Edna Kiplagat, from Kenya, won the women's race . But a Chilean miner proved to be one of the main attractions of the race . Edison Pena ran daily during his captivity in the mine .
id: 07729d070cdec7716ee7ba62f8dbf93531970248
chatgpt: Gebre Gebremarian of Ethiopia has triumphantly won the men's category in the 2010 New York City marathon. The 26.2-mile trek proved to be no match for Gebremarian, who finished the race in a time of 2 hours, 8 minutes, and 14 seconds. Meanwhile, Edna Kiplagat from Kenya also showcased her athletic prowess by winning the women's race. Kiplagat crossed the finish line in 2 hours, 28 minutes, and 20 seconds, securing her a hard-earned victory in the world-famous race. However, it was another participant who stole the hearts of millions around the world. Edison Pena, one of the Chilean miners who were trapped underground for 69 days earlier that same year, surprised everyone by running the marathon. Pena's story of survival and resilience quickly became the highlight of the event, as he jogged along with a Chilean flag draped over his shoulders and a broad smile on his face. Racing in his new running shoes gifted by Reebok, a sponsor for the rescue operations, Pena completed the marathon, proudly high-fiving the cheering spectators and crossing the finish line at a little over 5 hours. His remarkable display of determination and courage had inspired millions around the world, earning him the nickname of "The Runner Miner." Pena's story is like no other. While trapped underground with no guarantee of survival, he persevered by keeping his spirits up through daily exercise. He ran at least six miles every day, covering the same route he had taken back and forth to work for 34 years, listening to Elvis and reggaeton music with the headphones he brought down the mine. When he was rescued back on 13th October 2010, Pena was already an icon, having formed a close bond with the rescue crew sent into the depths of the mine to save him and his fellow miners. After nearly ten weeks underground, he emerged to a hero's welcome, embracing his wife and elected Chilean president Sebastian Pinera. Some were initially skeptical about Pena's decision to participate in the marathon, given that he had no prior experience running a full marathon. However, his time in the mine had given him something that few athletes could match- an unbreakable spirit and an impervious determination to overcome any obstacle. The 2010 New York City marathon will go down in history as a testament to the human spirit of perseverance, with Gebre Gebremarian and Edna Kiplagat winning their respective races, and Edison Pena capturing the hearts and minds of millions of people around the world. The triumph of the human spirit had been on full display, and Pena's story, in particular, had proven that nothing is truly impossible if one has the will and the drive to see it through.