article: A new poll of New Hampshire voters shows Mitt Romney with a commanding lead over his potential Republican presidential challengers. Romney was far and away Republican voters and right leaning independents' first choice in the all-important primary state in NH1's latest survey. Nearly a third of respondents said they'd support Romney, the former governor of neighboring state Massachusetts, if their state's primary, slated for February of 2016, were held now. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Still the one: A majority of Republican voters and right-leaning independents in New Hampshire would pick Mitt Romney all over again if he ran for president in 2016, as he's suggested he might . Romney indicated earlier this month that he may seek the Republican nomination again next year after repeatedly telling reporters throughout the fall that another presidential campaign was off the table. His about-face has turned the race upside down and could present a problem for former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who shares the same base of donors and campaign hands as establishment-backed Romney. The two men met yesterday in Utah, where Romney has a home, for a previously planned meeting. It's unclear from aides' description of the get together what, if any, agreement the former governors came to about the 2016 race. 'Governor Bush enjoyed visiting with Governor Romney today in Salt Lake,' Bush's spokeswoman Kristy Campbell told the New York Times, but wouldn't say more. 'Every interaction I’ve observed between them has been positive and friendly,' former Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt, a Romney ally, told the Times. I'm 'very confident it was a gentlemanly conversation.' If the both Romney and Bush proceed with presidential campaigns, their relationship will likely become a whole lot less 'gentlemanly.' To clinch the nomination, the like-minded politicians must be able to differentiate themselves for voters. Last time around: Jeb Bush (left) campaigned for Romney in 2012 but the two might go head-to-head in 2016 . So far Romney, with his high name ID left over from the last presidential contest, is winning the battle. Bush garnered less than half the support of Romney in the New Hampshire poll, taking just 11 percent of the vote. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker were tied at eight percent, coming in just ahead of retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Rand Paul, whom each attracted seven percent of likely primary voters. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee was the favorite of just five percent of respondents and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida were voters' last choices at four and three percent, respectively.
highlights: New Hampshire primary is 13 months away but former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has the upper hand . Nearly one-third of Republican voters there say they want him to be the GOP's presidential nominee again . Mitt has run twice already and faces a growing field of senators, governors and dark horses . He met yesterday in Utah with Jeb Bush, the other front-runner who has fundraisers and donors lining up to take his political pulse .
id: cf5b68be61436dea625f99ecaaf9875cc682f125
chatgpt: The New Hampshire primary may still be 13 months away, but former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney already has a leg up on the competition. According to recent polling, nearly one-third of Republican voters in the state say they want him to be the GOP's presidential nominee again. This is not the first time Romney has sought the presidency. He has run twice before, in 2008 and 2012, but was unsuccessful both times. However, this time he faces a growing field of senators, governors, and dark horses, all vying for the Republican nomination. Romney's popularity in New Hampshire could be due to his past successes in the state. In 2012, he won the New Hampshire primary with 39% of the vote, beating out his closest competitor by 16 points. He also won the state's primary in 2008, although he ultimately lost the nomination to Sen. John McCain. Recently, Romney met with another top contender, Jeb Bush, in Utah. Bush is also viewed as a front-runner in the race, with fundraisers and donors lining up to support him. While they both have similar backgrounds as former governors with establishment ties, they have different styles and approaches, which could make for an interesting competition. Despite the early polling numbers, Romney is not taking anything for granted. He has been fundraising and campaigning for months, and has even hired a team of experienced political operatives to help him navigate the primary process. One challenge Romney will face is appealing to the more conservative wing of the Republican Party, which has become increasingly influential in recent years. This could be a hurdle for Romney, who has been criticized in the past for his moderate views on issues such as healthcare and immigration. However, Romney is hoping to win over these voters by highlighting his record as a successful businessman and his commitment to conservative values, such as limited government and strong national defense. While the race for the Republican nomination is only just beginning, Romney has already established himself as a strong contender in one of the most important primary states. His popularity in New Hampshire, coupled with his experience and resources, make him a force to be reckoned with in the race for the presidency.