article: By . Alexandra Klausner . A lawyer from Oakland California faces legal issues of her own after being found guilty of failing to properly care for her 93 cats and her two dogs. Jan Van Dusen, 62, was found guilty on Thursday of letting her cats suffer from starvation, diarrhea, parasite infections and other diseases. Some of her many cats, a bunch of whom were once stray, had to be euthanized. Jan Van Dusen, 62, was found guilty on Thursday by of letting her 93 cats (not pictured) suffer from starvation, diarrhea, parasite infections and other diseases . Van Dusen will be sentenced on July 25 an could face up to three years in prison. SF Gate reports that Van Dusen's attorney Frank Often doesn’t believe his client should serve jail time. 'It's my belief that she should get probation,' said Offen. Van Dusen's felony conviction means she could serve time behind bars and that she could be suspended or disbarred from her job as a lawyer. When Oakland Animal Control officers went to Van Dusen's home in October 2011 they found 93 cats and two dogs in less than suitable conditions. 16 of the felines had to be put down because they suffered from incurable diseases and 77 other cats were treated by veterinarians at a shelter and were later put up for adoption. Animal Control euthanized 16 of the cats (not pictured) because they were ill and they put the 77 other cats up for adoption . 'Things were mostly under control,' she told SF Gate in 2012. 'They killed some of my favorites, which they had no right to do.' Van Dusen has said in the past that she is a great animal caretaker and that all her cats had been neutered and spayed. Van Dusen was known to take in stray and wild cats and later find homes for them. She socialized in cat enthusiast circles and was a popular member of several. She started collecting cats in the mid-1990s and worked with several animal non-profit groups. Back in 2011 Van Dusen actually found some success in the court room when she won a precedent setting case against the Internal Revenue Service, reported SF Gate. Van Dusen claimed that her cat rescue dollars were a donation to an IRS approved charity and that they should be deductible. Luckily for her that time, a Tax court judge was swayed.
highlights: Jan Van Dusen, 62, will be sentenced on July 25 and could face up to three years in prison . 16 of the felines had to be put down . because they suffered from incurable diseases . 77 other cats were . treated by veterinarians at a shelter and were later put up for adoption . 'They killed some of my favorites, which they had no right to do,' said Van Dusen .
id: 5ba20282ee1b3da85397417108742211fbe47f87
chatgpt: Jan Van Dusen, a 62-year-old resident of a small town in the United States, faces potential jail time after being found guilty of animal cruelty. Van Dusen was charged after authorities discovered that she had been hoarding a total of 93 cats in her small home. Sixteen of these cats were found to be suffering from various incurable diseases and were euthanized by veterinarians. The remaining 77 cats, however, were successfully treated and later put up for adoption. The case came to light after a neighbor reported a foul odor emanating from Van Dusen's property. Upon investigation, authorities discovered the overwhelming number of cats living in squalor inside her home. The cats were malnourished, living in unsanitary conditions, and many of them were suffering from various illnesses. Some of the cats were even found to be dead, their bodies lying amongst the living. Van Dusen, who has been described by neighbors as a recluse, showed no remorse for her actions throughout the trial. She instead complained about the loss of her "favorites," claiming that the veterinarians had no right to euthanize them. She insisted that she had been doing everything in her power to care for the cats, despite the evidence to the contrary. The case has sparked outrage among animal rights activists, who argue that this is just one example of the horrors of animal hoarding. They are calling for stronger laws to protect animals from such abuse and for harsher penalties for those found guilty of animal cruelty. The sentencing date has been set for July 25th, and Van Dusen faces up to three years in prison. In the meantime, the 77 cats that were rescued from her home have all found forever homes, thanks to the hard work and dedication of the local shelter and volunteers. As this case shows, animal hoarding is not only cruel and inhumane but also a serious problem that can have deadly consequences for the animals involved. It is important that we continue to raise awareness about this issue and work towards better safeguards for animals. Only then can we hope to prevent cases like this from happening again in the future.