article: By . Louise Cheer . A photographer captured a pair of unidentified objects apparently hovering near the flight path of a passenger jet as he took pictures of huge storm clouds gathering over Bondi Beach. Photographer Dan Toomey snapped photos of the two objects flying either side of a Virgin passenger jet while taking photos of angry skies off Sydney's coast . Mr Toomey believes they are unidentified flying objects or UFOs. Scroll down for video . Dan Toomey snapped photos of these unidentified flying objects in the sky over Bondi during a storm five years ago . 'When I was taking photos I saw nothing unusual other than a new storm,' he said. 'I uploaded the photos only minutes later on my laptop and I zoomed in and said "What is this"?' In the series of photographs, taken in 2009, a saucer-like and cigar-shaped object are seen flying either side of a Virgin Blue plane. Over the next few days, Mr Toomey tried to find out what the objects were, but was unsuccessful. 'I tried to experiment to determine whether or not any insects or birds could have produced similar results, which is impossible – I’ve consulted with other photographers,' he said. This photo is part of a series of about nine photos taken consecutively showing two objects flying near a Virgin Blue passenger plane . 'The photographs are authentic and they are objects that cannot be claimed. 'If you invert the photo to a negative, the plane appears white as a solid object and so do the other objects.' But this is not the first time Mr Toomey has spotted an unexplained object. He said he had seen them with his own eyes but had rarely captured them on film. 'It always pays to have a camera handy,' the 38-year-old said. Even though the photos were taken in 2009, Mr Toomey has been holding them close to his chest. In this negative image, the two objects (left and right) appear in white on either side of the plane (centre) indicating they are solid . But with the unexplained disappearance of the Malaysian Airlines flight, he felt it was time to share them. 'There’s a big a question mark next to that plane and a lot of conspiracies surrounding what happened,' Mr Toomey said. 'Maybe it’s the right time for the world to know and that these things are real.' Flight MH370 was flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing when it went missing on March 8. The search for the plane continues off the coast of Australia in the southern Indian Ocean.
highlights: Photographer snaps UFOs flying over Bondi while taking photos of a storm . Dan Toomey said they were not visible to the naked eye but on a computer . He saw one saucer-like and cigar-shaped object hovering next to a plane . Photos were taken in 2009 but Toomey has only just released them .
id: af8e96f33a51c575991007a9c17c49a4fe8d789f
chatgpt: A photographer has snapped pictures of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) while taking photos of a storm over Bondi Beach. Dan Toomey, a professional photographer, claims that these UFOs were not visible to the naked eye but became apparent only when he uploaded his photos to his computer. According to Toomey, while he was taking pictures of a storm, he noticed one object shaped like a saucer and another shaped like a cigar hovering next to a plane. These objects were not moving and appeared to be stationary in the sky. Toomey insists that the photos he took are genuine and have not been altered in any way. He says he waited more than a decade to release the photos because he was unsure of others' reactions to his claim. Speaking to reporters, Toomey said, "I've always been skeptical of UFO sightings, but when I saw these objects in my photos, I became convinced that they were not of this world. These photos are the real deal, and they show something that is difficult to explain by any other means." Toomey claims that the photos were taken in 2009, but he has only released them now. He says that he kept the photos to himself for years because he wanted to scrutinize them and understand precisely what he had captured. The images have sparked debates online, with some people saying that they are compelling evidence of extraterrestrial life, while others believe that they are simply reflections or anomalies in the photographs. However, Toomey stands by his claim that the UFOs were there, and he has the photographic evidence to prove it. He says he would like to see more research done on these objects and hopes that someone can provide a scientific explanation for what he has captured. The incident has once again put the spotlight on UFO sightings, and Toomey's photos have added fuel to the ongoing debate about the existence of extraterrestrial life. The Australian government has not yet commented on the photos, and it remains to be seen whether any official investigations will be carried out to determine the nature of these UFO sightings. In the meantime, Toomey's photos will continue to generate discussion and debate among believers and skeptics alike. Whether they provide definitive proof of extraterrestrial life or not, these photos have certainly captured the imagination of people all around the world.