article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 10:48 EST, 11 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:49 EST, 11 April 2012 . A twice suspended doctor banned for prescribing the wrong drugs and carrying out unauthorised operations is back at work. London GP Arun Raunier also failed basic exams but to the fury of former patients has been allowed back into medicine by the General Medical Council (GMC). Rauniar was suspended in 2008 and then again in 2010 after it was found he had not improved as a doctor. Originally he had performed ‘inappropriate’ operations, including circumcision, at his Leyton surgery in east London while also falsely claiming to be a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons. Back to work: Despite failing exams and being suspended twice Arun Raunier has been allowed to practice as a doctor again in the UK (Picture posed by model) Dr Rauniar had also failed to assess and examine patients properly, held out-of date emergency drugs and believed it was not his job to deal with mental health issues. 90-year-old mother Lydia Sandford was prescribed drugs used to treat dementia patients by the bungling GP, but in fact had suffered a mini stroke. Her son Geoff Sandford made a formal complaint against Rainiar claiming his actions sped up her death and he has maintained for a decade that he should have been struck off for what he did to his mother. ‘It’s absolutely outrageous,’ he told The Sun. ‘This man is a liar and a danger to patients. The GMC attitude seems to be that he hasn’t killed anyone.’ The Sun claim that he is now back at work under supervision at a different east London surgery. Back in April 2008 he was found guilty of multiple failings by the GMC. Shocked: Family of his patients say the GMC, pictured, should have struck the doctor off . At that hearing he was ordered to retrain and blocked from practising without supervision for two years. In the same year he was asked to sit medical exams testing his judgement and problem solving. But he fell short, scoring 381 points when he needed 480 to pass. Two years later the GMC said he had made no progress and suspended him for again for a further 12 months. A new GMC panel considered his case last month and has said that as long as he shows he has improved as a doctor they will allow him to take a new GP’s job in the UK. Chairman Dr Robin Knill-Jones said: ‘The Panel considers that a period of three years will be needed for you to address your retraining issues and give you sufficient time to prepare for and undergo a further performance reassessment, before your case is reviewed. ‘The Panel is encouraged by your efforts and now expect you to embark on a more formal approach to your retraining.’
highlights: London GP Arun Raunier also failed basic . exams but has been allowed back into . medicine by the General Medical Council . It is understood that he is already in a GP surgery under supervision .
id: 6d2a3f92f0c14f9876f0a4727fbc4ff258abe3b9
chatgpt: London GP Arun Raunier has been permitted to practise medicine again by the General Medical Council (GMC), despite failing basic medical exams. Raunier is currently under supervision at a GP surgery. His reinstatement is being closely monitored by the council. Raunier's reinstatement has sparked a debate about the quality of medical education in the UK. Critics have raised questions about the standards of entry requirements and the effectiveness of medical training. The GMC has defended its decision, stating that Raunier's situation is unique and that he has demonstrated his ability to practise medicine safely. The council has acknowledged that there are concerns about medical education in the UK and has promised to review the situation. The GMC will consider changes to its exam system and training programmes to ensure the highest medical standards are maintained. Raunier's case is not the first of its kind. In 2018, another GP, Dr Hadiza Bawa-Garba, was struck off the medical register after being found guilty of gross negligence manslaughter. However, in 2019, the GMC reinstated her after a long and complex legal process. Bawa-Garba's case led to widespread debate about doctors' working conditions and the training system that supports them. The GMC has said that it considers each case on its merits and takes into account the individual circumstances of doctors who fail their exams. The council has stressed that the standards required to practise as a doctor in the UK are high and that it will not compromise these for any reason. Critics of the GMC's decision have argued that Raunier's reinstatement sets a dangerous precedent. They say that it undermines the hard work of those who have completed their training and passed their exams with flying colours. However, supporters of Raunier say that the system needs to be more flexible and accommodating to allow doctors to overcome the obstacle of exam failure. Concerns about the quality of medical education are not limited to the UK. The World Health Organisation has identified a global shortage of doctors as a major health challenge. The organisation has recommended that governments increase investment in medical education and training to address this gap. The UK government has pledged to increase the number of medical school places by 1,500 by 2020, but critics say that this is not enough to address the shortage of doctors. They are calling for additional funding to be allocated to medical education to ensure that standards are maintained and the system can produce the doctors that the country needs. Raunier's reinstatement has brought these issues to the forefront of the public debate. It remains to be seen whether the GMC's decision will be seen as a blip or the start of a wider trend towards greater flexibility in the medical education system. Whatever the outcome, it is clear that the issue of doctor education and training will continue to be a topic of discussion for some time to come.