article: (CNN) -- Winger Adam Ashley-Cooper scored the fastest hat-trick in Rugby World Cup history on Friday as Australia triumphed 67-5 against the United States. The bonus-point win was Australia's second of the tournament in New Zealand, and the perfect response to last weekend's shock 15-6 defeat against Ireland. The 1991 and 1999 world champions are now in a strong position to reach the quarterfinals, with their final Pool D match coming against World Cup debutants Russia on October 1. U.S. coach Eddie O'Sullivan will need his native Ireland, who he coached at the last two World Cups, to lose against Russia on Sunday to keep alive the Super Eagles' slim hopes of reaching the last eight. Bagpipe ban puts wind up Scottish rugby fans . Ashley-Cooper registered three tries in seven second-half minutes after the Wallabies had built up a commanding 34-5 lead in Wellington, putting the 27-year-old joint top of the tournament's scoring standings. Two tries in the first 10 minutes from center Rob Horne and flanker Rocky Elsom got Australia off to a strong start, before the U.S. responded with a score of their own through South Africa-born No. 8 J.J. Gagiano. But it was to prove the only try of the match for the U.S., with Australia fullback Kurtley Beale and center Anthony Fainga'a both touching down to set up a 22-5 halftime lead. The tries continued in the second half for coach Robbie Deans' team, as Australia went over the U.S. line four minutes into the second period through wing Drew Mitchell. Center Pat McCabe grabbed another five points before Ashley-Cooper took over to ram home Australia's superiority. A second try for Fainga'a and a final score from flanker Radike Samo set the seal on a commanding triumph. "We spoke about being a little bit smarter in our decision-making," scrumhalf Will Genia, Australia's stand-in captain in the absence of regular skipper James Horwill, told the tournament's official website. "The scoreline was flattering but the best thing was the way we went about it and our decision-making. We got clean ball to work with and it made it much easier to get on the front foot." Australia ended the match with 14 men when Fainga'a was stretchered off with concussion in the final minute, with former New Zealand fullback Deans having used all his replacements after Beale, Horne, McCabe and back-row forward Wycliff Palu also went off injured.
highlights: Wallabies record a comfortable 67-5 win over U.S. at Rugby World Cup . Adam Ashley-Cooper scores the fastest hat-trick in World Cup history . The result leaves Australia top of Pool D with 10 points . Eagles need Russia to beat Ireland in order to have chance of reaching last eight .
id: e592513a04a2c2f7c49bc783605089cfa74c5119
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a one-sided affair, the Australian Wallabies have secured a dominant 67-5 victory over the United States in their Rugby World Cup pool match. The result sees the Wallabies move to the top of Pool D with 10 points, putting them in a strong position to progress to the knockout stages of the tournament. The match got off to a fast start with the Wallabies scoring three tries in the first 15 minutes of play. The highlight of the match came in the form of a hat-trick from veteran Adam Ashley-Cooper, who scored the fastest hat-trick in Rugby World Cup history. The three tries came in a span of just 11 minutes, cementing Ashley-Cooper's place in World Cup history. Despite the lopsided scoreline, the United States put up a valiant effort and managed to score one try of their own. However, it proved to be nothing more than a consolation as the Wallabies continued to dominate proceedings. The victory leaves the Wallabies in a strong position to progress to the knockout stages of the tournament. With two wins out of two matches played, the Australian team will be feeling confident about their chances of going deep into the tournament. For the United States, the defeat leaves their Rugby World Cup hopes in tatters. The Eagles now find themselves sitting in last place in Pool D with no points to their name. In order to have any chance of reaching the last eight, the Eagles will need to rely on Russia defeating Ireland in their upcoming pool match. Despite the difficult situation they find themselves in, the United States can take heart from the fact that they have managed to score their first try of the tournament. The team will be hoping to build on this positive and put in a strong performance in their final pool match against Tonga. Overall, the Wallabies will be delighted with their performance and the comfortable victory over the United States. The team will now be looking ahead to their upcoming pool match against Wales, where they will have the opportunity to take another step towards the knockout stages of the Rugby World Cup.