article: (CNN) -- When NASCAR team owner Jack Roush crashed his plane at an Oshkosh, Wisconsin, airport Tuesday night, the aircraft "cartwheeled" an undetermined number of times and ended up facing the opposite direction, National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Peter Knudson said Wednesday. Knudson said upon landing, the Beechcraft Premier jet, registered to Roush Fenway Racing LLC, rolled "hard to the right," then its right wing dropped "way down" and struck a grass strip, and the plane flipped over at least once. The jet ended up facing north, though it had flown in facing south, Knudson said. The NASCAR owner was piloting the plane, which took off from Detroit, Michigan, Knudson said. The NTSB is leading the investigation into the accident. The Experimental Aircraft Association said in a statement Tuesday night that Roush's passenger in the plane was Brenda Strickland of Plymouth, Michigan. Video showed the two of them walking away from the plane, which appeared to be split toward its midsection. The morning after the incident, Roush remained in serious, but stable, condition at Theda Clark Medical Center in nearby Neenah, Wisconsin, hospital spokeswoman Megan Wilcox said Wednesday. She said it was "too early" to say how long Roush would remain in the hospital. The facility was keeping details about Roush's injuries private "at the request of his family and racing team," Wilcox said. However, Roush's racing team released a statement quoting attending physician Dr. Kevin Wasco as saying that Roush's injuries are not life threatening. Strickland was brought to Oshkosh's Mercy Medical Center, where she was listed in good condition, Mercy spokeswoman Maria Heim said Wednesday. The Experimental Aircraft Association's annual air show, AirVenture 2010, had just ended for the day at Wittman Regional Airport in Oshkosh when the crash happened at 6:15 p.m., association spokesman Dick Knapinski said. The accident shut down the airport until its regular 8 p.m. closing time, but the airport re-opened Wednesday morning, according to Knapinski. He said Roush comes every year and "does presentations as an airplane enthusiast." Knapinski said Roush owns one of "probably fewer than 200 airworthy" World War II-era P-51 Mustang fighter planes and Roush had been scheduled to give a presentation about his vintage prop plane Tuesday. Roush had also been slated to appear at the air show Wednesday, signing autographs and talking to NASCAR fans at the Ford tent. "Roush Fenway Racing is NASCAR's largest team operating eight motorsports teams. Four in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series with drivers Matt Kenseth, Greg Biffle, Carl Edwards and David Ragan; and four in the Nationwide Series with Edwards, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Colin Braun, Brian Ickler, and Paul Menard," said the statement from Roush's racing team.
highlights: NEW:The NTSB says NASCAR team owner Jack Roush's plane rolled hard to the right and cartwheeled upon landing . Roush was in serious, but stable, condition Wednesday . Another passenger, Brenda Strickland, is in good condition . Roush, an airplane enthusiast, was heading to an air show to present his vintage plane and sign autographs .
id: f77d421c4ac8272ea4dd615108bc7d67731950cb
chatgpt: NASCAR team owner Jack Roush was involved in a serious plane crash on Tuesday evening, according to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). Roush was flying his vintage plane to an air show when the aircraft experienced a hard roll to the right during landing, causing it to cartwheel and crash.  Thankfully, Roush survived the accident, but he is currently in a serious, yet stable, condition. Another passenger who was on board the plane, Brenda Strickland, is said to be in good condition.  The NTSB has launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred at an airport in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. The agency announced that it will be sending a team of investigators to the site to determine the cause of the crash.  The crash has come as a shock to the racing world, with Roush being a well-known figure in NASCAR. He is the owner of Roush Fenway Racing, a successful racing team that competes in the NASCAR Cup Series. Roush has also been an airplane enthusiast for many years and has even flown his planes himself.  The vintage plane that Roush was flying at the time of the crash was a 1942 North American P-51 Mustang. He was flying the aircraft to the EAA AirVenture Oshkosh air show, where he was due to present his vintage plane to aviation enthusiasts and sign autographs.  Roush Fenway Racing issued a statement after the crash, saying that they were "relieved" to hear that Roush was stable, but they were also concerned about his injuries. The team expressed their gratitude to the emergency services who responded to the crash and assisted in rescuing Roush and Strickland.  Many fans of Roush and NASCAR have taken to social media to express their support and well wishes for the racing legend. NASCAR driver Joey Logano tweeted, "We're thinking of you, Jack. Get well soon." Former racer and current NASCAR commentator, Dale Earnhardt Jr., tweeted, "Prayers for Jack, Brenda and the entire Roush family."  The crash has reignited discussions about the safety of vintage aircraft, with some aviation experts calling for stricter regulations on the flying of such planes. However, others argue that accidents can happen regardless of the age of the aircraft and that the focus should be on ensuring that all planes are maintained and flown safely.  As investigations into the crash continue, Roush's family, friends, and fans will undoubtedly be hoping for a speedy recovery for the NASCAR legend. NASCAR has announced that it will be keeping fans updated on Roush's condition and encourages fans to send their messages of support using the hashtag #PrayforJack.