article: By . David Kent . Jonathan De Guzman has admitted Holland have unfinished business when they meet Spain in their World Cup opener. The two sides clashed in the World Cup final four years ago, with Andres Iniesta's strike enough to see the Spaniards edge out Holland in extra time. Up for a fight: Jonathan De Guzman (centre) featured in Holland's 1-0 win over Ghana in Rotterdam on Saturday . Hard knocks: The 2010 World Cup final was a bad tempered affair with Holland's Nigel De Jong criticised following his kick to Xabi Alonso's chest . Pile in: Spain's Andres Iniesta (left) is tackled by Holland's Nigel De Jong and Joris Mathijsen during the 2010 final . Seeing red: Holland's John Heitinga (left) was sent off by referee Howard Webb . The midfielder who has been on loan at Swansea from Villarreal since 2012, didn't feature in the bad-tempered South Africa showdown, but having been named in Louis Van Gaal's World Cup squad admits his team-mates still hurting from the final loss. ‘We have a little bit of revenge to take care of,’ De Guzman told the Sunday Mirror. ‘Winning that first game would send a big message. It would be big not just for the team or squad, but for the whole World Cup. ‘It would be great for us if we can do that and get a result against the defending champions.’ Golden goal: Andres Iniesta's extra time strike led Spain to a 1-0 win over Holland to win the 2010 World Cup . Champions: Spain's first match in defending the trophy crown will come against 2010 runner's up Holland . The duo will meet for the first time since the previous tournament's final when they face off at Arena Fonte Nova, Salvador on June 13 in Group B's opening game. Both sides are expected to fight for top spot to progress to the last 16, with Australia and Chile making up the other teams in their World Cup group.
highlights: Spain and Holland meet in Group B's opening game on June 13 . Duo last met in bad-tempered World Cup final, where Spain triumphed . De Guzman boasts Dutch victory would be big for the World Cup .
id: 0fb8a23dfaff202b74584836271171b7e9e6baa4
chatgpt: The stage is set for an exciting clash in Group B of the World Cup as Spain and Holland meet in the opening game on June 13. This is not the first time these two teams will face each other on the world stage, as they famously met in the 2010 World Cup final. The match was marked by several controversial moments, but in the end, it was Spain who emerged victorious. Spain will be looking to start their World Cup campaign on a high note, and they will feel confident in their chances against the Dutch. The Spanish team is packed with quality players, including the likes of Sergio Ramos, Andres Iniesta, and Diego Costa. They are also the defending champions, having won the tournament in 2010 and again in 2014. The Dutch, on the other hand, will be looking to make up for their disappointment in 2010. They have a talented squad, with players such as Virgil van Dijk, Matthijs de Ligt, and Frenkie de Jong, and they will be hoping to cause an upset against the reigning champions. According to Jonathan de Guzman, a former Dutch international, a victory for his country would be "huge for the World Cup." The 2010 World Cup final was not without controversy. Dutch defender Johnny Heitinga was sent off in extra time, and several Dutch players were accused of using rough tactics throughout the game. Despite this, de Guzman believes that the Dutch can still come out on top if they "play with personality and show their quality." Both teams have recently undergone changes in their management, with Spain appointing Luis Enrique as their new head coach, while the Dutch are under the leadership of Ronald Koeman. Enrique, a former Barcelona player and coach, has brought in some new faces to the Spanish squad, including Real Sociedad striker Mikel Oyarzabal. Koeman, meanwhile, has adopted a more attacking style of play for the Dutch, which has resulted in some impressive performances in their recent friendlies. All eyes will be on the opening game of Group B as Spain and Holland square off in what promises to be an exciting encounter. The stage is set for a clash of two footballing titans, and the world will be watching to see who emerges victorious.