article: (CNN) -- Fanatical Manchester United fan Usain Bolt has been offered the chance to fulfill a boyhood dream and turn out for the famous Red Devils. The fastest man in the world has often spoken of his wish to play for the English Premier League giants and used his Twitter blog to badger United star Rio Ferdinand to get him a trial at Old Trafford. Bolt was also a guest at United's EPL home game against Fulham and went on the pitch to show off his Olympic gold medals to the crowd. Now manager Alex Ferguson has hinted Bolt could indeed turn out for the club. "He's a bit of a character and a big United fan. But it's interesting he says he'd like to play in a charity game," Ferguson was quoted on their official website. "It could be brilliant and next year, when we play Real Madrid's Legends again, there could be opportunities to bring him up and see how he does. "The people from these small islands, like Dwight Yorke from Trinidad & Tobago, they all play football and he probably played at school level or youth level or something like that. It'd be nice to get him up here, I think it'll be good." Bolt, who has won six Olympic gold medals in the last two Games, would certainly add pace to the United attack and in the past has been to their training ground to pass on his expertise. "He's been to Carrington a couple of times," Ferguson added. "And he did help Cristiano Ronaldo with his sprinting, like he said. He took him aside one day." Ferguson is a big fan of the Jamaican, describing his performances at the London Games as "phenomenal." Bolt could take heart from the feats of one of his British opponents in the 100m at the 2012 Olympics. World junior champion Adam Gemili narrowly missed out on running against him in the final, having turned to athletics after playing professional football for fourth flight Dagenham and Redbridge. Britain's former Decathlon legend Daley Thompson also had trials with now EPL Reading at the end of his athletics career. .
highlights: Usain Bolt could play for Manchester United in a charity match . Manager Alex Ferguson makes offer to the Jamaican superstar . Bolt has often spoken of his wish to play for his favorite club . He won three gold medals at the recent London 2012 Olympics .
id: e30062a5704b22672db9638cffa820366123145e
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events, it has been revealed that the world's fastest man, Usain Bolt, could be donning a Manchester United jersey and playing for the club in a charity match. The revelation came from none other than the legendary manager of United, Sir Alex Ferguson himself, who extended the offer to the Jamaican superstar. Bolt has always been a vocal supporter of Manchester United and has often spoken of his desire to play for the club. In fact, he has been quoted in the past as saying that playing for his favorite club would be a dream come true. With this offer from Ferguson, it seems that Bolt's dream could finally become a reality. The charity match in question is set to take place later this year, and it will include a number of other high-profile celebrities and athletes. It is being organized to raise funds for various charitable causes, and it is expected to be a huge event. Bolt's involvement in the match would undoubtedly add to its already considerable appeal. The sprinter is a global superstar, and his achievements on the track are nothing short of impressive. He won three gold medals at the recent London 2012 Olympics, cementing his place as one of the greatest athletes of all time. The prospect of seeing Bolt play for Manchester United is sure to excite fans all around the world. His lightning-fast speed and agility would make him a formidable force on the pitch, and his presence would undoubtedly draw in a huge crowd. At the moment, it remains to be seen whether Bolt will accept the offer from Ferguson and actually take to the field for Manchester United. However, given his long-standing admiration for the club, it seems likely that he will seriously consider the proposal. In any case, the news of Ferguson's offer has caused quite a stir among football fans and sporting enthusiasts alike. The idea of the world's fastest man playing for one of the world's most iconic clubs is certainly an intriguing one, and it will be fascinating to see how things progress in the coming weeks and months.