article: By . Kerry Mcqueeney . PUBLISHED: . 03:44 EST, 25 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:50 EST, 25 May 2012 . Facing jail: Joseph Bucci's spending spree could cost him his freedom . A man is facing a 14-year jail sentence after he spent almost $70,000 that was put into his bank account by mistake. Joseph Bucci, from Trevose, Pennsylvania, was stunned with he discovered $69,300 in his account - particularly as, only a week before, his balance had been a mere $35. However, instead of telling the bank there had been a mistake he did what, no doubt, many would be tempted to do: He spent it. Unemployed Bucci bought himself a used Pontiac, a golden retriever and a trip to Orlando with the money. He also splashed out on food, furniture and clothes - as well as paying off bills for his family members, it was reported. The money was due to be placed in escrow for an estate but a typo made by a bank teller at Wells Fargo resulted in the money being transferred to Bucci's account instead. The bank realised the error when the recipients noticed their money was  missing and contacted police. Andrew Aninsman, a Bensalem police sergeant, told CBS News: 'I guess he thought he was in elementary school and found a quarter on the ground and said "Finders keepers, losers weepers".' Bucci is thought to have turned himself in to police, ABC News reported. He has been charged with theft of property lost and receiving stolen property - both of which are third-degree felonies. He faces jail sentence of up to 14 years in prison. Splashing out: Some of the cash was used to buy a second-hand Pontiac (file photo) Pet: Bucci also spent some of the money on a golden retriever dog (file photo) Bucci told CBS News: 'There was a sense of wow... just look at it for a while. I knew it was going to catch up to me. I just didn't know it was going to be this bad.' He was arraigned before Bensalem District Judge Joseph Falcone and was released on a $25,000 unsecured bail. A spokesman for Wells Fargo said the bank was working closely with the police.
highlights: Joseph Bucci bought a car, a golden retriever and holiday to Orlando with the money . Cash was accidentally transferred to his account when bank teller entered wrong numbers on computer .
id: 756fe6ecc20c6aa3c2b6fbad9278a8c8d930ddc7
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a stroke of good fortune, Joseph Bucci of Springfield, Massachusetts had quite the windfall when an accidental transfer of funds landed in his account. The bank teller responsible for the error had mistakenly entered the wrong numbers on the computer, sending over $23,000 to Bucci's account, which he promptly put to good use. Bucci wasted no time splurging on himself and his loved ones. Among his purchases were a sleek new car, a playful golden retriever, and a family holiday to sunny Orlando, Florida. When asked about his good luck, Bucci seemed overwhelmed by it all. "I couldn't believe it at first," he said. "But as soon as I saw the money in my account, I knew I had to make the most of it." Bucci, who works as a teacher in a local high school, admitted that he never thought he would be able to afford a new car or a big vacation. "I live pretty modestly," he said. "So when this happened, it was like a dream come true." Bucci made sure to share his good fortune with others, as well. He donated a portion of the money to his school's athletic program, which had been struggling to afford new equipment. The bank, which declined to comment on the specifics of the error, quickly rectified the mistake and apologized for any inconvenience it may have caused. "We take all of our customers' transactions seriously, and we are committed to ensuring the accuracy of their accounts," a spokesperson said. "We regret this error and are taking steps to ensure it doesn't happen again." Despite the mistake, Bucci remained grateful for the unexpected blessings. He said that the experience had taught him to appreciate the small things in life and not take anything for granted. "I don't know if I'll ever get another stroke of luck like this," he said. "But I do know that I'm going to enjoy every moment of it." As for the golden retriever, Bucci said he named her Lucky in honor of the serendipitous circumstance that brought her into his life. "She's been a wonderful addition to our family," he said. "And every time I look at her, I'm reminded of how fortunate we all are."