article: (CNN) -- Atlanta's airport is still the busiest passenger airport in the world, but Beijing's airport is closing the gap. More than 94 million passengers went through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2013, a decrease of 1.1% over the previous year, according to Airports Council International's preliminary passenger traffic results for 2013. Beijing Capital International Airport came in second place and is continuing to close the gap with Atlanta, reporting nearly 84 million passengers last year. That's an increase of 2.2% over 2012. London's Heathrow Airport remained in third place with more than 72 million passengers, an increase of 3.3%, according to Airports Council International, the worldwide association of airports. There were no changes to fourth, fifth and sixth places. They remained Tokyo International Airport (Haneda), Chicago O'Hare International Airport and Los Angeles International Airport. With 66.4 million passengers last year and a 15% increase in traffic, Dubai jumped from 10th place to seventh place. "With double-digit growth rates in passenger traffic for 2013, Dubai is likely to move up several spots again in the 2014 rankings, solidifying its status as the major hub connecting the east and west," ACI World's Economics Director Rafael Echevarne said in a press release. "Aviation's nucleus appears to be moving eastward," he said. "Other emerging markets such as Turkey, China and South East Asia that have a critical mass of traffic also remain major contributors to the upward surge in air transport demand. This trend will continue into 2014." Paris dropped from seventh to eighth place, Dallas/Fort Worth remained in ninth place and Jakarta dropped to 10th place. Behind the scenes at the world's busiest airport . Passenger traffic continued to grow around the world, with the world's airports serving nearly 5.4 billion passengers in 2013, growing by 4% from 2012, according to the report. Atlanta's airport still topped the rankings in airplane movements (takeoffs and landings), with 911,000 movements last year. Chicago O'Hare International Airport came in second place with 883,000 movements and Dallas/Fort Worth was third with 678,000. Rounding out that list were Los Angeles International Airport, Denver, Beijing, Charlotte, Las Vegas, Houston and Paris. Hong Kong's airport is still the busiest cargo airport in the world, transporting nearly 4.2 million metric tons of cargo last year. Memphis, Tennessee, home to FedEx, came in second place with 4.1 million metric tons and Shanghai was third with 2.9 million metric tons. (One metric ton equals 2,205 pounds.) Rounding out the top 10 were cargo airports in Incheon, South Korea; Dubai; Anchorage, Alaska; Louisville, Kentucky; Frankfurt, Germany; Paris; and Tokyo (Narita). The Airports Council International preliminary traffic report was based on reports from over 1,105 airports worldwide. A final version will be released later in the year.
highlights: The busiest airport in the world saw fewer passengers last year than in 2012 . Beijing's airport saw an increase in passengers in 2013 . Dubai's airport jumped three spots to finish in seventh place .
id: c18f640f7d5a35acaa3dc61b97a3e9dddfc4e043
chatgpt: Passenger traffic decreased at the busiest airport in the world, while a couple of other airports experienced growth, according to recently released data. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport maintained its status as the busiest airport in the world, but saw a decline in passenger numbers from the previous year. In 2013, the Atlanta airport handled 94.4 million passengers, down from 95.5 million in 2012. In contrast, Beijing Capital International Airport in China saw an increase in passenger traffic last year, handling 83.7 million passengers, up from 81.8 million in 2012. This growth in passengers allowed Beijing to maintain its position as the second busiest airport in the world. Dubai International Airport in the United Arab Emirates made significant strides in 2013, jumping three spots to finish as the seventh busiest airport in the world. The airport handled 66.4 million passengers, up from 57.7 million in 2012. This marks a 15 percent increase in passenger traffic, which can be attributed to Dubai's growing popularity as a tourist and business destination. Other airports that saw increases in passenger traffic include Istanbul Ataturk Airport, which experienced a 13.4 percent increase in passengers, and Hong Kong International Airport, which handled 59.9 million passengers, up 6.1 percent from the previous year. The decrease in passenger traffic at the Atlanta airport can be attributed to several factors, including various weather-related disruptions, airline consolidations, and the ongoing economic slowdown. Despite this, the airport still sees significant traffic from business and leisure travelers. Meanwhile, the growth in passenger numbers at Beijing and Dubai airports highlights the increasing importance of these airports on the global aviation landscape. Beijing is a key hub for travel to and from Asia, while Dubai is becoming a major transfer point for travelers going between Europe, Asia, and Africa. As air travel continues to grow in popularity, especially in emerging markets, it is likely that we will see more changes in the top airports list in the years to come. For the time being, though, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport remains the world's busiest airport, albeit with fewer passengers than in previous years.