article: (CNN) -- The gigolo former lover of Germany's richest woman has been jailed for six years after confessing to blackmailing her and other women out of millions of dollars, a court official said Monday. Helg Sgarbi has admitted blackmailing Germany's richest woman, Susanne Klatten. Susanne Klatten, the BMW heiress, complained to police last year that Helg Sgarbi had threatened to release pictures of them if she did not pay him nearly $60 million. Munich's state prosecutor Anton Winkler said Sgarbi, who was accused of blackmailing several wealthy woman, had made a written confession which was read by his lawyer to the court. "He confessed that he blackmailed the victims, told them untrue stories," Winkler told CNN. However, Sgarbi had not revealed what had happened to the estimated $12.5 million he had taken from his victims nor where the pictures had gone. "It is really only half a confession. We asked him about where the money is, about accomplices and videos... and he refused to say anything about that," Winkler said. Authorities said Klatten, who is married with three children, had an affair with Sgarbi. He started to ask her for money, and she paid several million at first, but when she refused to provide more he threatened to send compromising videos to her husband and the media. Klatten went to the police in January 2008, telling them she was the victim of a fraud and blackmail. At the time, her spokesman, Joerg Appelhans, told CNN that Sgarbi's goal had always been to con her. "She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her," Appelhans said. Sgarbi's lawyer, Egon Geis, said he was surprised by all the media attention. "This is all because of Mrs. Klatten, take the same amount of money and any other person and no one would care." Sgarbi allegedly maintained relationships with a number of woman, telling them he was a special Swiss representative in crisis zones. Klatten, the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt, holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana. Forbes magazine lists her as the world's 55th richest person, with a personal fortune of $13.2 billion. CNN's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report.
highlights: Germany's richest woman told police she was being blackmailed for millions . BMW heiress said former lover threatened to release images of them . Helg Sgarbi's admits trying to blackmail BMW heiress and others .
id: 1728b9a1dcba7fa792374cfc1d3b4b86c4344c6d
chatgpt: Germany’s richest woman, Susanne Klatten, says that she has been the victim of blackmail by her former lover. According to reports, Klatten has told German police that she was being blackmailed for millions by her former paramour, Helg Sgarbi. The BMW heiress claimed that Sgarbi threatened to reveal intimate images of them together if she didn't give him a hefty sum of money. Klatten, who is worth an estimated $25bn, is the daughter of the late industrialist Herbert Quandt and holds a 19% stake in BMW. She is said to have met Sgarbi at a spa retreat in Switzerland in 2007, where he posed as a financial consultant. The two had a brief affair, which reportedly lasted only a few months, before Klatten broke off the relationship.  After their relationship came to an end, Sgarbi is said to have approached Klatten with a series of demands, including the transfer of millions of euros into his Swiss bank account. He also allegedly asked her for a stake in her family’s company. Sgarbi was arrested in January 2009 and later admitted to trying to blackmail Klatten and several other women. He was sentenced to six years in jail, but was granted early release in 2014 on the grounds that he was suffering from a terminal illness. Despite the ordeal, Klatten has continued to be active in promoting women's rights, and is a well-respected businesswoman in her own right. In 2019, she was ranked as the fourth most powerful woman in Germany by Forbes magazine. The case has been a source of intrigue and fascination in Germany, with many people speculating about the motives of the blackmailer. Some have suggested that Sgarbi was motivated by greed, while others have speculated that he may have been seeking revenge for some perceived wrong. Whatever his motives, the case has served as a cautionary tale about the dangers of trusting strangers, even those who appear to be the epitome of respectability. Despite the trauma that Klatten has suffered, she remains one of Germany's most successful businesswomen. Her family’s company, BMW, continues to be a major force in the global automotive industry, and she is widely regarded as an influential figure in the country's business and political circles.