article: (CNN) -- On a sunny day at the Rose Bowl Aquatics Center in Pasadena, California, in 1991, photographer Kirk Weddle was setting up to shoot what would become an iconic image in rock music. Spencer Elden was chosen from pictures of 12 babies to grace Nirvana?s "Nevermind" CD cover. Weddle's close friend, artist and designer Rick Elden, remembers that day well because he had brought his 4-month-old son to the pool for Weddle to shoot. Weddle had been tapped to create the cover for what would become Nirvana's breakthrough album "Nevermind." "We went to the same college together," Elden said of his friendship with Weddle. "We were tight buddies and we'd been through a lot together." To hear Elden tell it, the shoot was just another job in a long string of photo shoots for musical acts during his association with Weddle. "Keep in mind we shot the Temptations, and so many bands," he said. On the day of the Nirvana shoot, Weddle was said to be working on an idea dreamed up by the band's relatively unknown frontman, Kurt Cobain, Elden said. "Rumor had it that Cobain had the original concept of wanting to show a mother giving birth under water," Elden said. "but the compromise was to have a baby swimming under water. Or so that's what I was told." A dozen infants including Elden's first-born son Spencer were signed up for the photo shoot in the pool that week. On that particular day only Spencer was scheduled to swim for Weddle. Read more about what Spencer Elden is doing now . The boy was in good hands, said Elden, a certified lifeguard. And even at 4 months, Spencer was a good swimmer, he said. However, "if you don't pull them up, they will drown," he joked. "There's tricks to it: You blow in the kid's face and it creates a gag reflex. Infants have a gag reflex, as we all do. You hold him up really close to your face. You blow into him really hard. They gasp, and into the water they go." Weddle then shot just 18 frames, according to Elden. "We only had a half a second" before the shoot was over and little Spencer was plucked from the water. "Boom, boom, boom. End of story," he said. "We got paid $200." Years later, Spencer Elden, now a 17-year-old high school graduate, returned to that same Pasadena pool complex to compete as a swimmer and water polo player on the club team. Read how Nirvana changed iReporters' lives . He said he's still a pretty good swimmer. "I haven't been swimming  as much lately as I'd like to, but I plan on starting swimming next summer," he said.
highlights: Dad of underwater baby on Nirvana album dishes details on 1991 photo shoot . "If you don't pull them up, they will drown," joked dad, a certified lifeguard . Photographer Kirk Weddle chose baby's photo from pictures of 11 other kids . Actual photo shoot lasted only 18 frames, said dad. "We got paid $200"
id: a0bc561c26166dfe40f7a3773bcacf5837e178a2
chatgpt: The iconic Nirvana album "Nevermind" is well-known for its distinctive cover featuring a baby submerged underwater, reaching for a dollar bill on a fishing hook. The infant in the photo is Spencer Elden, now a grown man, who was just four months old at the time of the photo shoot in 1991. Recently, Spencer's father, Rick Elden, spoke out about the photo shoot and revealed some interesting details about the experience. As it turns out, Rick is a certified lifeguard and had some concerns about the safety of the baby during the shoot. "If you don't pull them up, they will drown," he joked, reflecting on his anxiety during the shoot. According to Rick, photographer Kirk Weddle chose Spencer's photo from pictures of 11 other children, all of whom were photographed in the same swimming pool. And despite the enduring fame of the album cover, the actual photo shoot lasted only 18 frames. "We got paid $200," Rick recalled. "That was a lot of money for us at the time, as a young family." He added that he had no idea that the album would become as iconic as it has, and that he had never expected his son's photo to become so widely recognized. The "Nevermind" album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and has sold over 30 million copies worldwide since its release. The cover art has become an oft-copied cultural touchstone, with countless parodies and homages created over the years. In recent years, however, both Spencer and Rick Elden have expressed ambivalence about the photo's fame, with Spencer saying he wishes the photo had never been taken. "I feel like a sex worker," Spencer told GQ in 2019. "The only reason anyone knows who I am is because I was photographed as a baby without my consent." Despite the mixed feelings about its legacy, there can be no denying the cultural importance of the "Nevermind" album and its iconic cover art. And with Rick Elden's recent comments about the photo shoot, fans of the album now have a little more insight into the creation of one of the most recognizable images in rock and roll history.