article: (CNN) -- The president of Sudan ordered the shutdown of an oil pipeline running from South Sudan, explaining that he didn't want his country's neighbor to use oil funds to arm "mercenaries, traitors and agents." The closure ordered by President Omar al-Bashir goes into effect Sunday, according to a story from his country's state-run Sudan News Agency. Al-Bashir announced the directive to a large crowd attending the opening of a power station outside Kharthoum, saying his decision "came after thoughtful considerations of all the consequences and expected impacts." "If (South Sudan) decides to send their oil through Kenya or Djibouti, that's fine. Good for them," the impassioned leader said in a speech broadcast by state-run Sudan TV. "But we will never allow their oil to go through Sudan so they could buy arms and ammunition and give them to mercenaries, traitors and agents." It was not immediately clear to what or whom he was referring. South Sudan became independent from Sudan in July 2011, following a popular referendum and a war that left nearly 2 million people dead. But the two nations have remained at odds on some issues, including defining their borders and oil exports. When they separated, South Sudan acquired three quarters of Sudan's oil reserves. The two countries have been at odds about how much the landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north. Al-Bashir directed his nation's military and pro-government militias to open up camps by Sunday, urging "all people" to join their ranks. In April 2012, Sudan and South Sudan slipped close to all-out war in a series of air and ground exchanges. The two African countries' leaders had agreed in September 2012 to resume oil exports, but failed to address other issues such as the fate of the disputed region of Abyei. Yet they appeared to reach a significant breakthrough in March, with the signing of a deal to withdraw their respective military forces from a 14-mile-wide demilitarized zone between them. The withdrawals were to be monitored by the commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei. That agreement followed international pressure from the African Union and U.N. Security Council to resolve that and other disputes peacefully.
highlights: NEW: Sudan's president say South Sudan oil funds help arm "mercenaries, traitors" NEW: He urges "all people" to join the military, pro-government militias . President al-Bashir orders the shutdown of an oil pipeline from South Sudan . South Sudan became independent of Sudan in 2011, but some issues have remained .
id: c9b060f25946efa232ad77089e46b9a5ef672e46
chatgpt: Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir recently accused South Sudan of using oil funds to arm "mercenaries and traitors" in Sudan. Al-Bashir made these claims during a speech in the capital city of Khartoum, in which he urged "all people" to join the military and pro-government militias. This comes following the decision to shutdown an oil pipeline from South Sudan. South Sudan became independent of Sudan in 2011, however, there have been several issues that have remained unresolved between both countries. One of the major issues has been the sharing of oil revenues. South Sudan has the bulk of the oil fields, but the pipelines and refineries remain in Sudan. Consequently, South Sudan has to pay a fee for the use of Sudan’s infrastructure. President al-Bashir claims that this revenue is being used to arm anti-government forces in Sudan. In his speech, he warned that such actions will not be tolerated, and he urged Sudanese citizens to take up arms against those causing instability in their country. The tensions between Sudan and South Sudan have been ongoing for years, with occasional talks between them resulting in little progress. The shutdown of the oil pipeline is likely to worsen the situation further, with both countries dependent on oil as their major source of income. The situation is also concerning for the international community, as any serious escalation of the conflict could have a significant impact on global oil prices. In addition, the humanitarian consequences of a prolonged conflict could also be severe, with many innocent civilians caught in the crossfire. It remains to be seen how the situation will develop over the coming days and weeks. However, it is clear that the international community needs to take action to prevent a deterioration of the situation. The United Nations and other international organizations have been involved in peacekeeping efforts in the area, but more needs to be done to promote dialogue and stability between Sudan and South Sudan. In conclusion, Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir's accusations against South Sudan regarding the use of oil funds to fuel anti-government forces highlights the ongoing tension between both countries. The shutdown of the oil pipeline from South Sudan only serves to exacerbate the situation, and it is clear that diplomatic efforts must be ramped up to prevent the conflict from escalating further.