article: All of the crew aboard the world's largest purpose built livestock carrier, that caught ablaze, have been accounted for according to the ship's owner. Firefighters battling the blaze on Wellard's Ocean Drover, at Fremantle Port, are struggling to contain the fire. Eight trucks rushed to the scene after the blaze erupted just before 8am. The ship's company have confirmed the fire started in the accommodation area and all crew have been evacuated from the vessel. The Ocean Drover livestock carrier ship (pictured) on fire in Fremantle Port, Western Australia. No livestock were on-board although several people have been taken to Fremantle Hospital . All of the crew aboard the world's largest purpose built livestock carrier, that caught ablaze, have been accounted for according to the ship's owner . A man watches smoke billow over Fremantle Harbour as emergency personnel attempt to extinguish a blaze that broke out on board livestock ship Ocean Drover just before 8am . A St Johns Ambulance spokesman said one man in his 40s was rushed to Fremantle hospital suffering burns and smoke inhalation while several crews members were treated by paramedics. Six others are still being assessed by paramedics at the scene and two of them will be taken to Fremantle hospital. They said the unfolding emergency is being treated as a major incident. 'We're sending our emergency management team down to help cope with the casualties there,' he said. 'It's kind of chaotic.' The ship's company, Wellards, have confirmed the fire started in the accommodation area and all crew have been evacuated from the vessel . Crowds watch the action unfold as smoke billow over Fremantle Harbour as emergency personnel attempt to extinguish the blaze that broke out on board the livestock ship, Ocean Drover . A Tug boats in Fremantle Harbour unleash a stream of water on livestock ship Ocean Drover as firefighters prepare to extinguish a fire that broke out onboard . A department of Fire and Emergency Services spokesman said it was unclear whether additional fire trucks would be needed. 'It's a bit hard to tell at this stage,' she told AAP. 'No livestock are on board.' The nine-deck vessel is capable of transporting 75,000 sheep or 18,000 cattle and has a crew of 45 people. Residents living northeast of the harbour are asked to remain indoors due to fumes in the air. One man in his 40s was rushed to Fremantle hospital suffering burns and smoke inhalation while several crews members and passengers were treated by paramedics . A smoky haze : the Ocean Drover (pictured) cause ablaze Thursday morning. A man in his 40s was taken to Fremantle hospital with burns and smoke inhalation . Emergency personnel watch on as firefighters attempt to extinguish a fire that broke out on board livestock ship Ocean Drover . The nine-deck vessel Ocean Drover (pictured) is capable of transporting 75,000 sheep or 18,000 cattle and has a crew of 45 people but no livestock was on board .
highlights: All crew accounted for aboard Ocean Drover which caught ablaze . Firefighters continue to battle the fire which is believed to have started in the accommodation area . Man in his 40s rushed to Fremantle hospital with burns and suffering smoke inhalation . The unfolding emergency is being treated as a major incident . No livestock are onboard .
id: efbd4995e9ceb5c630db1dd7910a89ebfc87854f
chatgpt: A major incident occurred earlier today when the livestock carrier ship, Ocean Drover, caught ablaze. Thankfully, all crew were accounted for and no livestock were onboard. However, one man in his 40s was rushed to the Fremantle hospital to receive treatment for burns and smoke inhalation. The fire is believed to have started in the accommodation area of the ship, and firefighters are currently battling to control the flames. The unfolding emergency is being treated as a major incident, and emergency services have been mobilized to deal with the situation. According to reports, the ship was carrying a crew of 52 people when the fire broke out. All crew members have been accounted for and are safe, but the man who was rushed to the hospital is said to be in serious condition. His identity has not been released to the public. At this time, it is not clear what caused the fire to break out on the Ocean Drover. An investigation into the incident is underway, and authorities are asking anyone with information to come forward. The Ocean Drover is a livestock carrier ship that sails from various ports around the world, transporting animals to their final destinations. The vessel is owned by the Australian-based company, Wellard, and is one of several livestock carriers in their fleet. Although no livestock were onboard at the time of the fire, the incident highlights the dangers of transporting live animals across long distances. Animal welfare groups have been campaigning for stricter regulations on livestock carriers, citing the appalling conditions that animals are often subjected to on these ships. The Ocean Drover is currently anchored in Fremantle, and a team of experts is assessing the extent of the damage caused by the fire. It is not yet clear when the ship will be able to resume its operations, but it is expected to have a significant impact on the livestock industry. Livestock carriers are essential for transporting animals across long distances, but incidents like this highlight the need for better safety regulations and stricter oversight of these vessels. We can only hope that this incident will serve as a wake-up call for the industry to take the necessary steps to ensure that similar incidents do not happen in the future. In the meantime, our thoughts are with the crew of the Ocean Drover and anyone affected by this incident. We will continue to monitor the situation and provide updates as they become available.