article: Britain’s Max Chilton has been unexpectedly dropped for this weekend’s Belgian Grand Prix. Chilton, in his second full season on the Formula One grid with backmarkers’ Marussia, will be replaced by Alexander Rossi, who makes his grand prix debut. Marussia have revealed there are ‘contractual issues’ behind the decision to axe Chilton, while the Briton claims he 'volunteered' to give up his drive in order for the team to raise 'much-needed funds'. VIDEO Scroll down for F1 driver Max Chilton on the track for testing . Business as usual: Max Chilton takes part in his track walk at Spa-Francorchamps on Thursday morning . A statement released on behalf of the Englishman said: 'Max Chilton has volunteered to step out of his race seat for this weekend's race in Spa, Belgium to allow the team to attract much needed funds by selling his seat. 'Max will attend the race and be on hand to support the team in any way possible. Marussia are currently in talks with several new investors and it is expected the situation will be resolved before the next race in Monza.' American Rossi, 23 next month, will be the second rookie on the grid in Spa-Francorchamps after Caterham revealed on Wednesday that 32-year-old Andre Lotterer will replace Kamui Kobayahsi for round 11 of the championship. ‘We're providing Alexander Rossi with the opportunity to make his Grand Prix debut at this weekend’s Belgian Grand Prix in Spa-Francorchamps,’ said Marussia. Change of plans: Alexander Rossi (far right) will replace Chilton for this weekend's race in Belgium . ‘Alexander will race alongside Jules Bianchi, substituting for Max Chilton while contractual issues are resolved. ‘Alexander joined the team as reserve driver last month, the announcement coming at the Hungarian Grand Prix. He has taken part in a number of Friday morning Free Practice 1 sessions with his previous team but this weekend will see him ‘racing’ a Formula One car for the first time.’ Rossi added: 'It goes without saying that I am thrilled to be given the opportunity to race in Formula One for the first time and I cannot thank the Marussia F1 Team for the faith they are demonstrating in me. 'It’s a very big moment for me and there’s a lot to prepare in a short space of time, but on the other hand I have felt ready for this for quite a while now. It is also exciting to be given this opportunity at such a fantastic and historical circuit as Spa-Francorchamps.' VIDEO Review of the Hungarian Grand Prix .
highlights: Marussia have cited 'contractual issues' for the reason behind their decision . Chilton to be replaced by Alexander Rossi who will make his F1 debut in Spa . Rossi will be the second rookie in Belgium after Caterham announced Andre Lotterer will step in for Kamui Kobayashi at Spa-Francorchamps . Chilton claims he 'volunteered' to give up his seat in order for cash-strapped team to raise money .
id: 0efc4bd89fdba9ee79156b42ed97adb3fcf78efb
chatgpt: Marussia F1 team has announced that they will be replacing their driver Max Chilton with Alexander Rossi, citing "contractual issues" as the reason behind their decision. Rossi, who is an American racing driver, will be making his Formula One debut at the upcoming Belgian Grand Prix in Spa. Rossi will be the second rookie to compete in Belgium after Caterham also announced that Andre Lotterer will replace Kamui Kobayashi at Spa-Francorchamps. The news came as a surprise to many as Lotterer has not competed in F1 since 2004. While the Marussia team has not revealed any details about the contractual issues that led to Chilton's replacement, the British driver claimed that he volunteered to give up his seat. He says that he did it to help the team raise more money and keep themselves afloat as they continue to face financial difficulties. In a statement, Chilton said, "It goes without saying that I am hugely disappointed to have lost my seat. But it's also important for me to state that I volunteered to step down for the sake of the team. I'm a racer through and through, and I'm confident that I will be back on the grid as soon as possible." Marussia, however, thanked Chilton for his contribution to the team, and wished him all the best for his future endeavors. In their statement, the team also confirmed that Rossi, who has been their reserve driver this season, has been preparing for this opportunity for some time now. "We are pleased to have Alexander Rossi step up to race alongside Jules Bianchi in Belgium. Alexander has been an important part of the team this season, and we are confident that he is ready for this challenge." Rossi, who is 22, has competed in several motor racing categories such as GP3, Formula Renault 3.5 and IndyCar. Speaking about his upcoming F1 debut, he said, "This is a dream come true for me. I have been working hard for this moment for my entire career, and I can't wait to get out on the track and give it my all." The Marussia team has been struggling financially, and the decision to replace Chilton with Rossi is seen as a move to secure more funding. Rossi's appointment may also help Marussia target more sponsorship from the United States, where he is from. The Belgian Grand Prix is set to take place from August 22-24, and it will be interesting to see how the rookie drivers perform on the challenging Spa-Francorchamps circuit.