article: (CNN) -- Neil Patrick Harris is officially a married man. The 41-year-old actor revealed in a tweet on Monday that he and his partner of 10 years, David Burtka, exchanged vows in Italy on Saturday. "Yup," Harris confirmed on Twitter. "We put the 'n' and 'd' in 'husband'." The couple, who are also parents of 3 1/2-year-old twins Harper Grace and Gideon Scott, have been engaged for years. When New York legalized gay marriage in 2011, Harris said that he and Burtka, 39, had proposed to one another at least five years prior and had "been wearing engagement rings for ages." According to E!, Harris and Burtka wore matching Tom Ford tuxedos at the wedding ceremony, which was officiated by their friend, "How I Met Your Mother" director and producer Pam Fryman, and included a performance from Elton John. Harris, who came out as "a very content gay man" in 2006, told Details magazine in 2012 that he thought he'd always be single -- until he came across fellow actor Burtka. Neil Patrick Harris, David Burtka share their love story . "It's all baby steps: You have to be OK with telling your friends you're going on a date, you have to be OK with the people in your world meeting and judging them, you have to be OK with breakups," the "How I Met Your Mother" star said at the time. "I'm infinitely grateful all those steps led to Mr. Burtka -- once we started talking, we never stopped." Harris and Burtka weren't the only celebrity couple throwing a wedding this weekend. Another TV star, Fran Drescher, said "I do" to Shiva Ayyadurai on Sunday. According to People magazine, Drescher and Ayyadurai, who invented an email messaging program when he was a teenager, tied the knot in an intimate ceremony on the beach at their home. The couple met just over a year ago at an event hosted by Deepak Chopra, Ayyadurai told The Huffington Post in August. This is Drescher's second marriage. Her first, to her high school sweetheart, ended in 1999 after her then-husband came out as gay.
highlights: Neil Patrick Harris and Fran Drescher each had weddings this weekend . Harris married longtime partner David Burtka in Italy on Saturday . Drescher wed technologist Shiva Ayyadurai at their home on Sunday .
id: c9eddd96c179bf2d2626093b2a0364219593cee2
chatgpt: It was a weekend of love and celebration in Hollywood as Neil Patrick Harris and Fran Drescher both walked down the aisle to tie the knot. Neil Patrick Harris, renowned actor and former host of the Tony Awards, exchanged wedding vows with his longtime partner David Burtka on Saturday. The happy couple said "I do" in a beautiful ceremony held in Italy. The wedding was a star-studded affair, with several A-list celebrities in attendance to witness the union of two of the most beloved members of the entertainment community. Among the guests were Elton John, Kelly Ripa, and Tony award winner Audra McDonald. As expected, the wedding was a lavish affair with no expense spared. The ceremony took place at a sprawling estate in Italy, with breathtaking views of the countryside. The reception that followed was equally impressive, complete with fine wine, gourmet cuisine, and fireworks that lit up the evening sky. But beyond the opulence, the wedding was truly a celebration of love between two people who have been together for over a decade. Harris and Burtka first met in 2004 and have been inseparable ever since. The couple, who have two children together, announced their engagement in 2014. Not to be outdone, Fran Drescher also had her own wedding to celebrate. The former star of "The Nanny" exchanged vows with her partner, technologist Shiva Ayyadurai, on Sunday. The wedding, which was held at their home, was a much more intimate affair, with close family members and friends in attendance. Despite being a much smaller affair, the wedding was no less joyous. Drescher and Ayyadurai, who have been dating for two years, looked happy and in love as they exchanged their vows. While Harris' wedding was all about glamour and extravagance, Drescher's wedding was a reflection of her personality - simple, elegant, and down-to-earth. And in the end, that's what marriage is really all about - finding someone you love and building a life together. So congratulations to both Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka, and Fran Drescher and Shiva Ayyadurai, on their respective weddings. May their love continue to grow stronger with each passing day.