article: An unlucky pensioner could be forced to tear down his £1 million home after it was struck by lightning. Since his wife Denise died two years ago, 79-year-old Tony Tubb, from Bexhill-on-Sea in Sussex, has battled cancer twice, had his home of 40 years burgled and had all his late wife's jewellery stolen. But just as things were starting to look up for Mr Tubb following his second cancer all clear, his home was struck by lightning - which blew a four-foot hole in the ceiling just above his bed. Tony Tubb, 79, (pictured) may have to tear down his home of 40 years after lightning struck and caused a fire . The lightning strike caused a fire to rip through the £1 million property before fire crews extinguished the blaze . Mr Tubb barely escaped with his life, as fire tore through his family home before three fire crews managed to extinguish the blaze. He has now been told that the house he raised his two children in could have to be torn down because of structural damage. This picture shows the four-foot hole in the roof above Mr Tubb's bedroom - luckily he was not injured . Mr Tubb is now waiting to hear if the house needs to be torn down due to structural damage caused by the fire . Even if his home can be saved, the unlucky pensioner has already lost most of his prized possessions, and will have to find £250,000 to pay the repair bill. Mr Tubb said: 'When lightning hits something it can cause enormous damage. It has been very upsetting. 'The house might have to be rebuilt - I am waiting to hear what the structural engineer says about it. 'It could be that the house itself is not safe enough to live in, in which case it would be a waste of money to start doing repairs. 'So I will leave it to the experts to establish whether or not the house is repairable.' The lightning tore the four-foot hole in the roof above his bedroom on October 6. He added: 'They say lightning doesn't strike twice, but in a sense it has hit me twice because of the burglary last year. 'Someone said to me I'd be more likely to win the lottery than be struck by lightning - what are the chances of having your house hit?' Source: TORRO and Met Office .
highlights: Tony Tubb may have to tear down his £1 million home after lightning strike . Bolt from the blue left a four-foot hole in the roof above Mr Tubb's bedroom . Subsequent fire caused structural damage and the house may not be safe . Widower Mr Tubb, 79, will have to find £250,000 to pay the repair bill . Unlucky pensioner lost most of his prized possessions during the strike .
id: d492d74cbf22f9587af0677080ae25ef1c278d27
chatgpt: A lightning strike has brought misery to a widower whose house in the UK may now have to be torn down following the incident. Tony Tubb, 79, may lose his £1 million home after a bolt from the blue left a four-foot hole in the roof above his bedroom. A subsequent fire caused structural damage and the house may not be safe. Mr Tubb is now faced with a repair bill of £250,000 and has lost most of his prized possessions as a result of the strike. The unlucky pensioner's troubles started in the early hours of the morning when he was awoken by a loud bang, the lighting was so bright that it lit up the whole house, with a flash so bright it shattered the mirrors in his house. Despite his best efforts to douse the flames, Mr Tubb was unable to prevent the fire from consuming much of his home, leaving him without many of his treasured possessions. The damage wrought by the fire was so extensive that Mr Tubb may have to demolish the property entirely, forcing him to start again from scratch. Mr Tubb, who is a widower, is now faced with a tough decision. He needs to find £250,000 to pay for the repairs and may also have to find a new place to live. In addition, he has lost most of the things that he has accumulated over his lifetime, including photographs and memorabilia. He said: "I know it might sound silly to some people, but my photos, my memories, are everything to me. I can't believe I've lost them all. I've just got to try and rebuild from here." The incident highlights the devastating impact that lightning strikes can have on both property and people. Mr Tubb's story is a timely reminder that everyone should be aware of the risks that come with living in areas prone to lightning strikes, and take appropriate steps to protect themselves and their homes. With Mr Tubb's future uncertain, he remains hopeful that he will be able to find a way to salvage something from the tragedy that has befallen him. In the meantime, he will have to keep his chin up and look towards the future, even as he struggles to come to terms with the loss of his home and possessions.