article: A British man threatened to kill an air stewardess and chop her up after she refused to serve him more alcohol, a court heard. The alleged incident took place on June 2 on an Emirates service from London to Dubai. A Dubai court was told that the threat was made by the 40-year-old, named only as A M, amid several outbursts of verbal abuse directed at cabin staff and unseemly behaviour that included throwing food at other passengers. Trial: A British man threatened to kill an Emirates air stewardess and chop her up after she refused to serve him more alcohol, a court heard . The defendant began drinking shortly before take off, the trial heard, and 20 minutes into the journey, The National reported. It reported the Indian flight attendant, 30, known only as B S, as saying: 'He was eating and throwing away food on the floor, then eating off the floor. 'I went to him and asked him to return to his seat and have his meal there. I then brought a garbage bag and started picking up the food he threw away. 'He also threw food on passengers around him and jumped from his seat to the aisle and started making a mess. Some passengers asked to change seats from near him.' A Dubai court was told that the threat was made by the 40-year-old, named only as A M, amid several outbursts of verbal abuse directed at cabin staff and unseemly behaviour that included throwing food at other passengers . B S also alleges that A M pulled on her shirt so hard that she felt pain, then told her that she was a 'sex slave'. The court then heard that he threatened to slap her, kill her and chop her up. Another attendant E M, 26, from Egypt, told the trial: 'I was ordered to attend to the problem and, when I did, I saw him jumping on his seat and pulling B S from her shirt, then insulting her with very bad words.' A M allegedly then set the plane's fire alarms off by smoking a cigarette in the toilet, which caused considerable worry among passengers. When he was told that he would be met by police once the plane had landed he responded with verbal aggression then fell asleep, the trial heard. He denies all charges and the trial has been adjourned until September 24. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: British man threatened to kill an Emirates air stewardess, Dubai court hears . He allegedly threatened to chop her up, after throwing food around . The ugly behaviour came after he was refused extra alcohol, trial told .
id: cc6341a732b3fd22783c71d2949b40fca4e047d8
chatgpt: A British man is currently standing trial in a Dubai court after allegedly threatening to kill an Emirates air stewardess during a long-haul flight. The disturbing incident reportedly occurred after the man was refused extra alcohol and became violent towards the cabin crew. According to court documents, the man threw food around the cabin and threatened to "chop up" the air stewardess if she did not comply with his demands. The incident was described as "ugly" and "disturbing" by witnesses and other passengers on the flight. Emirates staff testified that they had asked the man to calm down and stop causing a disturbance, but he refused to listen and continued to behave aggressively. They then made the decision to alert the authorities and have the man arrested upon arrival at the airport. During the trial, the man denied the allegations and claimed that he had been falsely accused by the cabin crew. He also stated that he had no memory of the incident due to being heavily intoxicated at the time. However, evidence presented in court contradicts the man's testimony. CCTV footage from the flight shows the man throwing objects around the cabin and being physically restrained by other passengers. The incident has caused concern among air travellers and has highlighted the issue of intoxicated passengers on flights. Airlines have taken measures to combat the problem, including limiting the amount of alcohol served on board and increasing the powers of cabin crew to refuse service to passengers who are drunk or causing a disturbance. The trial is ongoing and a verdict is expected to be reached in the coming weeks. If found guilty, the man could face a prison sentence and a significant fine. In a statement, Emirates stated that they take the safety and wellbeing of their passengers and crew seriously and that they have a zero-tolerance policy towards disruptive behaviour on board their flights. The incident serves as a reminder to all passengers to behave responsibly and respectfully while travelling by air. Any behaviour that poses a threat to the safety and security of other passengers and crew will not be tolerated and will be dealt with accordingly.