article: By . Nick Enoch . A mayor has sparked outrage by suggesting victims of bullying should 'grow a pair' and 'just stick up for them damned selves'. Cameron Hamilton, mayor or Porterville, California, made the remarks during a city council meeting earlier this month while discussing the issue of student safety. A series of 'Safe Zones' around town had been proposed, whereby children could seek refuge from bullies. Scroll down for video . Cameron Hamilton, mayor of Porterville, California, has sparked outrage by suggesting victims of bullying should 'grow a pair' and 'just stick up for them damned selves'. Above, the moment he made the comments during a council meeting earlier this month . At the council meeting, a series of 'Safe Zones' around Porterville (above) had been proposed, whereby children could seek refuge from bullies . But on the subject of the student-led programme, Hamilton said: 'I'm against bullying but I'm getting damn tired of it being used as a mantra for everything, and the ills of the world. 'Most people just have to grow a pair, and stick up for them damn selves.' Councilwoman Virginia Gurrola, who is in favour of the zones, replied: 'It's hard to just "grow a pair" when you're a 10-year-old girl.' Hamilton cast the only vote against further discussing the safety zones . His comments not only angered fellow council members but also gay rights advocates, according to Fox News. Melissa McMurrey of Gay Porterville said she felt attacked by the mayor's comments, given that some of the Safe Zones are mainly intended for young gay students. 'My feelings were really hurt and I was, essentially shocked by the end of it because it kind of felt like a little bit of a witch hunt, even though that was not the initial intention, from my understanding, of the Safe Zone project,' she told Abc 30. 'It's an opportunity for the community to come together, as a whole, and say that we're not going to take this bullying in our town,' she said. Porterville is a community of 55,000 residents 70 miles southeast of Fresno. Hamilton, who was elected mayor in 2008 and whose terms runs until 2016, cast the only vote against further discussing the safety zones. He said that although he is not anti-gay, he opposed the scheme because it would be expensive and expose the city to lawsuits if a Safe Zone became dangerous. The proposal will now not be discussed at next week's council meeting. Last year, the city was hit by controversy when the council rescinded a proclamation declaring June as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender pride month with a resolution calling June a month of community charity and good will to all.
highlights: Cameron Hamilton, mayor of Porterville, . California, was discussing proposal of Safe Zones around town where victims could seek refuge . Councilwoman . Virginia Gurrola replied at council meeting: 'It's hard to . just "grow a pair" when you're a 10-year-old girl' Gay rights advocates also angered by mayor's comments .
id: 62b631ec009e9742763db72a05c71bfae1538967
chatgpt: Porterville, California - Mayor Cameron Hamilton has caused outrage amongst gay rights advocates after dismissing a proposal to establish Safe Zones around town where victims can seek refuge. During a council meeting, Councilwoman Virginia Gurrola made a comment suggesting that it's difficult for young girls to protect themselves, to which Mayor Hamilton dismissed with the suggestion that they should simply "grow a pair."  The comment was met with immediate shock and anger from gay rights advocates who have been pushing for Safe Zones to be established in order to protect vulnerable individuals from hate crimes. The suggestion that victims could simply "grow a pair" ignores the reality of the situation and the immense emotional and physical trauma that victims of hate crimes can experience. Mayor Hamilton's comments also come at a time of increased tension in Porterville, where hate crimes have been on the rise. Gay rights advocates have been calling for increased protections for vulnerable individuals, including the establishment of Safe Zones where victims can seek refuge without fear of being attacked. Many members of the Porterville community were quick to voice their anger and disbelief at Hamilton's comments. Melissa Gomez, a local activist, spoke out against the comments saying, "It's hard enough to fight for justice and equality without having elected officials belittle and dismiss our experiences. Mayor Hamilton's comments are unacceptable and we demand that he apologize and take action to protect the most vulnerable members of our community. Gay rights advocates have been fighting for increased protections for years and have had some success in other parts of the country, where Safe Zones are now established in many towns and cities. These areas provide a safe haven for victims of hate crimes, including those targeted because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Many consider Mayor Hamilton's comments to be a step backwards in the fight for equality and justice. His dismissive attitude ignores the experiences of victims and undermines the hard work of dedicated activists who have been fighting for change for years. In response to the outcry, Mayor Hamilton released a statement apologizing for his comments and promising to work with gay rights advocates to find a solution that would help protect vulnerable individuals in Porterville. While some advocates remain skeptical of his willingness to make meaningful change, they are hopeful that this incident will bring increased attention to the need for Safe Zones and the ongoing fight for equality and justice in Porterville and beyond.