article: By . Sarah Griffiths . PUBLISHED: . 08:45 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:33 EST, 30 August 2013 . British mobile phone users are now able to call home and surf the internet while abroad without incurring extra charges. From today, Three has become the first UK mobile phone operator to allow holidaymakers to text and call the UK as well as go online within their current deal. However, the 'Feel at Home ' scheme has currently only been rolled out to selected countries across the globe and popular holiday destinations including France, Spain and the U.S are missing. British mobile phone users are now able to call home and surf the internet while abroad without incurring extra charges for the first time. Three became the first UK mobile phone operator to allow holidaymakers to text and call the UK, as well as go online, within their current deal . The scheme allows Three customers to use their phones in selected locations as if they are still in the UK, without getting billed extra for international roaming charges. Three's scheme starts today for customers . travelling to the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong . Kong, Sweden and Denmark. The service will automatically activate as soon as the phone enters any of these countries and picks up a local network. For many people, this will open up the prospect of using mapping services to navigate unfamiliar cities as well as social media sites to connect with friends back home without having to worry about being hit was a huge bill when they return home. Consumers will hope the move will spark a war among mobile phone network providers to let people use their phones abroad without worrying about the consequences. Three's 'Feel at Home' scheme has only been rolled out to seven countries across the globe but it is hoped the move could lead to no international roaming charges. Holidaymakers in Ireland, Australia, Italy (Rome's Colosseum is pictured left) Hong Kong, Sweden (right) and Denmark can use the service from today . Three describes it as ‘a new, simple and affordable way to stay in touch with friends and family back home while travelling overseas’. Customers with pay monthly contracts, pay-as-you-go and SIM-only packages, mobile broadband and business plans can use the service. However, customers who exceed their minutes or data allowance included in their price plan while abroad in any one of the seven countries will be subject to reduced roaming rates. People who make a call to a non-UK number will still be charged at the full roaming rate and tethering is not allowed under the scheme.
highlights: From today, Three customers can use their UK price plan instead of incurring international roaming charges in certain countries . The 'Feel at Home' scheme is initially only available in the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Sweden and Denmark . Thought the move will spark a . war among mobile phone network providers to let people use their phones . abroad without extra roaming charges .
id: 0440eb93621237cedddbd4bcdb6d7f5ce4875bc7
chatgpt: From today, Three customers in the UK can travel to certain countries without incurring any international roaming charges. This is a part of the company's 'Feel at Home' scheme, which was initially launched in 2013 to let customers use their existing data and call allowances without any surcharges. The scheme was confined to 19 countries earlier, but the latest expansion adds seven more countries to the list. Under the 'Feel at Home' scheme, Three customers can use their UK price plan while traveling in the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Sweden, and Denmark without paying any roaming charges. Customers can make calls, send texts, and use their data as if they were at home in the UK. The scheme is available for both pay-as-you-go and contract customers of Three, and they do not need to take any additional steps to avail of the scheme. This latest move from Three is expected to spark a war among mobile phone network providers to allow customers to use their phones abroad without incurring any extra roaming charges. Other major UK network providers, including Vodafone, O2, and EE, already have similar offers for their customers, but Three's move is expected to put more pressure on them to expand the scope of their schemes. Hughes Wason, Chief Marketing Officer at Three, said, "With our 'Feel at Home' proposition, customers don't have to worry about returning to unexpected charges on their mobile bills after they travel. We're committed to helping our customers stay connected to what matters most to them." According to a survey conducted by Three, UK travelers spent over £1.3bn on data roaming charges in 2016. This has prompted the company to expand its 'Feel at Home' scheme to more countries, and it plans to add more countries to the list soon. In recent years, the European Union has also made efforts to reduce roaming charges within its member states. In 2017, it abolished roaming charges for its member states, which has allowed UK visitors to use their mobile phones without paying any extra charges while traveling in the EU. However, that agreement is expected to change following the UK's exit from the European Union. Despite the UK's exit from the EU, UK-based mobile phone network providers are expected to continue to expand their schemes to let their customers use their phones abroad without incurring extra charges. This is good news for travelers, who can now stay connected to their loved ones without worrying about unexpected charges on their mobile bills.