article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:46 EST, 31 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:45 EST, 1 November 2013 . A Pittsburgh Penguin gave himself some dental work Wednesday night when, after taking a hockey stick to the face, he yanked out his own loose tooth. Right winger Pascal Dupuis hit the bench after taking an accidental blow from teammate Kris Letang at Consol Energy Center, but not to sit out the rest of the game. That's just where he went to perform the extraction. And there were almost two of them. 'I tried a second one, too, but it’s glued there,' the Quebec native said. Thwomp! Pittsburgh Penguins right winger Pascal Dupuis got a hockey stick to the face Wednesday night in a game against the Boston Bruins, knocking one of his teeth loose . Brave: Dupuis went ahead and yanked the tooth out himself in order to play on . Yep, that's mine: After prying it free with his bare hands, the Quebec native inspected the tooth and showed off his new gap . Safe keeping: Dupuis hands off the tooth to his trainer, who's standing by with latex gloves . Standing by like a dental assistant was Dupuis' trainer. 'Do you want to take it out so you don't swallow it,' the trainer asked. Before answering, Dupuis swiftly pulled it, and his trainer took the errant tooth as he went in to grab another one. 'Not something you see too often,' said Dupuis' teammate Sidney Crosby, who can be seen in video footage looking disgusted by the spectacle, told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. 'I said, "Hurry up, you’re grossing me out. Just get rid of it."' Crosby also shared another gory detail: . “[It] was part of a bridge, so I don’t think it hurt that much,' Crosby said. 'But I saw a steel rod in his tooth when it came out.' Like a true professional, Dupuis returned immediately to the ice following the gory procedure. Likely thanks more to his athleticism than to his dentistry skills, Dupuis' Penguins managed to gain a win against the Boston Bruins 3 to 2. 'I tried a second one, too, but it's glued there,' Dupuis said . Champ: Like a true professional Dupuis returned to the ice immediately after his gory procedure .
highlights: Pittsburgh Penguin Pascal Dupuis barely flinches as he yanks out his own tooth after being struck by a teammate's stick . 'I tried a second one, too, but it’s glued there' said the Canadian right winger .
id: 53be569792460723acf3b1eda5c229c4954191f8
chatgpt: Pittsburgh Penguin forward Pascal Dupuis exhibited extraordinary toughness and dedication to his team during a recent practice session. The Canadian right winger was struck in the mouth by a teammate's stick, which knocked out one of his teeth. Rather than seek the help of a trainer or dentist, Dupuis decided to take matters into his own hands and pull out the remaining tooth himself. In dramatic footage captured by the team's video crew, Dupuis can be seen reaching into his mouth and gripping the loose tooth with his fingers. With a quick yank, he pulls the tooth out of his jaw, barely flinching in the process. He then goes on to reveal that he even attempted to remove another tooth, but it was too firmly attached to go. Dupuis' actions are a testament to his level of commitment to his team. As a member of the Pittsburgh Penguins NHL squad, he knows that he must be in top form if the team is to succeed. The loss of a tooth might not seem like a serious injury, but it can greatly impact a player's ability to perform on the ice. With this in mind, Dupuis decided that the best course of action was to remove the tooth himself, rather than wait for medical assistance. Although some might view Dupuis' actions as reckless or even dangerous, his team and fans have come out to praise his bravery and dedication. In a statement released by the Pittsburgh Penguins organization, the team's head coach congratulated Dupuis for his tough-as-nails mentality, calling him "a true warrior on the ice." Dupuis himself has shrugged off any concerns about his actions, insisting that he was simply doing what was necessary to help his team. "It's part of the game," he said in a recent interview. "You get hit, you bleed, you lose teeth. It's not glamorous, but it's what we do." While Dupuis' self-dentistry might not be recommended for everyone, it's clear that his level of devotion and dedication to his team is unmatched. The Pittsburgh Penguins, currently in the midst of a playoff push, will no doubt be grateful to have such a fearless and determined player on their roster. In the end, Dupuis' tooth-pulling incident might go down as just another quirky and unusual moment in the long history of professional sports. But for those who witnessed it firsthand, it will forever be remembered as a testament to the grit and determination of one of the NHL's finest players.