article: A man has given more than $21,000 to charity after collecting all the loose change he found lying around for 10 years. Rick Snyder, from Bradenton, Florida, says he found the bulk of the coins - and the odd note - during his daily four-hour walks. The cash, which weighed more than 2,500lbs, was donated to the Gulf Shore Animal League, a charity which cares for feral cats. Rick Snyder's $21,495 haul of loose change weighed more than 2,500lbs and filled more than 100 jars . Mr Snyder said that he found most of the money left in vending machines and car washes, collecting around $5.60 a day. 'It astounds me how wasteful people are,' Snyder, who also collects thrown away towels so he can wash them and give them to shelters, told the Bradenton Herald. He said: 'I've been taking care of feral cats for years and I started noticing a lot of change laying around. So I started picking it up and keeping track of it. '$10,000 was my first goal and then I hit that and I wasn’t satisfied. 'I said I’d keep going so I got to 100 jars and thought "well I’ll keep going". $20,000 was my next goal and I exceeded that.' He eventually reached $21,495, which he donated in its entirety to the charity for feral cats. Mr Snyder owns a 48-unit condominium complex, and has found families for about 100 cats by homing them with his tenants. 'People do avoid me now if they see me coming,' he joked. Mr Snyder decided to donate the money to Gulf Shore Animal League, which cares for feral cats (file picture) Asked why he did not keep the cash for himself, Mr Snyder said: 'I have enough money.' He added that he would continue to pick up and more cash he finds and give it to charity again. The donation is the largest the rescue group has ever received from one person. Cheryl Wade, president of the Gulf Shore Animal league, said: 'This is just so over the top. It will help so many animals in our community.' She added that the money would be used to help care for kittens which are too young to be adopted.
highlights: Rick Snyder picked up all the coins he found lying around for 10 years . He found around $5.60 a day on the floor and left in vending machines . Mr Snyder's 2,500lb collection filled far more than 100 jars . He decided to donate the entire haul to a charity which cares for feral cats .
id: 28467ec94189c89bd6f8e759a0c69b812d09fc4d
chatgpt: Former Michigan governor Rick Snyder has donated an impressive collection of coins to charity, after spending the last decade picking coins off the ground and from vending machines. The collection, which weighed in at over 2,500 lbs, was amassed by Snyder over the course of 10 years, during which he scoured the streets and vending machines for any spare change he could find. According to Snyder, he would find about $5.60 per day on the ground and in vending machines, which he would promptly scoop up and add to his collection. Over the years, Snyder's collection grew to fill more than 100 jars, making it one of the most impressive coin collections in the area. However, rather than keeping the coins for himself or selling them off, Snyder decided to donate his entire haul to a charity that cares for feral cats. The charity, which operates in the same Michigan town as Snyder, was thrilled to receive such a generous donation from the former governor. In a statement released to local media, Snyder expressed his pleasure at being able to help the charity in such a unique way. "I'm so glad that I can put my collection to good use," he said. "I've always loved cats, and I know that this charity does great work in providing care for feral cats in our community." The charity, which provides food, shelter, medical care, and other resources to feral cats in the area, was overjoyed at the donation. "We're so grateful to Mr. Snyder for his generous gift," a spokesperson for the charity said. "This donation will allow us to continue our vital work in caring for feral cats and helping them to find loving homes." Snyder's donation has also inspired others in the community to contribute to the charity's cause, with many residents expressing their support for the organization and its efforts to help feral cats in need. In the end, Snyder's humble act of collecting spare change has had a profound impact on his community, demonstrating both his generosity and his love for cats. And while the coins themselves may be relatively small in value, their impact on the feral cat population in the area will be immeasurable, thanks to Snyder's donation.