article: Thirteen illegal immigrants have been found in a tanker containing plastic granules at Dover's Eastern Docks, in Kent. The men, eleven from Syria and two from Afghanistan, were fit and well when Border Force and Home Office immigration enforcement officers attended yesterday. No action is being taken against the tanker's driver. They are the latest group to be detained at Dover amid concerns from the British freight industry about migrants' increasingly desperate attempts to reach the UK from Calais. Scroll down for video . The illegal immigrant's attempt to enter the UK is the latest of migrant's increasingly desperate attempts to reach the UK from Calais (stock pics) All 13 migrants will be interviewed and passed into the care of the county's social services department if they are found to be minors. The Freight Transport Association (FTA) has described the number of migrants attempting to enter the country illegally as a 'worsening situation'. They are now calling on the European Union to bring in stricter border controls to deal with the problem. More than 3,000 people have signed an e-petition demanding the UK Government helps solve the problems faced by British truckers. On September 4, scores of illegal migrants in the French port of Calais tried to force their way onto a ferry bound for England. The desperate migrants had tried to run up the MyFerryLink ship. About 85 people had forced their way through a gate and climbed over fences, overpowering security staff. But they were foiled when crew raised the ramp before they could get to the ferry. In the second wave, 150 illegal immigrants gained entrance to the port but were stopped by police. Recently, French police have tried to break up the camps of illegal immigrants around Calais, but the migrants claim they have nowhere to go. They want fines of up to £2,000 per migrant, imposed on lorry drivers and hauliers if stowaways are caught hiding in their vehicles, to be abolished. Truckers have complained about armed attacks from people trying to board vehicles destined for the UK. A Home Office spokesman said: 'We work closely with the police to tackle illegal immigration and continue to strengthen the security of our border to stop those who have no right to enter the UK. 'If people have a genuine need of protection they should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach. 'If they are just seeking to evade immigration control they need to know that they are risking their lives and that they will get caught. 'The new Immigration Act makes it harder for people to live in the UK illegally. 'It makes it harder for illegal immigrants to abuse our benefits and public services, and makes it easier for us to remove them by reducing the number of appeals.'
highlights: All the men were found fit and well and have been detained by immigration . It is latest in increasingly desperate attempts by migrants to reach the UK . The Freight Transport Association are calling for tighter border controls . No action has been taken against the driver of the tanker .
id: 9f9047ecc9faf56c262a9bd18315648ce67b8840
chatgpt: A group of men attempting to reach the United Kingdom was discovered inside a tanker truck at the Port of Calais. Authorities found that all of the men were fit and well, but they have since been detained by immigration officials. The discovery is the latest in a series of increasingly desperate attempts by migrants to reach the UK. The use of tanker trucks and other vehicles has become more common as other routes have been closed off or made more difficult to navigate. The Freight Transport Association has sounded the alarm and called for tighter border controls to prevent these illegal immigration attempts. The association argues that the current system for checking vehicles is not effective enough, allowing migrants to smuggle themselves onto trucks and other commercial vehicles. Despite the discovery of the migrants, no action has been taken against the driver of the tanker. This has raised concerns among some who believe that drivers should be held accountable for ensuring that their vehicles are free of unauthorized passengers. Immigration officials have promised to investigate the incident thoroughly and work to prevent similar incidents in the future. Some have called for greater cooperation between authorities in different countries to address the root causes of illegal immigration attempts and help provide solutions for those seeking asylum or better economic opportunities. The incident at Calais underscores the ongoing challenges of managing migration and border control in Europe. Despite numerous efforts to curb illegal immigration and improve screening procedures, migrants continue to seek out new routes and methods of reaching their desired destinations. As authorities work to improve security, it is clear that a more comprehensive approach is needed that takes into account the underlying reasons why people migrate in the first place. This might involve greater investment in countries of origin or more effective collaboration between countries to address security and economic concerns. In the short term, however, there are steps that can be taken to prevent further incidents like the one at Calais. This might include more thorough and frequent vehicle checks, greater enforcement of penalties against drivers who are found to be complicit in smuggling operations, and increased cooperation between law enforcement agencies across borders. As the situation at Calais continues to unfold, it is clear that this issue will remain a pressing concern for policymakers and citizens alike. By working together and taking a comprehensive, multi-faceted approach, it may be possible to address the complex challenges of illegal immigration and provide a better future for all those involved.