article: (CNN) -- All-conquering rally champion Sebastien Loeb has told CNN that it is "too late" for him to consider a career switch to Formula One. The Frenchman, who has broken every record in the off-track motorsport in clinching a seventh consecutive world title this season, had his dreams dashed late last year when he was refused a licence to drive in F1. "I don't think it's potential for the future," Loeb told World Sport's Kate Giles when asked if still had any ambitions to drive in F1. "The story about Formula One started because Red Bull gave me the opportunity to test after my title in 2008, and everyone was very surprised that I was close to the times. "That gave the idea to Red Bull to make me drive in a race [in 2009 for feeder team Toro Rosso], and finally at the last everything was planned to do the last race of the season and the FIA didn't give me the licence for that. Blog: Vettel win ushers in new era . "Now I'm 36 years old and when you see some young drivers coming in, they're 20 years old, so maybe's it's a bit too late. If I have the opportunities to drive a Formula One car, for sure I will take it, but I've got no plan to do a career in that." Loeb bounced back from that disappointment to take out his frustrations on his rally rivals this year, clinching another crown in his hometown of Haguenau early last month. "It was really special for me. A few years ago I couldn't expect to have a rally in my hometown," he said. "Now I had it this year and I finally won the rally and the championship in the same place, so for sure it was a lot of emotion and a great atmosphere, a really good rally. There were a lot of fans, my family was here and my friends, so it was really good." Loeb has dominated the World Rally Championship with Citroen, having won a record 64 races ahead of this weekend's season-ending event in Wales, Britain. He claimed his first victory in Germany in 2002 and was then championship runner-up by just one point the following year as Citroen made a fulltime entry to the competition. So how does he maintain motivation after sweeping all behind him in the past seven years? "My motivation is just because I like what I do. I enjoy driving, I enjoy the fight and the competition. My goal next year will be to get another title," Loeb said. He revealed, however, that he is getting near the end of his rally career. It's on my mind, yes, but when I don't know. I will drive next year, that's the plan. For the future, I have no idea at the moment, I will drive as long as I am motivated. And for the future I will maybe have some other plans, but not specially in Formula One."
highlights: Sebastien Loeb confirms that he will not be trying to earn a deal in Formula One . The Frenchman has clinched a record seventh consecutive world rally title . He was refused a licence to race in F1 last year by ruling body the FIA . The 36-year-old says he plans to continue in rallying next year and win another title .
id: e7924106f3e88ef0ba01131779e9a113b57db05b
chatgpt: Sebastien Loeb, the French rally driver widely considered as one of the greatest in history, has confirmed that he has no plans to try to earn a deal in Formula One. The news comes after Loeb clinched a record seventh consecutive world rally title, further cementing his reputation as an icon in the world of motorsport. Last year, the ruling body of F1, the FIA, refused to grant Loeb a licence to race in the sport, despite his consistent domination of rallying over the past decade. Loeb had expressed an interest in making the switch to F1, but was ultimately prevented from doing so by the FIA's decision. Despite this setback, Loeb has continued to impress in his chosen discipline, and has now confirmed that he has no intention of switching to F1 in the near future. Speaking after his latest victory, Loeb said that he was planning to continue in rallying next year and was aiming to win another world championship title. "I still have a lot of passion for rallying, and I feel like there is still a lot I can achieve in this sport," Loeb said. "Winning a seventh consecutive title was a huge achievement for me, but I'm not done yet. I'm already looking ahead to next year, and I'm determined to defend my title and go for number eight." Loeb's decision not to pursue a career in F1 may come as a surprise to some, given his immense talent and success in rallying. However, he has previously spoken about the difficulties of making the transition between the two sports, citing the vastly different driving styles and techniques required. "F1 is a very different type of racing to rallying," Loeb said. "The cars are faster, the tracks are very different, and the way the races are run is completely different. It would be a huge challenge for me to adapt to that kind of racing, and I'm not sure I'm ready for it yet." Despite his reservations about F1, Loeb's dominance of the rallying world has earned him a legion of fans and admirers, many of whom consider him to be the greatest driver of his generation. His achievements include not only his seven consecutive world titles, but also a total of 79 rally wins and numerous other records and accolades. Despite his success, however, Loeb remains modest and focused on his goals. "I never take anything for granted in this sport," he said. "Every race is a challenge, and every year is a new opportunity to prove myself. I'm looking forward to the challenges that lie ahead, and I hope to continue to make my fans proud."