article: By . Paul Donnelley for MailOnline . It's supposed to be the happiest holiday of your life – when you and your loved one have a wonderful time and want to share your good times with friends and family and recently thanks to social media the world at large. At least that is what a Neapolitan woman thought when she posted photographs of her honeymoon on her Facebook page. Following a marital row her husband demanded that the photographs be taken down because he had not given his permission and even took his wife to court to force the issue. Scroll down for video . If only the pictures posted online had been as unobtrusive as these (File photo) Now a Naples court has not only agreed with him but the wife may have to pay him damages. The pictures were taken on the couple's honeymoon 10 years ago and included photos of the pair cuddling and kissing. In her defence, the wife's lawyer claimed that 'the use of social networks is now so advanced that we can consider a Facebook wall to be not unlike a private photo album'. To her horror the court found that the publication of a photo on the internet is 'significantly worse' than any other form of publication because privacy cannot be guaranteed by the user. The court in Naples (above) found for the husband and now he may receive damages from his wife (File photo) The court found that the woman had broken Article 10 of the civil code and 'certainly violated the right to privacy of her husband'. She also fell foul of legislation from 1941 which says that the portrait of a person cannot be displayed, reproduced or sold without the subject's consent. The decision was welcomed by the husband's lawyer, Ciro Renino, who said: 'It's an unprecedented decision, which will provide a point of reference for Facebook users.'
highlights: After a row, he demanded she take down the 10-year-old photographs . Her lawyer said Facebook was 'not unlike a private photo album' Neapolitan court disagreed and may order her to pay him compensation .
id: aacebff0ed9628eaa99b76bab8963c6a43bceaa1
chatgpt: An Italian court in Naples has ruled in favor of a man who demanded that his ex-partner take down 10-year-old photographs of him from her Facebook page. The man, whose name has not been disclosed, had reportedly demanded that his ex-girlfriend remove the images after a heated row between the two. The woman refused to remove the pictures, prompting the man to take legal action against her. The case was brought before the court on the grounds that the photographs were an invasion of the man's privacy. The man's lawyer argued that Facebook was "not unlike a private photo album" and that his client had every right to demand the removal of images that he did not want to be publicly available. The court, however, did not agree with this argument and ruled in favor of the woman. The judges said that Facebook was a public platform and that images posted on the social media platform were not considered to be private. They also argued that the images in question were taken in a public place and did not violate the man's privacy. Despite this ruling, it remains unclear whether the woman in question will be required to pay compensation to the man for her refusal to remove the photographs. The court has yet to make a decision on this matter. The case highlights the complex issues surrounding privacy in the age of social media. While individuals have the right to privacy, the public nature of social media means that images posted online can become widely accessible. This raises important questions about who has the right to demand the removal of images and what constitutes an invasion of privacy. As social media continues to play an increasingly important role in daily life, it is likely that these issues will become increasingly important in the years to come. This case is a reminder that individuals should be careful when posting images online and be aware of the implications of doing so.