article: By . Simon Jones for MailOnline . Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Bowyer has travelled to India for a crunch meeting with owners Venky's after they rejected Hull City's bid of £10million plus Alex Bruce for Jordan Rhodes. Blackburn issued a statement on Saturday confirming that they had rejected two offers from Hull and that Rhodes was not for sale but Bowyer needs funds to strengthen his squad and may yet be forced to sacrifice the prolific striker. Hull have £12m to spend following the sale of Shane Long and may be prepared to throw all of that at Blackburn to get Rhodes who scored in yesterday's 3-2 win over Bournemouth, his 54th in 100 appearances for the club. Transfer: Jordan Rhodes has been the subject of two separate bids from Premier League side Hull City . Manager Steve Bruce is desperate to bring in a striker. He has been rebuffed in attempts to bring in Danny Welbeck from Manchester United so far and believes Troy Deeney of Watford to be too expensive at £10m. He is also closing on a deal for Tottenham defender Michael Dawson and will increase his offer for the 30-year-old this week to around £5m but his main objective is to sign a goalscorer and Bowyer's meeting in India could prove pivotal. FFP: Blackburn were worried they would have to sell Rhodes to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations . Blackburn's director of communications Alan Myers said: 'We have recently received two official bids for the services of Jordan Rhodes from Hull City FC, both have been respectfully and categorically rejected. 'The owners of Blackburn Rovers wish to reassure fans that their intention is not to sell Jordan Rhodes as they, along with the manager and board of directors, feel that he is integral to our bid to gain promotion back to the Premier League. 'Despite the necessity to comply with and address the pending restrictions of FFP regulations, the owners feel it would be a detrimental step to lose our top goalscorer and such an icon of this football club. Tally: The Scotland international has scored 53 goals in 99 appearances for Championship side Blackburn . 'We made our intentions clear this summer when we rewarded Jordan with a new and improved contract and we stand by that. 'We want to give Gary Bowyer and the team the best possible opportunity to get back to the top flight and Jordan has been and remains a significant part of that aim. 'It is also important to acknowledge that Jordan has acted, unsurprisingly, in a totally professional manner during this period of speculation.' It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager .
highlights: Blackburn claim that striker Jordan Rhodes is not for sale . Manager Gary Bowyer needs funds to strengthen his squad . Hull City have two bids for the striker rejected . Steve Bruce is keen to replace Shane Long, who moved to Southampton .
id: 7d43d441798d3df2a3531d29cbee320a417887c2
chatgpt: Blackburn Rovers have made it clear that striker Jordan Rhodes is not for sale despite receiving two rejected bids from Hull City. The Tigers have been on the hunt for a new striker to replace Shane Long, who recently moved to Southampton. However, Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer has stated that he needs the services of Rhodes to strengthen his squad for the upcoming season. Rhodes, who signed for Blackburn in 2012 for a fee of £8m, has been a consistent performer for the Lancashire club. He netted 21 goals in 46 appearances last season and has been attracting attention from various Premier League clubs. However, Blackburn are determined to hold on to their star forward amidst speculations of a move away from the club. "We have no intention of selling Jordan Rhodes. He's a crucial part of our plans for the future, and we believe that he will help us achieve our goals this season,” Bowyer stated. "We understand that there will be interest in a player of his calibre, but we are confident that he will stay with us and help us push for promotion." Hull City have been actively looking for a replacement for Long and saw Rhodes as the ideal candidate. The Tigers reportedly made two bids for the striker, with Blackburn rejecting both. Hull City manager Steve Bruce is said to be disappointed with the club's failure to secure Rhodes' services but has praised Blackburn's stance. "Jordan Rhodes is a quality player, and we would have loved to have him in our squad this season. However, Blackburn have made it clear that he is not for sale, and we respect their decision. We will continue our search for a striker who fits our system," Bruce said. It remains to be seen if Hull City will make a third bid for Rhodes or turn their attention to other potential targets. Blackburn, on the other hand, will be hoping that Rhodes continues to perform at the same level and helps them achieve promotion to the Premier League. The club finished eighth in the Championship last season and will be looking to improve on their performance this year. The transfer window is expected to remain active until the end of August, and clubs will be looking to add quality players to their squads. Blackburn Rovers' stance on Jordan Rhodes could set an example for other clubs looking to hold on to their prized possessions amidst speculation of a possible sale. The coming weeks will undoubtedly be exciting for football fans as we witness an array of transfer activity across Europe’s top leagues.