article: (CNN) -- The number of aging men and women in U.S. prisons is growing rapidly, Human Rights Watch said Friday, and it expressed concern for their care behind bars. Because of their age, older prisoners incur medical costs that are three to nine times as high as those for younger prisoners, the campaign group said in its 106-page report, titled "Old Behind Bars: The Aging Prison Population in the United States." Prison officials are hard-pressed to provide the appropriate housing and medical care for older prisoners, the report says. "Prisons were never designed to be geriatric facilities," said Jamie Fellner, a senior adviser to the U.S. program at Human Rights Watch and author of the report. "Yet U.S. corrections officials now operate old age homes behind bars." Human Rights Watch pointed out that life sentences mean those prisoners reach old age in prison. Almost 10% of state prisoners are serving a life sentence, it said, and another 11.2% have sentences longer than 20 years. Prisons face a number of challenges in caring for these prisoners, the group said. They include tight budgets, prison architecture not designed for age-related disabilities, limited medical facilities and staff, lack of support from elected officials, and the pressures of day-to-day operations. It is equally as difficult for the older prisoners themselves who may be frail or impaired. Prison rules and customs weren't designed with them in mind, Human Rights Watch said. "Walking a long distance to the dining hall, climbing up to a top bunk, or standing for count can be virtually impossible for some older prisoners," the group said. "Incontinence and dementia impose their own burdens." Human Rights Watch called for changes to harsh sentencing rules regarding long mandatory minimum sentences and reduced opportunities for parole. It also called for changes to prison facilities and medical care, as well as prison rules that are tough on older prisoners. "How are justice and public safety served by the continued incarceration of men and woman whose bodies and minds have been whittled away by age?" Fellner asked.
highlights: Group says medical costs and prison facilities are not equipped for older prisoners . The number of older prisoners in the U.S. is growing, it says . It calls for changes to harsh sentencing rules and care behind bars .
id: 57f240278c43b9560f2ba2f737bb29b6b3a2c033
chatgpt: A recent report released by the group Human Rights Watch is calling attention to the issue of older prisoners in the United States. The report claims that medical costs and prison facilities are not equipped to handle the growing number of elderly individuals serving time behind bars. According to the report, the number of older prisoners in the U.S. is on the rise. Between 2007 and 2016, the number of state and federal prisoners aged 55 and older more than doubled, from 43,300 to 87,900. This is due, in part, to an increase in lengthy prison sentences for drug and other non-violent offenses, as well as the aging of the baby boomer population. The report argues that many older prisoners are in need of specialized medical care that the prison system is not equipped to provide. Chronic conditions such as heart disease, diabetes, and cancer, are more prevalent in older individuals and require a higher level of care. The report notes that medical costs associated with this care are also increasing, putting a strain on already overstretched resources. In addition to medical care, the report highlights the lack of facilities geared toward elderly prisoners. Many prisons are not designed to accommodate older adults, with issues such as stairs, narrow hallways, and inadequate bathroom facilities presenting significant challenges. The report states that these conditions can exacerbate existing health problems and contribute to an overall decline in physical and mental wellbeing. The Human Rights Watch report is calling for changes to harsh sentencing rules and improvements to care for older prisoners. It says that reforms to the criminal justice system are needed to address the underlying issues that have led to the rise in older prisoners. These include mandatory minimum sentences, three-strikes laws, and harsh drug sentencing laws, which disproportionately affect people of color and low-income individuals. The report also calls for the implementation of specialized facilities for older prisoners, staffed with trained medical professionals and equipped to handle the unique needs of this population. The report argues that such facilities would help to keep costs down and improve the quality of care for elderly prisoners. As the number of older prisoners in the US continues to grow, it is clear that changes are needed to ensure that they receive the care and support they require. The Human Rights Watch report is a call to action, urging lawmakers to take a closer look at the criminal justice system and the needs of an aging population behind bars.