article: Expectant father Adam Scott shot a three-under-par round of 69 on Friday to close within two shots of the lead at the halfway stage of the Australian PGA championship. Scott, who revealed before the start of play that his wife is pregnant with their first child, followed up his opening-round 68 to head into the weekend at seven-under-par. That left the world number three alone in third place, just two strokes behind his fellow Australians Wade Ormsby and Scott Strange, who finished at nine-under. Adam Scott, pictured playing his approach to the sixth green, shot a second round 69 at the Australian Open . Scott watches his shot head towards the eighth green on a day which saw him get to third on the leaderboard . Scott putts with his belly putter on the first hole at Royal Pines resort on day two of his home tournament . American Boo Weekley, who led overnight after the first round was suspended because of thunderstorms, fired an even-par 72 to remain at six-under but dropped back to fourth place on a heavily congested leaderboard. Six players, including Nick Cullen, who beat Scott by a shot to win last month's Australian Masters, ended the day at five-under while a total of 44 players were under par. Conditions on day two were perfect at the Royal Pines Resort Queensland, near where Scott was raised, and the defending champion made four birdies but gave back a shot with a bogey at the par-four 13th hole. 'I really want to finish this off with a win and hang on to trophy this year and go into next year feeling a little bit chuffed with myself,' Scott told reporters. 'It was really solid golf from tee to green today, just a bit frustrated not to take advantage of a few more of the holes.' Home crowd favourite Wade Ormsby shot a second round 67 to cement his place at the top of the leaderboard . Scott Strange, pictured playing a shot on the ninth hole, shot a stunning round of 66 on day two in Australia . Ormsby and Strange had contrasting rounds. After making a bogey on his opening hole, Ormsby made an eagle at his third, the par-five 12th, then reeled off four birdies in a row from the 14th. He made another birdie on the third hole, his 12th, then made a late bogey for a round of 67. Strange produced the round of the day, a flawless six-under-par 66. He made a solid start, with two birdies on his front nine, before picking up four more on the run home, including one on his last hole to join Ormsby in the lead. 'I think we got the right side of the draw with the storms and that rolling in yesterday and this morning with the rain,' said Strange. 'So I took advantage of it and played nice today.'
highlights: Wade Ormsby and Scott Strange are both at nine-under-par . Adam Scott sits two shots behind the pair after a second round 69 . Boo Weekley and Nick Cullen also near the top of the leaderboard .
id: 42635604d3d67956e23a2f5b33efbc8dcbe4552e
chatgpt: Wade Ormsby and Scott Strange Sit Atop Leaderboard at Fiji International  Wade Ormsby and Scott Strange are tied for the lead at nine-under-par after the second round of the Fiji International. Adam Scott sits just two shots behind the pair after shooting a 69 in the second round. Boo Weekley and Nick Cullen are also in contention, sitting near the top of the leaderboard. Ormsby had a solid second round, carding a four-under-par 68 to move into a share of the lead. The Australian golfer had five birdies on the day, including three on his front nine. Strange also had a strong day, shooting a three-under-par 69, thanks to four birdies and a single bogey. Scott, the highest-ranked player in the field, had an up-and-down day, with four birdies and three bogeys. Despite the rollercoaster round, the former world number one is still within striking distance heading into the weekend. Weekley, who has not won a tournament since 2013, had a solid second round, shooting a four-under-par 68. Cullen also had a good day, carding a two-under-par 70 to move into a tie for fifth place. Several big names failed to make the cut, including former Masters champion Vijay Singh, who shot a disappointing 79 in the second round to finish 11-over-par. Defending champion Jason Norris also missed the cut, as did American player Jonathan Byrd. The Fiji International is being held at the Natadola Bay Golf Course in Fiji, and is the only tournament on the PGA Tour of Australasia to be co-sanctioned with the European Tour. The tournament has attracted a strong field, with former major winners Ernie Els and Geoff Ogilvy among those competing. The tournament marks a return to form for Ormsby, who has struggled on the PGA Tour of Australasia this season. The 37-year-old has missed the cut in four of his last six events, and has not finished inside the top-10 since February. Strange, meanwhile, is looking for his first victory on the PGA Tour of Australasia since the 2011 New Zealand Open. The 42-year-old has struggled with consistency this season, but has shown signs of improvement in recent weeks. Scott will be looking to bounce back from the disappointment of missing the cut at the US PGA Championship earlier this month. The 37-year-old has not won a tournament since the 2016 WGC-Cadillac Championship, but has shown flashes of form this season. The third round of the Fiji International gets underway on Saturday, with Ormsby and Strange set to tee off in the final group. Scott will go out in the penultimate group alongside Weekley, while Cullen will tee off in the group ahead of them.