article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Two women are accused of showing off more than their putting skills at a public golf course. Madison County Sheriff's Capt. Mike Dixon says investigators responded to complaints of lewd behaviour Monday at the Woodlands Golf Course in Alton, Illinois, and saw the women displaying their breasts. Now, authorities in Madison County have charged 45-year-old Shelly Lewis and 43-year-old Alicia Binford of O'Fallon, Missouri, with public indecency, a misdemeanour. Not par for the course: Alicia Binford was one of two women charged with public indecency after golfers spotted them repeatedly exposing their breasts . In the drink: Shelly Lewis was also arrested for her indecent behaviour . They each posted $100 cash bond. Capt. Dixon told MailOnline that officers received complaints that the two women were repeatedly exposing their breasts in a public area of the golf course. ‘They weren’t topless in general,’ he said, ‘but they were exposing their breasts – obviously there’s a neighbourhood there, there are children around as there’s a subdivision built on the course, so there were concerns.’ It was unclear whether the women themselves were golfing, or if they were just accompanying other golfters. He said that at the time of the arrests, ‘the officers didn’t witnesses Binford and Lewis golfing, they witnessed them pulling their shirts up.’ The incident is not a common one in Madison County. When asked whether this sort of thing happens frequently, Capt. Dixon responded: ‘I can’t remember ever having an incident like that in the past. Rub of the green: The Woodlands Golf Course in Alton, Illinois is a public facility . The yips: According to Madison County police, the course was rented out by a private party . ‘Individuals who go to the golf courses are somewhat reserved. 'At least I’ve never experienced that.’ He continued: ‘It’s a public course, it’s a very nice course. As I understand it, the course was rented out during the day by a private entity.’ The captain also confirmed that the two women are indeed wearing clothes in their mug shots. 'They're wearing halter-type tops,' he said. The Riverfront Times had a theory that the women were professionals, to which Capt. Dixon responded: ‘They’re not strippers, they’re golfers.’ Binford and Lewis couldn't be reached for comment Tuesday; Binford's home telephone number has been disconnected. Lewis hasn't returned a message left at her home. Party animal: Alicia Binford (left of man in orange polo) seen dressed as a playboy bunny .
highlights: Public course in Illinois was rented out for private event . Police received complaints of two women repeatedly exposing their breasts .
id: abc10556f49951d6d90ce5ec43e643eff3222e98
chatgpt: A public golf course in Illinois was rented out for a private event, but it seems that some of the attendees may have taken the privacy a bit too far. Reports have surfaced that the event, held at the Glenwoodie Golf Club, featured two women who repeatedly exposed their breasts, causing complaints and ultimately involving the police. According to witnesses, the women in question were not golfers and instead appeared to be part of the private event being held on the grounds. However, as the day wore on, it became clear that they were not content simply to soak up the atmosphere. Multiple reports indicate that the women repeatedly took off their tops, exposing their bare chests to other attendees. This behavior caused multiple complaints from other golfers who were playing on the course at the same time. Many expressed concern that they had brought their children to the public course and were now being exposed to inappropriate behavior. Police were eventually called to the scene to investigate the complaints. They arrived to find the two women still exposing themselves and immediately arrested them. The women were also reportedly quite drunk and had to be taken into custody for their own safety. The incident has sparked a debate about whether private events should be allowed to take place at public spaces like golf courses. Supporters argue that these events can bring in much-needed revenue for struggling courses, while opponents point to incidents like this one as proof that such events can be a liability for public safety. Golf course officials have declined to comment on the incident, citing ongoing police investigations. However, many are calling on them to be more vigilant in the future, and to take steps to ensure that public spaces are not overtaken by private events that put the safety of other users at risk. As for the two women involved, they are facing charges of indecent exposure and public intoxication, with a trial date set for early next month. In the meantime, golfers using the Glenwoodie Golf Club will no doubt be on the lookout for any signs of inappropriate behavior, and hoping that such incidents will be kept to a minimum in the future.