article: (CNN)  -- Roberto Mancini believes Carlos Tevez should apologize to Manchester City fans after the Argentina star changed his mind and decided to stay at Eastlands. Tevez stunned the City faithful when he said he wanted to leave the English Premier League side, citing personal issues. It led to a stand off with Mancini, which was resolved when Tevez had a change of heart, although doubts remain about his long-term future with the club. The saga was reminiscent of Wayne Rooney's situation at city rivals Manchester United, where the England star said he wanted to leave before a very public climb down and apology. Football's heroes and villains of 2010 . Now Mancini is advising Tevez to take a similar course of action. "I don't know. Maybe he should apologize," Mancini told the official Manchester City website. Despite the furore, Tevez retained the captain's armband for the 2-1 home defeat to Everton on Monday. The shock loss was a setback to City's title challenge and Mancini added: . "It is important now that Carlos plays well and scores goals. "But the fans still love him." Ahead of City's Boxing Day trip to Newcastle, Mancini had more words of advice for his summer signing Mario Balotelli. The striker has won plaudits for his goalscoring ability, but Mancini wants him to show more battling qualities. "You must also put your heart and your strength on the pitch, he said. "I know a lot of players, good players like Mario, who did not play football in a top team because of this." Mancini is set to recall controversial midfielder Nigel de Jong to his side for the trip to St James' Park. The Dutchman has just served a one-game ban after picking up five bookings, but it was his challenge on Newcastle's Hatem Ben Arfa in the home match in October which gained notoriety, although it went unpunished by referee Martin Atkinson. Ben Arfu was left with a broken leg, but Mancini said the controversy would not affect his selection. "It has not affected Nigel and I never thought about leaving him out," he said.
highlights: Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez should apologize to Manchester City fans . Tevez said he wanted to leave Eastlands before changing his mind . Mancini calls on Mario Balotelli to show more commitment .
id: 6d92969055f09f83684ad80dc54b715aaffd0ec3
chatgpt: Manchester City manager, Roberto Mancini, has called on Argentine striker Carlos Tevez to apologize to Manchester City fans. Tevez, who had previously said that he wanted to leave Manchester City, has since changed his mind, but Mancini believes that he needs to make amends for his actions. Speaking to reporters, Mancini said, "Carlos is a great player, but he needs to apologize to the Manchester City fans for the way he acted. They have supported him throughout his time at the club, and he needs to show them more respect." Tevez had originally stated that he wanted to leave City in order to be closer to his family in Argentina. However, following discussions with his representatives, he decided to stay at the club for the remainder of the season. Mancini also called on Italian striker Mario Balotelli to show more commitment to the team. Balotelli, who has a reputation for being a difficult player to manage, has reportedly been causing problems in the dressing room. "Mario is a talented player, but he needs to show more commitment to the team," said Mancini. "He has the potential to be one of the best players in the world, but he needs to work harder and be more disciplined." City fans will be hoping that both Tevez and Balotelli can put their issues behind them and focus on helping the team to achieve success this season. The club is currently in second place in the Premier League, behind their bitter rivals Manchester United. The team will also be looking to make progress in the Champions League, where they have been drawn against Real Madrid, Ajax, and Borussia Dortmund in the group stage. Despite the challenges ahead, Mancini remains confident that his team can compete at the highest level. "We have a great squad of players," he said. "If we can work together and stay focused, there is no reason why we can't win trophies this season."  Manchester City will hope Mancini's words will have a positive impact on the players and boost their chances of success this season.