article: (CNN) -- Rory McIlroy battled back from a poor start to claim his second straight major title in the fading gloom of Valhalla Sunday with a one-shot victory over Phil Mickelson in the PGA Championship. In near pitch darkness, the 25-year old from Northern Ireland parred the final hole for a three-under 68 to finish on 16-under 268 and deny American veteran Mickelson his sixth major title at 44 years of age. McIlroy was winning the Wanamaker Trophy for the second time and his fourth major, consolidating his status as world number one. The overnight leader trailed Rickie Fowler by three shots as he turned for his back nine but rekindled his hopes with a stunning eagle on the par-five 10th to go 14-under. But up ahead, Fowler was joined on 15-under by playing partner Mickelson and Sweden's Henrik Stenson, who was also making a tremendous last round charge. McIlroy, bidding for his third straight victory after his British Open and WGC-Bridgestone titles, refused to be daunted and a birdie on the 13th saw him draw level. First Stenson, then Fowler and Mickelson dropped shots to go back to 14-under and when McIlroy birdied the 17th he led by two playing the last. With the light fading fast, Fowler and Mickelson agreed to let McIlroy and his last day partner Bernd Wiesberger of Austria to also hit their tee shots on the 18th, effectively playing it as a fourball. McIlroy nearly found the water with his drive and had to settle for his par, while Mickelson made his birdie to edge ahead of Fowler and Stenson into second place. American pair Jim Furyk and Ryan Palmer finished on 12-under in joint fifth. McIlroy thanked Mickelson and Fowler for their sportsmanship as he accepted the trophy and said there was never any doubt in his mind he would finish the job Sunday. "I wanted to win this thing and get out of here," he said. His latest triumph completed a remarkable run for McIlroy, who had endured a difficult 2013 after first PGA Championship success two years ago. "I'd never dreamed I'd have a summer like this," he admitted. Only the U.S. Masters title now eludes McIlroy to complete a full set of the majors and he will surely focus his efforts on the 2015 edition at Augusta in search of a hat-trick of successes at golf's highest level.
highlights: Rory McIlroy wins PGA Championship at Valhalla . Second straight major for world number one . Has to withstand challenge from U.S. pair Mickelson and Fowler . Tournament finishes in gloom after rain delay .
id: 25e1cc30ad6350150e2de528df1c745690f83a6b
chatgpt: Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy won the 96th PGA Championship at Valhalla, showing no signs of slowing down his impressive run of form. McIlroy emerged victorious in a thrilling contest, becoming the first player since Padraig Harrington in 2008 to win consecutive majors. Despite facing stiff competition from Americans Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler, McIlroy retained his number one world ranking by finishing with a three under par 68, two shots ahead of his rivals. He also became the first European player to win three of the four majors since Nick Faldo achieved the feat in 1996. McIlroy started the day with a one-shot lead but that quickly evaporated after his opening tee shot missed the fairway. However, the Northern Irishman maintained his composure and made crucial birdies at crucial moments throughout the round, including back-to-back birdies on the 16th and 17th holes. Mickelson and Fowler refused to give up without a fight, with the former making a late charge by birdying the final two holes. Fowler too played solidly but eventually finished in a tie for third place with Henrik Stenson, three shots behind McIlroy. The tournament was not without its drama, with a prolonged rain delay causing gloom to descend on Valhalla. The delay, which lasted almost two hours, meant that players had to wait before they could resume play. However, McIlroy remained unfazed, and he responded brilliantly after play resumed, completing his round with four birdies and just one bogey. McIlroy spoke of his delight after clinching his fourth major title, stating: "It's just incredible. To win two in a row, to win three out of four, to be able to call myself a four-time major champion, I just can't put it into words." The win marks an extremely successful year for McIlroy, who also won the Open Championship at Royal Liverpool in July. With the final major of the year, the US Open, now firmly in his sights, few would bet against the Northern Irishman becoming only the sixth player in history to win all four majors. Overall, McIlroy's performance at Valhalla demonstrates his immense talent and ability to compete under pressure. The world number one has now firmly cemented his place in golfing history and looks set to add to his already impressive list of accolades in the years to come.