article: A woman who lost part of her leg in the Boston Marathon bombing abruptly walked off the set Friday during an interview for the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' after the names of the bombing suspects were mention, even though network officials allegedly told her they would not be spoken. Dancer Adrianne Haslet-Davis was invited to appear on 'Meet the Press,' which airs on Sunday mornings, as part of a roundtable discussion to mark the one-year of the horrific event, which happened on April 15, 2013. Before she appeared on the program, Haslet-Davis says she was assured by the show's producers that Dzokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev's, the names of the bombing suspects, not be spoken. Boston Marathon bombing survivor  Adrianne Haslet-Davis walked out of an interview for NBC's 'Meet the Press' on Friday after the names of the bombing suspects were mentioned. Haslet-Davis lost part of her left leg as a result of the bombing . However, their names were mentioned, and Haslet-Davis stormed off the set, crying. She has not said the names of the Tsarnaev brothers sicne the bombing. Boston Marathon suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, who is awaiting trial . She then went on Twitter to vent about the experience. 'I feel so disrespected @meetthepress I asked politely yesterday and you said yes. Now you choose to use the name instead,' Haslet-Davis wrote. Cannot believe @meetthepress chose to use the bombers name instead of respecting their guest. Had to walk off set crying,' read another tweet. She later posted an open letter on her website about the experience. 'I did specifically ask of two things for this interview, one being that . his name (and you know to whom I refer to) not be mentioned in my . presence,' Haslet-Davis wrote. 'Your decision to back out on that promise you made and the . horrific way you brought that decision to my attention just minutes . prior to taping was not only a cowardice move but a dishonorable one as . well. To say that I am hurt is an understatement,' she added. Haslet-Davis said that the other request that was not honored was to be referred to as a survivor, not a victim. NBC News responded to Haslet-Davis' tweets and letter with a statement Friday evening. The moment an explosion rocked the Boston Marathon near the finish line on April 15, 2013 . 'Adrianne Haslet-Davis is an inspiring survivor with an important story to share. She was due to take part in a roundtable discussion for Meet the Press with three other participants. She requested that the alleged bombers’ names not be used in the entire program, but given the nature of the discussion we couldn’t make that guarantee. We regret any distress caused by this miscommunication.' Haslet-Davis has made a strong recovery since the bombing which resulted in her leg beign amputated mid-calf. Last month, she performed a dance using a bionic leg. David Gregory, host of the Sunday program 'Meet the Press' on NBC .
highlights: Adrianne Haslet-Davis was to be interviewed to coincide with the one-year anniversary of the bombing next week . She claims NBC producers assured her the names of bombing suspects Dzokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev would not be mentioned in the interview . Haslet-Davis took to Twitter, venting that she felt 'so disrespected' NBC News has acknowledged Haslet-Davis' request, but said that they couldn't guarantee it given the nature of the discussion .
id: 0e76ff0fcdec2f7741719d62c48d02deb4277c41
chatgpt: Adrianne Haslet-Davis was set to participate in an interview with NBC to mark the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombing. However, she claims that NBC producers have failed to honor their promise not to mention the names of the bombers in the interview. Haslet-Davis, who lost her leg in the bombing, took to Twitter to express her disappointment, saying that she felt "so disrespected." The interview was to focus on Haslet-Davis' journey to recovery and the challenges she has faced over the past year. She was happy to participate in the interview, hoping that it would help raise awareness and show others that it is possible to overcome obstacles. However, her excitement turned to frustration when she learned that the producers had gone back on their word. Haslet-Davis claims that she was promised that the names of the suspects, Dzokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, would not be mentioned during the interview. In response to Haslet-Davis' tweets, NBC News issued a statement acknowledging her request. However, they also explained that given the nature of the discussion, they could not guarantee that the names would not come up during the interview. The statement read, "We appreciate Adrianne Haslet-Davis' willingness to share her story with us. We understand and respect her request not to mention the names of the bombing suspects in the interview. However, given the nature of the discussion, we cannot guarantee that the names will not come up." The statement also emphasized that NBC News is committed to respecting the wishes of all those affected by the tragedy. "We are committed to working with Adrianne Haslet-Davis and all those impacted by the Boston Marathon bombing to ensure that their wishes are respected," the statement read. Despite the setback, Haslet-Davis remains determined to share her story and inspire others. She has been a vocal advocate for amputees and has used her experience to raise awareness and advocate for better support for those who have suffered similar injuries. Many people on social media expressed their support for Haslet-Davis, praising her for speaking out and standing up for what she believes in. Some even called on NBC to honor her request and refrain from mentioning the names of the suspects during the interview. The Boston Marathon bombing was a tragedy that affected many individuals and families. As the one-year anniversary approaches, it is important to remember the victims and survivors and to continue to support them in their journey to recovery. Adrianne Haslet-Davis is one such survivor, and her determination and resilience serve as an inspiration to many. While her request may not be granted, her voice has been heard, and her message of hope and strength continues to resonate with others.