article: The U.S. Secret Service and Connecticut State Police are searching for a car in connection to a possible threat made against President Barack Obama. Federal and state officials are on the hunt for a silver 2014 Volkswagen Jetta with Connecticut license plates, The Hartford Courant reported. According to police, the vehicle is believed to be driven by a man who may have threatened the life of the president. The U.S. Secret Service and Connecticut State Police are searching for a car linked to a threat against President Obama, who arrived in Rhode Island Friday for a fundraiser . President Obama reaches as he shakes hands with Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee shortly after arriving at T.F. Green Airport in Warwick, R.I. Friday . The president traveled to Rhode Island to attend a Democratic fundraiser in Newport . 'Information has been received by law enforcement regarding a potentially suspicious person and vehicle. We are working with our local law enforcement partners to determine the validity of the information provided,' the Secret Service said in a statement. NBC Connecticut reported, citing police sources, that the person of interest might be armed with an assault rifle. Mr Obama landed in Warwick, Rhode Island, earlier today to attend a private fundraiser for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee hosted in Newport. Just before 9pm Friday, the president safely departed Rhode Island and headed back to Washington DC. On the lookout: Security teams guard the airport while President Barack Obama departs Westchester  County Airport in New York, Friday afternoon . Meet and greet: President Obama holds up four-month-old Ryan Kelley, of Richmond, R.I., while greeting a gathering . Safe return: President Obama climbs a stairway to Air Force One shortly before departing from T.F. Green Airport in Warwick, R.I., on his way home . The U.S. Secret Service raised the alarm about the threat after receiving information from police in New York that a person was headed to Connecticut with the possible intent to harm President Obama. Earlier today, Mr Obama arrived at Westchester County Airport in New York to attend a Democratic National Committee roundtable, followed by a private fundraiser. He took off from New York just before 5.30pm, arriving at T.F. Green Airport in Rhode island shortly after 6pm.
highlights: Secret Service and Connecticut State Police are looking for a silver 2014 Volkswagen Jetta driven by a man that might be armed with assault rifle . President Obama arrived in Rhode Island Friday evening to attend a private fundraiser .
id: c5738c32dae7c075619e0f240ab42ab3dd454ac6
chatgpt: The Secret Service and Connecticut State Police are launching a search for a silver 2014 Volkswagen Jetta that is being driven by an individual that may be armed with an assault rifle. The hunt is being conducted in light of President Obama's recent arrival in Rhode Island, where he is set to attend a private fundraising event. Authorities have stated that the suspect may pose a legitimate threat to the President's safety. The man in question is believed to be driving a silver Volkswagen Jetta with the license plate number CT-AZ9545. The suspect's appearance is currently unknown, but law enforcement officials are urging the public to report any sightings of the suspect and his vehicle immediately. The investigation comes as President Obama travels to Rhode Island to attend a private fundraiser. The venue for the event is the waterfront home of Mark Weiner, a long-time friend of the President who has helped to raise millions of dollars for his campaigns over the years. At the fundraiser, President Obama is expected to deliver a speech on his administration's economic policies and his plans for the future. The Secret Service and Connecticut State Police have released a statement urging the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity they observe. They ask that citizens also stay away from the general vicinity of the President's event, in order to avoid potential threats to their safety. "Any person who sees this vehicle or has information about its whereabouts should immediately contact the Connecticut State Police at 911, or the Secret Service at 1-877-242-3375,” the statement reads. The Secret Service is responsible for protecting the President and his family from harm, and they take their mandates very seriously. This particular investigation is still ongoing, and law enforcement officials are working around the clock to locate the vehicle and its driver. As this story continues to develop, it serves as a reminder of the critical importance of the information we receive from law enforcement officials. In this case, the quick dissemination of information regarding the hunt for the silver Volkswagen Jetta could be instrumental in the apprehension of the suspect and ensuring the President's safety.