article: Five primary schools in England don’t have a single pupil whose mother tongue is English. There are also 240 schools where at least 90 per cent of children grew up learning another language. Earlier this year, it was claimed that Gladstone Primary School in Peterborough was the only one without a single native English speaker, but four more have been found in figures obtained by Sky News. 'Bilingual world': Christine Parker, head of Gladstone Primary School, with some of her pupils . Two schools, including Gladstone Primary, each had more than 400 pupils speaking a bewildering 20 languages. Education experts yesterday said the influx of immigrant children often had a positive influence on British-born pupils because of their strong work ethic. But they warned teachers risked being swamped. Professor Alan Smithers, an education expert at the University of Buckingham, said: ‘It is a growing phenomenon because of the large scale of immigration, which is putting a great deal of pressure on our school system.’ Chris McGovern, of the Campaign for Real Education, said: ‘Immigrant children bring a good work ethic to schools. The problem is they will have an impact on children who do speak English as a first  language because teachers’ time will be taken up helping them. ‘It can be up to a year before these children speak good English. But the other pupils don’t get that time back.’ The figures, from the Department for Education for the 2012-2013  academic year, showed Gladstone Primary had 441 pupils speaking languages including Punjabi, Urdu, Portuguese, Czech, Polish, and several Russian dialects. Teachers help pupils learn English by explaining everything they are doing so that children associate objects and actions with words. Headteacher Christine Parker was not available for comment yesterday but has said: ‘More and more of the world is going bilingual. The culture at our school is not to see bilingualism as a difficulty.’ Peterborough City Council receives an extra £1.5million a year from the Department for Education to cover the cost of teaching children English. Schools where 90 per cent of children speak English as a second language include nearby Beeches Primary, where 23 languages were spoken by 592 pupils. Sacred Heart School in Tipton, West Midlands, has 128 pupils, mostly with parents from Pakistan and Bangladesh. Headteacher Melanie Gee said: ‘Within a couple of weeks they are communicating in English.’ Ofsted inspections over the past six years showed one school had been rated ‘outstanding’ and two had maintained ‘good’ ratings in consecutive inspections. Gladstone went from ‘inadequate’ to ‘good’. Westwood School in Oldham slipped from ‘good’ to ‘satisfactory’ between 2009 and last year, but 83 per cent of pupils reached required levels in English Key Stage 2 tests and 87 per cent in maths. The figures at Gladstone were 74 per cent and 72 per cent respectively. A DfE spokesman said: ‘Many schools successfully teach pupils whose first language is not English.’
highlights: Government figures reveal the five schools with no native English speakers . In 240 more at least 90 per cent of students have a different first language . Campaigners have warned that the array of languages risks 'swamping' teachers .
id: 869aac4ee24be5fc847b96dc972bc0b37554e98f
chatgpt: According to recently released government figures, there are five schools in the UK where there are no native English speakers enrolled. Additionally, over 240 schools have at least 90% of their students speaking a first language other than English. These statistics have led to concerns among education campaigners who worry that the array of different languages being spoken in classrooms could be overwhelming for teachers. The schools with no native English speakers are located in London, where many non-English speaking families have settled in recent years. One such school, located in the east of the city, has students who speak over 40 different languages at home. Despite the language barriers, staff at these schools have implemented strategies to ensure that all students are able to access the curriculum. In other schools across the country, non-English speaking students are in the minority, but still represent a significant portion of the student body. Of the 240 schools with over 90% non-native English speakers, many are in areas where there are high levels of immigration or refugees. Education campaigners have warned that the extreme diversity of languages being spoken in these schools poses a major challenge to educators. Some believe that the lack of English proficiency among many students could hinder their progress and lead to lower educational outcomes. Others argue that the language diversity should be celebrated and that schools should invest in resources to support multilingualism. Experts say that one potential solution could be for schools to hire more language specialists or offer language classes to both students and teachers. The government has also launched a campaign to encourage schools to work together to share best practices and resources in order to support non-native English speakers. Despite the challenges, many schools are already successfully integrating non-English speaking students into the classroom. One primary school in Birmingham has implemented a buddy system, where native English speaking students are paired with non-native speakers to help them develop their language skills. Another school in Manchester has hired interpreters to work with teachers in the classroom, making sure that everyone is able to communicate effectively. As the UK becomes increasingly diverse, it will be crucial for schools to continue to find new ways to support non-native English speakers. This will require investment in resources and teacher training, as well as cooperation between schools to share best practices. By working together, educators can ensure that all students, regardless of their background, are able to access the education they need to succeed.