article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Two years after Demi Moore announced she wanted to end her marriage to Ashton Kutcher, their union is legally undone. Kutcher's lawyer filed the document in Los Angeles County Superior Court Tuesday making their final divorce settlement official, according to a court spokeswoman. Kutcher, 35, filed the divorce petition last January -- citing irreconcilable differences -- but Moore, 51, made it clear in November 2011 that the marriage was over. "It is with great sadness and a heavy heart that I have decided to end my six-year marriage to Ashton," Moore said in her announcement. Kutcher has been dating his former "That '70s Show" co-star Mila Kunis since early 2012, although she initially denied a romantic relationship. He is one of television's best paid performers thanks to the gig he got on CBS' "Two and a Half Men" after Charlie Sheen's implosion. Moore and Kutcher began dating in 2003 and married in September 2005 despite a 15-year age difference. In the wake of Moore's announcement of their split two years ago, Kutcher tweeted: "I will forever cherish the time I spent with Demi. Marriage is one of the most difficult things in the world and unfortunately sometimes they fail. Love and Light, AK" The separation, however, came amid reports that Kutcher cheated on his wife on the night of their wedding anniversary. "As a woman, a mother and a wife there are certain values and vows that I hold sacred, and it is in this spirit that I have chosen to move forward with my life," she said at the time. "This is a trying time for me and my family, and so I would ask for the same compassion and privacy that you would give to anyone going through a similar situation." This is Kutcher's first divorce, but the third time for Moore. She was previously married to actor Bruce Willis and rock musician Freddy Moore. CNN's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report.
highlights: Kutcher's lawyer filed the final divorce settlement Tuesday . Moore announced their separation 2 years ago . Kutcher's been dating former "That '70s Show" co-star Mila Kunis since 2012 . The couple began dating in 2003 and married in September 2005 .
id: 0bbabf0982f33e6581203e4dc67c8d8fac3ed3bd
chatgpt: Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore's high-profile divorce has finally been settled, as confirmed by Kutcher's lawyer who officially filed the documents on Tuesday. The couple's separation made headlines back in 2011, with Moore announcing their split publicly. Two years after their separation, Kutcher filed for divorce citing irreconcilable differences. The divorce settlement has reportedly been reached amicably, with both parties ending their eight-year-long marriage amicably. Although the details of the settlement haven't been disclosed publicly, it is believed they have agreed upon the property division and spousal support, according to sources. The former couple began dating in 2003 and married in a private ceremony in September 2005. The two met at a dinner party in New York City after Kutcher's breakout role in the television series "That '70s Show." Their marriage was surrounded by controversy with a significant age gap between them - Kutcher was 27, and Moore was 42 years old at the time of their nuptials. After their separation in 2011, Kutcher moved on with his former co-star from "That '70s Show," Mila Kunis, whom he had remained friends with since the show ended in 2006. The couple went public with their relationship in 2012, and they've been inseparable ever since. Kutcher and Kunis married in 2015 and now have two children together. The divorce settlement brings an end to over eight years of uncertainty for Kutcher and Moore, who were together for over a decade. Although the couple's marriage ended on a sour note, they appear to have moved on positively with their lives. Kutcher remarried and began a family with Kunis, and Moore remains busy with her acting and activism careers. The finalisation of Kutcher's divorce marks the end of a chapter in his life, but it also symbolises a happy new beginning with his wife and children. His journey with Moore may have come to an end, but the future seems bright for the actor and his family.