article: (CNN) -- Looks like it could take awhile for new Twitter user Rupert Murdoch to get the hang of things. For starters, the 80-year-old media mogul, who signed up for Twitter over the New Year's holiday, might want to make sure the people he follows are real. As of Monday, the oft-controversial Murdoch was following a grand total of four people on the social networking site. One of them, at first glance, appears to be Google co-founder and CEO Larry Page. Except that it's not Larry Page but a parody account that's part of a university project. "This is a fake account - part of a series created for @plaidavenger's class at Virginia Tech," the owner of the account tweeted Monday in reply to a follower asking about it after seeing an interaction with Murdoch. It wasn't clear Monday whether the News Corporation CEO was aware of the misunderstanding. The Twitter chat started with "Plaid Larry Page" welcoming the magnate to the site. "Welcome @rupertmurdoch to Twitter! Could Google+ be next?" he wrote Sunday. Murdoch's reply: "Maybe soon, but I'm getting killed for fooling around here and friends frightened what I may really say!" Indeed. Less than a day into his Twitter tenure, Murdoch had been publicly chastised by what appeared to be his wife (fellow Twitter newbie Wendi Deng) for a tweet saying that "maybe Brits have too many holidays for [a] broke country." He quickly backed down, deleting the tweet in question. [UPDATE: Both Twitter and the account owner have acknowledged that the Deng account is a fake not really run by her. Twitter had mistakenly given the account "verified" status shortly after it was created.] . Murdoch tweets support for Rick Santorum . It's hard to figure out what to make of Murdoch's other three follows, other than that he appears to be taking his new venture into Web and social-media culture seriously. Some have ventured it's part of a "charm offensive" after a year in which he was embroiled in a phone-hacking controversy at his now-defunct "News of the World" newspaper. Alan Sugar, a British magnate and reality-TV judge, as well as Twitter nemesis of CNN's own Piers Morgan, is one of them. The other two are Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey and Zynga CEO Mark Pincus -- the man behind such online time-killers as "FarmVille" and "Mafia Wars."
highlights: News Corporation's Rupert Murdoch starts Twitter life by following fake "Larry Page" The account resembles Google's Larry Page but is in fact part of a college project . So far, the media mogul is following four accounts on Twitter . Two of the four accounts Murdoch follows are tech CEOs .
id: 3918e8e6cb093c427289a9acc24c2c52dda48c6e
chatgpt: Rupert Murdoch, the founder of News Corporation, has finally joined the popular social media platform Twitter. However, it seems like the media mogul's entry into the world of Twitter has not gone as smoothly as anticipated. Murdoch's Twitter journey started out awkwardly when he followed a fake "Larry Page" account that resembled Google's co-founder but was actually a part of a college student project. The account had gained a significant number of followers, thanks to its striking similarity to the real Larry Page's account. Although the media mogul has since unfollowed the fake account, the incident raised eyebrows and invited mixed reactions from Twitter users. Some found it amusing that Murdoch could have been tricked by a fake account, while others criticized the media mogul's apparent lack of social media savvy. Murdoch is currently following only four accounts on the social media platform, two of which belong to CEOs in the tech industry. One of the accounts he follows belongs to Jack Dorsey, the co-founder and CEO of Twitter, and the other to Elon Musk, the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX. Murdoch's entry into Twitter does not come as a surprise, given the role social media has played in shaping the news industry in recent years. News organizations like News Corporation have had to adapt to the changing landscape, with many media houses relying on social media to disseminate information and reach larger audiences. In the past, Murdoch has been critical of social media platforms like Facebook and Google, accusing them of not doing enough to curb the spread of fake news and misinformation on their platforms. However, his decision to join Twitter may indicate a more tempered view of social media's role in the news industry. As of now, it is unclear what Murdoch's Twitter strategy will be or how he plans to use the platform. Some experts believe that his presence on Twitter could help him connect with a younger audience and add a new dimension to the company's online presence. Despite the initial setback, Murdoch's entry into Twitter is generating significant interest in the news industry, with many speculating about what his move means for the future of social media and its impact on the news industry. Only time will tell how successful Murdoch's Twitter venture will be, and how his foray into the world of social media will influence the future of the news industry.