article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 13:32 EST, 19 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:32 EST, 19 November 2013 . Former White House aide to Bill Clinton, Sidney Blumenthal, has spent the past few years writing a trilogy about the life of another president - Abraham Lincoln. Blumenthal has a deal with Simon & Schuster, the publisher announced today. The three-volume biography has the working title 'Abraham Lincoln: A Political Life' and the first book, 'A Self-Made Man,' is scheduled to come out in 2015. Sidney Blumenthal (left) seen speaking to the press following testimony in the Bill Clinton sex scandal in 1998 (Bill Clinton pictured in 1998, right) Blumenthal will be edited by Alice Mayhew, whose other projects have included Doris Kearns Goodwin's million-selling Lincoln book 'Team of Rivals.' 'I was privileged to work in the White House,' Blumenthal said in a statement released by Simon & Schuster. 'I have admired and studied President Lincoln', Blumenthal said (Lincoln portrait from 1821) 'I have admired and studied President Lincoln for many years. My personal experience with the politics of the presidency inside the White House gave me a fresh appreciation and a new view of for Lincoln's immense political skills and a new way of looking at how he became America's greatest political leader.' During a recent telephone interview with The Associated Press, Blumenthal said he had already completed all three volumes, each more than 500 pages, and had waited until he finished before seeking a publisher. Negotiations were handled by another man used to working with presidents, Washington attorney Robert Barnett, whose other clients include Clinton and President Barack Obama. Although Blumenthal wrote a cover story on Lincoln for Newsweek last year, he said he had kept his biography a secret from everybody except his 'wife and dog'. Blumenthal, 65, is a longtime journalist and the author of several previous books, including a memoir about his years in the Clinton administration. Acknowledging the tonnage of Lincoln books that precede his, he said he wanted his Lincoln trilogy to 'get to the root of the conflicts that still perplex us and conflict us.' 'Many of the fundamental issues from his time still remain,' he said, citing race and the role of the federal government.
highlights: Sidney Blumenthal was the White House aide to Bill Clinton and served as his adviser from 1997 to 2001 . Blumenthal, now 65, is a longtime journalist and author . He says: 'I have admired and studied President Lincoln for many years' The first of his three-volume biography on Lincoln will come out in 2015 .
id: 9d4e70890794a52372514bf263bcf2d4399a74ff
chatgpt: Sidney Blumenthal, the former White House aide to Bill Clinton, is set to release the first volume of his three-volume biography on President Abraham Lincoln in 2015. Blumenthal, who served as an adviser to Clinton from 1997 to 2001, is a seasoned journalist and author with a longstanding interest in Lincoln. "I have admired and studied President Lincoln for many years," said Blumenthal in a statement. "His leadership during one of the most challenging times in our nation's history is a testament to his character and resilience." Blumenthal's biography, titled "All the Powers of Earth," will cover Lincoln's years as a Republican Party leader, his campaign and election as president, and his leadership during the Civil War. The first volume is expected to be released in September 2015. Blumenthal's interest in Lincoln dates back to his childhood. He grew up in an apartment building in Chicago that was once a stop on the Underground Railroad, and his family would often take trips to Springfield, Illinois, to visit Lincoln's home. "As a child, I was fascinated by Lincoln and the impact he had on our nation," said Blumenthal. "As I grew older and became a journalist, I began to see Lincoln as a fascinating figure to study and write about." Blumenthal's career as a journalist has taken him to some of the world's most troubled areas, including the Balkans, the Middle East, and Africa. He has worked for The New Yorker, The Washington Post, and The New Republic, among other publications. Blumenthal's reputation has not been without controversy, however. During the Clinton presidency, he was accused of spreading false rumors about Monica Lewinsky, which he denied. He was also a central figure in the Benghazi controversy, with Republicans accusing him of providing poor intelligence to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Despite these controversies, Blumenthal remains a respected figure in the world of journalism and politics. His biography of Lincoln is sure to be a fascinating read and will shed new light on one of the most important figures in American history.