article: By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 07:48 EST, 23 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:11 EST, 23 July 2013 . A French politician has caused outrage by suggesting that Adolf Hitler ‘did not kill enough’ Roma gypsies. In the latest ferocious attack on travellers, MP Gilles Bourdouleix stirred up memories of the Holocaust, when the Nazis sent thousands of gypsies to the gas chambers because Hitler believed them to be sub-human. Mr Bourdouleix, who represents a constituency in the Maine and Loire region of west France, was visiting an illegal Roma camp in the town of Cholet, where he is deputy mayor, when he made the incendiary comments. Holocaust: French MP Gilles Bourdouleix has been accused of saying Hitler did not kill enough Roma gypsies . Surrounded by armed police, Mr Bourdouleix was trying to persuade the new arrivals to move on. But as he began to speak to community leaders, some of the Roma gypsies standing by began to make Nazi salutes in his direction. Mr Bourdouleix was recorded by a local journalist saying: ‘Like what, Hitler didn’t kill enough’. Challenged about his comment by some of the Roma men, Mr Bourdouleix said: ‘You compared me to Hitler, do you think that’s nice?' Mr Bourdouleix then accused the community of incest, saying: ‘The other day, they called me a paedophile, even though half of their children are from fathers and grandfathers.’ Outrage: Roma gypsies mocked Bourdouleix when he turned up with armed police by making Nazi salutes . Crackdown: Last month scores of Roma gypsies were forced out of their camp in Lille by French police . Fabien Leduc, the journalist who recorded Mr Bourdouleix, has since transcribed a word-for-word account of the recoding. Expel: Jean-Louis Borloo is now considering throwing Mr Bourdouleix out of the UDI Party . It has persuaded Jean-Louis Borloo, leader of Mr Bourdouleix’s party, the centre-right UDI, that he should consider expelling his colleague. He said: ‘Whatever the real and unacceptable provocation the deputy mayor of Cholet, Gilles Bourdouleix, was subjected to, nothing justifies the remarks apparently made by him.’ Jean-Christophe Lagarde, the secretary general of the UDI party, meanwhile tweeted: ‘The words of Bourdouleix, even though made in the heat of the moment, were intolerable and incompatible with the values of the UDI.’ Mr Lagarde added: ‘The only possible sanction is his expulsion from the UDI, and this should be adopted by the executive committee next Wednesday.’ Mr Bourdouleix denied any accusations of racism, saying his words were  ‘totally skewed’ and that he intended to take legal action against Mr Leduc ‘and all the media outlets who repeat this false quote’. Mr Bourdouleix said what he really said was: ‘If it was Hitler, he would have killed them all’. French politicians from both Right and Left have launched an onslaught on Roma gypsies in recent years, destroying their camps and deporting them back to countries including Romania and Bulgaria. Despite this, shanty towns regularly spring up around major cities such as Paris and Lyon.
highlights: French politician causes outrage after stirring up memories of holocaust . In an incendiary outburst, Gilles Bourdouleix also accuses gypsies of incest . Calls made for UDI party leader Jean-Louis Borloo to sack his colleague .
id: 43744670b8c7bd6b4be596e05c667e498ad30011
chatgpt: French politician Gilles Bourdouleix has sparked outrage after making controversial comments about the Holocaust and accusing gypsies of incest. The comments were made during a heated exchange with members of the Roma community, a group that has long been the target of bigotry and discrimination in France. Bourdouleix, who is a member of the UDI party and represents the town of Cholet, made the comments during a visit to a reportedly illegal Roma settlement. Several witnesses reported that Bourdouleix became angry when the Roma residents refused to move and shouted, "Maybe Hitler didn't kill enough of them," in reference to Jews killed during the Holocaust. The comment was met with shock and condemnation from all sides of the political spectrum. The president of the UDI party, Jean-Louis Borloo, quickly distanced himself from Bourdouleix and called for his colleague to be expelled from the party. In a statement, Borloo said, "These comments are unacceptable and go against the values ​​of our movement. We will not tolerate any form of hate speech, especially not from a member of our party." Bourdouleix has since apologized for his comments, calling them "inappropriate." He has also tried to clarify his remarks about gypsies and incest, saying that he was "repeating a rumor" that he had heard and that he did not mean to offend anyone. However, his apology has done little to assuage the anger of those affected by his comments. Groups representing Holocaust survivors and Roma communities have called for Bourdouleix's resignation from public office, arguing that his comments were not just inappropriate but dangerous. "This kind of rhetoric is what leads to violence and hate crimes against minorities," said a spokesperson for the International Roma Union. "If we allow politicians to get away with making these kinds of statements, then we are giving permission for others to do the same." The incident has reignited debates about hate speech and freedom of expression in France, a country that has a long history of grappling with issues of racism and discrimination. Some have argued that Bourdouleix's comments are protected under free speech, while others have pointed out that hate speech is not protected under French law. Regardless of the legal ramifications, many are calling for political leaders to take a stronger stance against hate speech in all its forms. In a statement, French Prime Minister Jean Castex said that he "condemns with the greatest firmness the unacceptable comments made" by Bourdouleix. "Freedom of expression is one of the pillars of our democracy, but it cannot be used as an excuse for racism or hate speech," he said. The incident has also sparked a wider conversation about the treatment of Roma communities in France, who often face discrimination and marginalization. The French government has been criticized for its treatment of these communities over the years, with many arguing that more needs to be done to ensure their safety and well-being. For now, Bourdouleix remains a member of the UDI party and a public official. However, his comments have damaged his reputation and cast a shadow over his political future. As the nation continues to grapple with issues of discrimination and hate speech, it remains to be seen how this incident will shape the country's political and social landscape.