article: St Kilda captain Nick Riewoldt is tipped to take an indefinite break from AFL after the death of his sister who lost her battle with cancer. Madeleine Riewoldt was diagnosed with aplastic anaemia five years ago and passed away at Royal Melbourne Hospital surrounded by her family on Monday morning. The 26-year-old's family issued a statement via the St Kilda Football Club about Ms Riewoldt. Scroll down for video . Nick Riewoldt's sister, Madeleine (pictured), has died after losing her battle with aplastic anaemia . Riewoldt is the captain of AFL football club St Kilda - south of Melbourne in Victoria . 'After a five-year battle, two bone marrow transplants and seven months in hospital fighting aplastic anaemia, Madeleine Riewoldt... couldn't fight any longer and her incredibly brave battle ended this morning at Royal Melbourne Hospital,' a statement on the club's website said. It said Ms Riewoldt had mum Fiona, dad Joe, brother Nick and Alex, sister-in-law and nephew James by her side when she died. 'We are so proud of Madeleine for fighting as long and hard as she did,' the family said. 'This spirit is a testament to her strength, she inspired us and so many and will continue to do so. 'We are grateful for and cherish the 26 years we shared as a family and she will remain in our hearts always.' The 26-year-old died on Monday morning surrounded by her family at Royal Melbourne Hospital . The family also urged people to sign up to the bone marrow registry and donate blood to the Australian Red Cross as 'Madeleine's wishes were for greater awareness' of these two much needed services. They added: '[We] are so appreciative of the fantastic work and support of the Royal Melbourne hospital staff, in particular the ICU [intensive care unit] and bone marrow teams. 'The Riewoldt family now ask for privacy during this time.' St Kilda president Peter Summers also released a statement, saying Ms Riewoldt would be 'sadly missed' St Kilda president Peter Summers said his thoughts and the club's were with Nick Riewoldt and his family. 'Madeleine bravely battled illness for a long period and she will be sadly missed,' he said. 'Many St Kilda people have gotten to know Madeleine over the years. 'In particular, she often visited the rooms after games, not only supporting Nick but as part of the Saints family. 'This is obviously an incredibly sad and tough time for Nick and his family and the club will be providing support in any way we can.'
highlights: Nick Riewoldt's sister, Madeleine, died on Monday morning in Melbourne . The 26-year-old battled aplastic anaemia, a form of cancer, for five years . A St Kilda club statement said her family was with her when she died . 'We are so proud of Madeleine for fighting as long and hard as she did' the family said .
id: a3c4135b86e89b9abb9a8bfe965a17d8dc35e56c
chatgpt: Nick Riewoldt's family has faced an immense tragedy with the passing of his younger sister, Madeleine, who lost her battle with aplastic anaemia on Monday morning in Melbourne. Madeleine, just 26 years old, fought cancer for five tough years before succumbing to the disease, leaving her family and friends heartbroken. Madeleine was a beloved member of the Riewoldt family, and her untimely death has taken a heavy toll on everyone who knew her. A statement from the St. Kilda Football Club, where Nick Riewoldt played for many years, expressed the deep sorrow that has engulfed the Riewoldt family following Madeleine's passing. "We are incredibly saddened to hear of Madeleine's passing. Our thoughts and condolences are with Nick and his family during this difficult time," the statement read. The statement went on to highlight Madeleine's resilience and bravery, stating that everyone who knew her was proud of the fight that she put up against aplastic anaemia. "We are so proud of Madeleine for fighting as long and hard as she did. She was an inspiration to us all," the family said in a statement. Nick Riewoldt is a prominent figure in Australian football, having played for the St. Kilda Saints for 17 seasons and representing Australia in several international competitions. He is also known for his charity work, particularly with Maddie Riewoldt's Vision, a foundation he helped establish after his sister's diagnosis with aplastic anaemia. Many in the football community have expressed their condolences on social media, with several teams and players sending their support to the Riewoldt family. "Sending all our love and support to Nick Riewoldt and his family during this incredibly difficult time. Rest in peace, Madeleine," the Melbourne Football Club tweeted. Madeleine's passing is a stark reminder of the ever-increasing toll that cancer takes on families around the world. Her bravery in the face of adversity will continue to inspire many, and her legacy will live on through the foundation created in her name. Rest in peace, Madeleine Riewoldt. You will be deeply missed.