article: (CNN) -- A flat tire saw Stéphane Peterhansel's lead in the Dakar Rally cut to seven and a half minutes by American Bobby Gordon who finished second behind stage eight winner Nani Roma. Peterhansel suffered a puncture 30km from the end of the stage between Copiapo and Antofagasta and saw his overall lead whittled down to seven minutes 36 seconds by Gordon. The American lost out to Roma, from Spain, by just five seconds and is still awaiting his first stage win in the 2012 rally. Defending champion Nasser Al-Attiyah, from Qatar, was disrupted by technical problems and had to stop on several occasions. He now trails Peterhansel by over 45 minutes. Pole Krzysztof Hołowczyc is third, 12 seconds behind Gordon and 7 minutes 48 secs behind the leader. Peterhansel is a Dakar legend with three car titles and six on motorbikes, all coming before the grueling endurance event moved to South America in 2009 but he didn't enjoy his best stage on Monday. He told the Dakar Rally's official website: "I am losing loads of time. I drove quite slowly in the rocky parts because I was scared of punctures. And despite this... I had one 30 km from the finish. It was a bad special, but that is the way it is. "Gordon started three minutes before us, and 180 kilometres from here we had got to 30 seconds behind him. I think that when he saw us he stepped it up, leaving us in the dust. "He can win this thing, so it is essential for him to manage this situation as well as he can." Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma sealed the 20th stage win of his Dakar Rally career as rival Cyril Despres got stuck in the mud. Stage eight saw Coma, from Spain, snatch the lead from the Frenchman and build a lead of one minute and 26 seconds. Despres spent ten minutes trying to extricate himself from a patch of mud and cut a frustrated figure at the end of the stage. He said: "There was a torrent of mud between the inspection of the reconnaissance car two days ago and today. Therefore, it did not appear in the road book and I was the first to fall into the trap. "There was no way I could have avoided it. I am awaiting the organisers' decision: after Ullevalseter, Gonçalves and a few others had gone through, they took a detour, otherwise there would have been 200 vehicles trapped in the mud. "So I fail to see why I and the others should be the only ones to pay the price. But I do not think we will let this be."
highlights: A flat tire sees Stéphane Peterhansel's Dakar Rally lead cut by American Bobby Gordon . Spaniard Nani Roma won the eighth stage between Copiapo and Antofagasta . Peterhansel leads Gordon by over seven minutes with Krzysztof Hołowczyc third . Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma wins stage eight to snatch lead from Cyril Despres .
id: 02282e29baa76d5902c18483f8f9f710a081f754
chatgpt: Frenchman Stéphane Peterhansel has lost some of his Dakar Rally lead after encountering serious difficulties in Stage 8 of the world’s toughest rally competition. His lead, which had been almost an hour, was cut by over seven minutes when he suffered a flat tire, allowing American Bobby Gordon to catch up. Meanwhile, Spaniard Nani Roma ended up winning the eighth stage of the competition between Copiapo and Antofagasta.  Peterhansel, who drives for Mini, suffered the mishap in the 10-mile stretch of sandy dunes, which happened to be one of the most grueling stages of the race. But despite his setback, he still managed to finish just over 12 minutes behind Roma, holding onto his overall lead. Krzysztof Hołowczyc from Poland sits in third place in the overall ranking.  Peterhansel, who is a five-time Dakar Rally winner, acknowledged the difficulty of Stage 8, commenting that, “It was a really, really tough day." However, he also remained confident about his chances of securing his sixth Dakar title, adding that, “we still have five days [to race].”  In the motorcycle category, Spanish rider Nani Roma's victory on Stage 8 of the Dakar Rally was overshadowed by defending champion Marc Coma's epic win. Coma won the eighth stage’s 600km course from Copiapo to Antofagasta, and in doing so, snatched the overall lead from Frenchman Cyril Despres.  Coma, who missed last year’s Dakar Rally due to injury, battled through tough terrain and treacherous weather conditions to claim the top spot. His performance was praised by competitors and fans alike, with many hailing his sheer tenacity as a key factor in his victory.  "It was a tough day out there, but we made it in the end," Coma said afterward. "I’m very happy to take the stage win today and move into the lead. It’s still a long way to go, but we’re feeling strong and looking forward to the next few days.”  The Dakar Rally, which began on January 2nd, covers over 5,500 miles in South America through some of the world's most demanding landscapes, from desert plains to towering mountains. It’s a grueling, 12-stage challenge that tests some of the world’s most elite rally drivers and motorcycle riders, and one that leaves most of them in awe of the sheer difficulty of the race.  As the competition heads into its final days, the race for the title is still wide open, with the top contenders all within striking distance of each other. Who will emerge as the victor of the 2015 Dakar Rally? Only time will tell.