article: Tests for Ebola given to a Fort Hood soldier who was found dead outside an off-base apartment after he returned from deployment in West Africa as a precaution have come back negative. A Fort Hood statement issued Tuesday night says conclusive tests required by federal health officials determined that the soldier did not have Ebola. An autopsy has been ordered to try to determine what caused the 24-year-old soldier's death. Scroll down for video . Worries: Killeen police investigate the death of a Fort Hood soldier who was found dead at his  home on Tuesday morning . Scene: A U.S. Army soldier who just returned from West Africa and was self-monitoring for Ebola symptoms was found dead on Tuesday near the Texas base where he was posted, Fort Hood officials said . Killeen police and hazmat teams arrived after 911 calls came in of a man's body on the front lawn of his home, which is just outside the base. Fort Hood said that the 24-year-old man, who has not been named, had returned January 7 as part of a 87-person team assigned to West Africa for three months and was found dead at around 7.30am. Carrie Williams, director of media relations for Texas Department of State Health Services, told CBS News the man was stationed in Liberia. 'We are aware of the situation. Testing will occur. The risk is considered to be very low,' Williams said. The unidentified soldier, who recently returned to Fort Hood in central Texas on emergency leave, was self-monitoring himself twice daily and reporting his status to medical officials said military officials. 'At this point, there is no indication of the Ebola virus disease, but medical tests are under way to ensure there is no threat to the community,' Army officials said in a statement. Hazmat: The unidentified soldier, who recently returned to Fort Hood in central Texas on emergency leave, was monitoring himself twice daily and reporting his status to medical officials, they said . Indeed, officials at Fort Hood said that the man had recently been granted leave for a family emergency, which they did not elaborate on. The soldier had been working with the 36th Engineering Brigade and was building hospitals to house Ebola patients. An autopsy is due to take place at the Carl R. Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood. 'Because he recently returned from West Africa we're erring on the side of caution,' said Carroll Smith, spokesperson for the Killeen Police Department to the Scoop Blog. 'Because he was deceased and because we don't know the cause of death we want to take any and every precaution we need for safety reasons.'
highlights: The unidentified 24-year-old man was recently granted emergency leave . Conclusive tests required by federal health officials determined the soldier did not have Ebola . Autopsy will be performed to determine what caused the 24-year-old's death outside off-base apartment .
id: 8413b4a61d31f58ca4f40e58f7d311b1b3e0ca54
chatgpt: A 24-year-old man, who had recently been granted an emergency leave, has been found dead outside his off-base apartment. Federal health officials had required conclusive tests to ensure the man did not have Ebola, and these tests showed he did not have the virus. However, an autopsy will still be performed to determine the cause of the man's death. The man was a soldier, but no further details have been confirmed about his name or rank. He was granted emergency leave for undisclosed reasons, and it is unclear how long he had been away from the military base. It has also not been confirmed how he died, or whether foul play was involved. The man's death outside his off-base apartment has caused concern among the community, as people fear that the Ebola virus could have been the cause. However, federal health officials have issued a statement reassuring the public that the tests carried out on the soldier were negative for Ebola. The Ebola virus is a severe and often deadly disease that spreads through contact with bodily fluids of infected people or animals. Outbreaks of the disease have occurred in several countries in Africa over the past few years, causing widespread panic and concern. The news of the soldier's death has been met with sadness and condolences from his colleagues and community. The military is also conducting its own investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death. It is not yet known when the autopsy will be conducted, or when the results will be released. However, federal health officials have reassured the public that they will be transparent and provide updates as soon as possible. At a time when the world is facing the COVID-19 pandemic, the possibility of an outbreak of another deadly virus is cause for concern. However, it is important to remember that the tests carried out on the soldier were negative for Ebola, and the cause of his death is currently unknown. The soldier's death is a tragic reminder of the sacrifices made by military personnel, and of the risks they face both in combat and in their personal lives. As the community mourns the loss of a young life, it is important to remember the bravery and dedication of all those who serve their country.