article: Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) -- Anti-government protesters poured a small amount of blood at the headquarters of the government in Bangkok on Tuesday, but the demonstration did not live up to their threat to douse the ministers' offices in blood. The protesters had launched a blood drive earlier to collect enough samples for the demonstration. Thousands of "red shirts" -- so named for their clothing -- held out their forearms to allow their compatriots to draw blood. The protesters intended to collect 1,000 liters (1 million cubic centimeters) and then throw the blood on the grounds of the Government House, which houses ministerial offices, at 6 p.m. (7 a.m. ET). "Red shirts" rally in Bangkok: Share your photos . If Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva still refuses to dissolve parliament, the demonstrators said they will collect another 1,000 liters of blood Wednesday and splash it on the headquarters of the ruling party. The next day, they will collect 1,000 more liters and target the prime minister's residence, the demonstrators said. What are the protests about? Abhisit has repeatedly said he will listen to the protesters but will not accede to their demands. The anti-government demonstrations began Friday. By Sunday, tens of thousands of protesters had poured into the center of Bangkok. The rallies have been largely peaceful. Abhisit has said his government will not use force to quell the demonstrations. The nation's tourism minister estimated the demonstrations might have resulted in a 20 percent drop in tourists. The impact on Chinese visitors appears to have been greater, with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce reporting a 50 percent cancellation rate. The protesters are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006. Thaksin was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full term and remains hugely popular. He fled the country in 2008 while facing trial on corruption charges that he says were politically motivated. The protesters say Abhisit was not democratically elected and have demanded that he call new elections. Since Thaksin's ouster, Thailand has endured widespread political unrest that has pitted Thaksin loyalists against Abhisit supporters. Two people were killed and at least 135 wounded in riots in April 2009 when protesters clashed with demonstrators supporting the government. CNN's Kocha Olarn and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .
highlights: Thousands of "red shirts" hold out forearms to give blood for message . Demonstrators threaten to to splash blood on ruling party headquarters, PM's residence . Protesters are supporters of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
id: 4788077ce61c8c514cd7efd181e5b1f696d3a871
chatgpt: Thousands of supporters of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, also known as "red shirts", gathered in Bangkok to give blood in a symbolic protest against the current government. The demonstration was held in response to the government's move to limit campaigning ahead of upcoming general elections. The protesters, dressed in red shirts, held out their forearms to give blood, with some even promising to donate multiple times. The blood donations were intended to send a message to the government, with some threatening to splatter the donated blood on the ruling party headquarters and the residence of Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha. The demonstration has attracted a large number of supporters, with an estimated 10,000 "red shirts" taking part in the event. Some held signs that read "We love Thaksin", while others chanted slogans in support of the former prime minister. The "red shirts" are a vocal and passionate group of supporters of Thaksin Shinawatra, a billionaire businessman who was ousted in a military coup in 2006. Thaksin is regarded as a populist leader by his supporters, who credit him with improving the lives of Thailand's poor. Despite being exiled from the country, Thaksin's influence remains strong in Thai politics. His sister, Yingluck Shinawatra, served as prime minister from 2011-2014, before being ousted in another military coup. Thaksin's supporters have accused the current government of being a puppet of the military, and are calling for a return to democratic rule. The blood donation protest comes ahead of general elections scheduled for March 24th, which the current government is widely expected to win. However, the elections are already facing allegations of corruption and vote-rigging, with many questioning the legitimacy of the outcome. The protest has drawn criticism from some politicians, who have described it as a publicity stunt. However, many of Thaksin's supporters see it as a way to raise awareness of their cause and show their commitment to the former prime minister. The fate of the "red shirt" movement remains uncertain, as the government continues to crack down on dissent and opposition. However, events like the blood donation protest show that Thaksin's followers remain determined to fight for their cause, no matter the cost.