article: They say you should never work with children and animals, but this hospital visit proves they are a winning combination. For National Children’s Week, a squad of cute and cuddly native wildlife were brought into Melbourne's Monash Children’s Hospital to put a smile on the faces of the sick children in the wards. A bashful wombat hides underneath hospital equipment, to the delight of one of the hospital's patients . Baby animals, feathered friends and native wildlife went on an excursion from Healesville Sanctuary to meet with some of their littlest friends. It was a very special day for some little children who are otherwise too sick to visit the zoo - and some so young it was their first time seeing such exciting critters. A little boy seems a tad dubious about the frog that has come to visit from Healesville Sanctuary . It’s hoped the animals will bring some laughter and fun to wards, celebrating every young person’s right to childhood. ‘This is the fourth year we’ve brought some of our native wildlife to the wards of Monash Children;s Hospital and we’re thrilled to make the trip again,’ said Mr Glen Holland, Director of Healesville Sanctuary. Children of all ages were treated to a visit from the animals from Healesville Sanctuary . ‘We had a great time meeting the children and introducing our adorable friends to them,’ said a representative from Zoos Victoria. Professor Nick Freezer, Director of Monash Children’s Hospital, said the critters’ visit was eagerly anticipated. A baby wombat is given a gentle pat from one of the patients, who is participating in National Children's Week . The wombat proved popular amongst the youngsters enjoying World Children's Week at Monash Hospital . “Kids deserve a distraction from the reason they’re in hospital,” Professor Freezer said. “The children all know that tomorrow is the day the animals come to visit, and they’re all incredibly excited.” National Children’s Week is holding events around the country to focus on the needs and achievements of every child in Austalia. A baby wombat is right at home in the arms of a very happy patient from the children's ward . The campaign urges Australians to have a greater awareness and response to the plight of every child. The new Monash Children’s Hospital is currently under construction, creating a space that will allow for more activities and engagement for the children – including a space for animal visits and wildlife education sessions . Children of all ages were thrilled to meet baby animals, native creatures and feathered friends .
highlights: The fourth week of October is National Children's Week in Australia . Campaign highlights children's talents, as well as their needs and rights . Children's ward at Melbourne's Monash Hospital welcomed cute animals . The Healesville Sanctuary visit was a distraction for children battling illnesses . It was hoped the cuddly critters would bring laughter to the children's ward . The exciting day celebrated 'every young child's right to a happy childhood'
id: 23bb202a6ead4f4815597ef7e0dbeebfc0ee1c02
chatgpt: Australia's National Children's week began on Monday, October 22nd, and centres around the celebration of every young child's right to a happy childhood. The awareness week campaigns to highlight the talents of children while also focusing on their needs and rights.  In Melbourne, the week was celebrated in a special way at the Monash Hospital children's ward. The young patients were visited by some cute and cuddly animals from the Healesville Sanctuary. The visit was aimed at bringing a little bit of joy and laughter to the children who were battling illnesses.  The event was organized as part of the National Children's Week activities with the aim of putting a smile on the faces of the young patients. It is hoped that the presence of adorable animals, such as baby kangaroos and koalas, helped to take their minds off their conditions and made their stay in the hospital a little bit easier.  The children were thrilled to see the animals and couldn't resist reaching out to pet and hold them. For some, the experience was life-changing as they were given a glimpse of the beautiful wildlife that Australia has to offer. The Healesville Sanctuary visit brought the children together and allowed them to forget about their illnesses even for a moment.  Hospital staff were also delighted with the event as they believe it made a significant impact on the well-being of the young patients. According to doctors, the visit helped to put smiles on the faces of the children and contributed to their speedy recovery.  National Children's Week is an opportunity to raise awareness of issues affecting children and it is celebrated each year during the fourth week of October. The week's theme for 2018 was 'Children have the right to be healthy, safe and happy' and the event at Monash Hospital was a perfect fit for the theme.  In addition to the event at Monash Hospital, other activities were held across the country to mark the special week. The celebrations aimed at creating an environment where children's talents could be recognised and celebrated. It is hoped that the attention given to the little ones will lead to improved quality of life for children across Australia.  In summary, National Children's Week in Australia is celebrated to highlight the needs, talents and rights of young children. As part of the celebrations, the children's ward at Monash Hospital was visited by animals from Healesville Sanctuary, giving the little patients a moment of joy and laughter. It is hoped that these small gestures will have significant positive impacts on their health and well-being.