article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- North Korea said Wednesday that it had given the title of marshal of the army to its young leader, Kim Jong Un, the latest in a string of moves to reconfigure the top ranks of the military. Kim, who is already referred to as "supreme commander" of the Korean People's Army, has been awarded the title of marshal by the reclusive regime's most powerful political and military bodies, the state-run Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported. The announcement follows the removal of the army chief, Ri Yong Ho, from all his government posts on Sunday, a decision KCNA said was motivated by an unspecified illness. Ri was considered one of Kim's closest aides. A day later, North Korea promoted a little known general, Hyon Yong Chol, to the rank of vice marshal. Analysts have speculated that the moves may show signs of a struggle within the regime between the military and civilian elites as Kim seeks to consolidate power after succeeding his father, Kim Jong Il, who died in December. The young leader's new title is probably partially related to the recent military reshuffle and appears intended "to emphasize he's in a position of power," said Andrei Lankov, a professor at Kookmin University in South Korea. Kim Jong Il held the title of marshal when he ruled North Korea. In February, he was posthumously named "generalissimo" or grand marshal. As a result, Kim Jong Un had been widely expected to take the title of marshal. "I recently spoke to a group of North Korean specialists and everyone was surprised the promotion had not happened yet," Lankov said. CNN's Paula Hancocks reported from Seoul; Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong. CNN's Tim Schwarz contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The move appears intended to emphasize Kim's position of power, analyst says . He is already known as the supreme commander of the army . The regime has recently announced a number of changes to the military's top ranks . It has removed the former army chief from all his posts citing "illness"
id: 1e85a83e406c221a03247234529468b11659540f
chatgpt: North Korea's supreme leader, Kim Jong-un, has officially been designated as the commander-in-chief of the military. The move was announced by state media on Monday and is seen as a way to reinforce Kim's position of power within the isolated regime. Analysts believe that this new title will give him even greater control over the country's 1.2 million strong military. This is not the first time that Kim has been given a military title. He is already known as the supreme commander of the army and has often been seen inspecting troops alongside other high ranking military officials. However, this new title seems to place him in a league of his own. The regime has recently made a number of changes to the military's top ranks. Last month, the former army chief was removed from all of his posts citing "illness." This was seen by some as a way to further consolidate Kim's control over the military. The move to appoint Kim as commander-in-chief comes amidst rising tensions with the United States. Diplomatic efforts to denuclearize North Korea have stalled and there are fears that the regime might conduct a new missile or nuclear test. This has led to increased pressure from the international community to find a peaceful resolution to the issue. Analysts say that the appointment of Kim as commander-in-chief is also a way to bolster his image within the country. North Korea's government is built on a cult of personality surrounding the ruling Kim family. By giving him yet another title, the regime is cementing Kim's position as the supreme leader of the country. While it remains to be seen what the long-term implications of this new title will be, it is clear that North Korea's military will continue to play a central role in the regime's power structure. As tensions with the US continue to simmer, the world will be watching closely to see how Kim wields his newfound power.