article: New York (CNN) -- His was the first face of a missing child to appear on the back of a milk carton. Now, nearly 31 years to the day since Etan Patz vanished from a New York street, authorities are reopening his case. The communications director for Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. confirmed that the office is taking another look at the decades-old mystery. "It's a case that the district attorney has been aware of since before running for office last year," said Erin Duggan. "Last summer he said he would take a fresh look at the case if he became district attorney. Tuesday he confirmed that the case had been reopened." Duggan added, "This was the disappearance of a child that gripped the residents of Manhattan and continues to leave many questions unanswered." Etan was 6 when he disappeared on the morning of May 25, 1979. "It was the first day that he was to walk two blocks from his apartment to the school bus stop," said Lisa R. Cohen, author of "After Etan: The Missing Child Case That Held America Captive." "He had been wanting to do it by himself, and they gave him permission, literally two short blocks," Cohen said. "And his mother could see the bus stop at the end of the street and she saw parents there, waiting with kids for the bus, and so she let him go." Etan was never seen alive again. Jose Antonio Ramos, a convicted child molester, has been identified as a suspect in the disappearance, but has never been charged in connection with the case. According to Cohen, Ramos initially told investigators that he was "90 percent sure" that a boy he had taken home on that day in 1979 was Etan. Ramos has since denied making that statement, she said. Cohen said Etan's father, Stan Patz, contacted her after the news was announced that the prosecutor was reopening the case. "He said, 'Maybe we'll finally get our day court,'" she said. From families and detectives to people in the missing children movement, this case changed everything, Cohen said. "Before Etan, parents did not have an image in their mind that something could happen to their children," she said. "And after Etan, they did."
highlights: Etan Patz was first missing child whose picture was put on a milk carton . He disappeared in May 1979 as he walked two blocks to school bus stop . District attorney had promised during his election campaign to reopen case . Top suspect had made, then denied, statement connecting him to Etan, author said .
id: 57b66d07a307f074b376e2e9a033d592a70ae34b
chatgpt: Etan Patz, the first missing child whose picture was ever put on a milk carton, disappeared in May 1979 as he walked two blocks to his school bus stop. His unsolved disappearance has haunted his family and the nation for more than four decades. However, there may finally be a glimmer of hope for the family now that the district attorney has publicly promised to reopen the case. During his campaign for election, the district attorney had made a vow to the family of Etan Patz that he would work tirelessly to solve their son's case. Now that he has been elected, he is making good on that promise by reopening the case and dedicating himself to bringing justice to the Patz family. One of the top suspects in the case had made, then denied, a statement connecting him to Etan, according to the author. This individual has long been considered a person of interest in the case, and many believe that he may hold the key to finally solving this mystery. The reopening of the case has been met with mixed emotions. For the Patz family, it is a glimmer of hope and a chance for closure. For the nation, it is a reminder of the importance of never giving up on justice for missing children. The fact that Etan Patz was the first missing child ever to have his picture put on a milk carton speaks to the gravity of this case. It ignited a national movement to find missing children and raised awareness about the vulnerability of our nation's youth. As the district attorney delves deeper into the case, new information is likely to come to light. The hope is that this time around, new evidence and modern technology will finally bring closure to the case and justice for the Patz family. The disappearance of Etan Patz remains one of the most heartbreaking cases in American history. However, the announcement that the district attorney is reopening the case gives us hope that justice may finally be served. The nation will be watching closely as new details emerge in this important case.