article: By . Chris Spargo For Mailonline . A Wall Street financier has completed the Ice Bucket Challenge in the most luxurious manner yet, filming himself as he jumps into a freezing tub at his $23.6 million penthouse in downtown Manhattan. Richard B. Handler, the chief executive of the investment bank Jefferies Group and its parent company, the Leucadia National Corporation, decided to skip the bucket all together as he took part in the challenge, which benefits the A.L.S. Association, and instead dunked himself in an icy bath. The video, which was uploaded on Tuesday, prominently showcases his apartment's stunning views of Manhattan. Scroll down for video . Richard B. Handler prepares to take the plunge for the Ice Bucket Challenge in the bathroom of his $23.6 million apartment, with features stunning views of Manhattan . 'There’s a special stipulation in this challenge, I’m not sure people are aware of it,' he says in the video. 'Instead of taking a bucket and dumping it on your head, if you put yourself and dump yourself into the bucket, you’re allowed to nominate four people instead of three people.' Handler, 52,nominated three other Wall Street execs; Tilman J. Fertitta, the CEO of Landry's, Inc.; Gerald Hassell, the CEO of The Bank of New York Mellon; and  Carl Icahn, the 78-year-old businessman whose net worth is $24.5 billion. Icahn took to Twitter to say he would get back to Handler on the challenge, but was currently 'too busy working on BIG deal with another investment banker.' For his fourth nomination, Handler selected rapper Armando Perez, better known as Pitbull. Handler before (pictured left) and after (pictured right) taking the freezing cold plunge . It was another financial bigwig, KCG Chief Executive Officer Daniel Coleman, who nominated Handler. Thanks in large part to the challenge, the A.L.S. Association has received $88.5 million in donations from late July through Tuesday, compared with $2.6 million in the period a year earlier. Handler, whose 2012 salary as CEO of the Jeffries firm was $58 million according to the Daily News, may however soon be losing a little bit of that gorgeous view from his 14th-Floor penthouse, as there is a proposal to build a two-story rooftop restaurant nearby. One of the penthouse rooftops at 1 York Street in downtown Manhattan, the building where Handler lives . Handler's apartment building is almost entirely glass, and provides sweeping 360-degree views of Manhattan . He sued the landlord of 50 Varick Street and the Department of Buildings in March of last year, alleging the restaurant flouted zoning guidelines. 'The project will significantly obstruct the panoramic river views from his apartment,' Handler's lawyer said in their lawsuit. If the plan goes through, Handler would lose part of his view of New Jersey.
highlights: Richard B. Handler, the CEO of Jeffries Group, filmed his challenge in the bathroom of his penthouse apartment in downtown Manhattan . Handler's salary in 2012 was $58 million . He nominated three other Wall Street execs in his video, and rapper Pitbull .
id: 9457b10b742085736c4905e5ae7d47d60dbdb277
chatgpt: Richard B. Handler, the CEO of Jeffries Group, has taken the online "Ice Bucket Challenge" to a whole new level. Handler was filmed in the bathroom of his penthouse apartment in downtown Manhattan as he poured a bucket of ice water over his head to raise awareness for ALS research. But what's unique about Handler's challenge is that his annual salary in 2012 was $58 million, making him one of the highest paid CEOs on Wall Street. The video, which was posted on Handler's Twitter account, shows him saying, "I accept the ice bucket challenge. And I do it for a lot of reasons. One is that I can. Two is that I want to. And three is that I was asked to by somebody important, my daughter". In addition to accepting the challenge, Handler also nominated three other Wall Street executives: Kenneth Griffin, founder and CEO of Citadel; James Gorman, CEO of Morgan Stanley; and Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs. Additionally, he also nominated famous rapper Pitbull. The "Ice Bucket Challenge" has become a viral sensation over the past few weeks, with celebrities, politicians, and everyday people taking part to raise money and awareness for the ALS Association. The challenge involves pouring a bucket of ice water over your head, then nominating others to do the same within 24 hours or donate to the ALS Association. The ALS Association has reported an increase in donations, with more than $13 million raised in the two weeks since the challenge went viral. Handler's video has added to the growing list of high-profile individuals taking on the challenge, and is a great way to continue raising awareness for ALS research. Handler's video has also sparked debate about executive pay, with some criticizing his $58 million salary. However, Handler is no stranger to controversy when it comes to his salary. In 2011, he voluntarily reduced his salary by 91 percent and donated the money to charity. Overall, Handler's participation in the "Ice Bucket Challenge" has helped to continue drawing attention to a worthy cause. With millions raised so far, the impact of the challenge on ALS research is undeniable. Handler's nomination of other high-profile individuals is sure to keep the momentum going as the "Ice Bucket Challenge" continues to sweep the nation.