article: Nigel Pearson insists he will have nothing to do with the frantic business of transfer deadline day and wants all his deals concluded in advance. Leicester City are in the market for a central defender, an attacking midfielder, and a striker – but Pearson is content to fight for Premier League survival with his current squad if his ideal recruits cannot be secured. Pearson has brought in Andrej Kramaric for £9million and Mark Schwarzer on a free transfer and is interested in Mainz centre-forward Shinji Okazaki. Reports have also surfaced linking Leicester Feyenoord midfielder Lex Immers. Nigel Pearson hopes Leicester City have their transfer business wrapped up by deadline day . Pearson addresses his Leicester players during training on Thursday . Pearson said: ‘I have generally been looking – but unless the players feel right for us I’ll be doing no more. I've no idea if it will go right to wire but I won’t be sitting in office till late, not my job. 'If something is to be done I hope it will be before deadline. I don’t see why deals done so late, certainly won’t be getting involved myself. Brinkmanship. 'All I think about is what we do, I’m not interested in what others do. We have tried do business want to do and got two done very quickly. Leicester splashed out £9million on Croatian striker Andrej Kramaric from HNK Rijeka earlier this month . 'If can strengthen we will. It will be nice to have options of course, we’ve managed to keep relatively fit squad and hope that continues. ‘There have been no approaches for our players as far as aware of. We’re not in a position to let anyone go anyway. Never discount anything, there has been speculation surrounding couple of players, but no bids to my knowledge.' Pearson revealed Matthew Upson is ready for first-team football having missed the season so far through an ankle injury. But the former England centre-back’s return will not influence Pearson’s desire to find another player in that position. The Foxes brought in goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer on a free transfer from Chelsea .
highlights: Leicester splashed out £9million on Croatian striker Andrej Kramaric . The Foxes brought in goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer on a free from Chelsea . Leicester have also been linked with Feyenoord midfielder Lex Immers .
id: cb339ce196bdf841996ec08ead04c00a54242c4d
chatgpt: Leicester City Football Club has made significant investments in the transfer market this season, as they aim to make a claim for a spot in the top half of the Premier League table. The Foxes have brought in Croat striker Andrej Kramaric from HNK Rijeka for a fee reported to be around £9million. The 23-year-old has been in scintillating form this season, having already scored 28 goals in 31 appearances for both club and country. He has been widely considered as one of the best young talents in Europe, and had been attracting interest from major clubs across the continent. Leicester's move for Kramaric has been seen as an ambitious one, as they manage to beat off competition from several top-tier clubs. Kramaric joins a side that has recently also signed veteran goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer for free from Chelsea. The 42-year-old goalkeeper has extensive experience in the Premier League, having played for the likes of Fulham and Chelsea beforehand. Schwarzer is seen as a valuable addition for Leicester, given his experience as a back-up goalkeeper, and is likely to play a supportive role to their current first-choice shotstopper Kasper Schmeichel. The Foxes' transfer activities have not stopped there, as they have been linked with Feyenoord midfielder Lex Immers. The 28-year-old Dutchman is a versatile player who is capable of playing in various positions in the midfield. He has been in good form in Eredivisie this season, having scored 7 goals in 20 appearances for his side so far. Immers is known for his technical abilities, and his versatility would be a boost for Leicester manager Nigel Pearson, as he aims to strengthen his midfield for the remainder of the season. Leicester have been quite active in the transfer market, as they aim to sustain their place in the Premier League. The investments made in Kramaric, Schwarzer and potentially Immers, show that they are prepared to spend big in order to make an impact in the league. The Foxes will hope that their new signings can help turn their fortunes around as they battle for survival in one of the world's most competitive leagues.