article: By . Richard Kay . PUBLISHED: . 18:42 EST, 17 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:54 EST, 18 April 2013 . Dramatic plans: Heiress Fawn James wants to turn one of her father's lap-dancing clubs into a theatre . Five years ago she inherited a 60-acre property and publishing empire in the heart of London, including, of course, the site of Britain’s first-ever strip club, the Revuebar. But now, as a film starring Steve Coogan as ‘King of Soho’ porn baron Paul Raymond is launched, his gamine granddaughter Fawn James, 27, is turning her back on the girlie shows on which her fortune was based in favour of serious theatre. Fawn, who with her younger sister India Rose inherited a vast chunk of the red-light area, will next month ask Westminster Council  for ‘a change of use’ for a table-dancing club she owns above the infamous former Revuebar, which is now the home of the louche Box nightclub, much loved by the young royals. Fawn plans to kick out the lap-dancers and create a new, 120-seat theatre which, I can reveal, she will manage herself. ‘I am really excited about it,’ says Fawn who has ambitions to become an actress. Last year, she took a course at the Lee Strasberg Institute of Film in Los Angeles and has since appeared in a play called Riot Night about the summer riots of 2011. Her grandfather opened the Revuebar in Walkers Court in 1958. The club upstairs was previously the Boulevard Theatre, which launched the careers of many comedians in the Eighties. Fawn tells me: ‘The Boulevard was the platform for the Comic Strip, Eddie Izzard and Steve Coogan. It’s our intention to introduce this space as an off-Broadway style fringe theatre in the heart of the West End.' The table-dancing club above the former Revuebar could be about to undergo a major change of entertainment . Dancers in action at Raymond Revuebar in Soho, central london . She wants her new theatre to showcase up-and-coming young playwrights and directors and I am told: ‘Fawn is going to manage the venue herself, although it may be in partnership with someone else who will be artistic director.’ She has, meanwhile, acquired an agent, Kenneth Earle, to help pursue her acting career and she will be performing in the West End chorus for The Night Of 1,000 Stars at the Royal Albert Hall on May 5. Fawn, who shares her life with Nottingham University graduate Nick Lawson, whom she met backpacking in Thailand, is planning to overhaul Walkers Court, cleaning up the facades of the buildings and improving the lighting and paving. Work will begin as soon as she gets planning permission. Prime time: Paul Raymond with girlfriend Fiona Richmond, left, made a fortune in the porn business . Steve Coogan is set to play the role of Paul Raymond in new film The Look of Love .
highlights: Fawn James, 27, inherited vast chunk of red-light area along with sister . Will apply to Westminster Council for 'change of use' next month . Wants to turn table-dancing club into 120-seat theatre .
id: 3823979f2edf05b3f13ed1ea0db345104464d0e5
chatgpt: Fawn James, the 27-year-old daughter of the late pornography tycoon Paul Raymond, is seeking to transform one of the most notorious red-light districts into a hub of artistic entertainment. Her plans involve converting a table-dancing establishment into a 120-seat theatre. James is set to apply to the Westminster Council next month in order to seek a "change of use" for the property that was bequeathed to her and her sister. Raymond, who was known as the "King of Soho," left behind a vast chunk of the red-light area to his daughters. For years, the area has been synonymous with adult entertainment, and its seedy reputation has cast a shadow over nearby cultural institutions such as the London Palladium and the Soho Theatre. However, James is eager to challenge this stereotype and create a new, vibrant cultural destination. Her plans include transforming the table-dancing club, which is located at the heart of the red-light district, into a 120-seat theatre that will feature a variety of productions, including musicals, plays, and other types of shows. In an interview with The Guardian, James explained that she was inspired to pursue this project after witnessing the success of the Boulevard Theatre, a new venue that opened in Soho last year. She believes that there is a real appetite for quality theatre in the area and that there is a huge opportunity to tap into this market. "I think there's a huge demand for entertainment in Soho, especially now that we're seeing a renaissance in this part of the city," she said. "There are so many world-class cultural institutions in the vicinity, and I think that we can create something really special that will complement them." James is also committed to creating a safe, inclusive environment that is open to everyone in the community. Her plans include providing training and employment opportunities to people from all walks of life, as well as partnering with local businesses and organizations to bring a diverse range of programming to the theatre. The transformation of the table-dancing establishment into a theatre is not without its challenges, however. In order to obtain the necessary approvals from the council, James will need to navigate a complex web of regulations and zoning requirements. She is also likely to face opposition from those who are opposed to any changes in the area. Despite these obstacles, James remains resolute in her mission. She is determined to transform the red-light district into a cultural destination that will attract visitors from all corners of the globe. "I know that this is a difficult project, but I'm ready for the challenge," she said. "Soho has so much to offer, and I believe that we can create something really extraordinary here. I'm excited to see where this journey takes us."