article: SAN FRANCISCO, California (CNN) -- Steroid test results and notes and calendars from his then-trainer are among the evidence federal prosecutors have amassed in their perjury case against baseball home-run king Barry Bonds, according to documents unsealed Wednesday. Barry Bonds, shown at his most recent court appearance, is accused of lying to a grand jury. The 223-page stack of documents unsealed by a federal judge represents much of the government's case against Bonds, who is accused of obstructing justice and lying to a grand jury investigating the use of steroids in professional sports. Prosecutors say the test results show Bonds was using performance-enhancing substances -- including a then-undetectable designer drug -- at a time he denied knowingly using any. Bonds' attorneys are seeking to keep much of that evidence out of court. The 44-year-old former San Francisco Giants slugger holds Major League Baseball's single-season and all-time home-run titles, but his achievements have been shadowed by allegations he used performance-enhancing drugs. Bonds pleaded not guilty to the perjury and obstruction of justice charges and has been free on $500,000 bond. A hearing in the case is scheduled for Thursday. The charges stem from his 2003 appearance before a federal grand jury probing the distribution of steroids by the San Francisco-area Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative, or BALCO. Bonds told the grand jury that his former personal trainer, Greg Anderson, gave him a cream that he said was flaxseed oil to use on his arm in 2003. Anderson spent three months in prison after admitting distributing steroids and was later jailed for refusing to cooperate with prosecutors. The case against Bonds will include calendars kept by Anderson that prosecutors say were used to keep Bonds and other athletes on a doping regimen -- an assertion expected to be bolstered by the testimony of other athletes, they said. Evidence will include a recording of a phone conversation with an associate in which Anderson "describes injecting the defendant, having the ability to obtain and utilize inside information about MLB's random drug testing to the defendant's benefit and the undetectable nature of what Anderson had been doing," according to documents. Bonds won seven National League MVP titles during his 22-year career, 15 years of which was spent with the Giants. The team released him after the 2007 season, just weeks after he broke Hank Aaron's career home-run record.
highlights: NEW: Bonds' attorneys are seeking to keep many of the documents out of court . NEW: Evidence will include phone conversation about "injecting the defendant" NEW: Hearing in the perjury case is scheduled for Thursday . Steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unsealed .
id: 7725386be50e432c4a787e692bc71064942da992
chatgpt: Attorneys for former baseball superstar Barry Bonds are seeking to keep many documents out of court in an upcoming hearing on a perjury case. The documents in question contain steroid test results and notes from Bonds' ex-trainer.  A hearing in the case is scheduled for Thursday, and evidence to be presented will include a phone conversation about "injecting the defendant." Bonds has been accused of lying to a grand jury in 2003 about his use of performance-enhancing drugs.  Bonds' attorneys are expected to argue that the evidence is irrelevant and prejudicial. They have also claimed that the phone conversation was illegally recorded. However, prosecutors insist that the evidence is crucial to their case against Bonds.  The unsealed documents shed light on Bonds' alleged use of steroids, including notes from his ex-trainer, Greg Anderson, who pleaded guilty to distributing steroids in 2005. The documents also include correspondence between Bonds and Anderson regarding steroid use.  Bonds has consistently denied ever knowingly using performance-enhancing drugs. However, his former personal assistant, Kathy Hoskins, testified in a previous trial that she saw Bonds being injected by Anderson.  The perjury case against Bonds has been ongoing for years. A grand jury indicted Bonds in 2007 on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice. He was convicted on one count of obstruction, but the jury deadlocked on the perjury charges.  In 2011, the government filed new charges against Bonds, alleging that he lied to a grand jury about his use of performance-enhancing drugs. The trial was delayed for years due to various legal challenges, but it finally began in 2015.  Bonds' attorneys have argued that the case is a result of prosecutorial misconduct and that the government has unfairly targeted Bonds. They have also claimed that the government's case is weak and that Bonds did not knowingly make false statements to the grand jury.  If convicted, Bonds could face up to 10 years in prison for obstruction of justice and up to 5 years for perjury. However, legal experts have predicted that he is unlikely to receive the maximum sentence. Bonds remains a controversial figure in the baseball world, with many fans and commentators divided over whether he should be inducted into the Hall of Fame.