article: By . Louise Cheer . This is the controversial banner which could be removed by council in the local area of Evans Head . It is a sight often seen on the beaches of Evans Head but signs with a bikini-clad teenager walking across with her surfboard has caused a wave of controversy. The image appeared on promotional banners in a main street in Evans Head - a coastal town in northern New South Wales. But Richmond Valley Council - which takes in Evans Head - has taken down the signs after receiving a complaint from a constituent who said it was inappropriate. The move by the council has caused such a stir that there is now a petition to re-instate the banners. So far, it has garnered 160 signatures, with the target set at 400 - which petition organiser Petria Powell said would be a good representation of the views of the 3,000-strong town. The girl at the centre of the drama is teenage athlete Kirrah Cooke, 17, who is a local identity. Kirrah represents the region in longboarding, soccer and cross country, and said she was shocked by the reaction. 'I feel that it’s kind of ridiculous because we live in a real beachy community and you see it everywhere,' she said. 'Just because a minority were against it, it was taken down - I just don’t understand why that would happen. 'We live in a democratic society, so you think a majority would rule. 'Whoever complained, they must be unaware of the beach culture that we live in here.' Kirrah said the move to remove the signs was sexist. 'People see things so differently if a guy was topless. In my mind, if it was a guy no one would have complained,' she said. 'If anything, it's was promoting female surfing and a healthy lifestyle.' Kirrah Cooke, the young woman featured on the poster doesn't see why the image is offensive in such a beachy communitiy . The removal of the signs has caused such a stir that Evans Head business owner Petria Powell has started up a petition to reinstate them. The Muzza's Milk Bar owner said she was angered by the move. 'There’s nothing wrong with the picture,' Ms Powell said. More... 'Australia, thanks for being understanding': Megan Washington shows gratitude to fans for support after revealing she has had a debilitating stutter all her life . How too much junk food could destroy a young person's bowel: By bravely posing with her colostomy bag, Bethany has highlighted a disease that is on the rise . 'I saw council removing it on Friday because of one resident in the town who said it sexist and wasn’t appropriate for the town. 'But it’s the complete opposite because Evans Head is for young people and surfing.' MailOnline has contacted Richmond Valley Council for comment on the matter. Local residents have started a petition to have the posters re-instated .
highlights: Kirrah Cooke dons a bikini in the photo that has been deemed offensive . The 17-year-old labelled the removal of the Evans Head signs as 'sexist' 'If it was a guy no one would have complained,' Cooke says . A petition has been started in the NSW coastal town to get them back .
id: 81c83c0d6bd24bb5a8c780a1b40c4d642ae503a0
chatgpt: Residents of the New South Wales coastal town of Evans Head were shocked this week when a controversial photo took over social media. The photo, featuring local teenager Kirrah Cooke in a bikini, has caused a stir among some residents, who have labeled the image as "sexist". The photo shows Cooke posing in her swimsuit in front of one of the town's signs, which were recently removed due to concerns over their safety. Despite the removal being deemed necessary by council members, Cooke has been vocal in her opposition to the decision, stating that the signs held great significance for the local community. Following the photo's release, Cooke found herself at the center of a social media storm, with some users labeling the image as "sexual" and "disrespectful". However, Cooke argued that if a male member of the community had taken a photo in his swim trunks in front of the sign, it would not have caused such uproar. "I think it's really unfair that people are making such a big deal out of this," Cooke said. "If it was a guy no one would have complained. It's just ridiculous to me." Despite the controversy, Cooke has found a strong support base online, with a petition being started by supporters to have the signs reinstated in the town. The petition has already garnered a significant number of signatures, with locals stating that they believe the removal of the signs was not only unnecessary but also sexist in nature. "Kirrah has brought to light an important issue that affect many of us living in small towns," said one supporter on the petition page. "We deserve the same level of respect and consideration as anyone else, and Kirrah's actions have shone a light on the inherent sexism that still exists in our society." The debate surrounding Cooke's photo and the removal of the signs has once again throught to the forefront issues of sexism and objectification, particularly within small-town communities. While some have criticized Cooke for her actions, others argue that she has done an important thing by highlighting the ongoing struggles faced by women in such communities. As the debate rages on, it is clear that Cooke will continue to be a lightning rod for opinions and strong emotions. With the petition gaining momentum and support coming in from all corners, it is uncertain what the future holds for the Evans Head signs and Cooke's controversial photo. However, one thing is certain – the debate has only just begun.