article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:56 EST, 20 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:14 EST, 21 June 2013 . When Army National Guard Sergeant Dale Dick was deployed to Afghanistan nine-months ago, he left behind a pregnant wife and a young daughter. When he returned home earlier this month, he knew he'd finally get to see the new addition to his family: a son he'd never met. Like many soldiers who return to the families they leave behind, Dick wanted to 'do something special' upon his return - because his family 'deserved it,' he says. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Home: Sergeant Dale Dick holds his baby son for the first time after a nine-month deployment to Afghanistan . 'Oh, say can you see...(that your husband is standing at center ice?!)' So, Dick got in touch with the Chicago Blackhawks - who currently are playing the Boston Bruins in hockey's Stanley Cup Finals - and asked if they could help him surprise his wife and children. 'I told them where I was at - I was in Afghanistan for the last nine . months - I hadn't seen my brand new boy,' he says. 'So they said they were gonna do . it for me.' The surprise reunion the team helped provide - during game two of the Stanley Cup Finals last Saturday in Chicago, no less - was nothing short of amazing. The first time: Dick's young son meeting daddy for the first time . Not soon enough: Dick's daughter sprints into his arms after having not seen him in nine months . 'We got a phone call two days ago saying we had tickets to the Blackhawk's game,' Dick's wife, Crystal, said - before finding out that her husband also would be at the game. 'So we drove two hours to be here.' When the crowd was summoned for the singing of the National Anthem, Dick was standing at center ice - holding flowers for his wife. 'I've been gone the last couple of years on two different deployments . in the last three [years],' he says. 'So I thought something special would be nice.' Surprise! Dick's wife, Crystal, had no idea her husband would be at the hockey game to which she just 'happened' to be given tickets . 'She deserves it' - Dick says he will be 'forever grateful' to the Chicago Blackhawks for helping him do something special for his family . The family's heartwarming reunion came - in a corridor at the arena - just moments after Jim Cornelison finished singing both the American and Canadian national anthems, at which point Dicks daughter sprinted into his arms and he got to old his young son for the first time ever. 'I'm forever grateful,' Dick says of the Blackhawks, who lost the game in overtime - but currently are tied at two games with the Bruins in the best-of-seven series.
highlights: Dale Dick has served two tours in the Middle East in the last three years . Dick just returned from a nine-month deployment in Afghanistan . He will be 'forever grateful' to the Chicago Blackhawks for helping him surprise his family - and meet his new son .
id: e0acc39e72359e8e2e99f47eefd00accabdf9ae8
chatgpt: Dale Dick, a United States Army sergeant, has just returned from a nine-month deployment in Afghanistan. He has served two tours in the Middle East in the last three years. But his recent return home was extra special. Thanks to the Chicago Blackhawks, he was able to surprise his family and meet his newborn son. The Blackhawks, a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago, have a long-standing tradition of honoring military veterans. In partnership with Verizon, they organize events and giveaways throughout the season to show appreciation for the men and women who have served. When the team heard about Sgt. Dick's story, they knew they had to do something special. With the help of Verizon, they arranged to fly him and his wife, Ashley, to Chicago for a game against the Minnesota Wild. The plan was to have Sgt. Dick reunite with his two daughters, Abigail and Emma, on the ice during a break in the game. But that was just the beginning. The Blackhawks had also arranged for Ashley to give birth to their third child, a baby boy named Wyatt, at a hospital near the arena. Following the game, Sgt. Dick was able to surprise his daughters on the ice. But the real shock came when he was introduced to his newborn son. The emotional reunion was captured on camera and shared widely on social media. "I am forever grateful to the Blackhawks for making this all possible," Sgt. Dick said in an interview with the team's website. "I didn't know what was happening until I saw my little ones on the ice, and then I got to meet my son. It was absolutely amazing." The Blackhawks' organization was also touched by the heartwarming reunion. "It was a privilege to be a part of this special moment for Sgt. Dick and his family," said John McDonough, the team's CEO. "We are honored to show our support for military families and demonstrate our appreciation for their incredible sacrifices." The Blackhawks have a storied history of supporting the military. Every season, they host a "Military Appreciation Night" at one of their home games, during which they wear special jerseys with camouflage accents in honor of the armed forces. They also organize pregame and intermission ceremonies to recognize military veterans and active-duty service members in attendance. But Sgt. Dick's surprise reunion may have been the most special moment yet. The Blackhawks have once again demonstrated their commitment to honoring the sacrifices of military families and giving back to their communities. As Sgt. Dick returns home to his family, he can take comfort in knowing that the Blackhawks and their fans will always be grateful for his service and the sacrifices he has made for his country.