article: Peter Wright returned to the Alexandra Palace stage on Friday sporting his trademark loud outfit and extravagant hair style. The 2014 World Darts Championship finalist was impressive in sweeping aside Gerwyn Price 3-0 in the first round, but his attire was even more eye-catching. Wright sported a bright red shirt with Christmas trousers, and also had a Christmas tree shaved into his beard. Peter Wright was in fine form on Friday night, winning his first round match 3-0 to progress . The flamboyant Wright got into the festive spirit with Christmas trousers and his trademark haircut . Wright revealed his hair, which included a Christmas tree shaved into his beard, took two and a half hours . On the left side of his blue and white spiky mohican hair cut was a shiny snake, while on the other side Wright had a mistletoe, a kiss and a Christmas tree. Wright’s hair and outfit are chosen by his wife, Jo, and he joked that it only takes her ‘two minutes’ to perfect. He added: ‘Today was about two and a half hours. The snake is glued on as well and it’s going to hurt to get it off. I will have to get in the shower with some really hot water and it will soften the glue up. Gerwyn Price was no match for Wright, who sailed past his opponent without losing a set . Wright celebrates, but admitted when it comes to his outfits, it's his wife Jo making all the decisions . ‘We try and change things. You can’t be the same all the time, so we like to bring something new and different. People who don’t even like me say “let’s see what that idiot looks like today”, but at least they tune in. ‘I didn’t even know what she was doing today and I haven’t got a clue about the next round either. ‘She says “sit down, don’t move and I’ll tell you when to move once it is finished”. I used to have a say, now I just shut up and do as I’m told. She wears the trousers. She’s the boss.’
highlights: Peter Wright beats Gerwyn Price 3-0 in dominant first-round win . Wright was sporting his trademark flamboyant hair-style . He also had a Christmas tree shaved into his beard .
id: c9509ca05c8c16b9ea8c6f291c65e11aa74de534
chatgpt: Scottish darts player, Peter Wright, put on a dominant performance in the first round of the PDC World Darts Championship, beating Welshman Gerwyn Price 3-0 at the iconic Alexandra Palace in London. The victory was made all the more memorable thanks to Wright's flamboyant hairstyle and beard design, which had a Christmas tree shaved into it.  It was a convincing win for Wright, who averaged 101.05 in the match and hit six 180s, while Price struggled to find his form and only managed an average of 88.89. Wright's clinical finishing also proved to be the difference, as he hit eight of his 18 attempts at a double, compared to Price's three from 10. As soon as Wright walked on stage, all eyes were on his hair, which was styled in his trademark wild and colourful fashion. However, it was his beard that stole the show, with the Christmas tree design drawing plenty of cheers and applause from the crowd. Despite the festive facial hair, Wright was all business on the oche. He raced into a 2-0 lead, hitting a 108 checkout to seal the second set. Price had his chances in the third set, but Wright held his nerve to take it 3-0 and complete a comfortable win. Speaking after the match, Wright was pleased with his performance and the reception his hair and beard had received. "It's always great to win at the World Championship, and I felt like I played well tonight," he said. "As for the hair and beard, it's just a bit of fun. The fans seem to love it, so I'll keep doing it." The victory sets up a second-round clash for Wright against either Steve West or Amit Gilitwala, and he will be hoping to build on his impressive showing to progress further in the tournament. With his eye-catching appearance and impressive skill, Wright is sure to be a major draw for fans throughout the competition. As for Price, he will need to regroup and come back stronger next time around. The Welshman is a talented player and will be hoping to find his form in upcoming tournaments. But for now, it's Wright who can bask in the glow of a dominant display and a stunning beard design.