article: Caterham have raised over £1million in just 48 hours in their controversial bid to make the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. The cash-strapped team’s administrators revealed a plan on Friday to raise £2.35m in order to make the season finale in a fortnight’s time. The ‘crowdfunding’ scheme calls on fans to contribute a minimum of £1 in exchange for car parts, merchandise and even dinner with one of this year’s drivers; Japan’s Kamui Kobayashi or Swedish rookie Marcus Ericsson. Caterham need to raise in excess of £2million to make the Formula One season finale in Abu Dhabi . The administrators at Caterham have launched an initiative in a bid to get the struggling team to Abu Dhabi . £40 - Special Edition Baseball Cap . £225 - A pair of pit team boots . £500 - A pair of pit team overalls . £1,000 - Your name on a race car . £3,000 - Rear wing from 2013 race car . £45,000 - Corporate Hospitality . And in the hours ahead of the Brazilian Grand Prix, where neither Caterham nor Marussia, who went out of business earlier this week are competing, the Leafield-based team had hit seven figures.They have until Friday to raise the cash. The unique scheme hasn’t appeased all in the sport however, with ringmaster Bernie Ecclestone describing it as a 'disaster' for F1. The 84-year-old said: 'It's up to the fans if that's what they want to do. I think it's a disaster. We don't want begging bowls. If people can't afford to be in Formula One, they have to find something else to do. The cash-strapped team have until Friday to accumulate the money required to make the race . 'If I sit in a poker game and I can't afford to be there with the other people, I get killed and have to leave. 'I don't know what they do with their money. I don't spend their money. We just give it to them. 'We give the teams nearly $900 million a year. We don't spend it.' Red Bull team principal Christian Horner added: ‘Certainly I don't agree with fans having to fund a team. ‘The fans pay to be entertained by the teams, they shouldn't have to pay for a team. The concept of that is wrong and shouldn't be allowed. It's important Formula One doesn't do it's dirty washing in public.’
highlights: Administrators launched 'crowdfunding' project in bid to help F1 team . Fans can contribute just £1 in exchange for car parts and merchandise . Caterham claim they need £2.35m to make final race of season in Abu Dhabi . And in hours ahead of Brazilian Grand Prix they passed the £1m mark .
id: 07bfb6b732ccbca61fa7962f420b8cdcc245bcc7
chatgpt: Caterham F1 team has launched a crowdfunding initiative in hopes of raising funds to compete at the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi. The team claims that they need £2.35m in order to compete, and with the help of fans, they have already surpassed the £1m fundraising mark. The crowdfunding project allows fans to contribute as little as £1, in exchange for car parts and merchandise. Caterham F1 team administrators believe that this initiative will allow fans to feel close to the team and contribute to its success in a meaningful way. The crowdfunding campaign began just hours ahead of the Brazilian Grand Prix and has already shown great success in reaching the targeted goal for the final race of the season. News of the campaign quickly spread once it was announced and fans from all over the world began to support the initiative. Despite the struggles of the team this season, Caterham remains hopeful that they will find the funds necessary to compete in Abu Dhabi. Team principal, Manfredi Ravetto, expressed his gratitude for the outpouring of support from fans and their willingness to contribute to the crowdfunding project. The Caterham F1 team was originally formed in 2010 and has been competing in the championship ever since. However, due to financial difficulties, the team was not able to compete in the United States Grand Prix in Austin, Texas, and the Brazilian Grand Prix. This put the team's future in jeopardy, and the crowdfunding initiative is seen as a last resort to keep the team alive. Some experts have criticised the crowdfunding initiative as a failure of the team's management and believe that such financial difficulties would not arise if the team was properly managed. However, the majority of F1 fans are supporting the initiative and hoping for the best for the team in the final race of the season. With the news of this successful crowdfunding campaign, it is certain that other struggling teams around the world will take notice and look for similar ways to secure funding. Crowdfunding has the potential to be a game-changer in the world of F1, and its success could prompt other teams to consider alternative methods of financing in the future. For now, Caterham F1 team is focused on the final race of the season and the success of their crowdfunding initiative. If they are able to secure the necessary funding, it will be a victory not only for the team but also for the fans who supported their efforts.