article: A cardiologist is being sued by a New York City strip club for not paying over $135,000 - and says he  was drugged by the club's employees. Dr. Zyad Kivarkis Younan, a cardiologist at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Jersey, has claimed that he did not authorize $135,303 worth of charges to his American Express card at Scores New York because, he claims, he was 'drugged' by an employee of the club and was incapable of approving the charges. According to the lawsuit, Scores claims Younan 'contested the charges alleging that he was drugged by plaintiff’s employees and thus did not authorize the charges and/or he was not at plaintiff’s place of business on the aforesaid dates.' The club, however, says it has Younan on video at the club four times over a 10-day period in November. 'Drugged': Dr. Zyad Younan, pictured, said he was drugged by employees at Scores New York and did not authorize over $135,000 charged to his credit card . In a lawsuit filed with Manhattan Supreme Court and obtained by the New York Daily News, the strip club says Younan came of his own accord during his four trips to the jiggle-joint in November. It alleges Younan 'voluntarily came to plaintiff’s place of business and requested that plaintiff provide him with food, beverages and services.' Club manager Stephen Hyman told the paper that it's not unusual for a person to run up a big bill at Scores. He says, however, that it is unusual when someone doesn't pay. 'We get a lot of very wealthy people here. You can run up a bill,' he said. Just to get in the door at Scores will cost you $20. Bottles of champagne can sometimes cost more than $1,000. A meal at the club, the paper reports, will easily run you $250, and guests are allowed to leave tips for the dancers on their credit cards. 'We charge reasonable — for us — prices for liquor. We don’t cater to beer drinkers,' Hyman said. Plaintiff: Scores New York has filed a lawsuit against Younan for the money, and says he came 'voluntarily' to the club . As for Younan's claim that he was incapacitated when he was at the club, Hyman says, 'he was coherent until he saw the bill - or his wife saw the bill.' Scores representative Steven Sabbeth told the NY Post 'This happens every once in a while, people get out of control with their credit cards, and then they wake up the next morning and realize what they’ve done.' 'They knew it the night before, but I guess it didn’t bother them because they were enjoying themselves.'
highlights: Dr. Zyad Younan, a New Jersey cardiologist, say he was drugged by employees at Scores New York . Claims he did not authorize $135,303 worth of charges and that he wasn't even at the club on certain dates . Club says it has video of the doctor visiting the jiggle-joint four times over a 10-day period . Scores has filed a lawsuit against Younan and says it has him on video at the strip club on FOUR separate occasions .
id: 9c0c6dda7e5311b1fd39c42ce8a7583be5708d6b
chatgpt: New Jersey cardiologist, Dr. Zyad Younan, has made shocking claims that he was drugged by Scores New York’s employees, leading to unauthorized charges amounting to $135,303 at the strip club. Younan further claimed that he was not even present at the club on certain dates, thereby insinuating the possibility of fraudulent charges being made. Scores New York, a prominent strip club in Manhattan, has since refuted Younan's claims, insisting that they have video evidence of the doctor visiting the establishment on four different occasions during a 10-day period. The ensuing drama has led to Scores New York taking legal action against Younan, accusing him of running up the large tab, which he adamantly denies. According to the strip club's management, the video evidence they have will prove their case, which is going to court soon. Younan's claims of being drugged by Scores New York's employees have also raised several questions in the world of medicine. The doctor, with over 25 years of experience, has claimed that he could not recall his time at the club or authorize the charges made to his credit card, leaving experts scratching their heads. Meanwhile, his medical license is reportedly under review by the New Jersey Board of Medical Examiners. This has inevitably led to concerns by his patients, who are questioning his credibility. The incident has also shone a light on the strip club industry, with advocates for tighter regulations calling for greater accountability on the part of club owners. Scores New York, which had previously been investigated for alleged financial and legal violations, has had to take action to clear its name. The club has gone on record to state that it had no reason to drug the esteemed cardiologist and that it has set in motion measures to protect its reputation and that of the industry at large. The case is set to be a monumental one, as it touches on issues of credibility and accountability on both sides. The medical community is watching the proceedings closely, as are the patrons of Scores New York and strip club owners around the country. At the heart of it all, Dr. Zyad Younan's claims of being drugged by employees of Scores New York have raised the specter of a dark underworld behind the glitz and glamour of strip club life. Although the club vehemently denies the doctor's claims, the case is far from over, and we will keep following developments as they unfold.