article: These pictures of a mentally ill man naked and chained to a wall in the most appalling conditions are enough to shock even the hardest amongst us. But amazingly his mother, who has kept him locked in a ruined barn in Chongqing, southern China for 23 years, claims it is for 'his own good' and that she loves him dearly. Xiao Anrong, 76, is now appealing for help to care for Tang Zuhua, 40, because she says she is worried about what will happen to him when she dies. Cold ground: Tang sleeps on the floor of the barn because his mother cannot afford straw for his bed . Locked up: Tang's leg muscles have wasted away because he has been chained up for so long and he can no longer walk . Since her two other children left home, Xiao has cared for him on her own and has to bathe him, trim his hair, clean out his barn and feed him while living on a pension of £16 a month. She claims her son has to be kept chained and naked because he tears up any clothes he is given and is a danger to himself. After being chained to the wall for 23 years, Tang can no longer walk properly because his leg muscles have wasted away. He sleeps on the bare ground as Xiao cannot afford straw for his bedding. Climbing the walls: Tang has been chained up in the barn since he was 17, when he became violent, according to his mother . She said: 'I hope somebody can help me - I fear for the future for my poor boy when I am no longer here. 'I have three children but although his brother and sister are normal he was never normal, and when he was 17 he became violent and smashed things. 'We locked him in the barn and had to chain him to keep him there - and because he always ripped up his clothes we have to leave him naked.' She said: 'Some kind neighbours donate food. Otherwise we wouldn't manage.' Harsh conditions: Xiao Anrong gives her 40-year-old mentally-ill son Tang Zuhua a haircut. She has appealed for someone to look after him when she dies .
highlights: Tang is naked because he tears up any clothes given to him, says his mother . He sleeps on the ground because she can't afford straw for his bed .
id: df004ca4133a8c664776121737c2fa74f340dabe
chatgpt: In rural China, a mother's plea for help for her son has captured the hearts of millions. The poignant story of Tang, a young man who sleeps on the ground and is always naked, has grabbed the attention of the national press. Tang's mother has revealed that her son tears up any clothes given to him, leaving him with nothing to wear. This has led to him always being naked, something that has caused many to ask how they can help. Speaking to a local newspaper, his mother explained that she cannot afford to buy straw for Tang's bed, forcing him to sleep on the ground. This, coupled with his lack of clothing, is a sorry sight that has touched the nation. Many have come forward with offers of help, including donations of clothes and financial contributions. Tang's mother says that his situation has become unbearable, and she is grateful for any help that she can get. Tang's story is just one of many in China, where poverty and inequality are still widespread. Despite the government's best efforts to eradicate poverty, there are still many who struggle to make ends meet. The story has also raised questions about mental health and the challenges faced by those living with disabilities. Tang has not been formally diagnosed with any specific condition, but his behavior is indicative of someone who may be struggling. Despite this, his mother has never given up on him, and her love and dedication have been an inspiration to many. She says that she will keep fighting for her son, no matter what obstacles she may face. Many have called on the government to do more to help people like Tang and his mother. There have been calls for better mental health services and for more to be done to tackle poverty and inequality. In the meantime, Tang's story has shown that even in the bleakest of situations, there is hope. The outpouring of support for him and his mother is proof that there are still good people in the world who are willing to help those in need. As Tang's mother bravely continues her fight to provide for her son, she can take comfort in the knowledge that the nation is behind her. Hopefully, her story will remind us all of the power of love and the importance of never giving up.