article: By . Katy Winter . When asking a father for his daughter's hand in marriage, the worst scenario most young men are likely to encounter is a grilling by their potential father-in-law. But when Jake Thompson asked for Steve Bennett’s daughter Hannah’s hand at Christmas, he got more than he bargained for. Steve agreed on the provision that Jake accompanied him on a planned charity trek to the North Pole. Jake Thompson (l) asked Steve (c) for his daughter Hannah's (r) hand in marriage at Christmas . Steve and Jake embarked on an epic 10 day trek which saw them walk, ski and sledge to the North Pole in temperatures of -50 degrees Celsius . Jake and Hannah have been together since they were childhood sweethearts . Having been childhood sweethearts with Steve’s daughter Hannah and determined to marry her, Jake, 23, who lives with Hannah in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire had no choice but to agree. So, last month, he found himself jetting out to the 89th latitude (the last degree) along with Steve, who lives in Redditch, before embarking on an epic 10 day trek which saw them walk, ski and sledge to the North Pole in temperatures of -50 degrees celsius. Guided by Alan Chambers, the first Briton to walk unaided to the North Pole, the team successfully navigated their 100kg sledges through the moving ice of the Arctic Circle. Steve Bennett, CEO of Birmingham based jewellery company The Genuine Gemstone Company is proud of his business’s family routes. Steve and Jake formed half of the only British team expected to make it to The North Pole this year, battling through temperatures as low as -50 . As well as being initiated into the family, Jake helped raise in excess of £30,000 for the Colourful Life Foundation and National Osteoporosis Society . Steve rather humbly says of his amazing trip: 'It will be a great story to tell our future children!' So much so, that he felt this latest venture, in the name of charities The Colourful Life Foundation and National Osteoporosis Society would be the perfect initiation into initiation into the family. Speaking about his decision to recruit Jake to the challenge, Steve said: 'This seemed to be the perfect opportunity for Jake to prove his commitment to marrying my daughter! 'But on a serious note, it's a great challenge for a great cause. I needed someone I can rely on during those dark and difficult moments and Jake proved to be the man to accompany me.' Jake added,'Hannah and I have been together for eight years so I didn’t think there would be any objection from Steve. 'When he told me, I panicked but there was no way I was going to back out. And it’ll be a great story to tell our future children!' Steve and Jake formed half of the only British team expected to make it to The North Pole this year and they raised in excess of £30,000 for the Colourful Life Foundation and National Osteoporosis Society.
highlights: Hannah and Jake have been sweethearts since childhood . Father-in-law Steve wanted Jake to prove commitment to marriage . Also saw it as a way of induction into the close family . Pair navigated 100kg sledges through the moving ice of the Arctic Circle . Temperatures dropped as low as -50 degrees Celsius . Raised over £30,000 for the Colourful Life Foundation and National Osteoporosis Society .
id: 6b5a56af7fbf11f33a943a89bf64b6c159c2512b
chatgpt: Childhood sweethearts Hannah and Jake have proven their commitment to one another and to a good cause by navigating their way through the moving ice of the Arctic Circle. With temperatures dropping as low as -50 degrees Celsius, the adventurous couple successfully raised over £30,000 for the Colourful Life Foundation and the National Osteoporosis Society. For father-in-law Steve, Jake's ability to prove his commitment to the marriage through an unconventional Arctic adventure was a welcome and exciting sign for the future. The proud father-in-law saw Jake's willingness to take on the extraordinary challenge as a way of inducting him into the close family. Despite many challenges along the way, Hannah and Jake navigated their way through the highly unpredictable and constantly shifting ice with ease. The pair was forced to pull 100kg sledges for most of their trek, battling against unforgiving weather conditions and the ever-changing landscape of the Arctic Circle. It was a challenge that tested the couple's endurance and showed their unwavering determination. But for Hannah and Jake, the mission was more significant than just proving their physical capabilities. Their expedition raised awareness and funds for two organizations close to their hearts, the Colourful Life Foundation and the National Osteoporosis Society. The Colourful Life Foundation, a UK-based charity, aims to break the cycle of poverty through education and vocational training in underprivileged communities worldwide. The National Osteoporosis Society is a charity dedicated to combating osteoporosis, a debilitating bone disease that affects thousands of people across the UK. For Hannah and Jake, the opportunity to give back to these two causes was a defining moment in their relationship. As childhood sweethearts, they have grown up together, experiencing all the ups and downs that life has thrown their way. The Arctic Circle challenge was just the latest and most significant chapter in their long and enduring partnership. Throughout their journey, Hannah and Jake experienced the harsh realities of Arctic living. They had to navigate their way through ice-filled waters, negotiate steep inclines, and deal with the constant threat of hypothermia. But it was this spirit of resilience and determination that ultimately saw them emerge victorious. As they made their way back home, with the Arctic Circle behind them, Hannah and Jake could be proud of their monumental achievement. They had proved their commitment to one another, fulfilled the expectations of their father-in-law, and made a tangible difference in the lives of thousands of individuals aided by the Colourful Life Foundation and the National Osteoporosis Society. As Jake and Hannah prepare to enter the next phase of their lives, following their Arctic conquest, their bond is stronger than ever. They have shown the world that endurance, perseverance, and a deep commitment to a worthy cause can take even the most extraordinary of challenges, and triumph in the end.