article: Apparently, when it comes to Middle-earth, director Peter Jackson thinks three is the magic number. Last month at Comic-Con, Jackson teased fans with the idea that he was interested in pushing beyond his planned two-film adaptation of  "The Hobbit." Today, after weeks of intensive talks with Warner Bros. over how exactly that might be achieved, Jackson announced on his Facebook page that he is, in fact, going to turn "The Hobbit" into a trilogy. "It is only at the end of a shoot that you finally get the chance to sit down and have a look at the film you have made," Jackson wrote. "Recently Fran [Walsh], Phil[lippa Boyens] and I did just this when we watched for the first time an early cut of the first movie — and a large chunk of the second. We were really pleased with the way the story was coming together, in particular, the strength of the characters and the cast who have brought them to life. All of which gave rise to a simple question: do we take this chance to tell more of the tale? And the answer from our perspective as the filmmakers, and as fans, was an unreserved 'yes.'" How exactly The Hobbit will be turned into a three-film series is still somewhat unclear, though. As Jackson has acknowledged, "The Hobbit" is a slender story compared with the far more sprawling and complex "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. But the director is drawing not only on the original book, but also on more than a hundred pages of appendices Tolkien later wrote that expanded on the world of  "The Hobbit." Jackson is obviously confident that all of this material taken together can sustain three films and hinted in his announcement at what narrative elements will be incorporated to fill out the trilogy. "We know how much of the story of Bilbo Baggins, the Wizard Gandalf, the Dwarves of Erebor, the rise of the Necromancer, and the Battle of Dol Guldur will remain untold if we do not take this chance," he wrote. "The richness of the story of The Hobbit, as well as some of the related material in the appendices of The Lord of the Rings, allows us to tell the full story of the adventures of Bilbo Baggins and the part he played in the sometimes dangerous, but at all times exciting, history of Middle-earth." The first installment in the trilogy, subtitled "An Unexpected Journey," hits theaters Dec. 14, 2012. The second film is slated for Dec. 13, 2013. The last installment will hit theaters in the summer of 2014. See full story at EW.com.
highlights: Peter Jackson has announced "The Hobbit" will be a trilogy . The director made the announcement on his Facebook page . The first installment in the trilogy hits theaters Dec. 14 .
id: 152f019e80a4bfde00d6c5336e223378809b42d8
chatgpt: In a surprising move, renowned director Peter Jackson has announced that "The Hobbit" will be a trilogy, rather than the previously announced two-part series. Jackson made the announcement on his Facebook page, stunning fans who had assumed that they would only be seeing two films. The first installment in the new trilogy, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey," is set to hit theaters worldwide on December 14. Jackson's decision to turn the project into a trilogy has been met with mixed reactions, with some fans excited at the prospect of more content and others worried that the story may be stretched too thin. Jackson has stated that each film in the trilogy will stand on its own as a complete story, with its own beginning, middle, and end. However, the three films will also be connected by an overarching narrative, creating a cohesive and epic tale that spans a total of nine hours. "The Hobbit" is based on the novel by J.R.R. Tolkien, which tells the story of Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit who is recruited by a group of dwarves to help them reclaim their homeland from a dragon named Smaug. The novel is a prequel to Tolkien's beloved "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, which Jackson also adapted for the big screen. Jackson's decision to expand "The Hobbit" into a trilogy has raised questions about what new material he will be adding to the story. In a statement, the director revealed that some of the content for the third film will be drawn from the appendices of "The Lord of the Rings," which contain additional material about the world of Middle-Earth. Jackson's announcement has also sparked speculation about potential box office results. The first two films in the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy were massively successful, grossing over $2 billion worldwide. However, the final film, "The Return of the King," broke records and won 11 Academy Awards, making it one of the most successful films of all time. Fans will have to wait until December to see the first installment of "The Hobbit" trilogy and judge for themselves whether Jackson's decision was the right one. In the meantime, the director has promised to keep fans updated on the progress of the films and to release additional materials, including trailers and behind-the-scenes footage, to keep them excited for what is sure to be a thrilling cinematic experience.