article: (CNN) -- In the past two weeks, the U.S. Secret Service has had a number of agents either resign or get fired in disgrace for their actions in Colombia. The uniformed service members supporting the agents are being investigated under the Uniformed Code of Military Justice, and the media frenzy remains insatiable. Are we surprised? Isn't this story about grown men acting badly? Of course not, it's far more troubling. This is about at least one disciplined and professional organization failing to lead or act consistent with the discipline required of their service, whether it is the secret service or the military. Senators criticize military briefing on Colombia scandal . We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership and they failed at both. The good news is we found out about these shenanigans before this incredibly bad behavior became an acceptable new, lower standard. The problem, you see, is leadership has no variable speed, no levels of acceptance. There is but one standard. You either lead or you don't. Leadership is about getting people to do things they otherwise would not do when no one else is looking. Well, no surprise here that in our cyber world, when everything everyone does is subject to scrutiny, some one is always looking. Agent posted Palin picture on Facebook page . It's naïve to assume otherwise. The Secret Service and their military support team were idiots to assume that they could act badly and get away with it. As citizens and taxpayers, we'd expect good discipline from these folks without having to have some one check up on them. But sadly, they failed us and demonstrated that they need supervision. They need leadership. Don't think that this band of agents and their military support was anything other than a gaggle of guys, acting more like punks that leaders. My suggestion is that there was not one leader in the bunch. If there was a leader, he failed to show up for the most important mission he accepted...protecting our President. Something did not go wrong; something is wrong. My suggestion is that the Secret Service is a great agency that failed at its core mission...to lead and act like no one is looking. However, for some inexplicable reason that challenges the agency's core, it defined leadership in an entirely unrecognizable way. These are not young "troops" acting out badly. Did events in Colombia change everything or was something wrong long before events in Colombia? Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of General Marks.
highlights: The scandal involving prostitution in Colombia has embarrassed the Secret Service . Marks: We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership . "Secret Service is a great agency that failed at its core mission," says Marks .
id: 981146f6a968fd91e02fd1e2ae7a4b2383d9bfb2
chatgpt: The Secret Service has recently come under fire following a scandal involving prostitution in Colombia. The agency, which is tasked with protecting important government officials and visiting dignitaries, is facing criticism for failing to uphold the standards of discipline and leadership that are expected of them. The scandal erupted in April 2012 when a group of Secret Service agents, who were in Colombia to prepare for a visit by President Barack Obama, were caught in a prostitution scandal. Reports indicated that at least one agent had been involved with a prostitute, and that several others had brought women back to their hotel rooms. The incident was a major embarrassment for the Secret Service, which has long prided itself on its professionalism and dedication. The agency has since launched an investigation into the matter, and several employees have been disciplined or fired as a result. Speaking to the media about the scandal, Michael Marks, the former head of investigations for the Secret Service, expressed his disappointment over the matter. "Secret Service is a great agency that failed at its core mission," he said. "We expect them to set the standard for discipline and leadership, but in this case they fell short." Marks' comments are indicative of the broader reaction to the incident, which has been a major blow to the agency's reputation. The Secret Service has long been viewed as one of the most elite law enforcement units in the world, with a reputation for excellence and professionalism that is second to none. However, events like the Colombia scandal have shaken public confidence in the agency and brought about questions about its ability to carry out its mission effectively. Despite the challenges that the Secret Service faces in the wake of the Colombia scandal, there is reason to believe that the agency will be able to overcome them. The organization has a long history of resilience and adaptability, and has shown time and again that it is capable of meeting even the most difficult challenges. Moving forward, the Secret Service will need to work diligently to restore its reputation and regain the trust of the American people. This will require a renewed emphasis on professionalism, discipline, and leadership, as well as a willingness to confront difficult issues head-on and make the necessary changes to ensure that such incidents do not happen again. In the end, the Colombia scandal serves as a reminder that even the best organizations are not immune to mistakes and missteps. However, with a renewed commitment to excellence and a willingness to learn from its mistakes, the Secret Service can continue to serve as a vital agency within the U.S. government and uphold its mission of protecting the country's most important leaders and institutions.