article: (CNN) -- Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden called Israel's recent offensive in Gaza a "holocaust," according to a purported message from him posted on an Islamist Web site. Osama bin Laden, in an undated photo, apparently taped a message calling Israel's Gaza offensive a holocaust. "The holocaust of Gaza in the midst of this long siege is an important and historic event and an articulate tragedy which affirms the need for detachment of the Muslims from the hypocrites. It is not right that our condition after what happened in Gaza be like our condition prior to it," the message said. Al Qaeda says it wants to liberate the mosque from Israeli control. The message -- an audiotape played over a still image -- is called "Practical Steps to Liberate Palestine" and it is dated March 2009, according to terrorism analyst Laura Mansfield. The more than 33 minutes-long tape includes English subtitles, and English and Arabic transcripts were released by As Sahab, al Qaeda's media production center, Mansfield said. The authenticity of the tape could not be verified. The message says it's "clear" some Arab leaders have "conspired" with what it calls the "Zionist-crusader alliance" against the Palestinians in Gaza. "They are the ones that America describes as the moderate leaders in our world," the message says. The speaker urged Muslims to help insurgents "liberate" Iraq. "For those honest in their desire to deliver al-Aqsa mosque, they should back the Mujahideen in Iraq with everything they need in order to liberate Mesopotamia," the message said, alluding to the Jerusalem mosque regarded as the third holiest place in Islam. "And with that they will have defeated the Zionists' biggest ally," referring to the United States. Then, the fighters should move on to Jordan to "liberate all of Palestine from the sea to the river" from Israel. When talking about Palestine, the speaker is referring to the region between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River that includes the Jewish state of Israel and the Palestinian lands of the West Bank and Gaza. In his last purported audio message in January, bin Laden called for a jihad, or holy war, to stop Israel's military campaign in Gaza.
highlights: NEW: Message condemns Arab leaders who "conspire" with Israel . NEW: Speaker on Al-Jazeera urges liberation "from the sea to the river" Arabic-language news network doesn't reveal source of recording . Israeli offensive killed 1,300 Palestinians; 13 Israelis also died .
id: 6f8c5f373c416a5a6170e6def1d60aaba971b6cc
chatgpt: In a recent development, a message has been issued which strongly condemns Arab leaders who are conspiring with Israel. The message was issued by an unknown source and was not revealed by any news network. The content of the message is of great concern as it urges Arabs to unite for the liberation of Palestine.  The message was played on Al-Jazeera, the leading Arabic-language news network. The speaker in the message urged for the liberation of Palestine from the sea to the river. The speaker also criticized Arab leaders who are cooperating with Israel and warned them about the consequences of their actions.  The message has created a stir among Palestinians and Arabs who are already outraged by the Israeli offensive. The Israeli offensive had killed around 1,300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis in the recent past.  Arabs have been demanding the liberation of Palestine for decades now. The conflict between Israel and Palestine has been a long-standing issue in the Middle East. The recent message is seen as a call to arms for the people of Palestine and Arabs around the world to unite for their cause. The message has also put Arab leaders on edge as it directly accuses them of conspiring with Israel. Arab countries had previously agreed to normalize their relationships with Israel, which has been a controversial decision. The message could be seen as a backlash against this decision, as many Palestinians and Arabs see normalization as a betrayal of their cause. The message has also shed light on the role of media in the conflict. Al-Jazeera, being a well-known news network, has been accused of bias towards Palestine in the past. The message being played on the network without revealing the source has raised questions about their journalistic integrity. It is yet to be seen how the message will impact the ongoing conflict, but one thing is for sure: it has given a new momentum to the struggle of Palestinians and Arabs for their liberation from Israeli oppression. The message has put Arab leaders on notice and urged them to rethink their cooperation with Israel. The message has once again highlighted the importance of freedom and self-determination for the people of Palestine.