article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 11:10 EST, 9 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:31 EST, 9 January 2013 . The leader of the young wing of the UK Independence Party has been fired after saying he backed gay marriage. Olly Neville claims he was asked to stand down after being told his remarks were 'quite simply completely at odds' with the official party policy and put gains in opinion polls at risk. UKIP insists Mr Neville was forced out after defying party policy on a range of subjects, including legalising drugs. Former youth leader Olly Neville claims UKIP is on the 'wrong side of history' in opposing gay marriage . Mr Nevile was appointed as interim chairman of Young Independence (YI) at the end of last year but on January 2 backed gay marriage in an interview with BBC Radio4’s World at One. UKIP opposes same-sex marriage, warning it would ‘risk the grave harm of undermining the rights of Churches and Faiths to decide for themselves who they will and will not marry’. But after being ousted, Mr Nevile said: ‘On gay marriage the party is on the wrong side of public opinion and the wrong side of history. ‘It could be another burka ban issue for them, where they will look back ashamedly and wonder why we had that as a policy,’ he told The Independent. UKIP Leader has opposed gay marriage plans fearing churches would be threatened will be forced by European courts to hold same-sex weddings . In an email UKIP chairman Stephen Crowther told Mr Neville yesterday: ‘The NEC [National Executive Committee] has resolved that you should not continue to act as interim chairman of YI, owing to the problems regarding party policy and public statements about which we have corresponded over the past week.’ Mr Crowther said the BBC Radio 4 interview was ‘politically inept’. The email said: ‘…your stated position on Gay Marriage is quite simply completely at odds with the Party's policy. 'Our policy on Gay Marriage is extremely important to us at this time. ‘We have said specifically and repeatedly that we are opposed to the government's proposals on this, and that the Prime Minister has got it spectacularly wrong. ‘For you to say precisely the opposite, on national radio, as the representative of YI, is absolutely unacceptable, and risks seriously setting back the party's current growth.’ However, today Mr Crowther insisted Mr Neville was ‘asked to stand down’ because he ‘did not fully appreciate the responsibilities attached to an official Party role’. ‘In relation to the Party's policies on areas including gay marriage, the European elections, the legalisation of drugs and prostitution among others, Mr Neville has been publicly at odds with the Party over the past few weeks,’ Mr Crowther added.
highlights: Olly Neville told to stand down as chairman of Young Independence after a BBC radio interview backing same sex weddings . UK Independence Party bosses say remarks risked undermining poll gains .
id: 4ab2acc7ff2c72939d405fe283e4a06171234573
chatgpt: Olly Neville, the chairman of UK Independence Party's youth wing, Young Independence, has been instructed to stand down from his position following an interview he gave to the BBC Radio in which he expressed his support for same-sex weddings. Party bosses have expressed concern that Neville's remarks risked undermining the gains made in recent opinion polls. In a statement issued yesterday, the UK Independence Party stated that there was no room for deviation from the party line on same-sex marriage. The statement referred to same-sex marriage as a "divisive issue" and that the party should focus on its core messages such as immigration and the economy. Neville backed the same-sex weddings in an interview on the BBC Radio 4's Today programme, stating that UKIP should distance itself from "old-fashioned moral values". He also went on to state that same-sex marriage was indicative of a "modern and inclusive society". Neville's remarks drew criticism from a number of UKIP MEPs, who took to social media to express their displeasure. Stuart Agnew MEP tweeted that Neville's remarks were "unequivocally wrong" and that the party should remove him from his position. Louise Bours MEP also tweeted that Neville's comments were "damaging" and could be exploited by their political rivals. In a statement issued after Neville's removal, Young Independence stated that it was "disappointed" by the decision. The statement suggested that the party should be reaching out to younger voters and that Neville's support for same-sex marriage would have helped to promote the party's values of freedom and individualism. Neville himself responded to the decision by stating that the party should not be afraid to embrace modern ideas. He also stated that the party was becoming "increasingly narrow-minded" and that this would ultimately lead to its decline. Neville also stated that he did not regret his remarks and would continue to stand up for what he believed in. Despite this, UKIP has maintained that its stance on same-sex marriage is non-negotiable. The party has stated that it will not tolerate any deviation from its position on this issue. The party has also made it clear that it will continue to focus on its core messages, such as immigration and the economy, in order to consolidate its recent gains in opinion polls. As the UKIP continues to grapple with this issue, it remains to be seen how Neville's removal will affect the party's support among younger voters. While some have criticised the party's decision as a step backwards, UKIP leadership is keen to maintain its core message in order to retain its momentum. Only time will tell whether this approach will prove successful or if the removal of Neville will cost the party in the long term.