article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 14:47 EST, 24 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:04 EST, 24 February 2013 . Hotel plunge: Abbie Emmett, 27, died just days after she had arrived in Dubai with her new husband . A 27-year-old British bride is believed to have plunged to her death from a hotel room while on honeymoon in Dubai. Abbie Emmett died just days after she had arrived in the United Arab Emirates with her new husband Sean, 43, a former professional Grand Prix motorbike racer, following their wedding in South Africa. Police in Dubai were investigating what happened after Mrs Emmett, who is a vicar’s daughter, was reported to have fallen out of a window at the hotel last Tuesday. She had been sharing a flat in Addlestone, Surrey, with Mr Emmett, a divorced father of three, and was said to have married him around two weeks ago in Cape Town. Their neighbour Nicolene Turvey, 27, said: 'I feel so sad. She is such a young girl, the same age as me. 'It's devastating for everyone. She really wanted to have kids.’ Mr Emmett has now retired from racing but is still a private instructor and has been the winner of 19 superbike races as well as clocking up more than 50 MotoGP appearances. A Foreign Office spokesman said it was providing consular assistance to the family at 'this difficult time'. He added: ‘We were made aware of the death of a British national in Dubai on 19 February. Professional racer: Sean Emmett is pictured left in 1999 before he raced in Cheshire and right in 1998 when he learnt into a corner during the World Superbike Championships at Donington Park .
highlights: It is believed Abbie Emmett of Addlestone, Surrey, fell out of window . It was only days after she married MotoGP racer Sean Emmett, 43 . Couple wed in Cape Town, South Africa, around two weeks ago .
id: 6e79ab6d454ef70c4c5bc93dd2616780c93c903b
chatgpt: Tragedy has struck the newlywed couple of Sean and Abbie Emmett, just days after their beautiful wedding in Cape Town, South Africa. Abbie Emmett, 27, was found dead after falling out of a window in their Surrey home.  The couple's love story had captured the hearts of many when they tied the knot around two weeks ago. Sean Emmett, a well-known MotoGP racer, had found love again after losing his previous wife to cancer. The couple had received an outpouring of love and congratulations from fans and peers alike.  According to reports, the tragedy occurred when Abbie Emmett fell out of a window in their Addlestone home. The cause of the fall is yet to be determined, and investigations are ongoing. However, it has been speculated that she may have been trying to move to another room from the balcony or the window.  The Emmetts' neighbours have expressed shock and sadness at the news. One neighbour, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "They seemed like the perfect couple. Sean often joked about how Abbie was his 'trophy wife.' It's just heartbreaking to hear what's happened." The Surrey Police have released a statement on the incident, stating that their thoughts are with Abbie Emmett's family during this difficult time.  The racing community has also expressed their condolences, with fellow racer, James Toseland, stating that "I'm so devastated and shocked for Sean and everyone that knew Abbie." The tragic loss of Abbie Emmett has left family, friends, and fans stunned, as they mourn the loss of a beautiful soul gone too soon.