article: Banners, flags and cheers welcomed weary soldiers back to the U.S. on Friday - but there is nothing like a kiss from the one you love to make the homecoming extra special. Soldier Sabryna Schlagetter got a smacker from her wife, Cheyenne Nicole Schlagetter, on Friday morning after she returned to Fort Carson, Colorado from Afghanistan. The couple married on Valentine's Day this year in New Mexico, shortly before Sabryna deployed to Afghanistan. Spc Sabryna Schlagetter, left, kisses her wife, Cheyenne Schlagetter, after returning home to Fort Carson, Colorado on Friday . The couple married on Valentine's Day this year in New Mexico, shortly before Sabryna deployed to Afghanistan . The pair were also pictured with Snoopy during a day out at a theme park . Major Karl Nilsen, front left, embraces his wife, Major Kate Nilsen, after she returned to Fort Carson on Friday . According to social media, the newlyweds also recently bought their first home. The couple were among hundreds of celebrating family members who turned out at the base with handmade posters, dressed to the nines to welcome their loved ones home. Other troops were also returning to Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia Beach. About 135 soldiers arrived at Fort Carson in Colorado on Friday after a nine-month deployment to the Middle East. The 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, had been gone since March as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. The brigade's job was to train, advise and assist the Afghan National Security Forces and support security at the Afghanistan presidential and runoff elections. Operation Enduring Freedom is the name given to smaller military operations organized by the U.S. government in Afghanistan as part of the global War On Terror. An officer kisses his wife as she holds their 20-month-old daughter on his emotional arrival to Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia Beach . Lt Doug DeVuono, kisses his wife, Kim, as their two daughters, Leah, three, and Ava, 18-months, run around the them on his arrival to Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia . Peyton Markiewicz clasps her hands together above her loveheart sign as she watches her husband return home with about 135 members of the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team . Sgt Myles Kibby, left, kisses his girlfriend, Spc. Bryanna Brennan, on the forehead after she returned to Fort Carson . Amie Tremel, holds her daughter, Isabella, looking for husband and dad, Lt. Mike Tremel, as the Strike Fighter Squadron 31 with the George H.W. Bush air wing returned home on Friday .
highlights: Soldier Sabryna Schlagetter got a smacker from her wife, Cheyenne Nicole Schlagetter, on Friday at Fort Carson, Colorado . The couple married on Valentine's Day this year in New Mexico, shortly before Sabryna deployed . About 135 soldiers arrived at Fort Carson after a nine-month deployment to Afghanistan to train and assist the country's national army .
id: 2bc9db1ed2b2b7e7e8ebee008543755238dddb0b
chatgpt: Fort Carson, Colorado - It was a sweet reunion for soldier Sabryna Schlagetter who got a surprise kiss from her wife, Cheyenne Nicole Schlagetter, upon her arrival at the base on Friday. The couple tied the knot on Valentine's Day this year in New Mexico just before Sabryna deployed for a nine-month mission to Afghanistan. Sabryna is among the 135 soldiers from the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, who returned home after training and assisting the national army of Afghanistan. The deployment wasn't an easy one, but Sabryna's wife stood by her side, waiting for the day she would come back home. The arrival of the soldiers was marked by emotional scenes as wives, husbands, children, and relatives hugged and kissed their loved ones. There were tears of joy, and many emotions ran high as the soldiers were finally reunited with their families. Sabryna's return was particularly special, as her wife, Cheyenne, had planned a surprise welcome for her. As Sabryna made her way off the bus, she was greeted by her smiling wife, who gave her a long-awaited kiss. "It feels so good to be home; I missed my wife so much," said Sabryna. "She has been my rock throughout this deployment, and I couldn't imagine going through this without her support." Cheyenne, who had waited anxiously for her wife's return, said, "I'm so proud of her. It's not easy being away from the person you love, but she did what she had to do, and all I wanted was for her to come back home safely." The soldiers had a long journey back home, but their spirits were high, knowing that their mission in Afghanistan had been accomplished. They had trained the Afghan national army, and now it was up to them to protect their country and ensure that peace prevailed. As the soldiers were welcomed back into civilian life, they would have a lot of catching up to do with their families. There will be celebrations, reunions, and making up for lost time. The Schlagetter family will have a lot of time to make up for as well, and they plan to make every moment count. "We'll just take it one day at a time and enjoy our time together," Sabryna said, smiling at her wife. As the soldiers get ready to transition back into civilian life, they will never forget the sacrifices they made and the loved ones who stood by them every step of the way. Their journey may have been long, but with the support of their families and their determination, they have returned home with pride and honor.