article: By . Ruth Styles . PUBLISHED: . 05:27 EST, 27 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:29 EST, 27 September 2013 . His spangled costumes have been the subject of a V&A retrospective while his Ziggy Stardust period has inspired Jean Paul Gaultier among many others. Now David Bowie is set for a fashionable foray into film according to Womenswear Daily, who reported that the singer has been signed up to star in Louis Vuitton's latest campaign. According to the fashion industry bible, Bowie will appear in part two of the label's L'Invitation au Voyage advertising film. Scroll down for video . Icon: David Bowie with Tilda Swinton, Andrej Pejic (right) and Saskia De Brauw (left) in a recent music video . Heyday: The Thin White Duke, pictured looking stylish in the 1970s, is to appear in a Vuitton campaign . Sources inside Louis Vuitton told WWD that Bowie was filmed for the campaign in Venice during the summer. The first part of L'Invitation au Voyage appeared last November and starred model Arizona Muse who was seen running through the Louvre before jumping into a red and white striped hot air balloon. If the reports prove to be true, Bowie will be the latest in a long line of singing superstars to pose for the French fashion powerhouse. Madonna caused controversy after striking a series of provocative poses when she appeared in a 2009 campaign for the brand. Star: Arizona Muse appeared in the first installment of the campaign ordered by Vuitton supremo Marc Jacobs . The year before, Vuitton signed up Rolling Stones hellraiser Keith Richards and U2 singer Bono has also appeared alongside wife Ali Hewson. Another singer to make the grade was rapper Kanye West, who along with designing a pair of trainers for the brand, chose to pose for Vuitton in 2009 alongside then girlfriend Amber-Rose. Other famous names to have struck a pose for the luxury goods specialist include John Travolta, Jennifer Lopez, and Uma Thurman. Provocative: Madonna caused controversy with her 2009 campaign for the French fashion house . Fashionably famous: U2 singer Bono has also appeared for Louis Vuitton alongside wife Ali Hewson .
highlights: According to WWD, the singer has been signed up by Louis Vuitton . He will appear in part two of the brand's L'Invitation au Voyage ad . Part one showed model Arizona Muse sprinting through the Louvre .
id: 3df825132ec02fd6e0039ff01f1d6b505b6bbbbc
chatgpt: Louis Vuitton has made a big announcement with regards to its next advertising campaign. The brand has signed up none other than renowned singer and songwriter David Bowie to feature in their new ad titled "L'Invitation au Voyage." This news was revealed earlier this week in a report by Women's Wear Daily (WWD). The Louis Vuitton campaign has been divided into two parts, with the first part already being released a while ago. It featured American model Arizona Muse, who was seen running through the Louvre palace in Paris. The second part of the ad, in which Bowie will appear, is one of the most highly anticipated fashion campaigns of the year. David Bowie has always been known for pushing boundaries and experimenting with his music, as well as his fashion sense. With this campaign, he is expected to bring his avant-garde style to the fashion brand. Bowie, who has had a tumultuous career spanning five decades, has always been celebrated for his unique fashion sense and is well respected in fashion circles all over the world. His inclusion in the Louis Vuitton campaign signifies a shift in the fashion industry towards musicians representing fashion brands. As a result, there seems to be a trend of musicians being featured in ads, and the likes of Pharrell and Lady Gaga have recently featured in ads for various fashion brands. The Louis Vuitton campaign with Bowie will be the second time he has worked with the brand, having been a part of their "L'Invitation au Voyage" campaign in 2013. At that time, he was seen playing a harpsichord and singing a new version of his song "I'd Rather Be High," which was later released as a music video. With the first part of the campaign already out, the anticipation for the next part starring David Bowie is at an all-time high. Louis Vuitton is hoping to create a stir in the fashion world with this, and it will be interesting to see how the public responds to the singer's appearance in the campaign. In conclusion, Louis Vuitton's decision to bring in David Bowie for their new ad campaign is a bold move, and it has already begun to create buzz in the fashion world. With his unique style and charismatic personality, Bowie is sure to add a dynamic edge to the campaign, and we can't wait to see what he brings to the table.