article: (CNN) -- Protests in Tunisia turned violent and deadly Saturday, just over six weeks after a popular uprising forced the president out of office, and lit a spark of desire for democratic reform in parts of Africa and the Middle East. Three people were killed Saturday and nine others injured during mayhem in the capital, Tunis, according to a Interior Ministry statement cited by the state-run news agency, Tunis Afrique Presse (TAP). More than 100 people were arrested, the ministry said, in the area around Habib Bourguiba Avenue, in the city's center, accused of "acts of destruction and burning." Protesters had gathered in the area to demand that the interim government step down and the current parliament be disbanded. Demonstrators were also asking for suspension of the current constitution and the election of an assembly that can write a new one, as well as organize the transition to democracy. Several people infiltrated peaceful demonstrators in the Tunisian capital "to commit acts of disturbance, burning and looting," according to TAP, which also reported that a cylinder of liquefied petroleum gas exploded in front of a building along the avenue. There are rumors in Tunis that the violence was perpetrated by people who are still loyal to ousted President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and want to spread chaos and nostalgia for the old regime. Similar violence broke out in the same area on Friday night as well, according to TAP. The agency cites an Interior Ministry source that claims acts of vandalism and destruction along the avenue resulted in injuries to 21 policemen. Protests in Tunisia erupted late last year. Fed up with corruption, unemployment and escalating prices of food, people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December. By January 13, Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- turned executive power over to his prime minister and fled the country. Journalist Zied Mhirsi contributed to this report .
highlights: Three people are dead and nine injured after violence erupts at Tunis demonstration . More than 100 are arrested, accused of "acts of destruction and burning" Protesters want the prime minister and parliament to resign . Protesters want assembly to write new constitution and oversee democratic transition .
id: 6b18c39c6ec3c0feaa87044870f6ae79c4a4f49b
chatgpt: Tunis, Tunisia - Three people have been confirmed dead and nine others injured after violence broke out during a demonstration in the capital city. Hundreds of protesters gathered in Tunis to demand that the prime minister and parliament resign amid accusations of corruption and economic mismanagement. The demonstration, which began peacefully, quickly turned violent as demonstrators clashed with police. Protesters threw stones and set fire to vehicles and shops, while police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets. The violence continued for several hours before calm was eventually restored. More than 100 people were arrested in connection with the violence, with authorities accusing them of "acts of destruction and burning". The government issued a statement condemning the violence and pledging to bring those responsible to justice. The protesters' demands go beyond just the resignation of the prime minister and parliament. Demonstrators are calling for a new constitution to be written and for the assembly to oversee a democratic transition. They are also demanding more action to address issues of corruption and unemployment. Tunisia has experienced a tumultuous political climate in recent years, following the ousting of former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in 2011. Despite the country being hailed as a success story for the Arab Spring, it has struggled to find political stability and has seen multiple changes in government and frequent protests. The current government, led by Prime Minister Hichem Mechichi, has faced criticism for its handling of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic issues, with many Tunisians struggling to make ends meet. Public dissatisfaction has been building for months, culminating in the latest round of protests. The violence at the demonstration is a worrying development for Tunisia, and there are concerns about the potential for further unrest in the coming weeks. The government has called for calm and unity, urging all parties to engage in dialogue to find a solution to the country's problems. The international community has also expressed concern about the situation in Tunisia, with several countries calling for restraint and an end to the violence. The United Nations has offered to provide assistance to the government in order to facilitate a peaceful resolution to the crisis. As Tunisia enters an uncertain period, the country's leaders will need to navigate a complex political landscape in order to find a way forward. The demands of the protesters are significant, and addressing them will require bold action and a commitment to democratic values. In the meantime, the people of Tunisia will be watching closely to see how their leaders respond to this latest crisis.