article: Micah Richards claims he had chances to move to Chelsea and Manchester United earlier in his career - but he's now loving life in Italy's Serie A with loan-club Fiorentina. The 26-year-old Manchester City youth product faces English opposition on Thursday evening in the form of Tottenham Hotspur in the Europa League and has expressed regret at the way his City career seems to have ended. Richards made 236 appearances for City after breaking into the first team in 2005 but was only seen 10 times last season under Manuel Pellegrini - mostly in the domestic cup competitions - before moving to Serie A. Micah Richards trains at White Hart Lane with Fiorentina ahead of their Europa League clash with Tottenham . Richards is enjoying life in Serie A after deciding to leave City due to the lack of first-team football available . Richards (right) posted this image with his Fiorentina team-mates on the plane to London . 'If we didn’t get the investment we did (at City), I’d probably be captain now,' Richards told The Telegraph. 'I probably wouldn’t have left. I had a chance to go to Chelsea five years ago, and Manchester United but I didn’t feel it was right. 'I always enjoyed City. They gave me a chance at such a young age (17). I’ve been a bit unfortunate because whenever I picked up some form I got a niggling injury. With City, if you get an injury you can find yourself out of the team for months.' Richards celebrates scoring an FA Cup equaliser at Villa Park for City back in February 2006 . The England international was a regular for City and came up against the likes of Chelsea winger Arjen Robben . Richards, who says he has no hard feeling against Pellegrini or first-choice right back Pablo Zabaleta, still believes it will be tough for young players to get through at City despite the big investment in their £200million new training complex. 'If a manager comes in and the owner says "we want five trophies in five years", can he afford to risk bringing young players through when you need results?' said Richards. 'Patrick Vieira’s doing an amazing job [as City’s Elite Development Squad coach] in getting the best he possibly can out of the kids. But ultimately it is the manager’s decision whether he puts them in or not. If you’ve got Yaya Toure and Fernandinho, who do you leave out to bring a young midfielder through?' A rare first-team appearance under Manuel Pellegrini saw Richards face Wigan in City's defeat last season . Pellegrini appeared to view Richards as surplus to requirements, preferring Pablo Zabaleta and Bacary Sagna . Richards fears that it will be continue for City youngsters to break through despite the club's huge investment .
highlights: Manchester City youth product is on loan at Serie A side Fiorentina . Richards claims he could have moved to Chelsea or United five years ago . Lack of first-team football means he is likely to leave City in the summer . Richards and Fiorentina face Tottenham in the Europa League on Thursday . READ: Liverpool, West Ham and Dortmund show interest in Richards . CLICK HERE to read why Richards remains a transfer gem .
id: f269e1a97850ad56e28cad4f0c695b80a3edf8b9
chatgpt: Manchester City's youth product Micah Richards is currently on loan at Serie A side Fiorentina, as he looks to rediscover his form and gain some much-needed game time. However, the defender has revealed that he could have moved to Premier League giants Chelsea or Manchester United five years ago. Despite starting his career at City and becoming a regular for the club, Richards' lack of first-team football saw him move away from his boyhood club. Speaking to the media recently, Richards confirmed his desire to leave City in the summer. Richards has been solid for Fiorentina since his arrival at the club, and many clubs have taken notice of his impressive displays. Liverpool, West Ham, and Borussia Dortmund have all shown their interest in the Englishman, who could be available on a free transfer in the summer when his contract with City expires. Richards and Fiorentina face Tottenham in the Europa League on Thursday, in what promises to be a fascinating encounter. The Italian side will be looking to reach the quarter-finals for the first time in four years, and Richards will be tasked with leading the team from the back. Although City fans will be disappointed to see one of their own potentially leave, many will wish Richards well in his future endeavors. The defender is still considered a valuable player and, as a free agent, will be a tempting proposition for any club in need of a solid and experienced defender. In an interview, Richards spoke about his time with City, describing it as a "great experience." He also revealed that he had offers to join Chelsea or United in the past, saying that "they would have been great career moves," but he ultimately chose to stay with City. Richards' form at City had previously earned him a call-up to the England national team. However, his lack of game time since then has seen him slip down the pecking order. Despite this, the defender has remained focused on his game and has continued to work hard to regain his form. Richards' move to Fiorentina was seen as a positive step for both the player and the club. The defender has quickly become a fan favorite in Italy, and his presence on the pitch has helped the team achieve some impressive results. As the end of the season approaches, Richards' future remains uncertain, but one thing is for sure: the defender is a transfer gem, and any club would be lucky to have him on their team. For now, Richards and Fiorentina will be focused on their Europa League match against Tottenham, and the defender will be hoping to put in another impressive performance to help his team advance to the next round.