article: Security has been tightened at Manila’s international airport after Philippine authorities arrested three men and foiled an alleged plot to set off homemade bombs at the airport and other locations. Four incendiary devices were found inside the suspects’ van at a car park at Ninoy Aquino International Airport, officials announced on Tuesday. While holidaymakers are noticing tighter security precautions following the threat, airport operations remain normal and there are no reports of any domestic or international flight delays due to the heightened level of caution. Extra security: A bomb-sniffing dog inspects a package at Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila . Busted: Philippine authorities say three men were plotting to attack the airport and other locations in Manila . The Manila International Airport Authority assured locals and visitors that all of the country's airports are safe for travellers. In response to the threat, plainclothes and uniformed officers are guarding entrances, K9 units are patrolling terminals to detect explosives and authorities have increased inspections of vehicles entering the airport. The alleged plot unravelled when government agents were tipped off by an informant, although the country’s military is downplaying the threat and claiming the men are ‘pranksters’ who were just seeking attention. The men have been linked to an anti-China group, which calls itself Usafe. They are also accused of planning attacks against the Chinese Embassy in Manila and a major shopping centre that has ethnic Chinese owners. Justice Secretary Leila de Lima said the ‘ultra-rightist’ but ‘misguided group’ is angry because it believes the Philippine government is taking a ‘very soft’ stance in its territorial dispute with China. The suspects, including the group’s alleged leader, are now facing charges of illegal possession of a firearm and an incendiary device, the Wall Street Journal reported. High alert: Security measures were tightened at Manila's international airport after the plot was thwarted . The men could face charges of conspiracy to commit terrorism, authorities said. Rommel Vallejo, head of the Anti-Organized Crime Division of the National Bureau of Investigation, said the firebombs consisted of a firecracker as big as the palm of hand with an eight-second wick taped to a plastic bottle containing gasoline. De Lima said the blast from one of the devices could create a huge fireball and send debris flying 15 to 30ft, which could cause fatal injuries. Evidence: Philippine authorities display homemade incendiary devices that were seized from the suspects .
highlights: Guards and K9 units are stationed at Ninoy Aquino International Airport . Four incendiary devices were found inside the suspects' van . Suspects linked to an anti-China group that calls itself Usafe .
id: 858d3ac977ba449436abcad6faa52436b3227178
chatgpt: Manila, Philippines - The Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) in Manila is on high alert tonight after four incendiary devices were discovered inside a van parked in the airport's parking lot. Security forces, including guards and K9 units, have been deployed to the scene to ensure the safety of passengers and airport personnel. The suspects, who were believed to have planted the devices, have been linked to an anti-China group that calls itself Usafe. The group has been known to carry out protests against the government's pro-China policies and advocate for the Philippines' territorial claims in the South China Sea. According to sources, security personnel spotted the van parked in the airport's parking lot for over an hour before becoming suspicious of its occupants. A search of the vehicle revealed four incendiary devices, which were designed to ignite upon being triggered. The suspects, who have not been identified, were apprehended by airport security forces and taken into custody for interrogation. Authorities have not released any information on their motives or intentions, but sources say that they are likely members of the Usafe group. Airport officials have confirmed that flights have not been affected by the incident and that operations at the airport continue as normal. However, passengers and airport personnel are advised to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to airport security. This latest incident comes amid increasing tensions between the Philippines and China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. Usafe has been one of the most vocal groups opposing the government's pro-China policies and advocating for the Philippines' rights in the region. President Rodrigo Duterte has been criticized by some for his perceived "soft" stance on China, but has defended his position by saying that engaging in a direct confrontation with China would be "suicidal" for the Philippines. The discovery of the incendiary devices at NAIA serves as a reminder of the fragile security situation in the country, particularly in light of the ongoing territorial disputes with China. It also highlights the important role played by the security forces in safeguarding the airport and protecting the country against potential threats.