article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 11:50 EST, 12 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:55 EST, 12 March 2013 . Three military-trained dolphins have gone AWOL from the Ukrainian Navy - apparently in search of love. The marine mammals, who can attack enemies using guns and knives strapped to their head, failed to return after a training exercise near the port of Sevastopol in the Black Sea. But Yury Plyachenko, a former Soviet naval anti-sabotage officer, said he believes they have probably left to find a mate and will soon return. Highly trained: A sensor is attached to the snout of a dolphin in Sevastopol, left, and a U.S. Navy diver and marine mammal handler plays with another as part of the Marine Mammal Program in Virginia, right . Mr Plyachenko, said based on his experience in the Cold War, he expects the amorous dolphins to return. 'If . a male dolphin saw a female dolphin during the mating season, then he . would immediately set off after her. But they came back in a week or . so,' he said. The Ukrainian Defence Ministry has denied the reports that the dolphins have gone missing, or that such a unit even exists. Reports emerged last year that the Ukraine was planning to start training dolphins for military action, a tactic made famous in the Soviet era. During the Cold War, dolphins were trained by the Soviet Navy at Sevastopol, to locate mines on the seabed and attack divers. They could also carry explosives on their heads to plant them on enemy ships. When the USSR collapsed two decades . ago they were redeployed to work with disabled children. The former top secret military base on the Crimean peninsula became a leading place for dolphin-therapy - a controversial alternative technique to soothe ailments - after the Soviet collapse. New purpose: The dolphins at Sevastopol had been redeployed to help treat children with disabilities such as cerebral palsy . Dolphins who previously were engaged in military service turned their highly trained minds away from office to helping cure children with a range of problems from nightmares to autism to cerebral palsy. The U.S. Navy also trained dolphins for military use in Virginia as part of its Marine Mammal Program. But the Ukraine's plans to resurrect the elite unit has suffered an embarrassing setback with the disappearance of the love-sick trio.
highlights: Love sick trio disappeared during training exercise near port of Sevastopol . Armed for combat with guns and knives strapped to their heads . Expert believes they were distracted by females - and will return .
id: c83194a671aedb81fa11579ff97a41d48797e442
chatgpt: A trio of young soldiers went missing during a military training exercise near the port of Sevastopol. According to reports, the soldiers were armed with guns and knives and were prepared for combat. However, something went wrong during the mission and the soldiers failed to report back to their base. Experts are speculating that the soldiers may have been distracted by females, leading to their disappearance. Some are even suggesting that the soldiers may have gone AWOL in an attempt to pursue their romantic interests. The soldiers, who have been identified as Private Anton Gorbachev, Private Ivan Petrov, and Private Dima Ivanov, had been in the military for less than a year. They were considered to be young and inexperienced, but enthusiastic about their job. The training exercise took place in a dense forested area, which made it difficult for search and rescue teams to locate the missing soldiers. However, the military has assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to bring the missing soldiers back safely. One of the soldiers' commanding officers, Captain Yuri Yeliseev, spoke to the media about the situation. "We are treating this as a serious matter, and we are doing everything we can to find our missing soldiers. We have teams of search and rescue personnel scouring the area, as well as our own military units conducting a thorough search." He added, "We believe that the soldiers may have been distracted by females in the area. We have reason to believe that they may have been seen in the company of local women. However, we cannot confirm this until we find the missing soldiers." Experts in the area are claiming that it's possible the soldiers will eventually return, as it's not uncommon for young soldiers to go missing during training exercises. However, the military is taking every precaution to ensure that the soldiers are found as soon as possible. The families of the missing soldiers are understandably distraught, and are calling on the military to do more to bring their loved ones home. "We just want our boys back," said the wife of one of the soldiers. "We want to know that they are safe and that they will be coming home soon." The search for the missing soldiers continues, and the military is urging anyone with information about their whereabouts to come forward.