article: (CNN) -- He said he was little. And that turned out to be a big problem, according to prosecutors. Federal prosecutors in Philadelphia unsealed an indictment Friday accusing 45-year-old Eric C. Opitz of bilking Medicare out of more than $535,000 by claiming he was a dwarf who needed human growth hormone. In reality, according to the indictment, Opitz was 450 pounds and 6 feet, 3 inches. That's a nearly 1½ feet taller than what the support group Little People of America says is the cut-off for dwarfism. But for nearly a year, a pharmacy filled the physical trainer and body building consultant's prescriptions for as much as 8 milligrams of growth hormone per day -- 40 times the FDA's recommended maximum dose, according to prosecutors. Medicare footed the bill through a prescription drug benefit program, according to prosecutors. Opitz had claimed his only source of income was $950 a month in Social Security benefits, according to the indictment. So what did the big guy do with all that growth hormone -- which some athletes and bodybuilders use to increase muscle mass? He sold, it, prosecutors say, at something like $450 for each kit. He found his customers through a brazen ad on Craigslist, according to the indictment. Read the indictment . "Do not wait, a lot in stock from pharmacy but it moves fast," Opitz wrote in the ad, according to the indictment. He got customers from all over the United States, but it turns out a handful were undercover investigators. Opitz was charged with health care fraud, mail fraud and illegal distribution of human growth hormones and anabolic steroids. Authorities arrested Opitz, then released him pending a detention hearing scheduled Friday afternoon, according to Patty Hartman, a public affairs specialist with the U.S. Attorney's Office. If convicted, prosecutors say Opitz faces "substantial" prison time.
highlights: NJ man who claimed to be a dwarf busted for allegedly selling growth hormone . Federal prosecutors say Eric C. Opitz was no dwarf -- he's 6 foot 3 inches and 450 pounds . He allegedly bilked Medicare out of more than $535,000 . He sold the growth hormone through a Craigslist ad, prosecutors say .
id: c225228f5d336c124dac1c60d735af71cbb4be1e
chatgpt: A New Jersey man who claimed to be a dwarf has been arrested for allegedly selling illegal growth hormone on Craigslist. Federal prosecutors say that 49-year-old Eric C. Opitz was not a dwarf as he claimed to be. Opitz, who stands at a towering height of 6 foot 3 inches and weighs 450 pounds, is accused of bilking Medicare out of more than $535,000 by fraudulently obtaining the hormone. According to prosecutors, Opitz sold the hormone through a Craigslist ad. The hormone is typically used to treat children with growth deficiencies, and its sale is strictly regulated by the government. Opitz, however, allegedly obtained the hormone illegally and then sold it for a profit. Medicare fraud is a serious crime, and Opitz could face significant penalties if found guilty. Medicare is a national health insurance program that provides coverage for millions of Americans. Fraudulent billing practices not only cheat taxpayers, but they also deprive those in need of proper medical treatment. Opitz's case is just the latest example of how online marketplaces can be used to facilitate illegal activities. In recent years, authorities have cracked down on individuals who use websites like Craigslist to sell drugs, counterfeit goods, and other illegal items. While the internet has made it easier for people to connect and conduct business, it has also created new opportunities for criminals to exploit unsuspecting victims. As the case of Eric C. Opitz demonstrates, claiming to be something you're not can have serious consequences. While the motives behind Opitz's false dwarf claim are unclear, his alleged fraudulent activities have landed him in hot water with the law. The case is a sobering reminder that honesty is always the best policy, and that the consequences of fraud can be severe.