article: (CNN) -- Roger Federer will surrender his world No. 1 ranking to Novak Djokovic after the 17-time major winner confirmed he is pulling out of the Paris Masters through injury. Federer endured a painful defeat to Juan Martin Del Potro at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel on Sunday, a match that lasted a grueling two hours and 45 minutes. And after his marathon match, he confirmed he would skip the Paris Masters in order to focus on the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London that start in early November. That decision means he will lose the rankings points he accrued from three tournaments last year, and will be unable to overhaul Djokovic even if he wins his third straight World Tour Finals crown. "It's just too much," Federer was quoted as saying on the official Paris Masters website after defeat in his home town. "I was trying to make up my mind and I had some niggles I didn't want to take a chance on. I don't want to take a chance for London. "I feel very disappointed as I had one of the best weeks of my life there last year, but this is just a last-minute decision." Djokovic enjoyed a 53-week stay at the top of the rankings after his record-breaking 2011 until Federer regained top spot after taking his seventh Wimbledon title back in July. But Djokovic will now end the year as world No. 1 for a second successive year, the first time that has happened since Federer held it between 2004 and 2007. With Rafael Nadal out for the rest of the year with a knee injury, Andy Murray is the major threat to the dominance of Federer and Djokovic and the Briton says he is raring to go after missing the Basel tournament. "I had a full week of rest after Shanghai which I needed," Murray told the tournament's official website. "I've had a pretty decent preparation for the tournament, which is good." Murray is one of the strong favorites for the Paris title, and he is gearing up for a big end to his breakthrough year in which he took his first ever grand slam victory and an Olympic gold medal to boot. "It doesn't make sense to come and save energy," added the U.S. Open champion. "Having a full week of rest at this stage of the season (is something that) in the past I hadn't really had, so I feel so much fresher coming into Paris than I had done the last few years. "I'll try to play my best this week and then see what happens in London. I feel better at this stage of the year compared with last year." Murray will begin his Paris campaign on Wednesday against either French wild-card Paul-Henri Mathieu or Spanish qualifier Ricardo Bautista-Agut.
highlights: Roger Federer will surrender his world No. 1 status by missing Paris Masters . The Swiss pulls out of the penultimate tournament of 2012 with injury . Federer lost the Swiss Indoors final to Juan Martin Del Potro on Sunday . Novak Djokovic now guaranteed to retain the top ranking at the end of 2012 .
id: ea3e6ef63cad8c1237f602806b6cf8bf665574cf
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events, tennis superstar Roger Federer has announced that he will be surrendering his world No. 1 status by missing out on the prestigious Paris Masters tournament this year. Federer cited an unfortunate injury sustained during a crucial match, which forced him to withdraw from the tennis circuit for an extended period of time. The Swiss maestro has been in fine form recently, having just lost the Swiss Indoors final to the in-form Argentinian star Juan Martin Del Potro. Federer fought hard in the match, but ultimately fell short in a tight final. This defeat was a bitter pill to swallow for the Swiss sensation, and it may have contributed to the injury that has now forced him out of the Paris Masters. Federer's withdrawal means that Novak Djokovic, the current world No. 2, is now guaranteed to retain the top ranking at the end of the 2012 season. Djokovic, who has been in fine form throughout the year, will now have the chance to extend his lead at the top of the rankings and secure his place as the undisputed champion of the tennis world. This news has come as a major disappointment to Federer's legion of fans, who had been hoping that the Swiss great would be able to sustain his incredible run of form and cement his place as the undisputed king of tennis once more. Federer has been one of the most successful tennis players of all time, with a record 20 Grand Slam titles to his name, and he has always been a fierce competitor and an inspiration to millions around the world. Despite this setback, however, Federer remains a true sportsman and a gentleman of the game, and he has always been gracious in defeat, as well as in victory. He has spoken often of his love for the sport and his commitment to continuing to play at the highest level for as long as he can, and his legions of fans will no doubt be hoping to see him back in action as soon as possible. For now, though, the tennis world will have to make do without Federer, as he takes some time out to recover from his injury and prepare for the next challenge. The Paris Masters is one of the most prestigious events in the tennis calendar, and it is sure to be a spectacular event, with the best players in the world competing for glory and the chance to end the season on a high note. With Federer out of the picture, Djokovic will be the overwhelming favorite to take home the title, but there is no doubt that there will be plenty of other challengers looking to upset the applecart and make their mark on the tennis world. Whoever emerges victorious, this promises to be an unforgettable event and a fitting end to a season that has seen some of the best tennis ever played.