article: (CNN) -- Boxing world champion Wladimir Klitschko has told CNN that David Haye will become the 50th knockout victim of his career when the two face-off in July. The IBF, IBO and WBO heavyweight champion is set to face WBA champ Haye in Hamburg, Germany, on July 2 in a bid to unify four of the division's five belts. The Ukrainian recently pulled out of his scheduled April 30 fight with another British boxer, Derek Chisora, and boasts a formidable record during his 15-year career, winning 55 of his 58 fights -- 49 coming via knockout. And he claims Haye is the perfect man to help him notch up a landmark half century. He told CNN: "I knocked out 49 fighters and David Haye is going to be the 50th on my list. I am looking forward to it, I will get a great challenge in the ring. "He will try to get through with his strategy, psychological and physical game and I'm ready for it because I'm a true professional athlete and have been doing it for such a long time. I love to be challenged." Londoner Haye can also point to an impressive record in the sport, having won 25 of his 26 fights, 23 coming via knockout. The 30-year-old moved up from the Cruiserweight division in 2008 and has made public his desire to fight Wladimir, and his older brother, the WBC heavyweight champion Vitali, before he retires on his birthday -- October 13 this year. When Wladimir was asked what would happen if Haye was to win their July bout, he replied: "(Defeat) is not an option -- myself and Vitali are going to unify all the belts. "Haye is quick and his record speaks for itself. He won a lot of fights by knockout, so I will not underestimate his speed or his punching power. "I've been in boxing for last 15 years and I'm going to be close to 60 fights, I know exactly what to expect from every single opponent." Wladimir also denied that he will enjoy any advantage from the fact that the contest will be staged in Germany -- the country that has hosted many of his title fights in the past. He explained: "It's not really an advantage because the ring is the same everywhere -- it has four corners with a referee in between you and your opponent. "It's all about the way you fight and how you follow through with your plan and tactics."
highlights: Wladimir Klitschko tells CNN that David Haye will be his 50th knockout victim . The two heavyweight boxers face off in Hamburg, Germany on July 2 . Klitschko holds the IBF, WBO & IBO belts, Haye the WBA version . The Ukrainian has won 55 of his 58 fights during a 15-year career with 49 via KOs .
id: 9d9f1b23ce9b16ca5dd09479ef99c5740fdc813f
chatgpt: Ukrainian boxing legend Wladimir Klitschko has revealed his intention to add David Haye to his long list of knockout victims. Klitschko told CNN that he is confident he will be able to deliver his 50th knockout victory against Haye when the two face off in Hamburg, Germany on July 2. Klitschko is no stranger to knocking out opponents, having achieved 49 knockouts during his 15-year career in boxing. He currently holds the IBF, WBO, and IBO belts, and a victory against Haye would add the WBA version to his collection. The bout between Klitschko and Haye has been highly anticipated, with both fighters boasting impressive records. Haye has won 28 of his 31 fights, with 26 of those victories coming via knockout. Despite this, Klitschko remains confident that he will add Haye to his list of knockout victims. Speaking to CNN about the upcoming fight, Klitschko said, "I'm excited about the challenge. I'm looking forward to this fight, and I'm going to deliver my 50th knockout victory against David Haye." Haye, for his part, has spoken openly about his desire to defeat Klitschko and claim the title of the world's best heavyweight boxer. He has been training hard in preparation for the fight and has vowed to give his best effort in the ring. The fight between Klitschko and Haye is expected to be one of the biggest boxing events of the year. Fans are eagerly anticipating the clash between two of the sport's top fighters, with many expecting a hard-fought battle. Despite his confidence, Klitschko is not taking Haye lightly. He knows that the British boxer is a formidable opponent and will come to the ring prepared to give his all. Klitschko has been in top form leading up to the fight and is determined to deliver a knockout victory. The bout between Klitschko and Haye promises to be an exciting and hard-fought battle between two of the best boxers in the sport. Fans can expect to witness an intense clash of styles as Klitschko looks to deliver his 50th knockout victory while Haye aims to upset the Ukrainian and claim the title of the world's best heavyweight boxer. The fight is set to take place in Hamburg, Germany on July 2, and fans around the world will be eagerly tuning in to watch the action unfold. With both fighters in top form, this is one fight that is sure to live up to expectations.