article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . Frozen: Neuroscientists have discovered exactly how the brain links its survival circuits to the spinal cord, causing the body to freeze . Fear is primitive. In the wild, it instinctively protects animals from predators - but for humans, the emotion can be far more complex. Fear can trigger the 'fight or flight' response to raise the heart rate, sharpen the senses and provide access to huge amounts of energy in order to cope with threats to survival. At times, the threat is so intense it can cause a 'freeze' response. This could be interpreted as the brain being overwhelmed, or it may have evolved as a way of keeping still to hide from predators. Now neuroscientists have discovered exactly how the brain links its survival circuits to the spinal cord, causing the body to freeze in the face of danger. The discovery could help develop effective treatments for emotional disorders such as anxiety, panic attacks and phobias. Scientists know that memories are learned and stored in a small structure in the brain known as the amygdala. Any disturbing event activates neurons in the lateral and then central portions of the amygdala. The signals are then communicated internally, passing from one group of neurons to the next. From there, they reach neurons in the brainstem, the action centre for fear responses. Researchers believe something known as the periaqueductal gray (PAG) can trigger responses such as freezing, a high heart rate, increase in blood pressure and the desire for flight or fight. The discovery could help develop effective treatments for emotional disorders such as anxiety, panic attacks and phobias. Nicole Kidman (pictured) is known to suffer from panic attacks . The study by Bristol University has discovered a brain pathway leading from the PAG to a part of the cerebellum – a region of the brain that controls motion - named the pyramis. The research went on to show that the pyramis is involved in generating freezing behaviour when someone faces danger. ‘There is a growing consensus that understanding the neural circuits underlying fear behaviour is a fundamental step towards developing effective treatments for behavioural changes associated with emotional disorders,’ said Dr Stella Koutsikou at the University of Bristol. Professor Bridget Lumb, Professor of Systems Neuroscience, added: ‘Our work introduces the novel concept that the cerebellum is a promising target for therapeutic strategies to manage dysregulation of emotional states such as panic disorders and phobias.’ Panic attack: Psychologists have said that humans have an innate response to danger that alerts our bodies before our cognitive brain has processed the threat .
highlights: Brain region known as periaqueductal gray (PAG) can trigger responses such as freezing, a . high heart rate and increased blood pressure . Study found a pathway leading from PAG to a region known as pyramis . Pyramis is thought to make a person freeze when they face a danger .
id: 0fd7bc29ede42df144e3436a8cccc0818b367ba7
chatgpt: A new study has shed light on the role of a brain region called the periaqueductal gray (PAG) in controlling our body's response to danger. According to the study, the PAG can trigger responses such as freezing, a high heart rate, and increased blood pressure. The PAG is a small region in the midbrain that has long been known to play a role in the regulation of pain and the response to stress. It is also believed to play a role in controlling the body's fight-or-flight response. The study, led by researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, found that there is a pathway that leads from the PAG to another brain region called the pyramis. The pyramis is thought to be responsible for causing a person to freeze when faced with a danger. "Our findings suggest that the PAG is not just responding to the presence of danger, but is actively driving the response," said Juno Kim, a graduate student at UC Berkeley and the lead author of the study. "We have identified a pathway from the PAG to the pyramis that we think is responsible for causing a person to freeze." The study used optogenetics, a technique that involves using light to control neurons in the brain. By selectively turning on and off specific neurons in the PAG and pyramis, the researchers were able to examine the connection between the two regions. The results showed that when the PAG was stimulated, the mice froze in place, just as they would in response to a perceived threat. When the researchers silenced the neurons in the pyramis, the mice no longer froze in response to the stimulation of the PAG. The study's findings have implications for understanding the neural basis of fear, anxiety, and other emotional states. By understanding how different brain regions are connected and how they interact, researchers may be able to develop new treatments for disorders such as PTSD and anxiety. The periaqueductal gray region has also been linked to other functions in the body. For example, some research suggests that it plays a role in regulating blood pressure and heart rate. The new study's findings could help researchers understand how these different functions are integrated within the brain. The research is still in its early stages, but the results provide new insight into the complex interplay of brain regions involved in our response to danger. As further research is conducted, it will be interesting to see how this new understanding of the periaqueductal gray region and its connections with other parts of the brain can be applied to develop new treatments for a range of neurological and psychiatric disorders.