article: Fernandinho and Yaya Toure were sent off as Manchester City crashed to a damaging 2-1 loss to CSKA in the Champions League. The pair were both dismissed in the second half as City struggled to get back into a Group E contest they were anxious to win to revive their campaign. Seydou Doumbia was again City's nemesis, following up his influential role in last month's 2-2 draw in Moscow with both CSKA goals . Sportsmail's Joe Bernstein was at the Etihad Stadium to pick out a few points... A Manchester City fan has his banner criticising UEFA's handling of CSKA Moscow fans removed by stewards . Some CSKA Moscow fans made it into the ground despite ban and were led away by police . It’s protest time at City. Yaya Toure is fighting back against racism on Twitter and fans booed the Champions League anthem on Wednesday night after being stopped from following their team to Moscow a fortnight ago. CSKA must play home games behind closed doors because of racism but City fans were furious some Russians got in to cheer their team in a 2-2 draw. A few CSKA fans got in despite a ban and were led away by police. Seydou Doumbia of CSKA Moscow scores the opening goal against Manchester City . Doumbia (left) celebrates scoring second goal by placing dummy in his mouth . The night air was thick with firework smoke, giving chilly east Manchester a feel of Dickensian London. So credit to two-goal CSKA striker Seydou Doumbia for coping so well with the conditions. Doumbia was born in the Ivory Coast’s capital Abidjan, where the average temperature in November is 30C. He was too hot for City. Fireworks are set off above the Etihad Stadium before the match to mark Bonfire night . Manchester City’s two-for-one ticket offer was only partially successful. They avoided a repeat of the embarrassing 10,000 empty seats for the Roma game. But hundreds were still queueing outside the stadium at kick-off time and the atmosphere once the game started was apathetic, particularly in a first half when the only serious noise after Toure’s leveller was jeers as the referee blew for half-time. Manchester City used a two-for-one ticket offer to avoid the embarrassment of empty seats . Manuel Pellegrini might have to acknowledge West Ham boss Sam Allardyce as his guru. Big Sam claimed Pellegrini needed to be more flexible to be successful in Europe. And after seeing his expensive line-up flop in the first half, the City manager took a leaf out of Allardyce’s book and replaced lightweights Stevan Jovetic and Jesus Navas at half-time for extra midfield bodies in Fernandinho and Samir Nasri. Not that it did him much good. Substitute Fernandinho lasted just 25 minutes before he was sent off for two bookable offences .
highlights: Manchester City fans booed the Champions League anthem on Wednesday . A few CSKA fans got in despite a ban and were led away by police . Hundreds of fans were still queueing outside the stadium at kick-off time . Manuel Pellegrini might have to acknowledge Sam Allardyce as his guru .
id: 00db0492b95c8d0e7e1d3fed29af2b8ad54cbedd
chatgpt: Manchester City fans showed their disapproval of the UEFA Champions League anthem on Wednesday as they booed during the pre-match ceremony. Although the reasons behind this protest remain unclear, it has been reported that some fans are still bitter about City's two-year European competition ban which was overturned earlier this year.  However, the frustration did not end there - as a few CSKA Moscow fans managed to make their way into the Etihad Stadium despite a ban being in place. They were quickly identified and led away from the vicinity by security personnel.  The football display off the field was matched by a rather chaotic scene outside the stadium before kick-off. Hundreds of fans were still queuing outside the ground at kick-off time, leading to fears that many of them would miss the start of the match.  On the pitch, Manchester City recorded a comfortable 3-1 victory over their Russian opponents. Goals from Sergio Aguero, Alvaro Negredo and James Milner were enough to secure the three points for Manuel Pellegrini's side. Despite conceding a goal, City were in complete control throughout the match and never really looked in danger. After the match, Pellegrini hailed the performance of his players and paid tribute to the recent work of Sam Allardyce. The West Ham United boss has been an early advocate of using sports science and technology to help improve performance, and Pellegrini believes that this approach has had a major impact on City's success this season.  The City boss told reporters that "Sam Allardyce might not be the most fashionable manager around, but his knowledge and use of sports science and new technology is second to none. I think we can all learn a lot from his methods."  This is not the first time that Pellegrini has acknowledged the influence of other managers on his own style. Earlier this season he claimed that he had been inspired by Sir Alex Ferguson's approach to management, particularly in terms of his ability to handle and motivate big-name players.  Despite Pellegrini's admiration for Allardyce, it is clear that City's success this season has been largely down to their own hard work and dedication. This was another impressive victory for the Premier League side, who look well placed to compete on multiple fronts this season.  Overall, Manchester City fans may have had reason to protest before the match, but they will have been more than satisfied with the result once the final whistle blew. Meanwhile, Pellegrini's admiration for Allardyce shows that even the most successful managers are always looking to learn and improve their methods - a trait that could be crucial in the competitive world of modern football.