article: By . Luke Garratt . PUBLISHED: . 06:14 EST, 1 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:02 EST, 1 March 2014 . This hilarious video shows how 'simples' it is to make a meerkat laugh - by tickling its tummy. The meerkat - named Alexander after the popular Russian critter from the TV advert - was filmed laughing with pleasure at Whitehouse Farm Centre near Morpeth, Northumberland. His keepers regularly stroke his and his fellow meerkats' stomachs - causing them to make a giggle-like sound. Scroll down for video . Cuddly critter: Alexander the meerkat, and the other meerkats he shares his space with at the Northumberland farm, love being tickled by the people who work there . Meerkats talk to eachother using a series of purrs and throat noises, that can be heard when Alexander is being tickled . Staff member Karen Lovatt said the ticklish creatures are spreading the laughter and sending visitors into stitches. She said: 'Meerkats are very vocal and they do tend to make noise. 'They all have their own character, but they all definitely like being tickled.' Whenever the keeper of the farm stops tickling, the meerkat appears to grapple them with its tiny hands, almost as if it's asking for more . Alexander the meerkat appears to be an adult sized meerkat. Infants of the species are often a lot smaller and cling to their mothers for protection . Meerkats are squirrel-sized group animals, which are part of the mongoose family. They are mostly indigenous to desert areas of Africa, and are famous for their upright posture, which they use to gaze of the plains where they live and stay alert for predators. The tunnel-dwellers have a varied diet of lizards, birds, insects and fruit, and can be trained as rodent-catchers due to their skills at hunting.
highlights: Meerkats are tunnel-dwelling animals indigenous to African plains . They are good hunters, and can be trained by humans to catch rodents . They communicate with purring sounds, as shown in the video . Zoo keeper says meerkats love being tickled and this one appears to laugh with pleasure when his stomach is rubbed . The meerkats at the Northumberland farm centre 'all have personalities'
id: 90fdd4c74a14a042706fda03f010d19d1a66a78f
chatgpt: Meerkats are fascinating animals and a new video shows just how intriguing they can be. These tunnel-dwelling creatures are indigenous to the African plains and have been found to be excellent hunters. Humans have been able to train these tiny creatures to catch rodents and they have proved to be very successful at it. One unique feature of these animals is the way they communicate with purring sounds, as seen in the video. According to a zoo keeper, meerkats love being tickled and one in particular appears to laugh with pleasure when his stomach is rubbed. This new footage has brought to light some of the quirky and lovable personality traits of these small mammals. The meerkats at the Northumberland farm center are even said to have personalities of their own. This new video has been gaining popularity, not just because it's cute and entertaining, but because it offers insight into these interesting creatures. Meerkats are known for their social nature and playful antics. They often stand on their two hind legs while digging or keeping a lookout for predators. They also have a unique way of greeting one another by rubbing their heads together, which is known as "kissing." It's not uncommon to see these animals in zoos, but this footage offers a glimpse into their daily lives that's not often captured. As more people are able to see and learn about these fascinating creatures, it's hoped that they will come to appreciate them even more. In conclusion, these meerkats are certainly creatures to admire. They are excellent hunters, trainable, and have charming personalities. The newly released video has shed light on some of their quirks and it's not hard to see why they are so captivating.