article: Comedian Bill Cosby, who has been dogged by accusations that he sexually assaulted more than a dozen women years ago, has canceled a Sunday evening performance in Boston, saying the heavy snow forecast for the area could make travel dangerous. Activists had planned to picket the evening performance at the Wilbur Theater, angry that Cosby continues to make appearances despite the allegations against him. Protest: Activists had planned to picket the evening performance at the Wilbur Theater, angry that Cosby continues to make appearances despite the sexual assault allegations against him . Cosby, best known for the lovable father figure he played on 'The Cosby Show,' denies the allegations of sexual assault, many of which are decades old and fall outside the statute of limitations for criminal or civil cases. His lawyer has called the claims 'discredited' and 'defamatory.' Cosby has never been charged over any of the allegations. He settled a 2005 civil suit alleging sexual misconduct. About a foot (30 cm) of fresh snow could accumulate in Boston on Sunday, according to the National Weather Service, blanketing a region that is still grappling with the aftermath of two major snowstorms since the end of January. 'Mr. Cosby just wanted all people coming to his shows to be safe,' said spokesman Andrew Miles. 'It had nothing to do with any protests.' Despite the Boston cancellation, protesters said they still planned to demonstrate. 'We are holding a solidarity action instead of a protest, same time and place,' Brandie Skorker, 28, one of the protest organizers, said in an email. Before the cancellation, organizers had expected more than 100 people to gather outside the theater, where the 77-year-old comedian was set to give back-to-back shows. Planned turnout: Before Cosby's cancellation, organizers had expected more than 100 people to gather outside the theater, where the 77-year-old comedian was set to give back-to-back shows . 'There is strong community here in Boston who is passionate, concerned for survivors and dedicated to fighting against rape culture - even if that means protesting in the snow,' Skorker said in an email last week. The allegations against Cosby have led some venues to cancel some of his performances, including one that had been planned on Feb. 6 in Worcester, Massachusetts, about 40 miles (65 km) west of Boston. Both Netflix and NBC have axed planned projects with the actor. Cosby owns a home in Shelburne Falls, about 100 miles (160 km) west of Boston, and he received his graduate degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. In November, the university asked him to resign as the face of a fundraising campaign. Cosby's statement indicated that he was considering rescheduling the Boston show but gave no specifics. 'We are looking at some dates,' Miles told Reuters.
highlights: Bill Cosby canceled a Sunday evening performance in Boston, saying the heavy snow forecast for the area could make travel dangerous . Cosby has been dogged by accusations that he sexually assaulted more than a dozen women years ago . Activists had planned to picket the evening performance at the Wilbur Theater, angry that Cosby continues to make appearances despite the allegations against him . Cosby denies the allegations of sexual assault, many of which are decades old and fall outside the statute of limitations for criminal or civil cases . His lawyer has called the claims 'discredited' and 'defamatory'
id: 423ba23a787a1cfa07a72a28e45a023e47f0f276
chatgpt: Bill Cosby, the famous comedian who has been dogged by sexual assault allegations, has cancelled his Sunday evening performance in Boston. Cosby cited the heavy snow forecast for the area as the reason for canceling the show, explaining that travel could be dangerous. The cancellation comes as no surprise to activists who had planned to picket the performance at the Wilbur Theater. The activists are angry that Cosby continues to perform despite the allegations against him. Many of the accusations against Cosby are decades old and fall outside the statute of limitations for criminal or civil cases. Cosby has been accused of sexually assaulting more than a dozen women years ago. The allegations, which first emerged in 2014, have tarnished Cosby's reputation and led to the cancellation of several of his performances. While Cosby has denied the allegations of sexual assault, his lawyer has called them "discredited" and "defamatory". However, the accusations have had a profound impact on Cosby's career. In addition to canceled performances, several universities and other institutions have rescinded honorary degrees and other honors they bestowed on Cosby. Despite the mounting accusations against Cosby, he has continued to make appearances at comedy clubs and other venues. This has led to backlash from some sectors of the public who believe that Cosby should not be allowed to continue his career in light of the allegations against him. The cancelation of Cosby's performance in Boston is just the latest in a series of setbacks for the embattled comedian. While Cosby may not be facing any criminal charges at this time, the accusations against him have had a deep and lasting impact on his reputation. In the wake of the cancelation, some have called for a complete boycott of Cosby's performances. Others argue that it is important to separate the art from the artist, and that Cosby should be judged solely on the quality of his work. The controversy surrounding Bill Cosby serves as a reminder of the importance of taking allegations of sexual assault seriously. While there may be some who argue that the allegations against Cosby are unfounded or exaggerated, it is crucial that these claims are thoroughly investigated to ensure justice for those who may have been victimized. Only then can we move forward and prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.