article: (CNN) -- Filipino government officials and Muslim rebel leaders are set to sign a landmark peace deal Monday aimed at ending a long-running insurgency in the nation's troubled south. The "framework agreement" paves the way for a new autonomous region to be administered by Muslims in Mindanao, President Benigno Aquino III announced earlier this month. "We're very hopeful of this particular agreement," presidential spokeswoman Abigail Valte said in a radio interview, according to a report Sunday from the state-run Philippine News Agency. The deal sets up mechanisms to tackle issues such as power structure and revenues in the southern region, which will be named Bangsamoro. The new region is expected to replace the current one by 2016, when the president's term ends, according to officials. "It deserves a name that symbolizes and honors the struggles of our forebears in Mindanao, and celebrates the history and character of that part of our nation," the president said. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state in southern Philippines, having been blamed for a host of attacks and skirmishes that have left tens of thousands dead. Yet even as this violence unfolded, rebels have been negotiating for 15 years with officials from the Manila-based government. Aquino has said the agreement "brings all former secessionist groups into the fold," and that the Moro Islamic Liberation Front is no longer seeking to form a new nation. The latter group's chairman, Al Haj Murad Ebrahim, is set to witness the agreement's signing at Malacanang Palace in Manila, the official home and workplace of the Philippines' president. His group is estimated to have 12,000 members, but military sources say it may have been splintered when government troops conducted offensives in 2000. Some leaders of another group, the Moro National Liberation Front, are also expected to attend. Its head, Nur Misuari, had opposed the pact, feeling it wasn't in sync with previous peace deals agreed upon in 1976 and 1996, the state news agency reported. Dean Marvic Leonen, chairman of the government peace panel, explained that the Moro Islamic Liberation Front is a rebel group while Moro National "is a political organization." Even as preparations continued for the 1:30 p.m. signing, fresh security concerns emerged after a weekend explosion just east of Manila. A "fragmentation grenade" exploded 1:15 a.m. Saturday in the basement of a San Juan building, a report on the president's website said, though there were no reports of injuries. After the blast, Valte said there are no known terror threats but the Philippine National Police are on "full alert" status ahead of Monday's signing and visits by several foreign dignitaries, including Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak. Ex-Philippines president arrested .
highlights: Rebels have been fighting for independence from the Philippines for years . After 15 years of talks, they are set to sign a peace deal Monday in Manilla . The agreement is to create a new autonomous region administered by Muslims . The region in the southern Philippines will be called Bangsamoro .
id: 4172e775d5c3fefa46e323de18d1ebb533fc3952
chatgpt: After 15 years of talks, rebels fighting for independence in the southern Philippines are set to sign a peace deal with the government on Monday. The agreement is to create a new autonomous region called Bangsamoro, which will be administered by Muslims in the region. The rebels, known as the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, have been fighting for independence from the Philippines for years. The conflict has claimed thousands of lives, and the government has struggled to find a lasting solution. The agreement, which is to be signed in the capital Manila, will create a new administrative region that will be largely autonomous from the rest of the Philippines. The region will be given extensive powers to govern itself, including control over its own natural resources and security forces. The deal is a significant milestone in the long-running conflict between the government and the rebels. It is the result of years of negotiations and could bring an end to the violence that has plagued the region for decades. The agreement is also seen as a major achievement for the government of President Rodrigo Duterte, who has made peace talks with the rebels a priority. Duterte has been vocal about his desire to end the conflict in the southern Philippines and has been working to bring both sides to the negotiating table. The creation of Bangsamoro is expected to help address many of the issues that have fueled the conflict, including poverty, land disputes, and a lack of economic opportunities. The region is rich in natural resources, including oil and gas reserves, and has the potential to become a major economic hub. However, the creation of Bangsamoro is not without its challenges. The region is home to a diverse population, including Muslims, Christians, and indigenous groups, and tensions between these groups could create new challenges for the region. In addition, the agreement will need to be implemented effectively to ensure that it is successful in bringing peace and stability to the region. The rebels have been fighting for independence for so long that they may not easily give up their goals. Despite the challenges, the signing of the peace deal is a major step forward in the long road towards peace and stability in the southern Philippines. It represents a break from the past and a hopeful future for the people of the region. The creation of Bangsamoro is expected to bring many benefits to the region, including increased economic opportunities, improved security, and greater autonomy. It will take time to see the full effects of the agreement, but the signing of the peace deal is a clear indication that progress is being made.