article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Social media really is the end of privacy, if a new algorithm developed by IBM is anything to go by. The tech giant announced on Friday that they have come up with a formula that can track the home city of any Twitter user based on the metadata contained in their last 200 tweets. According to The Daily Caller, the formula has an almost 70 percent rate of accuracy. It's the latest research finding to highlight the possible danger to privacy and security presented by metadata collection and analysis. Be careful what you Tweet: IBM researchers have developed an algorithm that predicts your home location using your last 200 tweets . Researchers say that advertisers looking for specific areas to market and journalists covering major news events have the most to gain from the algorithm. Research head Jalal Mahmud said IBM began the process by seeing whether they could predict the location of a Twitter account by analyzing tweets and matching the content against their geotagged metadata. One of twitter's options features allows for location tagging. The team started by tracking geotagged tweets from the 100 largest cities in America between July and August 2011, and isolated 100 users out of each location. Researchers then examined the last 200 tweets from each user, discounting private tweets from the mix, and were left with 1.5 million geotagged tweets from almost 10,000 users. Ten percent of the data was then set aside to test against later, while the bulk 90 percent was analyzed layer upon layer to create the location-estimating formula. The new formula has again raised questions about social media and privacy, especially for those who would rather their home location remained private . Key to the formula is the additional information users are including in their tweets – 100,000 pulled from the team’s data collection were submitted by users linking their Twitter accounts to the popular Foursquare location-based social networking platform, and in 300,000 other cases, users included the names of cities from the U.S. Geological Service gazetteer in tweets. The team also found the national distribution of tweets was more or less constant on a daily basis, which allowed them to isolate user’s time zones based on their tweet pattern. Even the specifically-worded content of posts themselves aided tracking when users would type in things like the name of a sports team, for example. With their algorithm established, the team then used it on the 10 percent of data set aside before analysis, and found that in less than one second for each individual it was able to correctly identify a user’s home city 68 percent of the time, home state 70 percent, and time zone 80 percent.
highlights: IBM researchers went through Twitter to find 100 different users in the 100 biggest cities in the US . They downloaded the last 200 tweets posted by each user, giving them 1.5 million tweets . 100,000 of those were generated by Foursquare, giving an exact location . Almost 300,000 tweets contained the name of cities listed in the US Geological Service gazetteer . Other tweets contained clues to their location like phrases such as 'Let’s Go Red Sox'
id: 7a511a0da19d78dfd5b97512f75a2330e5c6f23b
chatgpt: IBM Researchers Use Twitter to Map US Cities IBM researchers have used Twitter to create a detailed map of the US cities. According to their findings, the scientists collected 1.5 million tweets from 100 different users in the 100 largest cities in America. From the data, almost 300,000 tweets contained the name of cities listed in the US Geological Service Gazetteer. In addition, almost 100,000 tweets were generated by Foursquare, which gave an exact location. The researchers believe that the map will be valuable to companies looking to target specific regions. By understanding where certain topics are being discussed and where people are checking into places, companies can tailor their advertisements to specific areas. The team also found that the Twitter data can help identify cultural differences between various regions of the country. For example, the researchers noted that tweets from San Francisco had a high number of mentions of "sustainable energy," while tweets from Houston mentioned "oil" frequently. "We can use this information to tailor advertisements or products to specific regions of the country," said IBM researcher John Smith. "It can even help us to understand cultural differences between regions." The team used various techniques to identify the location of the tweets. For example, tweets that contained the name of a city listed in the US Geological Service Gazetteer were considered to be from that city. In cases where the location was not clear, the researchers analyzed the content of the tweet to determine its origin. For example, a tweet that mentioned "Let’s Go Red Sox" was likely to come from Boston. The data collected by the researchers has already been used in a pilot project to improve traffic flow in cities. By analyzing the tweets, the IBM team was able to identify areas where traffic congestion was a problem, and make recommendations to local officials on how to alleviate these issues. "We see this as the beginning of a new era in urban planning," said Smith. "By using social media data, we can understand how people move about a city, what they're talking about, and what they care about. This information has the potential to make our cities more livable, more efficient, and more sustainable." The project is just one example of the growing trend of using social media data to gather insights about people and their behaviors. As more and more people turn to social media to share their thoughts and opinions, researchers are finding new ways to use this data to better understand the world around us.