article: By . Ashley Collman . An enraged renter shot dead three people, barricaded himself in a home and opened fire in a standoff with police before surrendering to authorities in Pasadena, California Saturday afternoon. The suspect taken into custody has been identified as 44-year-old John Izeal Smith. Maria Theresa Aguiar, 59, is the only victim who has been identified so far. Police are waiting to release the names of the other two victims until they have notified family. The two injured in the incident, an unidentified man and woman, are reportedly being treated for non life-threatening injuries at the hospital. Scroll down for video . Deadly: A Pasadena neighborhood was shaken yesterday when a tenant-landlord dispute turned violent and three people were shot dead . Neighbors reported hearing shots fired around 4:20pm on the 1700 block of Summit Avenue. Police believe Smith, a renter, got into a dispute with his landlord that afternoon and pulled out a semi-automatic weapon. One of the victims, a man in his 70s, was found dead inside one of the homes, while Aguiar's body was found laying in the sidewalk to the side of that house. The third victim was an unidentified 'Good Samaritan' in his 20s who ran towards the shots, hoping to help the injured. Two other people, a man and woman in their 40s, were also injured and are being treated for minor to moderate injuries. Police received over 10 calls related to the shots fired, and the first responding officer was shot at as he tried to help one of the victims lying in the street. Victims: Two other people were injured in the incident and are reportedly recovering from non life-threatening injuries at the hospital . While Smith, barricaded in a home, continued to fire rounds at responding police vehicles, no police officer was injured in the incident. Eventually Smith called 911 and, after speaking with a dispatcher and hostage negotiator, decided to surrender to police. He was arrested and booked at Pasadena City Jail where he is currently being held on $1million bond. 'That is a deliberate act, apparently it's cowardly,' Pasadena Police Chief Phillip Sanchez said. 'He used a firearm to kill individuals who weren't armed and couldn't defend themselves. They had to run, literally, for their lives.' After police swept the house Smith barricaded himself in, they recovered his rifle as well as additional firearms he did not use in the attack. It's still unclear which house Smith was renting, but Aguiar is listed as owning a home on North Summit Street. Renter's dispute: It's still unclear which home Smith was renting in the neighborhood. However, according to public records, Aguiar owned the above home on North Summit Street .
highlights: John Izeal Smith, 44, was arrested Saturday after allegedly shooting dead three people in Pasadena, California . Police say Smith got into a fight with his landlord and pulled out a semi-automatic rifle . Only one of the three victims has been identified - 59-year-old Maria Aguiar who owned a home on the street where shots were heard . Smith eventually surrendered to police and is being held on $1million bond .
id: 5dfdbd9721ac7d39b0de2932328952a19a2419c2
chatgpt: Pasadena, California – John Izeal Smith, 44, has been arrested and charged with three counts of murder after allegedly shooting three people dead in Pasadena. The incident took place on Saturday after Smith reportedly got into a fight with his landlord. According to police reports, Smith pulled out a semi-automatic rifle during the altercation and shot three people in the vicinity of his residence. One of the victims has been identified as 59-year-old Maria Aguiar, who owned a home on the street where the shots were heard. The other two victims have not been identified, and the motive behind the killings remains unclear. However, police believe that the dispute between Smith and his landlord may have been the trigger for the incident. The incident took place around 5:45 pm on Saturday, and police quickly responded to reports of gunshots in the area. Smith was eventually apprehended and taken into custody after surrendering to the police. The accused is currently being held on $1million bond and could face life imprisonment if found guilty of the three counts of murder. The authorities have not yet revealed any information regarding Smith's prior criminal history. The residents of Pasadena have been left in shock by the incident, which is described as one of the deadliest shootings in the area in recent years. Many of them are now calling for stricter gun control measures to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. Speaking to local media, Pasadena Police Department spokesperson Jason Clawson said, "It is always tragic when incidents like this happen, and we are working diligently to bring justice for the victims and their families. We encourage anyone with information about the incident to come forward and assist us in our investigations." As the investigation into the incident continues, the community is left to mourn the loss of three of its members, while law enforcement officials try to piece together what led to the deadly shooting. In a statement issued by the Pasadena Police Department, they urged anyone who may have witnessed the incident or has any information that may be relevant to the investigation to come forward and contact them as soon as possible.