article: By . Wills Robinson for MailOnline . Scottish lingerie tycoon Michelle Mone has become the latest famous face to complete the ice bucket challenge. The Glaswegian businesswoman joined the social media craze during a trip to South Africa in front of a crowd of 500 people. Pouring the water was entrepreneur JT Foxx who introduced the Scot before saying he was going to 'lead her down the aisle' to a chair. Scroll down for video . The Scottish lingerie tycoon was on a trip to South Africa when she was nominated to complete the challenge . She was 'led down an aisle' by entrepreneur JT Foxx in front of a crowd of 500 people . She then sits down and faces the camera, saying: 'I have been nominated and accept the challenge. I nominate John Caldwell, Sir Tom Hunter, Ian Poulter and her daughter Bethany.' The bucket of ice and water is then thrown over her head and she starts to scream. And just as she thinks the challenge is over, another bucket is picked up from the ground and is emptied onto her. She then starts to shout 'stop' after being drenched by the freezing water. She caused a stir on social media last week after vowing to move to England if Scotland votes for independence following last night's bruising TV debate. Ms Mone said she would take her business to London in the event of a 'Yes' vote in next month's referendum. Following the TV debate between Alex Salmond and Alistair Darling, Ms Mone took to Twitter to slam the dangers of walking away from the UK. She said an independent Scotland's deficit would be too high and was concerned about losing the pound. She was placed on a chair before facing the camera to say that she accepted the challenge . Ms Mone then squirms as she hears the bucket being picked up behind her . The ice cubes then start to fall onto her head and she starts to scream . Ms Mone also attacked the divisive impact of the independence debate after receiving a barrage of abuse from nationalists online. Ms Mone, co-owner of MJM International and creator of lingerie brand Ultimo said previously: ‘I will move my business and I will move personally. ‘I don't think we can survive on our own and I think it would be really bad for business. ‘Everything would go up and I really don't think we need it at the moment.’ The crowd behind her - many of them using their phones to film her - start to laugh as she is drenched . After the first bucket is emptied, she puts her head down and wipes her hair back with her hands . Just as she thought the challenge was over - JT Foxx gets out another bucket and pours it over her head .
highlights: Lingerie tycoon joined the social media craze during a trip to South Africa . Was 'led down the aisle' by entrepreneur JT Foxx in front of 500 people . Then sat on a chair, accepted the challenge, and nominated four others . She chose John Caldwell, Sir Tom Hunter, Ian Poulter and her daughter .
id: 32e1734b0d1181c4b40b1b15c29deb809c7b7a16
chatgpt: Lingerie tycoon, Michelle Mone, has joined the growing social media craze by taking part in the Ice Bucket Challenge. The entrepreneur was nominated by none other than JT Foxx, a well-known business coach and entrepreneur from South Africa. During a recent trip to South Africa, Mone was 'led down the aisle' by Foxx in front of 500 people before bravely accepting the challenge. After being drenched with icy water, Mone then sat on a chair and nominated four others to take up the challenge. The individuals she nominated include John Caldwell, Sir Tom Hunter, Ian Poulter, and her daughter. It is yet to be seen if they will step up and accept the challenge. The Ice Bucket Challenge has become a global phenomenon over the past few weeks, with celebrities and ordinary people alike taking part in order to raise awareness and funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a debilitating neurological disease also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. Mone is just one of many celebrities who have taken up the challenge, with stars such as Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, and Oprah Winfrey all getting in on the action. But it's not just celebrities who are taking part. Ordinary people around the world are also embracing the Ice Bucket Challenge, with thousands of individuals posting videos of themselves getting doused with icy water on social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter. The Ice Bucket Challenge has been criticized by some for being a superficial and ineffective way to raise awareness for ALS, with some arguing that it simply encourages people to engage in an attention-grabbing stunt rather than taking meaningful action. However, supporters of the challenge argue that it has been highly effective in raising awareness for ALS, with the ALS Association in the US reporting a significant surge in donations since the Ice Bucket Challenge went viral. Regardless of the debate surrounding the Ice Bucket Challenge, it seems that the trend is set to continue as more and more people around the world take part in this unique and entertaining way of raising awareness for a worthy cause. For Mone, the challenge is just another way to showcase her philanthropic character, which she has demonstrated throughout her illustrious career. From starting her own charity, the Michelle Mone Foundation, to being awarded an OBE for her services to business and entrepreneurship, Mone has always been passionate about making a positive impact in the world. So whether you love it or hate it, the Ice Bucket Challenge is here to stay, and Mone is just one of many individuals who are embracing this innovative way of raising awareness for ALS.