article: (CNN) -- World number one Tiger Woods and his partner Steve Stricker will take on English duo Ian Poulter and Ross Fisher in the opening fourballs of the 38th Ryder Cup at Celtic Manor, Wales, on Friday. United States captain Corey Pavin named Woods and world number four Stricker as his third pairing for the first round of matches in the biennial contest against Europe. The duo won all five of their matches at the Presidents Cup last year. Europe captain Colin Montgomerie said Poulter would "relish" his dual with Woods. The Englishman, ranked 16th in the world, is known for his colorful dress on the course and once claimed he would emerge as the main rival to the American's status as the game's top player. The first match on Friday morning will feature world number two Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson for the U.S. against a strong European pairing of third-ranked Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer, who won the US PGA Championship last month. Second up are 2009 British Open champion Stewart Cink and Matt Kuchar for the U.S. against Northern Irish duo Graeme McDowell and Rory McIlory. And after the Woods-Poulter match, U.S. rookies Bubba Watson and Jeff Overton will take on three-time major winner Padraig Harrington and England's Luke Donald. The Europeans are aiming to regain the trophy which was surrendered to the U.S. in Valhalla, Kentucky, two years ago. The teams will play a set of four fourball and four foursome matches on Friday and Saturday before all 12 players compete over the singles format on Sunday. The winning team will be the first to reach 14 ½ points. Woods was named as one of Pavin's four captain's picks after failing to qualify automatically for the team following his break from the game in the wake of revelations about his private life. The 14-time major winner has struggled to reproduce his best form in the sport's most prestigious team event, winning just 10, and losing 13 of his 25 matches. Mickelson's record is even worse, with just 10 victories from 30 matches and 14 defeats. Westwood, who has not played since July following a calf injury, has the most impressive pedigree in the event of any player on either team, having racked up 14 wins in six appearances. "I felt that the honor of hitting the first shot for Europe should go to Lee Westwood," Montgomerie said at the televised opening ceremony. Perhaps the most surprising selection was Pavin's decision to leave out Jim Furyk from the opening fourballs. The world number five won the $10m Tour Championship and FedEx Cup last week. "You have to sit somebody out," Pavin told reporters. "That's a decision a captain has to make. If you have any better suggestions I'd love to hear them."
highlights: Tiger Woods and Steve Stricker to take on Ian Poulter and Ross Fisher in fourballs at Ryder Cup . Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson take on Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer in first match . United States are defending trophy in October 1-3 event at Celtic Manor . U.S. captain Corey Pavin leaves out Jim Furyk from opening fourballs .
id: b7f9a8c562222a52e402c35e1bbe27bfdeb1a348
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated match at the Ryder Cup, Tiger Woods and Steve Stricker will take on the European duo of Ian Poulter and Ross Fisher in the fourballs on Friday. This marks the second time that Woods and Stricker have paired together in the Ryder Cup, having won all four of their matches at the 2009 event. While Woods is seeking to regain his form after a turbulent year plagued by personal problems, Stricker has been in excellent form recently, winning the BMW Championship and finishing second at the Deutsche Bank Championship. Poulter and Fisher will be no easy opponents, however, with both players boasting impressive Ryder Cup records. In the opening match on Friday, Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson will take on Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer. Mickelson, a veteran of eight Ryder Cups, will be hoping to improve his mixed record in the event, having won just 18 of his 37 matches. Johnson, on the other hand, will be making his Ryder Cup debut, but has already established himself as one of the top players in the world. Meanwhile, U.S. captain Corey Pavin has left out the experienced Jim Furyk from the opening fourballs. Furyk played in the 1997, 1999, 2002, 2004, 2006, and 2008 Ryder Cups, and was one of Pavin's captain's picks for this year's event. However, his recent form has been indifferent, and Pavin has opted to sit him out for the opening match. The Ryder Cup, which takes place from October 1-3 at Celtic Manor in Wales, is one of the most eagerly anticipated events in the golf calendar. The United States are defending the trophy, having won it at Valhalla in 2008, and will be hoping to retain it for the first time since 1993. Both teams have brought strong lineups to Celtic Manor, with the U.S. featuring the likes of Woods, Mickelson, and Johnson, and the Europeans fielding a team that includes Westwood, Rory McIlroy, and Graeme McDowell. With the likes of Sergio Garcia and Padraig Harrington sitting out the event, the pressure will be on the rest of the European team to perform. The opening fourballs will set the tone for the rest of the event, and both teams will be keen to get off to a strong start. With Woods and Stricker looking to continue their impressive partnership, and Mickelson and Johnson hoping to make their mark, the stage is set for an exciting opening day at the Ryder Cup.