article: (CNN) -- Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal has signed a one-year contract extension with the German champions. The Dutchman's current deal was due to expire at the end of the Bundesliga season but the club confirmed on Monday that Van Gaal's new contract will take him through until June 2012. Bayern won the title last season but have endured a tough start to the current campaign. They are sitting ninth in the table after losing two of their opening six games and were defeated at home by league leaders Mainz on Saturday. But chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge told the club's official website that they were keen for the coach to stay despite Bayern's patchy form. "I always prefer doing things which might not have been expected," he said. "People are always extending contracts after victories, so this sends out a very good signal to the world at large about our opinion of the coach's value, even though we lost to Mainz." Speaking ahead of Bayern's Champions League tie with Swiss team FC Basel on Tuesday, Van Gaal said: "My first priority is always the sporting perspective. Winning things is always important, and you can win things with a top club like Bayern Munich." The 59-year-old led Bayern to the Champions League final for the first time since 2001 last season, where they were beaten 2-1 by Inter Milan, then coached by Jose Mourinho. Van Gaal said his "outstanding" relationship with his playing staff and the board were major factors in his decision to commit. He added: "I couldn't wish for anything better. The chemistry's right. You get to know each other properly in difficult situations. We're seeing it again right now. "These are tough times, but the board is keeping the faith -- the faith which took us to the Champions League final in Madrid." Rummenigge said Bayern valued their coach highly: "He does a superb job every day. We're recognizing that with this contract extension." Bayern's captain -- Dutch midfielder Mark van Bommel -- welcomed the news. He said: "The coach signing a new deal is a very good sign. He's doing a great job." One of Germany's stars of the World Cup, Thomas Muller, echoed the comments of his captain. "Van Gaal been extremely important for me so far, he's made a huge contribution to my career. That settles the matter, which is good for him, for us and for the club as a whole."
highlights: Louis Van Gaal signs a contract extension with German champions Bayern Munich . The Dutchman's deal runs until the end of June in 2012 . Bayern won the Bundesliga last season and were beaten in the Champions League final . Van Gaal unconcerned about Bayern's patchy start to the season .
id: 01e98c90c19e364ac4961bdfe0e6b6b0b30331e4
chatgpt: Former Dutch national team coach Louis Van Gaal has signed a contract extension with German champions Bayern Munich. The deal was announced on Wednesday and will run until the end of June in 2012. Van Gaal, who joined Bayern Munich in 2009, led the club to a Bundesliga title last season and reached the final of the Champions League. Despite a patchy start to the current campaign, the Dutchman remains unconcerned and is confident his team can challenge for silverware once again. The 63-year-old was delighted to secure his future at the club and spoke of his desire to continue building upon the success he has achieved already. "I am very proud to have extended my contract at Bayern Munich. The club is very special to me and I am committed to helping the team win more trophies in the future." Bayern Munich CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge was equally pleased to have secured the services of the Dutchman for another season. "Louis Van Gaal has done a fantastic job at Bayern Munich and we are delighted that he has decided to extend his stay with us. He is a world-class coach and we have every confidence that he will continue to deliver success for the club." Despite a disappointing start to the season, Bayern Munich have shown signs of improvement in recent weeks, winning their last five Bundesliga games to move up to fourth in the table. Van Gaal will be hoping to maintain this momentum and secure another trophy-laden season for the club. The Dutchman's tactical know-how and man-management skills have earned him widespread respect throughout the footballing world, and his continued presence at Bayern Munich is sure to inspire the club's players and fans alike. With Van Gaal at the helm, Bayern Munich will be looking to challenge for domestic and European honours once again. The club's supporters will be delighted to hear that their coach will be staying on for another season, and will no doubt be looking forward to more success under his stewardship. In conclusion, Louis Van Gaal's contract extension with Bayern Munich is a hugely positive development for the club, and signals the Dutchman's long-term commitment to delivering success at the Allianz Arena. With his unparalleled experience and tactical know-how, Van Gaal is sure to guide Bayern Munich to even greater heights in the seasons to come.