article: New research has found that as humans we all have a tendency to look on the bright side of life . If you are struck down by the winter blues, take heart, for things will soon start to feel better. Not only is spring on the way, but new research has concluded that as humans we all have a tendency to look on the bright side of life. A large study of languages spoken across the globe revealed that optimism is ingrained in human nature. Scientists from Australia and the US studied the 100,000 most-common words used in the world’s ten most-spoken languages. Using mathematical analysis, they found that no matter their culture, people are far more likely to use positive words than negative ones. The study, which looked at the most popular words used in newspapers, books, films, the internet and on the Twitter social media site, found that humans have a natural tendency to look at life with a cheerful slant. Dr Lewis Mitchell, from the University of Adelaide, said: ‘Happiness is obviously important, but tough to define and measure. ‘We want to be able to do this in a data-driven, open-source way, so that both the public and policymakers can consult these metrics on a daily basis, as they might interest rates or stock tickers.’ He added: ‘It doesn’t matter whether it’s English, Spanish, Russian or Chinese ─ the words that make up our languages are universally biased towards positive emotions.’ The researchers analysed the 10,000 most spoken words in each of ten languages - English, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Arabic, Indonesian, Chinese, Korean and Russian. They asked native speakers to rate whether those words were ‘happy’ or ‘sad’ on a 1 to 9 scale. The results, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences last night (Monday), revealed a positive slant in the way in which humans communicate, no matter the language. The study of languages spoken across the globe revealed optimism is ingrained in human nature. File photo . Even though all ten languages were positively biased, there were some differences between them - Spanish and Portuguese were the ‘happiest’ and Chinese, Korean and Russian were the ‘saddest’. The research provides evidence which backs up the ‘Polyanna hypothesis’ which holds that the human subconscious naturally leans towards optimism. It also explains previous research which shows that people often expect too much out of life. For example, we know that around 50 per cent of marriages end in divorce, but even people who have had a number of failed marriages continue to tie the knot again. This tendency, which psychologists call the ‘triumph of hope over experience’, means we also tend to think we will live longer and be more successful than average, and underestimate our likelihood of having cancer.
highlights: Scientists studied the 100,000 most-common words used in ten languages . Looked at popular words used in books, films, the internet and on Twitter . Found people are far more likely to use positive words than negative ones .
id: 160b379332b1f362e82ccf3de3c972d066874d60
chatgpt: A recent study conducted by a team of scientists has shown that human beings are more likely to use positive words as opposed to negative ones. The study involved analyzing the 100,000 most common words used in ten different languages, including English, Spanish, Mandarin, German, and Russian. To arrive at their findings, the researchers looked at popular words used in books, films, the internet, and on Twitter. They found that people tend to use positive words more frequently than negative ones, regardless of the language used. The study revealed that positive words such as love, peace, joy, and happiness are used far more frequently than negative ones such as hate, pain, sorrow, and anger. This positive bias was observed in all ten of the languages examined, indicating that it is a universal phenomenon. According to the lead researcher, Professor Stephen Pinker, this positive bias is a reflection of the way humans perceive the world around them. "We tend to focus on the good things in life and overlook the bad," he said. "This is evident in the language we use, which reflects our attitudes and beliefs." The study also found that the frequency of word usage varied across different platforms. For example, positive words were more commonly used in books and films, but negative words were more frequently used on Twitter. This suggests that people may be more prone to expressing negativity on social media platforms, where the focus is on brevity and immediacy. Despite the prevalence of positive language, the researchers noted that the ratio of positive to negative words is not constant across all contexts. For example, news articles tend to use more negative language than positive, as they are often reporting on tragic or distressing events. The findings of this study have important implications for the way we communicate with one another. By understanding our natural tendency towards positive language, we can work towards creating a more positive and harmonious society. Furthermore, the study has highlighted the need for further research into the psychology of language use. As Professor Pinker concluded, "Language is a window into the human mind, and by studying our use of words, we can gain insights into the way we think and relate to one another."