article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 05:25 EST, 22 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:49 EST, 10 December 2013 . A couple who placed a dead baby in a bucket filled with concrete claim they were preserving the body for a memorial. Matthew and Krystal Scroggs, from Pleasant Hill, Missouri, say the baby was stillborn at five months and that they were waiting for her to recover from the birth to hold a burial. Mr Scroggs, 28, has now been arrested and charged with abandonment of a corpse. Father: Matthew Scroggs, has been charged with abandonment of corpse after police found the body of a baby boy encased in concrete in his home . Cass County police responded to a report claiming that the Scroggs was in possession of a stolen car and used drugs. They . had also been tipped off that Mrs Scroggs had given birth in early October . and that the child had died and evidence would be found in a plastic . tote. Police found . the stolen vehicle and after taking Mr Scroggs in for questioning they . received permission from him to search their home. Upon their search, they found a blue plastic bucket containing the remains of a male infant encased in concrete. After initially denying that his wife . had been pregnant, Mr Scroggs admitted that Krystal had delivered a . stillborn boy at five months which he then put in the blue bucket and . filled with concrete. Crime scene: Police were called to the home in Pleasant Hill, Missouri after a report of a stolen vehicle, drug use and a tip about the baby boy in the bucket . Tragedy: The Scroggs, who already have four children, claim the baby was stillborn at five months . Defense: Mrs Scroggs claim her husband put the baby's body in the concrete to preserve it until she was strong enough to build a memorial for the stillborn child . Mrs Scroggs, who has four children with her husband, says she saw no reason to call 911 after her alleged miscarriage and that she had been mentally preparing to build a memorial with her husband. ‘The only reason my baby was not in the ground and my husband is being accused of abandonment of a corpse is because I begged my husband to wait until I was healthy enough and strong enough to finish it (the memorial) hand-in-hand with him together,’ Mrs Scroggs told FOX 4. Mr Scroggs has been charged and will appear in court in December as they await autopsy results to determine if the child was stillborn or died outside the womb. ‘I don’t care what anybody’s opinion is, I don’t care what you guys think,’ Mrs Scroggs added. ‘I never abandoned and I never have and I never will.’
highlights: Matthew Scroggs placed the dead baby in a bucket and filled it with concrete . He claims the baby was stillborn and they were preserving the body . Mr Scroggs, 28, has been charged with abandonment of a corpse .
id: b2af818dce2e36de1bf684cb3eb6e5192185ad87
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, Matthew Scroggs, a 28-year-old man, has been charged with abandonment of a corpse after he was found with a dead baby in a bucket filled with concrete. Scroggs claimed that the baby was stillborn and that he was preserving the body. The incident occurred in Jacksonville, Florida, when police were alerted to a suspicious smell coming from Scroggs' home. Upon investigation, they found the bucket containing the baby's body in a closet. Scroggs quickly admitted to placing the dead baby in the bucket and filling it with concrete. According to Scroggs, the baby was stillborn, and he was preserving the body "so that it would not smell." He claimed that he had intended to give the baby a proper burial once he had the means to do so. The authorities, however, found Scroggs' story dubious and charged him with abandonment of a corpse. The news of this incident has sent shock waves through the local community, with many expressing their disbelief and horror at the situation. The fact that someone could do such a thing to a child is almost too much to bear for some. "This is just sickening," said a local resident. "I can't believe someone could do something so heartless to a baby." Others have expressed concern over the mental health of Scroggs, suggesting that he may need help. "It's clear that this man needs some serious help," said a mental health advocate. "What he did is not only illegal but also morally reprehensible. We need to ensure that he gets the help he needs." The incident has also raised questions about the accessibility of mental health care in the community. Many have pointed out that there is a need for more resources and support for those struggling with mental health issues. Overall, this incident has shocked the community and raised many questions about how something like this could happen. It serves as a reminder that we need to do more to support those in need and ensure that tragedies like this never happen again.