article: A porn star can barely talk after a brutal beating, allegedly at the hands of her MMA fighter boyfriend at their Las Vegas home.Christy Mack is in hospital and Jon Koppenhaver, known in the ring as War Machine, is wanted by police. There was allegedly a third person involved in the fracas who also sustained injuries, but police have not revealed that person's identity. Both are described by TMZ as having sustained 'severe but non-life-threatening injures.' Scroll down for video . Tainted love: Christy Mack (left) is in hospital and War Machine, aka Jon Koppenhaver, is at large after he allegedly beat her brutally at their Las Vegas home . Koppenhaver has not come forward but he has tweeted about the incident. '@ChristyMack I love you and hope you're okay. I came him (sic) early to surprise you and help you set up for your convention. I can't believe what I found and can't believe what happened. 'I'm so heart broken...in all ways. I will always love you.' TMZ reports that Mack is 'in very bad shape' after the attack and can barely speak from her injuries. A representative for the porn actress told TMZ that Mack's friends and relatives are offering a $5,000 reward to anyone who can provide clues as to Koppenhaver's whereabouts. Welterweight Koppenhaver, who appears on the FOX show Ultimate Fighter, has been released from his contract with MMA tournament group Bellator. Big man: Koppenhaver has spent time in jail for assault, and Mack has previously spoken about his physical violence towards her . Porn star: The tattooed brunette works in the porn industry but is currently in hospital with injuries so severe that she has difficulty speaking . Selfie-obsessed: 'War Machine' tweeted about the attack, hinting that he had found Mack en flagrante with another person . Bellator's president told TMZ that Koppenhaver would not be welcome back. 'We have a zero tolerance policy here at Bellator when it relates to any form of domestic violence, and after learning of this latest incident involving (Jon Koppenhaver) War Machine, Bellator is releasing him from his promotional contract with the organization,' Bellator president Scott Coker told TMZ. Koppenhaver served a year in jail in 2012 for an assault in a San Diego nightclub. Mack has previously tweeted about her boyfriend's violent tendency. Fox Sports reports that last November she wrote that Koppenhaver 'threatened to kill' her. She deleted the tweets not long after and Koppenhaver tweeted that she had been joking. Later, she tweeted that she had endured 'several slapping, choking unconscious, smothering, kicking and throwings' at his hands.
highlights: Porn star Christy Mack is in hospital with serious injuries . Her MMA fighter boyfriend War Machine, aka Jon Koppenhaver, is wanted by police . He is believed to have brutally beaten Mack and another person in the couple's Las Vegas home .
id: f363a4820399451cb064947bd7d2d131e7ac8a8b
chatgpt: Pornstar Christy Mack is currently in the hospital with severe injuries after allegedly being brutally beaten by her MMA fighter boyfriend, Jon Koppenhaver, also known as War Machine. According to sources, the incident occurred in the couple's Las Vegas home, where Koppenhaver also reportedly attacked another person present. The attack left Mack with serious injuries, including broken bones and missing teeth. A graphic photo of Mack's injuries was shared on social media, causing widespread outrage and concern for her wellbeing. Police are currently searching for Koppenhaver, who fled the scene after the attack. He is considered armed and dangerous, and authorities are warning the public not to approach him if spotted. Mack, 23, is a popular adult film actress and model, with over 284,000 followers on Twitter. She has not yet issued a statement regarding the attack, but her friend and fellow porn star, Kendra Lust, has spoken out on her behalf. "Christy is a very strong girl, and she's going to need all of our support right now," Lust said in a statement. "I know she's going to pull through this and come out even stronger on the other side." This is not the first time Koppenhaver has been involved in a violent incident. In 2010, he was sentenced to prison for assault and attempted murder, after attacking a man at a San Diego nightclub. He was released in 2011, and has been continuing his career in MMA fighting and acting. The MMA community has been quick to distance themselves from Koppenhaver, with former UFC champion Tito Ortiz speaking out against him on Twitter. "This man is sick and a very dangerous individual," Ortiz tweeted. "I'm praying for Christy Mack and all who have been affected by his actions." As the search for Koppenhaver continues, many are calling for increased awareness of domestic abuse and violence in the adult entertainment industry. "I think this horrible incident really highlights the need for more education and resources for people in the industry," said porn star and activist, Nina Hartley. "We need to support each other and stand up against violence in all forms." The severity of Mack's injuries has brought widespread attention to this case, with many hoping for a swift resolution and justice for the victims of this senseless attack.