article: Conjoined twins born at an Atlanta hospital have died, their parents said, less than two days after they beat the odds simply by coming into the world. Eli and Asa Hamby shared a torso, heart, arms and legs. They had separate spinal columns to support their heads. Doctors at Atlanta's Northside Hospital delivered the boys Thursday morning, then transferred them to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston, parents Michael and Robin Hamby wrote on their Facebook page, where they posted frequent updates on their boys. Late Friday, the parents posted a tearful video in which they announced their boys had died that evening. "They fought long and hard," Michael Hamby said. "They (were) doing real good last night, had no problems other than little breathing problems. ... They was holding their own, and early this morning they started to have heart issues." He said one side of their heart was beating more quickly than the other and the heart rate reached 300 beats per minute, despite medicine to try to bring it down. Staff then sedated the boys and doctors allowed Robin, still recovering from her cesarean section, to leave her hospital bed to be with them. "We sang to the boys and prayed over them, and our families got to love on them and tell them how much we love them," Robin said in the video. "They took them off the ventilators, and about 45 minutes (later), Eli and Asa went on to sleep, to be with the Lord," Michael said. Births of conjoined twins are rare, happening once every 200,000 live births, according to the University of Maryland Medical Center. About 40-60% of conjoined twins arrive stillborn, and about 35% survive only one day. The overall survival rate of conjoined twins is between 5% and 25%. The Hambys are from near Phenix City, Alabama, and have a daughter, Selah, who is almost 2. "It's hard losing two kids at one time," Michael said. "Even though I only got to be with them a little over 24 hours, it feels like a lifetime. I don't wish this hurt on anybody." Robin called the boys "beautiful" and had said late Thursday they were even offering glimpses of their different personalities. Pictures on Facebook showed the parents beaming as they held their babies, swaddled tightly with hats on their heads. "They looked so much like Michael. They were just the cutest little things. They were so, so sweet," Robin said. The parents said their Christian faith had grown stronger ever since the boys came into their lives. "I know they're in heaven and they're waiting on me," Michael said. "God is good." Said Robin, "God gave us extra time with them that some parents don't get to have, because a lot of babies are stillborn that are conjoined twins, and we had almost two days."
highlights: Alabama parents chronicle rare pregnancy on social media . Their conjoined twins die less than two days after birth . Video: "Our families got to love on them"
id: c9e93f4f20ea0e051b8adb17cfb0f1b09feb2b6f
chatgpt: Alabama parents who shared their journey of a rare and complicated pregnancy on social media, have announced the tragic loss of their conjoined twin daughters less than two days after their birth. Amber and Levi Pigg, from Montgomery, Alabama, had been documenting their pregnancy journey on Facebook and Instagram, sharing updates and photos with their followers. The couple's twin daughters, named Millie and Callie, were born on Saturday, June 26 at the University of South Alabama Children's & Women's Hospital in Mobile. The babies shared a liver and were conjoined from the chest down. Doctors had previously told the couple that the twins had about a 25% chance of survival. Despite the difficult circumstances, the Pigg family said they were grateful for the time they were able to spend with their daughters. In a Facebook post, they wrote: "Millie and Callie were born yesterday and they only stayed with us for a short time. Our families got to love on them before they went to heaven." The couple shared a heartwarming video on Facebook, showing family members and friends holding the babies and saying goodbye. The video was captioned: "Our families got to love on them." The Pigg family has received an outpouring of support from people around the world who have followed their journey on social media. On Instagram, Amber Pigg posted: "The messages, calls, texts, and comments have meant everything to us. We appreciate and love you all. Thank you for continuing to pray for us as we navigate this difficult time." The Pigg family's story has inspired many, and their decision to share their journey on social media has helped raise awareness about the challenges faced by families dealing with conjoined twins. The couple had been sharing regular updates and photos of their journey, including photos of the custom-made onesies they had made for their daughters. In a touching post on Facebook, Levi Pigg wrote: "Millie and Callie, mommy and daddy love y'all so much. You two have and always will be our angels. We'll see y'all again one day." The Pigg family's journey has touched the hearts of many, and their message of hope and resilience in the face of tragedy is an inspiration to all. As they continue to grieve the loss of their daughters, their message to others is clear: to cherish every moment and to never give up hope.