article: Mercedes boss Toto Wolff last night claimed that Lewis Hamilton’s victory in the Singapore Grand Prix was payback from a ‘racing god’ for his race-ending accident in Spa last month. It was there that Hamilton retired after a collision that the team blamed on Nico Rosberg, who went on to win the race. Although Mercedes have already fined Rosberg and made him apologise for the crash, the loose-tongued Wolff returned to the topic after an electrical failure ended the German’s race yesterday and allowed Hamilton to leapfrog him into a three-point lead in the drivers’ championship. Lewis Hamilton celebrates winning the Singapore Grand Prix but team mate Nico Rosberg can't force a smile . Hamilton (left) and Mercedes team-mate Rosberg collided on lap two of the Belgian Grand Prix last month . Mercedes boss Toto Wolff (right) has a tough task keeping Hamilton and Rosberg both happy at the team . ‘Lewis caught up a lot of points, ones he lost in Spa,’ said Wolff. ‘If there is a racing god maybe he was there today.’ Of more concern to Mercedes than spiritual matters are the nuts and bolts of providing a dependable car. They have suffered five retirements this season and further problems in qualifying and practice. Wolff admitted: ‘We have a missile of a car but are having reliability issues. Today Nico’s steering column broke. I said: “Sorry for letting you down”. At moments like that there is really nothing you can say.’ Nico Rosberg signals to the Mercedes crew as he retires from the Singapore Grand Prix on Sunday . Rosberg was still stony-faced as he was commiserated by Niki Lauda, Mercedes’ non-executive chairman, more than an hour after his race ended. Asked if reliability would be a factor in deciding the title, Rosberg said: ‘Of course, but I’m still very optimistic. It is clear reliability is the point we need to focus on the most. ‘At the moment I’m just disappointed with today, and I want to dig in with the team to try to understand what went wrong. The team are working crazy hours. They just need to review their approach and try to improve in that area. It’s not a demand. Everyone in the team wants the same thing.’ Rosberg is less than impressed with the reliability of his Mercedes car as he was forced to retire in Singapore .
highlights: Lewis Hamilton won the Singapore Grand Prix to lead the championship . Team mate Nico Rosberg had to retire and bemoaned car's relability . Mercedes boss Toto Wolff hails win as payback for Hamilton's race-ending accident at the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa in August .
id: e9ece595434c9793af85ab07e33fdcd628d90805
chatgpt: Lewis Hamilton has emerged victorious at the Singapore Grand Prix, taking the lead in the championship. The Mercedes driver put in a stellar performance, beating Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo by nearly five seconds. However, Hamilton's teammate Nico Rosberg was unable to finish the race due to car problems, resulting in his retirement. Despite the win, the race was not without its challenges for Hamilton. At one point, his engine appeared to be overheating and he had to alter his driving style to ensure it didn't fail. However, Hamilton stayed cool under pressure and managed to secure his third victory in Singapore. Meanwhile, Rosberg was left reeling after his car let him down once again. The German driver has struggled with reliability issues this season, and was clearly frustrated after the race. "It's a pity because I felt comfortable and I was hoping for a strong result," Rosberg told reporters. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was quick to praise Hamilton after the race, hailing the win as payback for the British driver's race-ending accident at the Belgian Grand Prix in August. "Lewis has fought back from a tough situation in Spa, and he's done it in style," said Wolff. "He's shown great character and determination, and it's great to see him on top." Wolff also expressed his frustration at the ongoing reliability issues affecting his team. "It's frustrating for all of us, but we're working hard to get to the bottom of the problems," he said. "We know we have a fantastic car, and we're determined to make sure it performs to its full potential." Aside from the impressive performance from Hamilton, the Singapore Grand Prix was also notable for a number of on-track incidents. The safety car was deployed on several occasions, and there were a number of collisions and retirements throughout the course of the race. Despite the challenges faced by both drivers and teams, the Singapore Grand Prix proved to be an exciting and entertaining race for fans of the sport. With just six races remaining in the season, the pressure is on for Hamilton to maintain his momentum and clinch the championship.