article: Washington (CNN) -- Solar panels and a solar hot water heater will soon be installed at the White House, Energy Secretary Steven Chu said Tuesday. Chu announced the conversion at the 2010 GreenGov Symposium in Washington, accompanied by Nancy Sutley, chairwoman of the Council of Environmental Quality. "This project reflects President Obama's strong commitment to U.S. leadership in solar energy and the jobs it will create here at home," Chu said in a written statement released by the Energy Department. "Deploying solar energy technologies across the country will help America lead the global economy for years to come." By installing the solar panels on the White House, Sutley said the president is underscoring a commitment to "lead, and the promise and importance of renewable energy in the United States." The solar panel system, which should be installed by next spring, will convert sunlight directly to electricity, while the solar hot water heater will have a solar collector facing the sun to heat water for use in the White House residence. The Energy Department said a competitive procurement process will be used to select the company that will make the installations. This is not the first time solar energy has been tapped at the White House. Former President Jimmy Carter had solar panels installed on the roof of the White House residence during his term. They were removed during the Reagan administration. Former President George W. Bush also used solar energy to help power a maintenance building on the White House grounds, and to assist in heating the swimming pool there. The announcement comes on the one-year anniversary af an executive order signed by the president that called on the federal government to lead in the establishment of a clean energy economy.
highlights: Solar panels, solar hot water heater will be installed in the White House . Chu says the move reflects Obama's commitment to solar energy . Carter also put solar panels on the White House .
id: 3019ba584cb9c9324139cb3d150f5839c227b4ef
chatgpt: In a move that reflects President Obama's commitment to renewable energy, solar panels and a solar hot water heater are set to be installed in the White House. The announcement was made by Energy Secretary Steven Chu, who emphasized the importance of using clean and sustainable energy sources to power the nation's buildings. This is not the first time the White House has embraced solar power. Back in 1979, President Jimmy Carter installed solar panels on the roof of the West Wing. However, the panels were removed by President Reagan in 1986 during a roof renovation. Now, more than three decades later, the White House is once again turning to solar energy. The new solar panels and hot water heater will be installed as part of an overall effort to reduce the carbon footprint of the executive mansion. The installation is expected to save the White House several thousand dollars per year in energy costs. Speaking about the move, Secretary Chu said, "This project reflects President Obama's strong commitment to US leadership in solar energy and the jobs it will create here at home. Deploying solar energy technologies across the country will help America lead the global clean energy race." The White House's embrace of solar energy comes as part of a nationwide push to increase the use of renewable energy sources. President Obama has set a goal for the United States to generate 80% of its electricity from clean sources by 2035. The installation of solar panels at the White House is just one small step towards achieving that goal. In addition to the new solar panels, the White House is also undertaking other energy-saving initiatives, such as replacing old windows and doors with more efficient ones and installing energy-saving lighting throughout the building. These efforts will not only reduce the White House's impact on the environment, but they will also save money over time.