article: By . Jennifer Smith . A pensioner has been jailed after offering a nine-year old girl money in exchange for sex. Keren Horinek will spend six years in prison after waving a £5 note at the child from the window of his flat in Harwich, Essex, and beckoning her towards him. The 68-year-old told police he was attracted to young children and would have carried out a sex act on the little girl if she had not run away. 'A danger to children': Keren Horinek was jailed for six years after admitting he would have sexually assaulted the child had she not run away . Chelmsford Crown Court heard how Horinek stood in the window of his flat near where children were playing on May 18. He waved a £10 note at the girl, but moved away when her mother saw him. Later, at around 5pm, he reappeared this time with a £5 note and beckoned the child towards him. Judge Patricia Lynch sentenced Horinek to six years in prison . Police arrested the man after being called to the scene by the frightened girl's mother. Horinek was jailed for six years but the judge extended the sentence for an eight year period. This means when he is released, Horinek will be on licence for eight years and could be returned to prison if he offends again within this time span. 'You have an attraction to young children and told police you would have abducted the child and would have sexually assaulted her.Mercifully, nothing terrible happened here.' she said. 'I am satisfied you represent a danger to children especially pre-pubescent girls.' Upon sentencing Horinek made a series of shocking outbursts, shouting: 'Nothing happened to her. 'By the time I’m released I’ll be bloody dead. I’ll slash my throat. I may as well say cheerio.' The pensioner has two previous convictions for burglary with intent to rape after being discovered in the bedroom of a young boy and in the home of a 39-year-old woman on another occasion. He has been convicted for indecent assaults on a boy and girl aged under 16 in the past. Defending Evelyn Hicks said he had 'some capacity to control his sexual urges'.
highlights: Keren Horinek waved a £5 note at the child as she played near his flat . The 68-year-old said he would have abducted her if she hadn't ran away . Pensioner shouted 'nothing happened to her' as he was jailed for six years . Judge Patricia Lynch QC branded him a 'danger to children'
id: 44437f794deb26dbcd408c023d3f1974d517bc7e
chatgpt: A 68-year-old man has been sentenced to six years in prison after admitting he attempted to abduct a child. Keren Horinek was seen waving a £5 note at the child as she played near his flat. Horinek confessed to the crime, admitting that he would have abducted the child if she had not run away. During the trial, Horinek attempted to downplay the seriousness of his actions by shouting, "nothing happened to her". But Judge Patricia Lynch QC was unmoved by his attempts to minimize his criminal behavior. In handing down the sentence, Judge Lynch branded Horinek a "danger to children" and stressed the importance of protecting vulnerable members of society from predators like him. "Your behavior was brazen and calculated. You knew exactly what you were doing when you tried to lure that child," she said. Horinek's actions serve as a chilling reminder of the dangers that children face in their everyday lives. Despite society's best efforts to protect them, children remain vulnerable to harm from those who seek to exploit and harm them. Fortunately, in this instance, the child managed to escape unharmed. But Horinek's willingness to take advantage of her innocence and vulnerability is a sobering reminder of the lengths that some people will go to satisfy their twisted desires. The case also highlights the importance of remaining vigilant and taking action when you suspect that a child may be in danger. In this instance, a quick-thinking child who recognized the danger of Horinek's actions was able to avoid disaster. But not all children will be so fortunate. As we move forward, it is essential that we continue to educate ourselves and our children about the dangers that exist in the world and take steps to protect ourselves from those who would seek to harm us. With a collective effort, we can ensure that our communities are safe places for everyone, especially our most vulnerable members.