article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Bush administration told the CIA in 2002 that its interrogators working abroad would not violate U.S. prohibitions against torture unless they "have the specific intent to inflict severe pain or suffering," according to a previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday. Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft testifies before Congress July 17 about waterboarding. The interrogator's "good faith" and "honest belief" that the interrogation will not cause such suffering protects the interrogator, the memo adds. "Because specific intent is an element of the offense, the absence of specific intent negates the charge of torture," Jay Bybee, then the assistant attorney general, wrote in the memo. The 18-page memo is heavily redacted, with 10 of its 18 pages completely blacked out and only a few paragraphs legible on the others. Another memo released Thursday advises that "the waterboard," or simulated drowning, does "not violate the Torture Statute." It also cites a number of warnings against torture, including statements by President Bush and a then-new Supreme Court ruling "which raises possible concerns about future U.S. judicial review of the [interrogation] Program." A third memo instructs interrogators to keep records of sessions in which "enhanced interrogation techniques" are used. The memo is signed by then-CIA director George Tenet and dated January 28, 2003. The memos were made public by the American Civil Liberties Union, which obtained the three CIA-related documents under Freedom of Information Act requests. "These documents supply further evidence, if any were needed, that the Justice Department authorized the CIA to torture prisoners in its custody," said Jameel Jaffer, director of the ACLU National Security Project. The Bush administration has consistently denied that the United States tortures detainees. Reports say the CIA waterboarded three "high-value detainees," including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, although former Justice Department official Daniel Levin suggested in congressional testimony in June that there had been more than three instances of the practice, which critics call torture. The third document released Thursday was blacked out except for a line saying "Unless otherwise approved by Headquarters, CIA officers (redacted) may use only Permissible Interrogation Techniques. Permissible Interrogation Techniques consist of both (a) Standard Techniques and (b) Enhanced Techniques," plus the instruction for interrogators to keep records of sessions in which enhanced interrogation techniques are used.
highlights: Previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday . 18-page memo heavily redacted; 10 of 18 pages blacked out . Only a few paragraphs legible on the other pages . DOJ authorized the CIA to torture prisoners, says ACLU official .
id: 804440ee2e14cc0b174c0c676df86bccd943f935
chatgpt: The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has released a previously secret Justice Department memo that authorized the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to torture prisoners. The 18-page memo, heavily redacted, was made public on Thursday, with 10 of the 18 pages completely blacked out. Only a few paragraphs were legible on the remaining pages. The memo, issued by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, was created in 2002 by then-Deputy Assistant Attorney General John Yoo. It outlined legal arguments that were used to support the use of torture techniques against suspected terrorists in the wake of the September 11th attacks. The memo was widely criticized for giving legal legitimacy to a program of torture that was both cruel and inhumane. The memo argued that the use of tactics such as waterboarding, stress positions, and sleep deprivation did not constitute torture under US law. The ACLU official who released the memo, Jameel Jaffer, said that the document proved that senior officials at the Justice Department had authorized torture and had misled the public about its legality. "The memo confirms that senior officials authorized the CIA to use torture techniques that at the time were illegal and that are widely considered to be torture," said Jaffer. The memo's release marks a significant moment in the ongoing debate over the use of torture by the US government. Many human rights groups have argued that the use of torture is both immoral and ineffective, leading to false confessions and unreliable intelligence. Critics of the program have also argued that it has damaged America's reputation in the eyes of the world, portraying the country as a hypocrite when it comes to human rights. The ACLU has been a leading voice in the fight against torture and has called for the release of all documents related to the CIA's program. In a statement, the organization said that it would continue to push for transparency and accountability from the US government. "The release of this memo is an important step towards transparency and accountability, but it is only the beginning," said ACLU attorney Ben Wizner. "We must continue to push the government to release all of the documents related to its torture program and to hold those responsible for these crimes accountable."