article: MOGADISHU, Somalia (CNN) -- At least 39 civilians were killed in Somalia's capital Monday after a convoy of African Union peacekeepers was hit by a roadside bomb, causing the troops to open fire, officials and eyewitnesses said. Islamist militia display weapons Monday in defiance of newly elected President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed. Maj. Ba-Huko Barigye, spokesman to the African Union Mission to Somalia (AMISON), said an explosion targeted a contingent of Ugandan troops. At least one soldier was injured and one of the vehicles damaged, Barigye said. Ahmed Dirie Ali, spokesman of Hawiye Traditional Elders -- a major group of local clan leaders -- condemned the civilian deaths. And Mogadishu's deputy mayor, Abdifatah Ibrahim Shaweye, accused AMISOM of killing innocent civilians deliberately during a "brutal attack," an allegation Barigye denied. "The deputy mayor has got the wrong information," he said. "They are targeting AMISOM, but the people who have died are all Somali civilians, who have nothing, whatsoever to do with AMISOM." Officials say the incident happened on Maka al-Mukarama road, which connects the presidential palace and the airport in southern Mogadishu. The incident occurred on the same day that the new Somali president, Sheik Sharif Sheik Ahmed, was attending an African Union summit in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa. Ethiopia invaded Somalia in 2006, to depose an Islamic government led by Ahmed that had taken control of Mogadishu. But at the summit, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged continued support for national reconciliation efforts in Somalia, which has been without an effective central government since 1991. "It is important that these efforts should have a tangible effect in improving the security environment for the Somali people and humanitarian actors," Ban said in a statement released by his office. "The United Nations will provide strong logistical support to the African Union's AMISOM force and help develop Somali security forces." He also encouraged AU leaders to consider a plan that will incorporate AMISOM into a larger U.N. peacekeeping force in the months ahead. AMISOM was set up to take over from Ethiopian forces, which were supposed to be withdrawn soon after the December 2006 invasion that deposed the Islamic Courts Union, which Ahmed once led. But the Ethiopians and the country's U.N.-backed transitional government were soon battling Islamist guerrillas, including the militia al-Shabaab -- which the United States has designated as a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda. The transitional government eventually signed a peace agreement with a new movement led by Ahmed, the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia. But al-Shabaab has rejected the deal and continued fighting. The militia overran the town of Baidoa, the seat of the transitional government, within hours of the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops last week. Ahmed was elected president Saturday by lawmakers in Djibouti, and many Somalis view him as a final hope to challenge the militia and its extremist ideology. CNN's Amir Ahmed and Ahmednor Mohamed Farah for CNN contributed to this report.
highlights: Roadside bomb strikes African Union peacekeepers, AU mission says . Officials: Civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace, airport . Mogadishu deputy mayor, AU spokesman disagree over cause of civilian deaths .
id: 6607969f6f7d260ba2517c919b8ebda209a7989b
chatgpt: In a stark reminder of the perils that peacekeepers on foreign soil face, a roadside bomb has exploded, striking African Union (AU) peacekeepers in Somalia. The AU mission in Somalia revealed that the perpetrators of this cowardly act planted the bomb on the road that connected the presidential palace to the airport in the capital, Mogadishu. According to officials, the explosion had a dual impact: it injured several peacekeepers and caused multiple civilian casualties. While the AU mission in Somalia released a statement that confirmed the occurrence of the attack, the actual number of civilian deaths has not been revealed. The explosion elicited divergent accounts of what transpired during the incident. While the Deputy Mayor of Mogadishu, Mohamed Tulah, believes that the cause of civilian deaths on the road was due to the actions of the peacekeeping soldiers themselves, the AU spokesman, Koang Mathiang, dismissed these allegations as unfounded. The AU considers Somalia a fragile state, and its presence there since 2007 is an attempt to restore order and rebuild the country. The country has suffered from a 30-year civil war that has devastated its economy and infrastructure. However, their presence in the country has not gone unnoticed by the insurgents, who have unleashed a string of deadly attacks against the peacekeepers. While the country has witnessed a decrease in militant activity, these recent attacks have dented the country's slowly recovering stability. Various insurgent groups operate in Somalia, with Al-Shabaab being the most notorious. It is an Islamist extremist group that is committed to overthrowing the UN-backed government in the country. It has been behind countless bombings, attacks, and assassinations, which have caused untold suffering to the country's citizens. The recent attack is yet another blow to the peacekeeping efforts of the AU in the country. The official statement only confirmed that the attack happened on Friday, and that the peacekeepers involved were members of the Ugandan contingent, but no other details have been provided. It is unclear whether the attack was targeted at the peacekeepers or not. However, it highlights the need for the country's security to be fortified and amped up, especially during this election season. The AU troops, together with the Somali military, has been battling the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab in the country, and progress has been slow but steady. However, the pandemic has made this task even harder, as the country's resources are stretched thin trying to manage the COVID-19 crisis. The bombing that occurred today is a harsh reminder that the peacekeeping forces are not safe, whether on patrol or while travelling in the country. It is hoped that the perpetrators of this heinous act will be brought to justice. The AU has reiterated its commitment to ensuring stability and security in Somalia and the entire region, and they will not be deterred by road bombs, terrorist attacks, or any other challenges they face. The road to stabilizing Somalia is long and fraught with challenges, but the AU remains committed to achieving its mandate, and the recent attack will not weaken their resolve.