article: (CNN) -- Double Olympic gold medalist Haile Gebrselassie is swapping the track for the polls after announcing his intention to run for election to the Ethiopian parliament in 2015. Gebrselassie is one of the most celebrated track and field athletes of all time, dominating the 10,000 meter event by winning four consecutive World Championships titles over the distance between 1993 and 1999. Now he hopes to use his iconic status in his homeland to kick start his political career, a move he has long been expected to make. "A lot of messages in the news about me going into politics," the 40-year-old, who clinched gold in 1996 and 2000, said on Twitter. "Yes, I want to be in the parliament in 2015 to help my country to move forward." If Gebrselassie does successfully make the transition into politics, he will be following in the footsteps of some other sport stars. Gebrselassie's fellow two-time gold medal winner Sebastian Coe served as a Member of Parliament in his native Britain between 1992 and 1997. Former middle distance runner Coe also served as chairman of the organizing committee's for last year's London 2012 Olympic Games. Manny Pacquiao, boxing's first and only eight-division world champion, has become a political heavyweight in the Philippines. The 34-year-old, known as the "Pac Man", was elected into the House of Representatives for the Sarangani province in May 2010. A host of famous football names have also forged successful political careers for themselves. Romario was a lethal striker who starred as Brazil won the World Cup in 1994. He is now an elected member of the Chamber of Deputies on the Brazilian Socialist Party ticket and has recently expressed concerns regarding the South American country's hosting of the 2014 World Cup. Romario has raised the issue of whether the money spent hosting football's biggest competition would be better spent on education. Like Romario, George Weah was once voted FIFA World Player of the Year. The Liberian striker, who received the accolade in 1995, ran unsuccessfully for the presidency of his country in 2005 despite gaining over 40% of the vote.
highlights: Haile Gebrselassie announces intention to run for political office . The Ethiopian is a double Olympic 10,000m gold medalist . Gebrselassie has set 27 world records during his illustrious career . Manny Pacquiao and Romario are other sportsmen who have entered politics .
id: 740bc51510facf2f0a582cbc6474da38d1c809bb
chatgpt: Haile Gebrselassie, the legendary Ethiopian long-distance runner and double Olympic 10,000m gold medalist, has announced his intention to enter into politics. Gebrselassie is widely considered to be one of the greatest long-distance runners of all time, having set 27 world records during his illustrious career. Gebrselassie's decision to enter politics follows a trend among sportsmen who have transitioned into public service. Former boxing champion Manny Pacquiao and retired Brazilian soccer star Romario are a few notable examples. In a statement to the media, Gebrselassie said that he believed he could make a significant contribution to his country through politics. He cited his previous work with charities and non-governmental organizations as evidence of his ability to create change. Gebrselassie's announcement has been met with mixed reactions in Ethiopia. Some have praised his decision, hailing him as a role model for young people in the country. Others have expressed skepticism, arguing that athletes should stay out of politics. However, Gebrselassie's popularity in Ethiopia is almost unrivaled. He is considered a national hero, and his running achievements have put the country on the world stage. His decision to enter politics is seen by many as a natural extension of his public service. Gebrselassie has not yet announced which political party he will be joining, or which office he will be running for. However, he has said that he will be focusing on issues such as youth empowerment, education, and economic development. Gebrselassie is not the first Ethiopian athlete to enter politics. Abebe Bikila, the first African to win a gold medal at the Olympics, served as a national sports officer and used his fame to promote sports in the country. However, Gebrselassie's decision is significant due to his global profile and the impact he has had on Ethiopia's image. As Gebrselassie prepares to transition into this new phase of his career, Ethiopians are eagerly waiting to see what he will achieve in his political endeavors. His legacy as an athlete has already secured his place in history, and many are now hoping that his foray into politics will bring much-needed change to his country.