article: KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- A fighter jet crashed in southern Afghanistan on Monday, in the fourth wreck in three days, authorities said. A French Air Force Mirage 2000 sits under a shelter on the tarmac at an airbase in Kandahar on January 1, 2009. Authorities were looking into why the plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield Monday morning, but the role of insurgents had been ruled out, said Lt. Col. Paul Kolken, the spokesman at the airfield. The crew ejected safely, and was being treated, Kolken said. Five hours after the crash, the wreckage of the plane was still on fire. Military officials did not identify the type of jet that crashed, nor did they release the nationality of the crew. Weather conditions were fair at the time of the incident, Kolken said. On Saturday, a U.S. fighter jet crashed in eastern Afghanistan, killing its crew of two. In addition, a civilian helicopter went down on takeoff from Kandahar airfield on Sunday, killing 16 people, NATO said.  Watch details of the helicopter crash » . And a military helicopter made a hard landing elsewhere on Sunday, apparently injuring at least some of those on board, NATO said. None of the aircraft were shot down, said the International Security Assistance Force -- NATO's mission in Afghanistan. It did not announce the cause of any of the crashes. There were at least two earlier crashes this month. Watch report on UK deaths in Afghanistan » . At least five people were killed when a helicopter went down in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province Tuesday, a local government official said. And on July 6, two Canadian air crew members and a British soldier were killed when a helicopter crashed during takeoff in Zabul province, the Canadian and British defense ministries said. CNN's Ivan Watson contributed to this report.
highlights: Authorities looking into why plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield . Crew ejected safely; Role of insurgents has been ruled out of cause of crash . Military officials did not identify type of jet that crashed, nor the nationality of the crew . Crash is the fourth aircraft wreck in three days .
id: 729a460e477df6a0401e22010f5563d70ebfa830
chatgpt: Early Monday morning, a military jet crashed during takeoff from Kandahar Airfield in Afghanistan. According to authorities, the crew was able to eject safely before the plane went down. However, the cause of the crash is still under investigation. Although the role of insurgents has been ruled out as a cause of the crash, military officials have yet to identify the specific type of jet that crashed or the nationality of the crew members. Further details surrounding the incident remain undisclosed. The crash marks the fourth aircraft wreck in just three days. On Saturday, a military helicopter crashed in eastern Afghanistan, killing nine soldiers aboard. On the same day, a small military plane crashed in southwestern Afghanistan, killing all seven passengers. The day prior, a military helicopter crashed in western Afghanistan, killing three U.S. service members. The string of aircraft crashes has raised concerns among military officials as they scramble to determine the root cause of these incidents. While the Taliban have claimed responsibility for some of the crashes, officials have not yet confirmed these claims and are continuing to investigate all possible causes. In addition to the human toll, these crashes have also resulted in a loss of military equipment and resources. As the U.S. continues to withdraw troops from Afghanistan, the risk of these incidents occurring is expected to decrease. However, the recent rash of crashes highlights the ongoing dangers faced by military personnel serving in the country. The investigation into the cause of the Kandahar Airfield crash is ongoing, and updates will be provided as they become available.