article: A gay married couple from Florida have sued the motor vehicle agency for not allowing them to change the last names on their driver's licenses - the latest challenge to the state's ban on same-sex unions. Daniel DeSousa, 40, and Scott Wall, 37, married in New York on December 6 2013 and legally changed their last name to Wall-DeSousa through the federal Social Security Administration. Daniel managed to update his driver's license in Brevard County by showing his marriage certificate from New York, but when Scott tried there, he was told that the document wasn't legal in Florida. Scroll down for video . Happy couple: Scott Wall, 37, (left) and Daniel DeSousa, 40, (right) married in New York on December 6 2013 . Scott later succeeded in changing his license in Orange County. The couple said when they went public with their new drivers' licenses in an interview with an Orlando television station, they received a letter from the DMV, stating their licenses had been cancelled. The lawsuit filed last week in Orlando federal court demands that the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles grant them licenses with their new names. The couple from Palm Bay said the state agency is violating their rights to due process, equal protection and free speech. Married men: They legally changed their last name to Wall-DeSousa through the federal Social Security Administration . Different appraoch: Daniel changed his driver's license in Brevard County by showing his marriage certificate from New York, but when Scott tried there, he was told that the document wasn't legal in Florida . The agency is 'trying to suppress the expression that the plaintiffs, as a same-sex couple, are a family,' the lawsuit said. An agency spokeswoman, Capt. Nancy Rasmussen, didn't immediately return a phone call or email Monday. Earlier this year, a federal judge ruled the Florida gay marriage ban was unconstitutional. But he stayed his decision while the state appealed it to the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Judges in four South Florida counties - Monroe, Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach - have ruled that the state's 2008 voter-approved constitutional amendment banning gay marriage violates gay residents' right to equal protection under the law as guaranteed by the 14th Amendment.
highlights: Daniel DeSousa, 40, and Scott Wall, 37, married in New York last December . They legally changed their last name to Wall-DeSousa through the federal Social Security Administration . They later managed to get their driver's licenses changed by going back and forth to different motor vehicle agency offices . However, the couple said when they went public with the news they had the licenses  cancelled by the DMV . The lawsuit filed last week demands that the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles grant them licenses with their new names .
id: 9681dec728aafd38f2472bcef1e7f12642be4d93
chatgpt: Daniel DeSousa, 40, and Scott Wall, 37, were overjoyed when they got married in New York last December. As a symbol of their love and commitment, they decided to legally change their last name to Wall-DeSousa through the federal Social Security Administration. The newlyweds were thrilled with their new last name and wanted to update all their legal documents accordingly. They started with their driver's licenses, but this simple task turned out to be much harder than they expected. Despite their legal name change, the couple faced significant hurdles from the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) in New York. They had to go back and forth to different motor vehicle agency offices to finally manage to get their driver's licenses changed. But their happiness was short-lived. When they went public with the news of their licenses, the DMV cancelled them without warning or explanation. The couple was devastated and confused. Last week, the couple filed a lawsuit against the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, demanding that they grant them licenses with their new names. The lawsuit claims that the DMV's actions were discriminatory and violated their constitutional rights. The couple has expressed how frustrated and disappointed they are with the DMV's actions. They say that they've faced significant challenges since their name change, including problems with travel and banking, and this ruling has only added to their difficulties. In a statement to the media, their attorney noted, "Our clients have the right to live their lives with dignity and respect. We believe that the DMV's actions were discriminatory, unfair, and in violation of their constitutional rights." The lawsuit has received support from several advocacy groups, including the National Center for Lesbian Rights and the American Civil Liberties Union. Many have called the DMV's actions unacceptable and a violation of the couple's rights. As of yet, the DMV has not commented on the lawsuit, but the couple remains hopeful that they will finally be able to obtain driver's licenses with their new last name, allowing them to continue their lives with dignity and respect.