article: International titles and adoration can go to a person's head but a Spanish soldier who was voted one of the hottest men in the world is determined to keep his boots on the ground. Despite winning the Mr Universe title recently, Ruben Lopez has vowed to continue learning and stick with his career in the army instead of seeking bigger or better things. Mr Lopez, who was born in Navas de San Juan, defeated 40 participants from all over the world to be crowned Mr Universe last September in Lima, Peru. Uniform: Ruben Lopez, who is the newly crowned Mr Universe, buttons up his shirt during the brief video . The 22 year-old joined the Spanish Army in 2011 and he was subsequently posted in the Armoured Brigade Guadarrama XII at the El Goloso military base in Madrid. Mr Lopez, was assigned to the RBA Section (telecommunications) from the Signals Company. Despite having being named the most handsome man in the world, Mr López has no intention of giving up his army profession. He has been studying for his degree in physical education and working as a model. In 2013, the military man won the Beauty of Spain contest. Duties: Mr Lopez speaks on the telephone during his daily shift in the Armoured Brigade Guadarrama XII unit . Weights: Mr Lopez does some bench pressing at the El Goloso military base in Madrid . In a brief video that provides a glimpse into his day job, Mr Lopez said he is just another person to those who know him. The soldier said: 'I am still the same and I will be. Here in my work I am still just one more soldier. I still need to make efforts day by day and keep learning and improving.' The new Mr Universe, who has worked in the fashion industry since he was 14 years old, is treated as 'just another soldier' even though he is very handsome, according to female soldier Lorena Pozas Martin. Artillery: Mr Lopez stops to allow a tank to pass him in the military barracks . Exercise: Mr Lopez does some push-ups (left) while he does some jogging (right) during his army training . She said: 'He is one more among us but we have that feeling of "Wow, we are working with Mr Universe!" But, I don’t know, he is just one of us.' During the video Mr Lopez can be seen doing push-ups, running with colleagues, lifting weights, and putting on his boots, shirt and beret. The soldier can also be seen drinking coffee with colleagues, putting stairs on a military vehicle, working with an antenna and watching a leopard tank passing by.
highlights: Ruben Lopez won the Mr Universe title in Lima, Peru last month . The soldier and model defeated 40 participants from all over the world . The 22-year-old is based at the El Goloso military base in Madrid . Female colleague says Mr Universe 'is just one of us'
id: 98de88db224e9a238dbe25dc5685fe29539477ec
chatgpt: Madrid, Spain - Twenty-two-year-old Ruben Lopez, a soldier and model based at the El Goloso military base in Madrid, has won the Mr Universe title in Lima, Peru. Lopez defeated 40 participants from all over the world, emerging victorious and cementing his place in the annals of history. The Mr Universe competition took place last month, and Lopez emerged as a clear favourite from the very beginning. His chiselled physique, combined with his charisma and poise, endeared him to the judges and fans alike. He dazzled onlookers with his performance in the various rounds, including the swimsuit and interview rounds. It was hardly surprising when he was crowned as the winner. Lopez was ecstatic at his victory, describing it as 'an incredible feeling'. He thanked his family, fans and supporters, and his colleagues at the military base for their unwavering support during the competition. He dedicated his win to them, saying that it was their encouragement that had driven him to give his best. "I'm just so happy to have been able to represent Spain in this competition," he said. "It's a dream come true for me, and I'm thrilled to have been able to bring the Mr Universe crown to my country." Lopez's female colleague, Ines Rodriguez, said that his victory had not come as a surprise to her or any of their fellow soldiers. "Ruben is an incredible soldier, and he's also an amazing person," she said. "He's very humble, approachable and caring, and he never lets his good looks get to his head. To us, he's just one of us. We're all extremely proud of him, and we're grateful to have him on our team." Lopez has been modelling for around two years, and it was his modelling career that led him to sign up for the Mr Universe competition. He has always been passionate about fitness, and he used the competition as an opportunity to showcase his skills and dedication. He has expressed hope that his victory will inspire others to take care of their physical and mental health, and to pursue their dreams with determination and perseverance. "It's never easy to make it in any field, whether it's modelling or the military or anything else," he said. "But if you believe in yourself and work hard, anything is possible. That's the message I want to send out to aspiring models, soldiers, and anyone who wants to achieve something in life." Lopez's victory has not only put Spain on the map in the world of bodybuilding but has also been a source of inspiration to many. It is a reminder that with hard work, dedication and unwavering spirit, one can achieve success in any field.