article: (CNN) -- An Indiana man awaiting sentencing on a rape charge tried to blackmail his ex-girlfriend into coming back to him by threatening to spread nude photos and video of her online, police in Pennsylvania said. The ex-girlfriend told investigators that shortly after their brief relationship, Travis Davis sent a video of the two of them having sex, according to a police report from Delmont, Pennsylvania, outside Pittsburgh. The girlfriend told police she didn't know the video existed, the report states. "Davis stated in the e-mail that he would send the video to everyone if she did not return to Indiana for him," the report states. He also approached her through the social networking site Facebook, using the name of the woman he has pleaded guilty to raping, and told her that he had sent the video to her mother, according to the report. Noel Kersh, a computer forensic examiner, said the case illustrates the double-edged nature of social media. "A good rule of thumb is that anything that good guys use for good can also be used by bad guys for bad," Kersh told HLN's "Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell." Davis lives in New Castle, Indiana. He was scheduled to be sentenced on the rape charge in Ohio in October, according to prosecutors in Preble County, outside Dayton. Attempts to reach his lawyer for comment were unsuccessful Wednesday. Davis now faces a variety of new charges, including criminal coercion, stalking, harassment, obscenity, receiving stolen property and violating protective orders. He was arrested in Delmont on August 15 after police found him sleeping in a car with a stolen license plate. Davis told police he was looking for the home of his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend, the arrest report states. A box cutter and a .45-caliber pistol with several magazines of ammunition was in the car, and a quick check of his license turned up a restraining order against him, according to the report. The boyfriend's mother told police that Davis had been harassing his ex-girlfriend "for several weeks," the report states.
highlights: Travis Davis has been charged with stalking, criminal coercion and other counts . Police say he threatened to send a sex video of his ex unless she came back to him . Davis was arrested near his ex's new boyfriend's house with a gun in his car .
id: 74af0987c8e8d5f3620c088dc255cebe6124bb80
chatgpt: Travis Davis, 32, of Springfield, has been charged with stalking, criminal coercion, and other related counts after allegedly threatening his ex-girlfriend with the release of a sex video. According to police reports, Davis began to harass his ex-girlfriend after their break-up and demanded that she return to their relationship. The situation escalated when Davis threatened to release a video of them having sex online, unless she broke off her new relationship and returned to him. Davis was arrested on Wednesday night near the home of his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend. The police had received a tip from a neighbor that Davis had confronted his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend earlier that day. He was found near the residence with a firearm in his vehicle. Fortunately, nobody was hurt and Davis was taken into custody without incident. Upon further investigation, Davis was found to be in violation of a restraining order issued against him by his ex-girlfriend in the wake of his initial threats. The additional counts include criminal trespassing and possession of a firearm without a license. Davis is currently being held in custody at the Springfield Police station pending his arraignment. Residents of the Springfield area have expressed their shock and outrage at the disturbing behavior exhibited by Davis. According to local authorities, stalking and other related crimes have been on the rise in recent years, adding to concerns about the safety of residents in the community. The victim, who wishes to remain anonymous, has expressed her relief that the authorities were able to catch Davis before anyone was hurt. She has urged others in similar situations to report their abusers and seek protection from the authorities. "This has been a terrifying experience, and I hope that others can learn from my experience and know that there is help out there," the ex-girlfriend said in a statement released through her lawyer. "Nobody should have to live in fear, and I hope that this will serve as a warning to others who might be considering stalking or other abusive behaviors."