article: A mother-of-three and fitness instructor could be on track to become the first black female member of Congress. Mia Love, who is also a Mormon and mayor of a small town in Utah, has stunned political analysts by winning her primary election. If she wins her congressional election, the 36-year-old will make political history as the first black Republican woman to serve in Congress. 'Unprecedented': Political analysts have described Mia Love's achievements as 'astonishing' Love's victory in the primaries has stunned many in Utah, not least because it is a state in which only three women have been elected into Congress and has an African American population of less than 1 per cent, latest census figures show. She is taking on six-term congressman Jim Matheson, who currently holds the distinction of being a Democrat representing one of the most Republican districts in the country. Their political battle has become one of the most closely-watched congressional contests in the U.S. According to The Root, Tim Chambless, an associate professor of political science at the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute of Politics, described Love's feat as 'astonishing' and 'unprecedented'. One High School teacher who met Love said that she was impressed with her stance on 'dismantling entitlements', the Daily Herald reported. Roots: Love was born in Brooklyn and raised in Connecticut before settling in the state of Utah (pictured) 14 years ago . Elaine Grant said she was switching political allegiance from Matheson to Love after meeting the candidate. She told the Daily Herald: 'There's . this perception that there aren't any African Americans in Utah and a . mis-perception that there are no African American Mormons. 'She dispels some of that. That's a good thing.' Love was born in Brooklyn and raised in Connecticut before settling in Utah 14 years ago. She met her future husband, Jason Love, in college while he was on a Mormon mission in Connecticut. When she moved to the state she left the Catholic Church and joined the Church of the Latter-Day Saints.
highlights: Mormon and small-time mayor could make history as the first black Republican woman in Congress .
id: ca20131b7057e52e229741af0c391dd486f43b65
chatgpt: A small-time mayor and a Mormon, Burgess Owens, could make history as the first black Republican woman in Congress. Owens is vying for Utah's fourth congressional district, which has long been considered a Republican stronghold since 2008 when Mia Love, the first black Republican woman, won the seat. 27% of Utah's residents identify as Mormons, and Owens' faith is likely to give him a significant advantage in the coming November elections. The former NFL player previously ran for Congress in 2012 as an independent but lost. If he wins, the Utah fourth district would elect the first black Republican woman to Congress. Owens faces stiff competition from Democrat Ben McAdams, the incumbent who won by a mere 694 votes in 2018. Utah is among the whitest states in the nation, but Owens believes in the potential of the state's diversity. He hopes to bridge the gap between the state's minority communities and their needs. Owens has been actively campaigning for Utah's fourth congressional district since March 2019. He has been vocal on issues related to education, healthcare and small businesses. Owens has emphasized the need for better infrastructure, including roads and broadband communications, in Utah's rural areas. Owens has earned endorsements from several high-profile Republicans, including Republican Senator Mike Lee and President Donald Trump. President Trump's endorsement carries particular significance in Utah, where he remains highly popular amongst the Republican base. Owens has faced criticism in the past for his conservative viewpoints, especially regarding his opposition to the Black Lives Matter movement. Yet, he remains confident and optimistic about his chances in the upcoming elections. In conclusion, if Burgess Owens wins the upcoming elections, he will not only become Utah's first black Republican congressman, but he will also make history by having the first black Republican female in Congress. Owens' faith, coupled with his experience as a small-town mayor, and his past as an NFL player, could give him the needed edge.