article: By . Joel Christie . Student organizations at Duke University have started a movement against words they believe you just shouldn't say. The 'You Don't Say' campaign determines common slang phrases such as 'Man Up', 'That's So Gay' and 'Dont Be a Pussy' as offensive language that dehumanizes and marginalizes people and groups at the North Carolina college, specifically the LGBT community. But critics aren't convinced, saying that word discouragement is an attack on free speech and public policy. 'Language is a reflection of how we think about others and view the world,' Jay Sullivan, a student leader of the campaign, told The College Fix. Think before you speak: The 'You Don't Say' campaign at Duke University confronts everyday expressions that center around gender and sexual orientation and has gained national publicity, especially from critics . 'My goal is to help facilitate discussion about how language affects many social issues, from race to gender and sexuality.' The campaign is made up of a series of black and white posters, most of which appear only online, featuring students pledging why they will not say the street talk they have deemed offensive. Among the banned words are 'homo', 'bitch', 'tranny' and 'fag', mostly because all are oppressive terms. The campaign is a collaborative effort between a newly formed group at Duke University called Think Before You Talk and Blue Devils United, a Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer student advocacy group. The campaign has gained national publicity and plenty of supporters, but the detractors are equally as fervent. A new word-discouragement campaign at Duke University has labeled phrases such as 'Man Up', 'That¿s So Gay', and 'Don¿t Be a Pussy' as offensive language that marginalizes homosexuality . 'I can’t say anything about an individual person, because it might be construed as offensive to a larger group … even if I had no intention of offending a larger group,' one Facebook critic posted. Others said it was unrealistic to try and put a stop on language that is so everyday. 'As a thinking individual, I don’t and didn’t need some children from Duke University admonishing me for ''thinking any gender is inferior'',’ another Facebook user said. 'Do you see what they did there? ‘'Any gender''. Not ‘'either gender''. It’s all about redefining terms, redefining life.' Grove City College professor Dr. Mark Hendrickson said while there is a need for consideration when choosing one's language, the 'You Don't Say' campaign has a narrow focus. 'With anybody advocating the banning of a certain word or phrase… would they be willing to publicly say, ‘'I promise in return to never hinder a speech by a political figure with whose political philosophy I disagree?” Hendrickson told The College Fix. The project was developed by Think Before You Talk and Blue Devils United, two student organizations at Duke University .
highlights: New Duke University campaign called 'You Don't Say' targeting offensive phrases on campus . Fronted by two student organizations trying to crack down on slang that dehumanizes and marginalizes people and groups . Detractors say it is an attack on free speech . Others call it a 'narrow' movement concerned only with the LGBT community .
id: d99957666838d56f3d2db6adbce786adf01885c5
chatgpt: Duke University has launched a new anti-offensive campaign called 'You Don't Say' aimed at cracking down on derogatory phrases and labels on campus. The campaign, fronted by two student organizations, is focused on removing slang that dehumanizes and marginalizes individuals or groups. According to the organizers, the campaign was sparked by a growing concern over the use of certain offensive phrases on campus, particularly those targeting the LGBTQ+ community. As the campaign gains momentum, it has drawn both praise and criticism from members of the Duke community. Supporters of the campaign believe that it is a crucial step towards creating a more inclusive and welcoming environment on campus. They argue that certain phrases or labels can cause harm and perpetuate negative attitudes towards marginalized individuals or groups. By raising awareness about these issues and encouraging people to think before they speak, they hope to create a safer and more respectful campus community. However, detractors of the campaign argue that it is an attack on free speech. They believe that people should be free to express their opinions and use whatever language they choose, even if that language is offensive to some. They claim that the campaign is an attempt to police language and create a culture of censorship on campus. Others criticize the campaign for being too narrow in its focus, only concerned with marginalized groups such as the LGBTQ+ community. They argue that offensive language and labels affect many more groups than just the LGBTQ+ community, and that the campaign should take a more comprehensive approach. Despite the criticisms, the 'You Don't Say' campaign continues to gain momentum on campus. The organizers have created posters and banners displaying offensive phrases and their harmful connotations, as well as hosting events and workshops aimed at educating and raising awareness. The campaign has also sparked discussions among students, faculty, and staff about the use of language on campus and its impact on others. Some are using the campaign as an opportunity to learn and re-evaluate their use of certain words and phrases, while others continue to defend their right to free speech. Overall, the 'You Don't Say' campaign represents a growing concern among members of the Duke community about the use of offensive language on campus. While some may criticize it as an attack on free speech or a narrow movement, others view it as a necessary step towards creating a more inclusive and respectful campus community. Regardless of one's stance on the issue, it is clear that the campaign has sparked important conversations about the impact of language on others and the importance of being mindful of what we say.