article: (CNN) -- Singer and actress Eartha Kitt has died, her publicist, Patty Freedman, told CNN on Thursday. Actress Eartha Kitt, shown at a benefit for the Actors Fund in 2003, performed almost until the end of her life. Kitt, 81, died in New York, where she was being treated for colon cancer, Freedman said. Her daughter, Kitt Shapiro, was by her side. She was performing almost until the end, taping a PBS special six weeks ago in Chicago, Illinois. The show is set to air in February. The ringtone version of her recording of the saucy Christmas song "Santa Baby" was certified gold earlier this month. Kitt was well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal of Catwoman in the television series "Batman." That role produced Kitt's recognizable sultry cat growl. She worked in film, theater, cabaret, music and on television during her lengthy career. According to Kitt's official Web site, she was nominated for a Tony three times, a Grammy and Emmy twice. According to the biography on that site, Kitt lived in Connecticut near her daughter and four grandchildren. Kitt was ostracized at an early age because of her mixed-race heritage, the biography says. At age 8, she was sent from the cotton fields of South Carolina by her mother to live with her aunt in New York City's Harlem neighborhood, the site said. As a teen, she auditioned for the famed Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe, was hired as a featured dancer and vocalist, and toured worldwide with the company. This launched Kitt into a life of roles in the entertainment field. According to the book "Contemporary Black Biography," she was adored in Europe in the 1950s as a cabaret singer. In the United States, her dance career led to a critically acclaimed stint on Broadway, including the play "New Faces of 1952," which was later made into a movie. Broadway stardom landed Kitt a recording deal that led to a string of best-selling records, including "Love for Sale," "I Want to Be Evil," "Santa Baby" and "Folk Tales of the Tribes of Africa." She recorded more than 20 albums, worked in hundreds of television and movie roles, and was invited as a guest to the White House several times. CNN's David Daniel contributed to this report.
highlights: Kitt died in New York, where she was being treated for colon cancer . Her daughter, Kitt Shapiro, was by her side . Her recording of saucy Christmas song "Santa Baby" was certified gold last week . Kitt made a name for herself in as Catwoman in "Batman" TV series .
id: 4ea509ddbfe4a3e0adcf72bd6d41c6141098f2b5
chatgpt: The entertainment industry has lost another icon as Eartha Kitt, the renowned actress, singer, and dancer, passed away at the age of 81. Kitt died in New York, where she had been undergoing treatment for colon cancer. Kitt Shapiro, her daughter, was at her side during this difficult time. Kitt's career spanned several decades, and she was a force to be reckoned with in the entertainment world. Her hauntingly beautiful voice, along with her mesmerizing stage presence, made her a favorite among fans and critics alike. Her music was soulful, and her performances were always unforgettable. Last week, Kitt received a posthumous honor as her famous rendition of "Santa Baby" was certified gold. The saucy Christmas song became a classic and a seasonal favorite. This accolade is just one more testament to the incredible legacy that Kitt leaves behind. In addition to her music, Kitt was also an accomplished actress. Her role as Catwoman in the 1960s television series "Batman" remains one of her most iconic performances. Her sultry and seductive portrayal of the feline villain made her a fan favorite. Kitt's talent was not confined to just the stage and screen. She was also a dedicated activist, tirelessly fighting for civil rights and social justice. Her advocacy work earned her recognition as a legend in both the entertainment and political arenas. Fans and celebrities alike took to social media to express their condolences and praise for Kitt's contributions to the industry. Singer Barbra Streisand tweeted, "Eartha Kitt was a force to be reckoned with. Her talent and spirit will be missed." Actress and fellow Catwoman, Julie Newmar, wrote, "Earth Kitt was my beloved friend. I will miss her always." The world has lost a true trailblazer with the passing of Eartha Kitt. Her legacy will continue to inspire generations of performers and activists for years to come. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Kitt's family and loved ones during this difficult time.