article: (CNN) -- "The View" returned to TV on Monday with a new set, two new faces and a pair of returning hosts who've spent their time away focusing on their health. During the season premiere, the revamped "View" cast, which now includes Rosie Perez and Nicolle Wallace, introduced themselves and caught the audience up on their lives. Rosie Perez, Nicolle Wallace and a brand-new 'View' For Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell, some of their big news included new physiques. Goldberg has shed 35 pounds, and O'Donnell, who previously co-hosted "The View" in 2006 and 2007, has lost more than 50 pounds. "I'm good, I'm happy since you saw me last," O'Donnell told "The View" audience Monday. "I got married, I have a new baby. ... I lost 50-something pounds with surgery because I had a heart attack two years ago. I had the vertical gastric sleeve -- if you're morbidly obese, it can save your life." When it was Goldberg's turn, she admitted that she, too, has "lost a little weight." "I ended up weighing 217 pounds, which was way too much of me for anyone," Goldberg quipped. Former "View" star Sherri Shepherd, who left the program in August, inspired Goldberg, 58, to get in better shape. "I happened to notice that I had begun to look like a linebacker," Goldberg told ABC News backstage. "I happened to look over and there was Sherri (Shepherd), skinny, and I said, 'What did you do?' She said, 'I've been doing Rocco DiSpirito's one pound a day diet.' I said, 'Please, I want to do it too.' " O'Donnell, who first shared her weight-loss success in April, told ABC News that the change hasn't been easy. "The fact that I look so different has been difficult and unexpected," the 52-year-old said. "Everyone assumes that obese people would just be jumping for joy that they were healthier and thinner and able to fit into store-bought sizes, we don't have to go to the plus store. But it's also filled with a lot of emotional turbulence, you wouldn't expect." See more about funny people at CNN Comedy.
highlights: Two of "The View's" co-hosts share their weight-loss stories . Rosie O'Donnell has lost more than 50 pounds through surgery . Whoopi Goldberg has lost 35 pounds . "The View" premiered its new season Monday .
id: 5e5b9dde2fea8bdb310887fe43c63d197ad146c3
chatgpt: The co-hosts of "The View" took a moment to talk about their weight-loss journeys on Monday's season premiere of the popular daytime talk show. Rosie O'Donnell shared that she has lost over 50 pounds thanks to surgery, while co-host Whoopi Goldberg spoke about her own weight loss of 35 pounds. O'Donnell, who has struggled with her weight for years, underwent a gastric sleeve surgery last year. This procedure involves the removal of a portion of the stomach, making it smaller and reducing the amount of food a person can eat. Since the surgery, O'Donnell has reportedly lost more than 50 pounds and said she feels like she has "been given a second chance." Goldberg, on the other hand, has been focusing on making healthier choices and getting more exercise to aid her weight loss. She shared on "The View" that she has lost 35 pounds simply by being mindful about what she eats and by walking more. Both co-hosts were candid about their struggles with weight and stressed the importance of taking care of one's health. O'Donnell said, "I wanted to have another chance. I wanted to be able to do things physically that I couldn't do for the last three or four years. I'm grateful for it." Goldberg emphasized that it's never too late to make positive changes for one's health. "You got to take the chance because you never know what's going to happen," she said. "It's all about you wanting to be better -- not better than the next person -- but better than you used to be." Their weight-loss stories are not only inspiring but encourage their viewers to prioritize their health and well-being. As the hosts of a show with a significant influence on its audience, they are making a difference in the lives of many people. With "The View's" new season now underway, the co-hosts will undoubtedly continue to discuss issues that resonate with their viewers. However, their willingness to share their personal struggles, including their weight-loss journeys, helps create a safe space for viewers to do the same.