article: Madonna yesterday stumbled into fresh controversy by comparing today's France to Nazi Germany. Speaking out against anti-Semitism and racism in France, the singer described the situation as 'scary', claiming that the country had lost its tradition of welcoming foreigners and making them feel at home. During an interview, Madonna claimed that anti-Semitism was at a record level in France – where at least 90,000 Jews were rounded up and sent to the death camps during the Second World War. Scroll down for audio . Speaking out: Madonna told a French radio station that intolerance against Jews in Europe had reached 'an all-time high' She told a Paris radio station: 'We're living in crazy times. It feels like Nazi Germany. 'France was once a country that accepted people of colour, a place artists escaped to, whether it was [entertainer] Josephine Baker or [saxophonist] Charlie Parker. 'It was a country that embraced everyone and encouraged freedom in every way, shape or form of artistic expression of freedom. Now that's completely gone.' Fresh from the incident in which she fell on stage at the Brit Awards in London this week, the 56-year-old renewed her attack on France's far-Right National Front party, calling it 'fascist'. On the rise: Madonna hit out at the 'fascist' National Front Party. Party leader Marine Le Pen threatened to sue her over a video featuring Le Pen with a Swastika on her head . Madonna has previously criticised the party, which won 25 per cent of the vote at local and European elections last year. Renewing her stance – albeit getting the name of its leader Marine Le Pen incorrect – she yesterday spoke of 'receiving a lot of criticism and threats from Marie (sic) Le Pen'. The star's past attempts at political comment have caused controversy in France. In a backing video on stage during her 2012 tour, she displayed an image of Miss Le Pen with a swastika superimposed on her forehead. Miss Le Pen threatened to sue and the Nazi symbol, which Madonna had also displayed on stage in Israel, was removed to avoid court action. Floored: She scrunched her face in anticipation on the rough landing, when she realised that she was not going keep her balance . Grounded: The pop superstar was dragged to the ground as she attempted to undo her cape . Yesterday Madonna, who until recently was in a relationship with French dancer Brahim Zaibat, said: 'What I said two years ago is valid today. It's not just in France, it's all over Europe. But particularly in France. The level of intolerance... is scary.' Speaking after her fall on stage on Wednesday night, she said: 'I had a little bit of whiplash, I smacked the back of my head.'
highlights: Singer says France is no longer a country that 'embraced everyone' The rising anti-Semitism and level of intolerance in Europe is 'scary' Its role as a site for artists and freedom of expression is disappearing . She called the National Front 'fascist' and criticised its rapid rise .
id: 5dd3bc5bb8f993c1071333e0fa88d93385202457
chatgpt: Renowned French singer, Charlotte Gainsbourg, has expressed her concerns about the increasing level of anti-Semitism and intolerance in Europe. Gainsbourg, who is known for her illustrious music and acting career, claimed that Europe, especially France, is no longer a country that "embraces everyone."  In an interview with Le Parisien, Gainsbourg stated that the "rising anti-Semitism and level of intolerance in Europe is scary." She further added that it is regrettable that France is no longer the "country of artists and freedom of expression" that it once claimed to be.  The four-time Cesar award winner criticised the rapid rise of the French far-right political party, the National Front, which has faced persistent accusations of xenophobia and Islamophobia in recent years. Gainsbourg labelled them as "fascist" and criticised their policies which she claimed were contributing to the erosion of France's character as a champion of liberty and multiculturalism.  The National Front has seen a significant rise in popularity and support over the past few years. The party's ultra-nationalist and anti-immigrant policies have resonated with many voters who feel that France's identity is being threatened by immigrant populations. However, critics argue that the party's policies are contributing to racial and religious tensions in the country.  Gainsbourg's comments were met with mixed reactions from politicians and the public. While some praised her for taking a stand against intolerance and extremism, others criticised her for being overly political and alienating her fans.  This is not the first time that Gainsbourg has made headlines for her political views. In 2015, she participated in a public rally against the National Front, along with other well-known French intellectuals and artists. She also publicly voiced her support for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attack.  Gainsbourg's comments have reignited a national conversation about the role of artists and public figures in politics. Many believe that celebrities have a responsibility to use their platform to speak out against social and political issues that affect their fans and society as a whole. Others argue that artists should remain apolitical and focus on their craft.  Regardless of the debate, Gainsbourg's message is clear – France needs to take a closer look at itself and address the intolerance and anti-Semitism that is creeping into its society. While it may no longer be the bastion of artistic and cultural freedom that it once was, Gainsbourg believes that it is still possible for France to reclaim its identity as an inclusive and welcoming nation.