article: (CNN) -- The death toll from a shooting at a Nevada IHOP restaurant has risen to four, officials said early Wednesday morning. A gunman carrying a variant of an AK-47 rifle opened fire on uniformed Nevada National Guard members as they were having breakfast at the Carson City restaurant Tuesday morning. In all, 11 people were shot. Of them, one civilian was killed as were two National Guard members. Another National Guard member, who was taken to a hospital and underwent surgery, later died -- bringing the toll to four, said Carson City Sheriff Ken Furlong. The attacker also died of a self-inflicted wound after the shooting. The suspected gunman was identified as Eduardo Sencion, 32, who lived in Carson City and worked at a family business in South Lake Tahoe, California, authorities said. Authorities said they had not determined a clear motive. "To say that he was targeting before he came into the restaurant those military persons, we have not been able to establish," Furlong said. "Clearly, the fact that five of the 11 were military draws a concern by us." Sencion had no previous criminal record on file but his family indicated he may have had mental health issues, Furlong told reporters. The shooting began shortly before 9 a.m. When authorities arrived, those who called in the incident identified the shooting suspect as a man lying wounded in the parking lot between two vehicles. The suspect had continued firing in the parking lot after leaving the restaurant, Furlong said. The AK-47 was recovered as well as an empty 30-round gun magazine and two other gun magazines. A pistol and assault rifle were found in or near a vehicle, the sheriff said. Steven Martin, a witness, told CNN Reno affiliate KRNV that he ran to see if he could help after he heard the shots. "There was blood everywhere; broken glass everywhere. It was just a war zone down there," he said. The shooting took place just a few miles from the Nevada National Guard state headquarters in Carson City.
highlights: In all, 11 people are shot . Of them, three National Guard members and a civilian are killed . Witness: "It was just a war zone down there" The suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, authorities say .
id: 22c08f16f5056c477a1e9356bf31bd82ec8fdd3f
chatgpt: A shooting in a shopping district of Jacksonville, Florida left 11 people injured and four dead on Sunday. Among the casualties were three National Guard members and a civilian. Witnesses described scenes of chaos and terror as the gunfire broke out. "It was just a war zone down there," said one witness, who identified himself only as Brian R. He explained that he was in a nearby building when he heard gunfire and saw people fleeing. The suspect, identified as 35-year-old David Katz of Baltimore, Maryland, was found dead at the scene from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, according to authorities. Katz had been competing in a gaming tournament at a local restaurant when he opened fire around 1:30 p.m. local time. The incident has reignited the debate on gun control in America, with many politicians and advocates calling for stricter laws to prevent mass shootings. Florida Governor Rick Scott released a statement expressing his condolences to the victims and their families and calling for "real action" to address gun violence. The shooting also raised questions about security at large public events like gaming tournaments. The restaurant where the tournament was held had reportedly hired off-duty police officers for security, but some critics argue that more needs to be done to prevent such tragedies. As news of the shooting spread, social media was flooded with messages of support and condolences for those affected by the tragedy. The hashtag #JacksonvilleStrong began trending on Twitter, with users offering words of encouragement and solidarity. The Jacksonville shooting is the latest in a string of mass shootings that have rocked the United States in recent years, including the Parkland school shooting in February and the Las Vegas shooting last October. Despite widespread public support for gun control measures, efforts to pass meaningful legislation have been stymied by fierce opposition from pro-gun advocates and the powerful National Rifle Association. As investigators continue to piece together what happened in Jacksonville on Sunday, the nation is left to grapple once again with the devastating toll of gun violence.