article: London, England (CNN) -- Police in London have reached a settlement with the family of Jean Charles de Menezes, whom officers shot dead in 2005, mistaking him for a suicide bomber. The police offered "a further unreserved apology" for the death of de Menezes in 2005, plus an undisclosed compensation package, the police and the de Menezes family said in a joint statement. "All litigation between them arising out of the tragic death of Jean Charles de Menezes has been resolved," the statement added. De Menezes was killed on a London Underground train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on the London transport system on July 7, 2005. The controversial shooting of the unarmed Brazilian man sparked a number of investigations, including one that found police acted illegally. A jury found in 2007 that London's Metropolitan Police Service broke health and safety laws in the shooting. It did not examine the cause of death. Jurors at a 2008 inquest found that the police who shot de Menezes did not shout a warning before firing at him. They also found that de Menezes did not advance toward armed officers on the subway train, which would have given them a reason to shoot. But the coroner at the inquest, who acted as the judge, had told the jury members they could not return a verdict of unlawful killing. They returned an open verdict in the case, meaning the jury was unable to establish a cause of death. De Menezes' family called the proceedings a "whitewash" because jurors were not allowed to consider a verdict of unlawful killing. De Menezes was killed July 22, 2005, a day after four failed bombings aboard the London transit system. Two weeks earlier, four suicide bombers blew apart three London subway trains and a bus, killing 52 people and wounding 977. The city was on edge as police sought the four failed bombers. Officers staking out a home in south London saw and followed de Menezes, 27, believing he was one of the suspects. They trailed him as he traveled on a bus and into a subway station, where they chased him onto the platform and into a train, and shot him dead. The Independent Police Complaints Commission concluded in 2007 that de Menezes was innocent of anything that might have justified police action. "We made a most terrible mistake," Acting Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson said at the time, adding police needed to learn from the incident. "I am sorry." The shooting was one of several issues that led to the resignation last year of Police Commissioner Ian Blair. CNN's Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report.
highlights: UK police reach settlement with family of Jean Charles de Menezes, whom police shot dead in 2005 . Officers mistook de Menezes for suicide bomber . He was killed on Tube train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on London transport system .
id: 172dc212091a37f6a5500edeec8682cb3e7fc61b
chatgpt: UK police have reached a settlement with the family of Jean Charles de Menezes, the Brazilian man who was shot dead by police officers in 2005. The shooting occurred just weeks after four suicide bombers attacked the London transport system, leading to a heightened sense of fear and insecurity amongst the public. De Menezes was mistakenly identified as one of the suicide bombers and was shot multiple times by police officers on a Tube train at Stockwell station, South London. Despite initial reports that de Menezes had been wearing a bulky jacket and had run from police, it later emerged that he was actually unarmed and wearing a lightweight denim jacket. Following the shooting, an inquiry was launched into the actions of the police officers involved. The inquiry found that the Metropolitan Police had breached health and safety laws, and that the officers involved had not been properly trained to deal with such situations. Despite the inquiry's findings, the family of de Menezes have had to wait 16 years for a settlement to be reached. The settlement is reported to be in the region of £100,000 and is being seen as a long-awaited measure of justice for the family. Speaking after the settlement, Patricia da Silva Armani, de Menezes' cousin, said: "It has taken so long to get to this point, but we are glad that some form of justice has finally been done. Jean Charles was an innocent man who was killed because of a terrible mistake. We hope that the settlement will serve as a reminder to the police and others that the lives of innocent people matter." The shooting of de Menezes was a turning point for the police in the UK, and led to increased scrutiny of police tactics and training. It also raised important questions about the balance between public safety and personal liberties, and the need for clear communication and accurate information in times of crisis. In the years since the shooting, the Metropolitan Police have made a number of changes to their training and procedures. However, the shooting continues to cast a shadow over the way in which the police are perceived by many members of the public. As the UK continues to face ongoing threats from terrorism and extremism, the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes serves as a reminder of the importance of ensuring that the police are properly trained and equipped to deal with such situations, and that every effort is made to avoid the unnecessary loss of life. It is hoped that the settlement reached with de Menezes' family will help to bring some closure to this tragic and controversial case, and that lessons can be learned to prevent similar incidents happening in the future.