article: A police officer made a super cute video with his children to depict what they thought their father did in his day to day duties in the Queensland Police Force. Appropriately titled 'Dad, we know what you do at work!' - Fortitude Valley Senior Sergeant Corey Allen created the LEGO animation through the eyes of his three children. It is very clear from the adorable storyline that Sergeant Allen's children deem their dad as their everyday hero. Scroll down for video . The exotic wife hands her husband a goblet of coffee to kickstart his day of fighting crime . It's not long before the officer must pull over when a man attacks a homeless person . The police LEGO figure starts off his day by being given a mammoth golden goblet filled with coffee from his wife to kickstart his jam-packed day of fighting crime. In a very exotic twist, their mother is wearing a grass skirt and a lei as she stands on the front porch to wave goodbye to her husband. The officer then jumps in his police van and drives past a man who had attacked a homeless person. Without hesitation the brave sergeant jumps out of the vehicle and wrestles the baddie to the ground before handcuffing him. The culprit is thrown into the back of the police van and then the officer helps the victim (who happened to own a white pet rabbit) to this feet as they shake hands and part ways. The officer wrestles that baddie to the ground and pulls out the handcuffs . The culprit is then handcuffed and thrown in the back of the police van . The officer helps the homeless person up off the ground as a white rabbit watches on . The bad guy is taken to the police station where the one and only Spider Man appears on the side of the building to help police with their busy day of making society a safer place. 'It is interesting to hear what your kids think police do at work - more interesting these days when they can express their thoughts creatively using technology, Senior Sergeant Allen . 'They got most of it right - we do help homeless people all the time, we do catch our fair share of robbers, people do appreciate it when we help them out.' 'I can assure everyone that my wife doesn't get up as early as I do and send me off with a nice cup of coffee, and police don't have super heroes helping them out at the station!' Senior Sergeant Corey Allen made the video through the eyes of how his children see he spends his day . Spider Man appears at the police station to help save the day as the thug is locked up in the slammer . Clearly his three children see their father as an everyday hero .
highlights: Senior Sergeant Corey Allen created a LEGO video with his three kids . It is a day in the life of the Fortitude Valley officer through their eyes . He arrests baddies, helps homeless and is joined by Spider Man . The cute video was posted on Queensland Police Force YouTube .
id: 448441564d25fa5cc2c6f3ffd1c1b9a2d2e0e5a6
chatgpt: A police officer from Fortitude Valley has gone viral after creating an adorable day-in-the-life video with his three young children using LEGO. Senior Sergeant Corey Allen, known to his colleagues as "the superhero of Fortitude Valley", was joined by Spider-Man as he went about his daily duties, helping the community and catching criminals. The video, which was posted on the Queensland Police Force's YouTube channel, has been viewed by millions of people around the world. In the video, Sergeant Allen's children act out his daily routine, from helping a homeless person on the street to apprehending a group of baddies. "I wanted to show the softer side of policing, and how we're here to help the community," said Sergeant Allen. "It was a lot of fun to make, and I'm thrilled that so many people have enjoyed it." The video has been praised by people around the world for its heartwarming depiction of a police officer's day-to-day life. Many have said that the video has helped to humanize the police force and shown that they are more than just enforcers of the law. "I think this video is fantastic - it really shows that police officers are human beings too," said one commenter on the YouTube video. "It's great to see that there are officers like Sergeant Allen out there who are making a real difference in their community." While the video is certainly cute and heartwarming, Sergeant Allen says that it also has a serious message. "I want people to know that we're here to help, and that we're part of the community too," he said. "Whether it's helping someone who's fallen on hard times or catching criminals, we're here to make a difference." The video has also had a positive impact on Sergeant Allen's own children, who are now more interested in what their dad does every day. "They're always asking me questions about my job now," he said. "It's great to see them taking an interest in what I do." Sergeant Allen hopes that the video will inspire other police officers to try new and creative ways of engaging with the public. "We need to be more than just law enforcers - we need to be part of the community," he said. "It's great to see that we can make a difference in people's lives, even if it's just through a cute LEGO video." The video has been shared widely on social media, with many people thanking Sergeant Allen for his work and dedication to the community. "Thank you for making this video and reminding us that police officers are people too," said one Twitter user. "It's great to see someone using their creativity to bring joy to others." As for Sergeant Allen, he says that he has a few more LEGO projects in the works. "I'm thinking of doing a video about the history of Fortitude Valley next," he said. "I think it could be a lot of fun, and a great way to showcase our community."