article: Editor's note: Campbell Brown anchors CNN's "Campbell Brown: No Bias, No Bull" at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays. She delivered this commentary during the "Cutting through the Bull" segment of Monday night's broadcast. Campbell Brown says President Bush can't seem to see the failure of his administration's response to Hurricane Katrina. (CNN) -- Much of President Bush's news conference today was a defense of the many controversial decisions of his presidency, it was also reflective, with the president showing a willingness to admit and talk about the serious mistakes made by this administration. But on one topic in particular, he seemed almost entirely disconnected from what really happened: Hurricane Katrina. As someone who spent many days in New Orleans, Louisiana, after Hurricane Katrina, I was taken aback listening to the president talk about the government's response. President Bush: . "People said, 'Well, the federal response was slow.' Don't tell me the federal response was slow when there was 30,000 people pulled off roofs right after the storm passed. I remember going to see those helicopter drivers, Coast Guard drivers, to thank them for their courageous efforts to rescue people off roofs. Thirty-thousand people were pulled off roofs right after the storm moved through. It's a pretty quick response. Could things have been done better? Absolutely. Absolutely. But when I hear people say, the federal response was slow, then what are they going to say to those chopper drivers, or the 30,000 that got pulled off the roofs?" It is impossible to challenge what so many of us witnessed firsthand -- what the entire country witnessed through television day and night: New Orleans was a city for a time abandoned by the government; where people old and young were left at the New Orleans convention center for days with no water or food. People will disagree over aspects of the Bush legacy, but on the government's handling of Katrina? We were there. Watch Campbell Brown's reaction to President Bush's news conference » . The whole country saw what happened. People stuck on roofs were one part of a massive catastrophe. But there was so much else the government didn't do. To this day that city is fighting for its life. Mr. President, you cannot pat yourself on the back for that one. We will debate the war in Iraq, national security, the economy and the rest of your legacy. Those debates will continue for years to come. But on how you handled Katrina, there is no debate. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown.
highlights: Campbell Brown: Bush defended many decisions at Monday news conference . Brown: Bush disconnected from what really happened with Hurricane Katrina . Brown: People will disagree over aspects of the Bush legacy, but not Katrina . Brown: Katrina response was catastrophe that America watched on TV .
id: d8871f70487edea13f26ac0ca16e29f9ca6f7cd6
chatgpt: In a recent interview, former CNN anchor Campbell Brown criticized former president George W. Bush for his handling of Hurricane Katrina. Brown noted that although Bush defended many of his decisions at a recent news conference, he seemed to be disconnected from the reality of what had happened during the disaster. Speaking with MSNBC's Rachel Maddow, Brown commented that "there are going to be aspects of George W. Bush's legacy that people will disagree with, but I think nobody disagrees on Katrina. I mean, that was a catastrophe that America watched on TV." Brown, who covered Katrina extensively during her time at CNN, has been outspoken about her views on the Bush administration’s response to the disaster. “I don’t think we were prepared for what happened, but I also don’t think that the government was very good at responding once it did happen,” she said. The former CNN anchor went on to criticize Bush for being out of touch with the reality of the situation on the ground in New Orleans. “I think he was disconnected,” she said. “He was talking about things like his birthday cake and John McCain’s birthday party while people were still stranded on rooftops.” Bush recently defended his handling of Katrina during a news conference to mark the 20th anniversary of the attacks of September 11th. He argued that his administration had done everything it could to respond to the disaster, but that the magnitude of the storm had overwhelmed FEMA and other government responders. However, Brown was quick to dismiss those claims. “I think that’s just not true,” she said. “I mean, there were a lot of issues that FEMA had that were of their own making. They had stripped out all these people from the agency who knew how to respond to disasters.” Brown’s comments come at a time when the nation is reflecting on the legacy of the Bush administration. While there is some disagreement over the president’s handling of the Iraq War and other issues, few would argue that his response to Hurricane Katrina was anything other than a failure. As for Brown, she remains committed to highlighting the failures of government during the hurricane. “I think it’s important to remember what happened and to make sure that we learn from it,” she said. “We can’t just forget about it and move on to the next thing.”