article: (CNN) -- A Washington man is facing federal child pornography charges after allegedly recording and posting online the sexual assault of an 8-year-old girl at an elementary school where he was once the PTA president. Federal prosecutors say David M. Navarro, 37, shot a cellphone video of the girl performing oral sex at Belfair Elementary School -- and shared it on the web. Court documents don't say whether Navarro was the man in the video. At the time of the incident, Navarro was the president of Belfair's parent-teacher association. Navarro faces multiple charges, including the production, ownership, and distribution of child pornography. Court documents reveal Navarro was arrested and charged in San Diego in 2009 for "lewd and lascivious acts with a child" as well as "indecent exposure," but the charges were dismissed due to a lack of evidence. Police: Florida man linked to up to 1 million child porn videos, images . North Mason School District Superintendent David Peterson issued a statement Wednesday, describing Navarro as a "school volunteer" who passed a "State Patrol" background check in 2011. He also said he has been in contact with the lead FBI investigators, saying "the FBI informed us today that this is not something the school could reasonably have prevented." Peterson assured parents that the North Mason School District "takes the responsibility of the safety and welfare of all students extremely seriously." U.S. Federal authorities were tipped off to the information by investigators in Denmark and Australia, who came across a "large number of files" of suspected child pornography, which had been appearing on sites across the globe. Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting . Upon closer inspection, investigators discovered a GPS stamp in one of the videos, with the coordinates matching those of Belfair Elementary School. Investigators then alerted the FBI, who arrested Navarro four days later. Court documents indicate authorities were worried that the assaults were ongoing. An FBI special agent, submitting a letter to the court, alleges that Navarro's e-mail account was linked to an "account on a website known by law enforcement to post . . . child pornography." The agent said Navarro appears to have posted at least 14 photos to the website, including one of the girl who appears in the video. Authorities believe Navarro created at least six videos in which the 8-year-old girl was sexually assaulted. U.S. investigators also searched Navarro's Belfair home Friday, and seized two pairs of boxer shorts, at least 10 computers, and an iPhone 5, which they suspect was used to make the illegal videos. Navarro is currently jailed, pending a detention hearing, which is scheduled for Thursday at a federal courthouse in Tacoma, Washington. Google seeks to scrub web of child porn .
highlights: School district says the man passed a background check . "This is not something the school could reasonably have prevented," it says . Feds were tipped off by investigators in Denmark and Australia .
id: 7ee687eb1d09e8f819bef026d199e6531f34ad32
chatgpt: A man accused of promoting child exploitation materials has been taken into custody by federal agents in the United States. The man, who has not yet been identified, allegedly possessed and shared explicit images of minors online. According to reports, the man passed a background check prior to being hired by a local school district in the US. The school district has since released a statement, saying that "this is not something the school could reasonably have prevented." Federal investigators were tipped off by authorities in Denmark and Australia, who had been monitoring online activity related to child exploitation materials. The investigation led them to the man's home, where they found evidence linking him to the illegal activity. Upon raiding the man's home, federal agents discovered a large collection of explicit images of minors. The man was promptly taken into custody and charged with promotion of child exploitation materials. The case has raised concerns about background checks and vetting procedures for those working in schools and other sensitive positions. Many have called for increased scrutiny and more thorough investigations of job candidates. In response to the incident, the school district has announced it will be reviewing its hiring policies and procedures. The district has also expressed support for the investigation and commended the efforts of law enforcement in combating child exploitation materials. The use of online platforms to share explicit images of minors has become a growing concern in recent years. Law enforcement agencies around the world have been working together to identify and prosecute those involved in such activities. The case underscores the importance of international cooperation in combating child exploitation materials. With the help of authorities in Denmark and Australia, federal agents in the US were able to identify and apprehend a dangerous individual and remove explicit images from circulation. The man is currently being held in custody pending trial. If convicted, he could face a lengthy prison sentence and other severe penalties. The case has shaken the local community and raised awareness of the dangers of child exploitation materials. Many are calling for increased education and resources to help prevent the sharing and distribution of such materials online.