article: (CNN)Here we won't go again. No Mitt Romney 3.0. No "third time's a charm." No invoking Ronald Reagan's two failed presidential campaigns. No 47%, car elevators or dog on the roof. No Bain Capital. No Olympics. The media can say goodbye to a plethora of story lines as it prepares to cover the 2016 presidential race. But other than mourning the (substantial) loss of some well-tread fodder, the announcement that Mitt Romney will not be running for president a third time does little to change the 2016 outlook for Republicans. There's still an establishment candidate in Jeb Bush, if he runs. And the rest of the very deep Republican bench -- with the possible exceptions of Sen. Marco Rubio and Gov. Chris Christie -- would have run whether Romney was in it or not. But the absence of Romney in the field is a big loss for Democrats, who were not-so-secretly hoping he'd throw his hat in one more time. Proof that they were salivating over the opportunity was President Obama's open mockery of Romney at Thursday night's speech to House Democrats: . "We've got a former presidential candidate on the other side who suddenly is just deeply concerned about poverty. That's great! Let's go! Come on! Let's do something about it!" It's pretty rich that the sitting president who has presided over a widening of the income gap and a worsening of poverty would take a shot at anyone else who tried to offer solutions. And he wasn't alone. Obama's former campaign advisers, as well as New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and plenty others in the media piled on the criticism of Romney's anti-poverty message. Again, Democrats can't brag that their policies have helped. And, they could very well nominate another multimillionaire who has had just as much difficulty explaining her wealth to ordinary Americans in Hillary Clinton. So on its face, it would seem a dangerous gamble to attack Romney for trying to address poverty. But that's how confident Democrats are that their 2012 narratives successfully and decisively defined Romney as an out-of-touch plutocrat. Yes, they are living in glass houses -- and they are stockpiling stones. I've heard from dozens, if not hundreds of people who watched the Netflix documentary "Mitt" and said, if only we'd seen that Romney in 2012. But that's just it -- the Mitt that actually exists, the one we see in the film and know off the campaign trail, is no match for the Mitt that the left has created. It is written. It is fact. It is history. It's also a shame, because the Mitt that actually exists would have been a formidable candidate and might have been a great president. But it's a lesson to the rest of the 2016 Republican field : Don't get defined early, and don't save your best material for the after-party.
highlights: S.E. Cupp: Democrats were very eager for Romney to run . She says they will have to discard the "47 percent" and "car elevator" attack lines .
id: b3a12d8aa3edbf3d2d5d2989f1acbc73f7516081
chatgpt: In the world of politics, even the most surprising twists and turns are to be expected. Recently, there has been buzz surrounding former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and his potential run for office once again. S.E. Cupp, a conservative political commentator and television host, provided her thoughts on the matter during a recent interview. According to Cupp, there is considerable interest among Democrats in a potential Romney run. This may seem like an unexpected turn of events, as Romney is widely regarded as a Republican stalwart with conservative views. However, as Cupp explains, the change in circumstances has prompted Democrats to see him in a different light. In fact, Cupp argues that Democrats may actually be more eager for a Romney run than Republicans themselves. This is largely due to the fact that Romney is now seen as a more moderate figure in the Republican party, a position that is increasingly appealing to many independent voters. However, Cupp does caution that in order for Romney to be seen as a viable candidate, Democrats will have to discard certain attack lines that were used against him in the past. Specifically, Cupp mentions the infamous "47 percent" comment and the revelation of Romney's car elevator. Both of these issues were used to portray Romney as an out-of-touch, wealthy elitist who could not relate to the everyday struggles of ordinary Americans. If Democrats want Romney to be a contender, they will have to move past these criticisms and focus on his strengths as a candidate. Indeed, Romney has a proven track record of business success, and his experience as a governor in Massachusetts could make him a compelling candidate in the eyes of moderate voters. Of course, there is much speculation surrounding whether or not Romney will actually run for office. After all, he has previously run for president twice and failed to secure the nomination both times. However, Cupp believes that this time could be different. She notes that many in the Republican party are looking for a new leader, and Romney's moderate views and business acumen could set him apart from other contenders. In the end, only time will tell whether or not Romney will enter the race. However, one thing is for certain – his potential candidacy has already served as a lightning rod for political discussion and debate. As the 2022 midterm elections approach, it will be interesting to see how Romney fits into the larger political landscape and whether or not he can emerge as a viable contender for office.