article: Thierry Henry will make his big screen debut in 2015 as he makes a short cameo appearance in the Entourage movie. Former Arsenal striker Henry announced his retirement from playing football earlier this month after ending his career at New York Red Bulls. The 37-year-old has joined Sky Sports as pundit and confirmed he will earn his coaching badges in the hope of one day becoming manager of the Gunners, where he played for eight years. VIDEO Scroll down to take a look at Thierry Henry's career to date . Thierry Henry poses with actor Adrian Grenier (right) in California, thought to be on the film set earlier this year . Henry will play a short cameo in the Entourage movie that will be released in the summer of 2015 . But the former France international has also made moves into the acting world and will play a small part in the film adaptation of the US television series Entourage. Henry enjoys a short exchange with character Ari Gold, who is played by Jeremy Piven, while the former footballer is out walking his dog. Piven praised Henry for his role in the film Tweeting: '@ThierryHenry your cameo kills my man, thanks for being such a pro/legend.' Henry (right) posed for pictures with Ellin (centre) and UFC champion Ronda Rousey (left) in April . Henry and the Entourage gang pose for more snaps in California earlier this year . Henry replied to the actor via Twitter: 'Thank you my friend. Loved every millisecond of my 2 seconds!' Henry also Tweeted a picture with him and the cast with text reading 'Quits football... joins an Entourage' and wrote: 'Ha ha looking forward to the movie guys.' Pictures emerged earlier this year of Henry posing with cast members Piven and Adrian Grenier as well as Entourage creator Doug Ellin thought to be from the set of the new movie. It now seems all but certain that Henry will play a part in the movie that is set for release in summer 2015. Henry stops to pose for a picture with Jeremy Piven, who plays Ari Gold in the TV show, earlier this year .
highlights: Thierry Henry announced his retirement from playing football in December . The former Arsenal striker is joining Sky Sports as a football pundit . Henry will play a short cameo in the Entourage movie released next year . Former France international also wants to earn his coaching badges .
id: 0d17f83aff7542f95994163b6b99acf8d9b05d7a
chatgpt: Thierry Henry, former Arsenal striker and French international has announced his retirement from playing football in December. After 20 years on the field, Henry has decided to pursue a career in football punditry and coaching by joining Sky Sports as an analyst. In addition to his new role as a pundit, Henry will also make a brief cameo in the upcoming movie, Entourage, which is set to release next year. The film follows the journey of a young actor and his entourage as they navigate the ups and downs of Hollywood. While Henry has retired from playing professionally, he still has a strong passion for the sport and is eager to continue his career by earning his coaching badges. In an interview with Sky Sports, Henry spoke about his desire to give back to the sport that has given him so much. “I have always been interested in coaching and I want to learn from the best,” Henry said. “I think it is important to give something back to the sport that has given me so much and I’m excited to start this new chapter in my career.” Henry’s prowess on the field is unparalleled. He scored 228 goals in 377 appearances during his career with Arsenal and won the Premier League twice. He also played for Barcelona, New York Red Bulls, and the French national team, scoring a total of 360 goals across all competitions. Despite his retirement from playing, Henry remains one of the most iconic and influential figures in football. He has inspired a generation of young footballers and his contributions to the sport will not be forgotten. Henry’s move to punditry is a welcome addition to Sky Sports, and he will undoubtedly bring his unmatched knowledge and expertise to the field. As he steps into this new role, fans eagerly anticipate his insights on the game and the players that will follow in his footsteps.