article: Pupils would be grouped by ability in key subjects in every secondary school under the plans . Secondary schools would be required to teach pupils in sets according to ability under plans being considered by the Tories. They would be penalised for teaching mixed-ability groups for key subjects under controversial proposals to make sets effectively compulsory. The idea is being considered for inclusion in the 2015 Conservative Party manifesto. It would build on the policy blueprint in 2010, which pledged to ‘encourage setting so those who are struggling get extra help and the most able are stretched’. One report claimed Downing Street was pushing for the policy to be announced sooner and had even booked a venue for a launch. But Education Secretary Nicky Morgan insisted in the Commons there was ‘absolutely no truth’ in the ‘rumours’. She said political opponents had a ‘rather unhealthy interest sometimes in speculating about what I am or am not about to announce’. In an interview she added: 'It’s not something I am looking at.' Both Labour and the Tories have long supported setting but stopped short of making it compulsory. However last year the head of Ofsted called for greater use of sets from age 11 to ensure the brightest pupils reach their potential. Figures suggest the practice of separating children into ability groups does not become widespread until children are 14. Even among older children, not all schools use ability groups in core subjects. Ofsted’s Sir Michael Wilshaw said: 'I’d set from the word go (in secondary schools). 'Too many non-selective schools are failing to nurture scholastic excellence.’ Sources said the idea was ‘under discussion’ and part of the ‘policy debate at the moment’. While in opposition David Cameron called for a ‘grammar stream’ in every subject in all comprehensives. Education Secretary Nicky Morgan (left) denied claims the plans would be included in the 2015 Conservative Party manifesto. David Cameron (right) called for a 'grammar stream' in every subject in all comprehensives . He said: ‘I want to see setting in every single school. Parents know it works. Teachers know it works.’ It was claimed yesterday Mr Cameron’s advisers had drawn up plans for a compulsory setting policy. A source close to David Laws, the Lib Dem schools minister, said: ‘This has not been agreed with the Liberal Democrats and is not government policy. 'We don’t believe it would be appropriate to tie schools’ hands in this way.’ And Russell Hobby, general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers, said: ‘This is an area for teachers to decide and for results to speak for themselves.’ Research published two years ago by the Royal Economic Society showed a higher proportion of ‘low-achieving pupils’ in each class had a ‘negative and significant effect on the academic achievements of regular pupils’ because they monopolised teachers’ attention. The announcement of the plans comes as teachers have been told to consider using seating plans to split up troublemakers and stop pupils choosing to sit with friends.
highlights: Plans may be included in 2015 Conservative Party manifesto, sources say . All key subjects in secondary schools would be grouped by pupils' ability . David Cameron called for a 'grammar stream' in 'every single school' Education Secretary Nicky Morgan denied claims plans would be included .
id: ede9a56dd437e81c5a99f66fa3d29336b4fd50c1
chatgpt: The Conservative Party is reportedly considering the inclusion of plans to group all key subjects in secondary schools by pupils' ability in its manifesto for the upcoming 2015 election. Sources within the party have revealed that the plans, which would entail the formation of a 'grammar stream' in every school, have been discussed at the highest levels. Party leader and Prime Minister David Cameron has been a proponent of such a scheme for some time, arguing that it would provide greater opportunities for academically gifted students from disadvantaged backgrounds. In a speech in 2014, Cameron stated that "we should have a 'grammar stream' in every single school, so that we can stretch our brightest children to the utmost". The proposed plans would see pupils divided into groups based on their academic ability, with those deemed to be the most capable placed in a 'grammar stream' focused on more challenging coursework. Proponents of the scheme argue that it would enable brighter students to advance at a faster pace, while also freeing up teachers to devote more attention to pupils who are struggling. However, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has denied that the plans will be included in the party's manifesto. Speaking in an interview for BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Morgan stated that "we have no plans at this stage to introduce any kind of grammar stream or grammar schools". The proposal has garnered mixed reactions from educational experts and policymakers. Supporters argue that it would allow schools to tailor their teaching methods to individual needs, while also promoting healthy competition among pupils. However, critics have expressed concerns that the scheme could further entrench socioeconomic divides, with disadvantaged pupils potentially being left behind. The prospect of a grammar stream in every school has also raised questions over the future of grammar schools themselves. Currently, grammar schools are only present in a select number of areas in England, and are widely considered to be a controversial form of education due to their selective admissions process. Opponents of grammar schools argue that they unfairly advantage wealthier families who can afford to pay for additional tutoring to prepare for the demanding entrance exams. Supporters, however, argue that they provide a vital form of high-quality education for academically gifted students who may struggle in comprehensive schools. It is unclear whether the Conservative Party will ultimately include plans for a 'grammar stream' in its manifesto for the 2015 election. However, the proposal has reignited a longstanding debate over the merits and drawbacks of selective education, and the best way to provide educational opportunities for all students, regardless of their backgrounds or abilities.