article: By . Bianca London . The Duchess of Cambridge better watch out, there's another Royal keen to steal her style crown. But while Kate prefers thrifty high street style, Princess Beatrice has been channeling a high fashion look of late. Last night, the 25-year-old made sure all eyes were on her as she was seen leaving trendy new Marylebone eatery, the Chiltern Firehouse. High fashion: Princess Beatrice, 25, was seen leaving the trendy Chiltern Firehouse last night in a stylish ensemble complete with £2,000 arm candy . Princess Bea looked effortlessly chic - a look she has carefully mastered - in a £40 ASOS boucle jacket with leather shoulders, black mini skirt and her favourite Kurt Geiger studded pumps. She complemented her outfit with a black Celine handbag. The arm candy, which costs around £2,000, is loved by the likes of Kim Kardashian, Coleen Rooney and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and has fast become the most coveted tote amongst the fash pack. Beatrice had been enjoying an evening at the Chiltern Firehouse - a new-found favourite haunt of the A-list set. Earlier this week, Kate Moss and Lily Allen were seen dining at the restaurant, which is headed up by top chef Nuno Mendes, while Kate took Cara Delevingne there last week. Ever stylish: Princess Bea wore a £40 boucle jacket from ASOS with leather shoulders, black mini skirt and her favourite Kurt Geiger studded pumps plus a coveted Celine tote . Good taste: Bea dined at the Chiltern Firehouse - frequented earlier this week by Kate Moss . The restaurant is within the hotel of the same name by American hotelier André Balazs. The menu is fairly low-key, offering American dishes such as crab doughnuts, fried chicken with bacon infused aioli, as well as maple-glazed salmon and chargrilled Iberico pork. Last week, Princess Beatrice stole the show at the launch of a new fashion blog in London store Fortnum & Mason with a very classy monochromatic ensemble. She wore a tailored black . blouse which cinched at her waist and paired it with a geometrically . patterned black and white mini skirt as she posed with friend Poppy Delevingne. Fashion's new darling? Princess Beatrice look stylish in monochrome at the launch of Mrs Alice in Her Palace at Fortnum and Mason last week .
highlights: Beatrice, 25, wore boucle jacket, favourite pumps and Celine tote . Dined at trendy Marylebone restaurant, loved by Kate Moss . Fast becoming a face on the fashion circuit .
id: 301118377d8039cc8a98505ed117301c72abc186
chatgpt: Beatrice, the 25-year-old sensation, is quickly becoming a prominent face in the world of fashion. Last night, she dined at the trendy Marylebone restaurant, which is not only adored by celebrities but is also a hotspot for the fashion elite. Beatrice looked stunning in her boucle jacket, which was paired with her favorite pumps and a Celine tote. Her outfit was not only trendy but also reflected her unique sense of style. As she walked into the restaurant, heads turned, and the chatter in the room grew louder. Several fashion enthusiasts whispered about how Beatrice is defying fashion stereotypes and leaving her mark in the industry. Beatrice was seen casually flipping through fashion magazines and catching up on the latest trends while having her meal. Despite the noise and the bustle around her, she remained focused and determined to excel in the fashion world. The restaurant's atmosphere and Beatrice's aura combined to create a perfect setting for the fashion world's movers and shakers to mingle, network and enjoy a night out in one of London's most stylish neighborhoods. Beatrice may still be on the rise, but she is quickly proving that she is a force to be reckoned with. With her unique fashion sense and her tenacity to make a name for herself, she is fast becoming a face on the fashion circuit. Her appearance at the trendy Marylebone restaurant has only cemented her status as a fashion icon, and her fans are eager to see what she will do next. As Beatrice left the restaurant, she was swarmed by paparazzi, all eager to capture her effortless style and turn it into the next big trend. But she handled it all with grace and poise, signaling that she is ready for anything that the fashion world may throw at her. In conclusion, Beatrice may be new to the fashion world, but she is quickly making a name for herself. Her stylish outfit, coupled with her visit to the trendy Marylebone restaurant, has cemented her as a force to be reckoned with. The fashion industry has taken note of Beatrice's unique sense of style, and we can expect to see much more of her in the future.