article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 07:46 EST, 27 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:02 EST, 31 December 2012 . Giving birth in a private hospital is becoming unaffordable for most parents to be, with the average cost soaring to more than £10,000. Fees have rocketed because doctors are facing higher insurance bills, The Medical Protection Society (MPS) has warned. The MPS, which indemnifies doctors, told The Daily Telegraph that rising insurance premiums are making private obstetrics ‘unaffordable’. The society claims that the reason for the soaring prices is that judges are tending to award bigger and bigger damages for negligence. The average cost of a private birth has soared to more than £10,000 because many doctors have been forced to double their fees in the last three years . For example, payouts for problems during birth which leave babies brain damaged now sometimes top £10 million. However, many private doctors claim they are being unfairly penalised for mistakes mainly made by junior NHS doctors. As a result, some are now calling for a no claims discount to be introduced to protect experienced private doctors from the soaring premiums. Dr Paul Armstrong, one of the most experienced obstetricians in the country, told The Daily Telegraph that the rise in premiums had forced him to almost double his charges to £7,000 over the past three years. The enormous pressure on NHS wards is forcing parents to consider going private . ‘If the insurance goes up, the bottom line is one’s charges go up,’ explained Dr Armstrong. ‘Significant numbers of people are going to find it very difficult to set up their practices and there’s the potential that this could put a stop to private birth in the UK.’ According to a report by the NHS Litigation Authority, between April 2000 and March 2010 5,087 birth related claims were made against the NHS resulting in payouts of £3.1 billion. The report also showed that the number of claims rose by 36 per cent between 2003/4 and 2011/12, from 767 to 1,040. Mr Ashok Kumar, a consultant obstetrician with a small private practice, has seen his insurance costs rise from £5,000 to £27,000 in a single year. He said that it has become a nightmare as the costs have made it impossible for him to have a private obstetrics practice. Mr Kumar is considering leaving the country and taking his practice abroad if things do not improve. The warning comes at a time when the . Royal College of Midwives say that NHS labour wards are under ‘enormous . pressure’ forcing parents to consider going private. Birth rates are currently at their highest level for 40 years. Cathy . Warwick, chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives, told The . Daily Telegraph that the NHS is ‘at the limit of what maternity services . can safely deliver’.
highlights: Giving birth in a private hospital is becoming unaffordable, warns The Medical Protection Society . Doctors have had to double their fees because of soaring insurance premiums . Insurance bills have gone up because negligence payouts have risen .
id: d38d2f10eb14b2d9e39cfe4513665bdd1991c208
chatgpt: According to a recent warning by The Medical Protection Society, giving birth in a private hospital is quickly becoming an unaffordable option for many expecting parents. The society has reported that doctors who provide service at such facilities have had to double their fees due to soaring insurance premiums, which are causing major financial burdens for prospective parents. The cause for the rising insurance premiums is negligence payouts, which have also experienced a significant surge in recent years. Negligence payouts are awarded to patients who have suffered injury or harm as a result of medical malpractice, and these awards can amount to millions of dollars. This has caused insurers to raise their premiums in order to cover these high costs, resulting in increased fees for private hospitals and medical practitioners. The Medical Protection Society has pointed out that the exorbitant costs of giving birth in a private hospital are forcing many parents to opt for public healthcare facilities. This is a significant concern, as private hospitals usually offer better facilities, a more comfortable environment, and shorter waiting times compared to public healthcare institutions. In response to the crisis, The Medical Protection Society has called for urgent government intervention. They are seeking a comprehensive solution that addresses the issue of negligence payouts in a fair and just manner. This solution should seek to provide adequate compensation to patients without compromising the affordability of private healthcare for patients who need it. Dr. Rob Hendry, the Medical Director at The Medical Protection Society commented on the situation, stating: "It is extremely concerning that parents are increasingly unable to afford the option of private healthcare when they face the life-changing experience of having a baby. The soaring costs of insurance premiums are having a significant impact on the affordability of private healthcare services, and urgent action is needed." Hendry added that "if we do not address the underlying causes of these high premiums, we risk an escalation in costs that could make private healthcare completely inaccessible for many people who need it the most." The warning from The Medical Protection Society has raised alarm bells in the healthcare sector, highlighting the importance of finding a solution that will make private healthcare more affordable and accessible to all. Many are now calling for the government to step in and work with healthcare professionals and insurers to find a solution that protects patients, while also making healthcare more affordable for all. The soaring insurance premiums are a major issue that is threatening the future of private healthcare in the country. Patients must have access to affordable and quality healthcare facilities, whether they choose to use public or private institutions. It is time for all stakeholders in the healthcare sector to come together and find a solution that provides patients with the best possible care, while also ensuring that the costs remain affordable for all.