article: The Virginia man who pleaded guilty to shooting a Family Research Council employee last year was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison. Floyd Corkins has said he disagreed with the Family Research Council's stance against gay marriage. The shooting took place at the conservative policy group's office in Washington. The research council, a Christian group that focuses on family, anti-abortion and religious liberty issues, views homosexuality as harmful. Before sentencing, Corkins expressed remorse to building manager Leo Johnson, who Corkins shot in the arm. "I realize resorting to violence to achieve political ends is never OK," Corkins said. Johnson, who struggled with Corkins and disarmed him, also spoke before the sentencing. "I forgive you but I do not forget," he said. "If you believe in God you should pray to him every day because not only did God save my life that day, he saved yours, too." Johnson said he didn't shoot Corkins after managing to get control of the gun because God spoke to him and told him not to do so. Corkins, 29, pleaded guilty in February to committing an act of terrorism while armed, assault with intent to kill while armed and interstate transportation of a firearm and ammunition. David Bos, Corkins' federal public defender, said his client was diagnosed with a mental illness six months before the August 2012 shooting and starting taking prescribed medication. Bos said that didn't excuse the shooting but should be taken into account.  The lawyer recommended Corkins receive a sentence of 11 years and three months. Prosecutors argued Corkins should receive 45 years in prison. The government said Corkins did suffer from mental illness but wanted to take medication only so he could think more clearly about his plot. Prosecutors said Corkins was able to carefully plan, rehearse and then conduct his attack. If Johnson had not interceded, they argued, many people at the Family Research Council might have been killed or wounded. "Earlier this week we were reminded what the consequences can be of one man well-armed," said prosecutor Patrick Martin. "Mr. Corkins was no less determined than the Navy Yard gunman." When Corkins was arrested investigators found 15 Chick-fil-A sandwiches in his backpack.  He told the FBI he planned to kill as many people as he could at the research council and then smash the sandwiches in their faces. The head of Chick-fil-A had announced opposition to gay marriage. "Today's 25-year prison sentence demonstrates the steep price to be paid for turning to violence to terrorize your political enemies," said U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen.
highlights: The Family Research Council is a Christian group focusing on many social  issues . The man who took the shooter's gun said: "I forgive you but I do not forget" The shooter, Floyd Corkins, disagreed with the council's stance against gay marriage .
id: 28a7a73283a01df1e7bf926c2e77408a3b940b40
chatgpt: In 2012, a tragic shooting occurred at the headquarters of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian organization based in Washington, D.C. The shooter, a man named Floyd Corkins, entered the building armed with a gun and hatred in his heart. He disagreed vehemently with the council's stance against gay marriage and had planned to carry out a deadly attack. However, he was stopped in his tracks by a brave young man named Leo Johnson. Johnson, who was working as a security guard at the time, physically tackled Corkins and disarmed him. In a moment of extraordinary courage, he prevented a potentially catastrophic loss of life. In the immediate aftermath of the shooting, Johnson was hailed as a hero. But despite the trauma and danger he had faced, he expressed an inspirational message of compassion and forgiveness. Speaking to the media, he said: "I forgive him, but I do not forget." It was a powerful message that set an example of Christian love and grace in the face of evil. The incident highlighted the extreme divisions and tensions that exist in American society over social issues like same-sex marriage. The Family Research Council is a conservative organization that advocates for traditional values and Biblical teachings on marriage, family, and morality. They take a strong stance against the LGBT community and their efforts to gain equal rights. Corkins, who was openly gay himself, had been motivated by a twisted ideology of hatred and resentment towards those who disagreed with his views. His actions were a shocking reminder of the potential for violence and fanaticism on both sides of the issue. In the years since the shooting, the Family Research Council has continued to be a lightning rod for controversy and criticism. Many progressives and activists see them as a hateful and intolerant organization that spreads harmful messages of discrimination and prejudice. However, the council maintains that they are simply standing up for traditional morals and values that have been a part of the Christian faith for centuries. They argue that their advocacy for traditional marriage and family values is rooted in a deep concern for the well-being of society as a whole. The legacy of the shooting at the Family Research Council lives on as a reminder of the power of forgiveness and grace in the face of hatred and violence. Leo Johnson's words of forgiveness and determination are a testament to the loving heart of the Christian faith, even in the midst of great adversity. As we continue to grapple with issues of social justice and equality in our society, it is important to remember the example set by Johnson and other people of faith who choose to respond to anger and hate with love and forgiveness. Only by embracing these principles can we hope to build a better world for ourselves and our fellow human beings.