article: Michael Owen believes Jordan Henderson will make a decent replacement as Liverpool captain when Steven Gerrard brings the curtain down on his time at Anfield, but feels he lacks the quality of the current leader. Writing on his Sportlobster account, Owen describes Henderson as the only real candidate to take over the armband from the man who has been synonymous with Liverpool across the last 17 years. 'I think Jordan Henderson will captain Liverpool, judging on what (Brendan) Rodgers has been saying about him,' Owen explained. 'However, I am reluctant to compare Henderson to Gerrard, as I don't believe he is blessed with the talent of Stevie and I'm not sure he will be able to develop it. Michael Owen (left) pictured lifting the Worthington Cup (now Capital One Cup) with Steven Gerrard (right) Jordan Henderson (left) appears set to takeover as Liverpool captain when Gerrard (right) retires . 'He's a quality player and talkative on the pitch. He plays every game and when you look around the pitch for candidates, there aren't too many obvious choices. 'I think he is a decent replacement as captain, but I wouldn't want to compare him with Gerrard because there aren't too many players in the same league as Gerrard in terms of quality.' The former Liverpool striker Owen, who exited Anfield in 2004 for Real Madrid, hopes Gerrard can avoid injury and enjoy the twilight of his career at his boyhood club. Gerrard missed Liverpool's 2-0 win at Aston Villa on Saturday through a groin injury, but could return for the Capital One Cup semi-final clash with Chelsea at Anfield on Tuesday. 'Gerrard's final game at Anfield will have a similar atmosphere to Sir Alex Ferguson's at Old Trafford,' Owen said. 'Hopefully, he will stay fit, healthy and involved for it. 'It will be an unbelievable atmosphere and the fans will give Gerrard the perfect send off. It will be very emotional for Gerrard, as he hasn't known anything else apart from playing for Liverpool. Every game which is now played at Anfield, I am sure the fans will appreciate Gerrard even more.' Owen says Henderson (left) is the only choice to be captain for Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers (right) Owen added his name to the list  that includes Jamie Carragher and Phil Thompson in thinking more should have been done by Liverpool to extend Gerrard's tenure at the club. 'It is probably a nice move [to LA Galaxy], because he won't be upsetting anyone. He would've liked to stay on with Liverpool, but circumstances conspired against this,'Owen said. 'It is disappointing for everybody that something couldn't have been reached sooner to keep him at the club.' Sportlobster is the sports social network, which brings news, blogs, predictions, fixtures and results, live match data and photos and videos tailored to fans’ preferences.
highlights: Jordan Henderson is set to be Liverpool captain when Steven Gerrard exits . Michael Owen rates Henderson but does not feel he compares with Gerrard . The ex Liverpool striker says there are few other options for the armband . Click here for Liverpool transfer news .
id: f63a4d1025c5c2b1009236521376dfa6d947a7e8
chatgpt: Jordan Henderson Set to Take Over as Liverpool Captain Following Gerrard Departure Jordan Henderson is set to take over as Liverpool captain following the departure of Steven Gerrard at the end of the season. The news has been met with mixed reactions, with many fans and critics questioning whether Henderson is the right man for the job. Former Liverpool striker Michael Owen has praised Henderson's abilities but believes he is not comparable to Gerrard. "Jordan Henderson is a great player and he's certainly one of the best players on the team," Owen said. "But he's not Steven Gerrard. There are few players in the world who compare to Steven Gerrard, and Jordan Henderson is not quite there yet." Despite the reservations of some fans and critics, Henderson has received the support of Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers. "Jordan Henderson has been an outstanding player for us this season," Rodgers said. "He's shown great leadership skills on and off the pitch and he's a very worthy successor to Steven Gerrard." Liverpool fans are eager to see who will take over as captain following Gerrard's departure, and many are speculating about who could be a potential candidate. However, it seems that Henderson is the clear front-runner for the job. Liverpool's recent form has left some fans unsure about Henderson's ability as a leader. The team has struggled in recent weeks, and many fans have criticized Henderson for his lack of presence on the pitch. However, Rodgers has defended Henderson, saying that he has been a key player for the team this season. "Jordan Henderson has been fantastic for us this season," Rodgers said. "He's been one of our best players and he's shown great leadership skills. He's a player who can really drive the team forward, and I have no doubt that he'll be a great captain for Liverpool." Despite some fans' concerns, it seems that Henderson is the right man for the job. With proven leadership skills and a strong presence on the pitch, he is well-equipped to take on this new role. Liverpool fans will be eager to see how he handles the pressure and responsibility of being the team's captain. As Liverpool prepares for Gerrard's departure, the team is also looking to strengthen its ranks with new signings. Fans can stay up-to-date on all the latest Liverpool transfer news by clicking here. With a new captain and new players on the way, Liverpool is gearing up for an exciting future.