article: Vicente del Bosque has received the backing of the Spanish Football Federation, in spite of Spain's disastrous World Cup campaign which has seen the holders exit the tournament after just two games. The coach is under contract until after the European Championships in 2016 but admitted after Spain's 2-0 defeat to Chile, which followed the humiliating 5-1 thrashing at the hands of Holland, that his future was not certain, saying: 'We need to decide what's best for Spanish football, and that includes myself.' However, the Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) insist they want the 63-year-old, who has won the World Cup and European Championships with Spain, to stay in charge of La Roja. Vote of confidence: The Spanish FA have given their backing to coach Vicente del Bosque despite the defending champions' early exit from the World Cup . Humbled: Spain were beaten 5-1 by Holland in their opening group match and then lost 2-0 to Chile . 'From top to bottom in the Federation we are all behind Del Bosque,' Jorge Perez, Spain's director of football, told radio station Cope. 'If we have the best coach around, why would we change?' Perez revealed that the Federation preferred not to discuss Del Bosque's future with the coach just yet, and would wait until after Spain's final World Cup game with Australia. End of the world: Spain's Iker Casillas, Andres Iniesta and Fernando Torres trudge off the pitch after the 2-0 defeat by Chile in the Maracana . Not good enough: Koke, Javi Martinez and Raul Albiol reflect on the World Cup exit . 'We still haven't spoken with Del Bosque, it's better to put a bit of distance between us and wait and then speak calmly in Madrid,' he said. 'When Del Bosque signed the contract he said that if there was any motivation that we thought he shouldn't continue, he would leave. But I want him to stay. 'He wont be affected by the criticism. His family might convince him to leave, but we aren't going to find anyone better. Del Bosque has not resigned. If he does, we will try to convince him to stay.'
highlights: Defeats to Holland and Chile marked an early end to Spain's World Cup defence . But Vicente del Bosque has been given the backing of the Spanish FA . 'If we have the best coach around, why would we change,' said an official . Del Bosque has won the World Cup and the European Championship with La Roja .
id: baf5edba33ec30c734828607d8ffaac8bd0bb53b
chatgpt: Vicente del Bosque's tenure as the Spanish national team manager has been backed by the Spanish Football Association (RFEF), following the team's early exit from the World Cup. Despite defeats to Holland and Chile, the Spanish FA remains confident in del Bosque's leadership. "If we have the best coach around, why would we change?" stated an anonymous official from the Spanish FA. The organization's unwavering support for del Bosque comes as little surprise, given that the Spanish coach has led the team to some of its greatest successes in recent memory. Under del Bosque's stewardship, La Roja won the 2010 World Cup and the 2012 European Championship. But after an abysmal showing in this year's World Cup, some fans and critics raised questions about del Bosque's future with the national team. Despite these concerns, the Spanish FA has stood by del Bosque, praising his experience and success with the team. The coach, for his part, has remained philosophical in the face of criticism, acknowledging that "football is cruel and doesn't always reward those who play well." For del Bosque and the Spanish team, the focus now shifts to the future. After their humbling exit from the World Cup, many fans hope to see a new generation of Spanish talent emerge, and for the team to return to its rightful place among the world's elite. At the same time, however, the Spanish FA recognizes that del Bosque remains a valuable asset to the team. As the coach himself noted, "In football, things can change quickly. We need to keep our heads up, and look to the future with optimism and enthusiasm." With the backing of the Spanish FA, del Bosque will continue to guide La Roja through the ups and downs of international competition. And while the team's exit from the World Cup was undoubtedly disappointing, fans can take heart in knowing that the Spanish team still has one of the best coaches in the game today.