article: By . Mia De Graaf . PUBLISHED: . 06:58 EST, 28 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:17 EST, 28 December 2013 . This is the moment an arsonist tried to burn down a convenience store - but caught his foot as well. Captured on CCTV, the man is seen creeping into Supps R Us in Melbourne, Australia, clutching a jerrycan at 4am on Boxing Day. The bizarre footage shows him running to the back of the warehouse out of view - before leaping wildly towards the door, his left leg ablaze. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . A man holding a jerrycan is seen entering Supps R Us in Melbourne, Australia, at 4.10am on Boxing Day . The man runs to the back of the warehouse wearing all black before disappearing from view . As the camera screen clouds up, the man can still be seen stamping his foot and twisting around. The outside camera then captures him wildly hopping all the way down the street. Police have released images of the CCTV and issued an appeal for information. Supps . R Us today tweeted: 'LOOKING FOR A MAN IN MELBOURNE WITH BURNS TO HIS . LEFT LEG. Call Crime Stoppers if you have any information!' Blunder: Moments later he hurtles back into view, ablaze, as the entire store begins to fill up with smoke . The bizarre footage that ensues shows the man twisting manically, trying to stamp out his handy work . Eventually he decides to bound towards the door, hopping and stamping . Fire crews called to the site at . 4.20am spent an hour fighting the flames, which were continually . refuelled by exploding bottles. But they were unable to save the shop, which burned to the ground. Neighbouring buildings were also damaged. A spokesman for the store, Nelli Huie, said the fire had destroyed the entire stock of supplements stored at the  warehouse. The flames are still burning as he reaches the door and makes his way down the street . Here he is seen fleeing the building with his foot still alight. Five fire crews who arrived minutes later spent an hour battling the flames but were unable to save the shop, which burned to the ground . 'The warehouse and all stock within it has been destroyed, however, much of the showroom remains intact,' she said. No staff were at the factory at the time of the fire. Ms Huie thanked fire crews for their 'enormous effort' to contain and extinguish the fire. In a statement, the company said: 'We wish to thank all of our loyal customers for all of their support, and we will be back up and running in no time.'
highlights: Man captured on CCTV creeping into warehouse on Boxing Day morning . Runs to back of shop in Melbourne, Australia, holding a jerrycan . Leaps wildly back into view towards the door with his left leg ablaze . Police have issued appeal for information on fire which burned down shop .
id: 76dee439e76d86ae2ad330dd8d198b5ef8b818f3
chatgpt: On Boxing Day morning, a man was captured on CCTV creeping into a warehouse in Melbourne, Australia. The footage shows him running towards the back of the shop, carrying a jerrycan. Moments later, he can be seen frantically leaping towards the door, with his left leg ablaze. The mysterious incident has caused shock and concern among local residents, as well as law enforcement officials. Police have issued an appeal for information regarding the fire that burned down the warehouse, and are treating the incident as suspicious. According to eyewitness accounts, the man in question appeared to be in a state of agitation as he entered the warehouse. He was reportedly heard muttering to himself, and appeared to be under the influence of drugs or alcohol. The footage shows him pouring what is believed to be an accelerant onto the floor of the warehouse, and then setting it alight with a lighter. He then attempts to flee the scene, but in his panic, he accidentally sets his left leg on fire while leaping over a pile of debris. Firefighters were called to the scene, but were unable to save the warehouse from total destruction. The fire caused extensive damage to the property, as well as posing a significant risk to neighbouring residences and businesses. Police are now appealing to anyone with information about the incident to come forward. They have released the CCTV footage in the hopes that the public can assist in identifying the man in question, who is believed to be responsible for the fire. The incident has naturally caused concern among local residents, who are eager for answers. Many have expressed their sympathy for the owners of the destroyed warehouse, who are said to have lost everything in the blaze. While it remains unclear what motivated the man to set the warehouse on fire, police have vowed to leave no stone unturned in their investigation. They are currently reviewing the CCTV footage, as well as conducting door-to-door enquiries in the local area. The incident has prompted renewed calls for greater security measures to be put in place to safeguard properties from similar incidents in the future. Local business owners have expressed their concern about the risk of arson attacks, and have vowed to take steps to protect their premises from potential threats. As the investigation continues, residents in Melbourne are urged to stay vigilant and report any suspicious behaviour to the authorities. With the identity of the man still unknown, there are fears that he may attempt similar attacks in future.  As such, it remains more important than ever to remain vigilant and report any suspicious behaviour to the police.