article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 12:49 EST, 19 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:58 EST, 19 March 2014 . Loss: Manny Edwards, 18, died after accidentally running into a bus stop. He suffered a cardiac arrest after the collision . A teenager died following a freak accident when he ran into a bus stop while hurrying for a late-night bus. Manny Edwards, 18, collapsed after he struck the sign in Walkers Heath, Birmingham, just before 10.30pm on Monday, West Midlands Police said. Dispelling rumours that he had been the victim of an attack, police said CCTV footage showed Mr Edwards running for the number 35 bus, getting to his feet following the impact with the sign, and then fall to floor again seconds later. Police officers and paramedics attempted to revive Mr Edwards, from Kings Heath, at the scene but he died in hospital. he had suffered a cardiac arrest. Detective Chief Inspector Simon Inglis said: 'This was a terrible accident. 'It’s shocking that a young man could lose his life in such circumstances. 'We understand there were some rumours flying around the community that there was something sinister behind Manny’s death and that he had been attacked - but I can assure people that is certainly not the case. 'CCTV footage shows him running across the road and colliding with the bus stop. No one else was involved in the incident. 'Our thoughts go out to Manny’s family and friends as they try to come to terms with his tragedy.' A post-mortem examination will now take place to confirm the precise cause of death and a file will be prepared for the coroner. The bus shelter he crashed into. Emergency services tried to save him but he later died . Well-loved: A number of floral tributes were laid at the scene of the teenager's death . Grief: A sign at the scene of the tragedy with heartfelt messages written on it . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: 'Upon arrival crews found a man in cardiac arrest. 'Crews quickly commenced resuscitation efforts on scene before conveying the man by land ambulance on blue lights to Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham; ambulance staff continued advanced life support en route to hospital. 'Sadly, despite their best efforts, nothing could be done to save the man and he was confirmed dead at hospital.'
highlights: Birmingham resident Manny Edwards hit sign as he ran for bus . Police and paramedics battled to save him but the 18-year-old died . CCTV footage dispelled rumour he had been attacked . Ambulance staff say he had a cardiac arrest .
id: 289a24af0ff11d3014940af62866512fc073194a
chatgpt: In a tragic incident, 18-year-old Manny Edwards from Birmingham died after hitting a sign while running for a bus. Despite the efforts of both police and paramedics who rushed to the scene, they were unable to save him.  Initial rumors began circulating that Manny had been attacked, but CCTV footage quickly dispelled these claims. Instead, ambulance staff reported that Manny suffered a cardiac arrest after hitting his head on the sign.  The incident occurred on Wednesday afternoon at around 3 pm. Manny was running for a bus when he collided with a signpost on the pavement. Witnesses reported hearing a loud noise before seeing Manny lying on the ground unconscious.  Police officers quickly arrived on the scene, followed shortly by paramedics. They immediately began CPR in an effort to revive Manny, but were unable to do so. He was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.  Following the incident, rumors began to circulate on social media that Manny had been attacked. However, images captured by CCTV showed that no one was nearby when the incident occurred. The footage showed Manny running towards the bus before colliding with the signpost.  West Midlands Police issued a statement reassuring the public that there was no evidence to suggest that Manny had been attacked. They also appealed for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to come forward and provide information to the police.  Manny's family have been left devastated by his sudden and tragic loss. They described him as a loving and caring son who was always willing to help others. They have requested privacy at this difficult time as they come to terms with their loss.  The incident has also raised questions about the safety of signposts and other street furniture in the city. Calls have been made for an urgent review of these structures to ensure that they are secure and do not pose a risk to pedestrians.  In conclusion, the tragic death of Manny Edwards has left his family, friends and community in shock. While rumors initially circulated that he had been attacked, CCTV footage showed that he had suffered a cardiac arrest after hitting a signpost while running for a bus. The incident has highlighted the need for greater attention to pedestrian safety in Birmingham.