article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 01:13 EST, 19 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 04:38 EST, 19 March 2014 . Councils should charge residents for bin collections and other services - even if it is ‘painful’ for them, a Government minster suggested yesterday. Education minister David Laws insisted local authorities should be encouraged to ‘take responsibility for themselves’ and ensure they are less dependent on funding from central government. A third of councils in England now charge to collect garden waste - with one of the highest fees found in Kingston-upon-Thames, south-west London, where it is £75 a year for green wheelie bins. Charge for bin collections: Education minister David Laws insisted local authorities should be encouraged to 'take responsibility for themselves' and ensure they are less dependent on funding from central government . According to the Daily Telegraph, Mr Laws told MPs on the public administration select committee: ‘There are some local authorities that, because the central government grant has been cut or frozen, are seeking to raise more money from those areas that are more under their control locally.’ The Liberal Democrat added: ‘I'm sure that's not the vision that every local authority would want because that involves some painful decisions for them locally which are not always popular. ‘But it seems to me that type of trend through whichever route is one which we ought to be seeking to encourage in future, so that local authorities can take a degree of responsibility for themselves rather than constantly looking to central government.’ It comes after the Mail revealed on Monday how Eric Pickles had threatened to introduce new laws forcing councils to bring back weekly bin collections after admitting the Government’s previous efforts have done no more than slow the decline. Bin men at work: A third of councils across England now charge to collect garden waste (file picture) The Communities Secretary said it had taken Labour ten years to ‘destroy’ the traditional weekly service and suggested it would take as long to restore it. Councils should also be forced to publicise when long-running contracts with waste firms are up for renewal, giving voters a chance to demand a return to a weekly service, he said. A BBC survey in July 2012 found a third of England's councils charge to collect garden waste. That followed a Mail survey in June 2011 that found nearly one in four councils was charging to collect garden waste. Of 267 councils that responded to a poll, 64 charged for a collection service. As well as Kingston-upon-Thames, other councils who have introduced charges for collecting bins include Wokingham in Berkshire, South Kesteven in Lincolnshire and Kirklees in West Yorkshire.
highlights: David Laws: Local authorities should 'take responsibility for themselves' Should become less dependent on funding from central government . A third of councils in England now charge to collect garden waste .
id: cfea825213d90c5af7b6ca392e336d8d1b775b26
chatgpt: David Laws, Executive Chairman of the Education Policy Institute and former Liberal Democrat MP for Yeovil, has called on local authorities to assume more responsibility and become less reliant on funding from central government. Speaking at a conference of local government officials, Laws expressed his belief that councils must take control of their finances if they are to thrive in the years ahead. 
Laws argued that local authorities have become too dependent on funding from central government, and that this dependency leaves them vulnerable to sudden shifts in national policy. He also stated that councils need to find new ways to raise revenue in order to become more self-sufficient. 
One way that some councils have sought to raise revenue has been to charge residents for the collection of garden waste. According to a recent report, about one-third of all councils in England now charge for this service, a practice that has proven controversial in some areas. 
While some have criticized the move as an additional financial burden on homeowners, others have praised it as a way for councils to offset budget cuts and maintain essential services. Laws expressed his support for the latter position, arguing that councils must do everything in their power to remain self-sufficient and provide the services that their communities need. 
Laws also emphasized the importance of collaboration among local authorities in order to achieve these goals. He suggested that councils should work together to share resources and expertise, and to negotiate better deals with suppliers in order to save money. 
The conference attendees appeared receptive to Laws' message. Many expressed their agreement that local authorities should be less dependent on central government funding, and that they must find new ways to raise revenue and maintain services in the face of budget cuts. 
However, some attendees also voiced concern that councils are already under significant financial pressure, and that further budget cuts could severely impact their ability to provide essential services to their communities. Many argued that the central government must do more to support local authorities and ensure that they have the resources they need to thrive. 
Despite these concerns, Laws remained optimistic about the future of local government in England. He argued that with the right policies in place and a concerted effort to become more self-sufficient, councils can continue to provide quality services to their communities while remaining financially strong for years to come.