article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 08:50 EST, 20 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:56 EST, 20 February 2013 . An Egyptian TV channel which broadcasts round-the-clock clips of women belly-dancing has been ordered off air for operating without a licence and showing adverts which 'arouse viewers'. Women are seen cavorting in their costumes 24-hours a day on the channel called al-Tet. It was also accused of airing adverts for sexual-enhancement products and promoting matchmaking, according to the Egyptian court statement. Scroll down for video . Shake: The channel, called al-Tet, has been accused of arousing viewers and broadcasting illegally with its clips of belly-dancing . But its director, Baleegh Hamdy, has vowed not pull the plug on the show and accused the court using inaccurate evidence when it made its decision. He told Al Arabiya: 'The judge was supposed to check the facts present in the lawyer's allegations. 'The channel does not air ads for sexual products that aren’t licensed. 'There are more than 150 channels in Egypt airing the same ads for the same products. Why are people picking on al-Tet?' Bit near the mark: Egypt's administrative court said on Saturday that the channel was operating without a broadcasting licence . The show must go on: Baleegh Hamdy says he will not pull the plug on the . channel which is now being aired from a different satellite . Near the mark: Women cavort in their costumes on the channel not leaving much to the imagination . Mr Hamdy explained the channel had a licence and that it is aired through a satellite provider in Bahrain called Noorsat. But he added that Noorsat had stopped broadcasting the channel after the court ruling. However, despite the set back, the director is now planning to launch a new channel called 'Bom Tak' and another on YouTube which will show more belly-dancing. Many channels like al-Tet opened in Egypt after the 2011 uprising against Hosni Mubarak. Al-Tet now has channels in the U.S. and Canada and its owners is believed to be American. A spokesman for Egypt’s Muslim Brotherhood said the movement welcomed the court decision to shut down al-Tet. Abdel Haleem Behiry, the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice newspaper deputy editor-in-chief, said: 'The judicial system is one of the factors that can protect the society’s values, which both Muslims and Christians agree on.'
highlights: The court said it ordered the closure because it is operating without a licence . It also accused channel al-Tet of showing arousing adverts 24-hours a day . Director Baleegh Hamdy vows not to pull the plug on the channel .
id: fb8c21d01d67964e92a67b7cf030b20b5b80c731
chatgpt: Egyptian TV channel al-Tet has been ordered to shut down by the country's government because it is operating without a licence. The announcement comes after the country's media watchdog accused the channel of showing provocative and arousing adverts 24-hours a day.  In a statement released on Wednesday, the Supreme Council for Media Regulation said it had ordered the immediate suspension of al-Tet's licence. The regulator said that the channel's directors had been given several warnings about their programming, but had failed to make any changes.  The council said it was concerned that the channel's content was having a negative impact on society, particularly children and young people. The regulator added that its investigation uncovered adverts showing women in provocative clothing, and scenes that could be upsetting to viewers, including of animal slaughter.  Despite the decision, al-Tet's Director, Baleegh Hamdy, has vowed not to pull the plug on the channel. Speaking to local media, Hamdy said he believed the decision was politically motivated, and that he would fight the order.  "I will continue with the channel," he said. "We are not going to surrender to this unprecedented injustice. We will fight this decision politically and legally." The move to close al-Tet has been met with mixed reactions from Egyptians. Some have praised the government's actions, saying that the channel's content was unacceptable and inappropriate. Others have criticized the decision, saying that it is a violation of freedom of speech and expression.  The shutdown of al-Tet is the latest in a series of similar cases in Egypt over recent years. In 2019, several TV channels were shut down by the regulator for similar reasons.   The move comes as the country's government has been cracking down on dissent and opposition voices. There have been concerns that freedom of speech in Egypt is under threat, with many journalists and activists facing arrest and imprisonment.  For now, al-Tet remains on air, but its future is uncertain. Opposition voices are calling on the government to respect freedom of expression and to allow the channel to continue broadcasting. The situation is likely to develop in the coming days and weeks.