article: By . Mark Duell . and Will Stewart . and Harriet Hernando For Mailonline . A zoo held a hilarious competition to decide whether its male raccoon or his female companion was best at washing clothes – and the fairer sex won. The animals are famous for cleaning their food but the aim was to go one step further. A video of the stunt at Krasnoyarsk Zoo in Russia shows that ‘washing is definitely woman’s work’, reported The Siberian Times. Scroll down for video . Compared: Artem (right), the male raccoon, 'was full of determination to complete the task' and Masha (left) 'tried to get him out of the wash bowl by constantly biting his ears' Gnawed at the buttons: Artem patiently ignored the harassment, trying to keep his place at the washing tub . Washing: A triumphant Masha was left to continue on her own. She added water, sand and pebbles to help the cleaning process . ‘Artem, the male raccoon, was full of determination to complete the task, but in the end was disqualified for eating the buttons of the clothes. ‘Masha somehow knew this was women’s work and tried to get him out of the wash bowl by constantly biting his ears.’ Artem patiently ignored the harassment, trying to keep his place at the washing tub. Eventually he was forced to take a rag out of the bowl but then upset the judges by gnawing at the buttons. He was returned to his cage in disgrace, said reports of the bizarre contest to mark Raccoon Day on August 9. Racoons Masha and Artem 'wash' clothes at a zoo in Russia . Russian zoo: The animals are famous for cleaning their food but the aim was to go one step further . This left a triumphant Masha to continue on her own. She added water, sand and pebbles to help the cleaning process. Keeper . Ekaterina Mikhailiva explained: ‘Raccoons in their natural environment . rinse in water everything that comes into their paws. ‘In . the zoo they wash in the bowl even cottage cheese and buckwheat. So we . decided to hold a little competition between our raccoons Masha and . Artem.’
highlights: Krasnoyarsk Zoo in Russia showed 'washing is definitely woman's work' Artem, the male raccoon, 'was full of determination to complete the task' But 'in the end he was disqualified for eating the buttons of the clothes' Masha 'tried to get him out of wash bowl by constantly biting his ears'
id: 7fa52b3fcc6068e180b7aa0cd6dde18353407e37
chatgpt: The Krasnoyarsk Zoo in Russia recently hosted an unusual event - a washing competition between two raccoons. The event was designed to showcase the cleaning skills of these adorable animals, and it certainly didn't disappoint. Artem, the male raccoon, was determined to show that washing was not just a woman's work. He took to the task with fervor, attacking the clothes in the washbasin with zeal. He scrubbed and rubbed, showing that he was up for anything. However, things did not go according to plan for Artem. In the end, he was disqualified from the competition for eating the buttons of the clothes he was meant to be washing. This was a big blow to Artem, who had been so determined to prove his worth. But Artem was not the only raccoon to take part in the competition. Masha, a female raccoon, was also eager to show off her washing skills. She tried to get Artem out of the washbasin by constantly biting his ears, a move that proved both ineffective and amusing. Despite not completing the competition, Artem showed that raccoons are capable of impressive feats of cleanliness. Raccoons are known for their intelligence and dexterity, making them perfect for tasks such as washing. These animals are also fast learners, able to pick up new skills quickly and easily. The raccoon washing competition was just one of many events hosted by the Krasnoyarsk Zoo. The zoo is a popular tourist attraction in Russia, known for its diverse array of animals and engaging exhibits. The raccoon washing competition was a fun and entertaining way to showcase the abilities of these fascinating animals. In conclusion, the raccoon washing competition at the Krasnoyarsk Zoo was a great success, despite Artem's disqualification. It showed that raccoons are not just cute and furry, but also skilled and intelligent creatures that are capable of a wide range of tasks. We can only imagine what other events the Krasnoyarsk Zoo has in store for visitors in the future.