article: The World Health Organisation is investigating reports that ISIS militants have been showing up at an Iraqi hospital with Ebola. According to three media outlets an undisclosed number of militants displaying signs of the disease attended a hospital in the ISIS-held city of Mosul,  250 miles north of Baghdad. While the reports, from Kurdish and pro-Iraqi sources, remain unconfirmed, WHO spokesman Christy Feig said the group are trying to reach out to officials in ISIS-held areas to offer help. Infection: Several ISIS militants have arrived at a hospital in Mosul displaying signs of Ebola according to unconfirmed reports . UN workers are currently banned from entering ISIS-controlled areas in both Iraq and Syria so it is unlikely an operation in the region could  be carried out. Ms Feig told Mashable: 'We have no official notification from [the Iraqi government] that it is Ebola.' The symptoms of ebola are similar to those of other diseases including malaria and yellow fever . Mosul has been under control of ISIS since June 2014 and over the past few weeks militants have reportedly executed more than a dozen doctors for refusing to treat injured fighters. According to a report in Iraq's pro-government newspaper, al Sabaah, the disease was brought to Mosul by 'terrorists' arriving 'from several countries' and Africa. The symptoms of Ebola, which include nausea and vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding and bruising, are similar to those  of other diseases including malaria and yellow fever meaning it could easily have have been misdiagnosed. In addition, very few ISIS fighters are believed to have travelled up from West Africa where the Ebola outbreak originated with most coming from areas where there have been no reports of the disease. The reports have appeared in pro-government and Kurdish media but if true it could have catastrophic implications for people in ISIS-held areas as the group is against western science and medicine. It is not known if any of the surviving doctors in Mosul are equipped to test for Ebola or trained to treat patients and prevent the spread of the disease. ISIS fighters pictured in June 2014, when the extremist group swept through Iraq seizing territory including the city of Mosul . Yesterday the United States and its allies staged 29 air strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria and Iraq on Wednesday, the Combined Joint Task Force said. The action in Syria included 17 strikes near the cities of Al Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr and Kobani. A variety of Islamic State buildings, fighting positions and units were hit. In Iraq, 12 strikes targeted Islamic State buildings, fighting positions and units near the cities of Mosul, Fallujah and Sinjar. Fighters, bombs and remotely controlled aircraft were used.
highlights: Militants allegedly attended hospital in Mosul showing signs of disease . WHO spokesman said they are trying to 'reach out' to officials in ISIS areas . Disease reportedly brought to Mosul by 'terrorists from several countries' Extremist group said to have executed 11 Mosul doctors in past few weeks .
id: 0910348f3bb0c4b662241cde28af81e869faecec
chatgpt: Militants in Mosul have allegedly shown signs of a deadly disease, raising concerns about the spread of the illness in the war-torn region. According to reports, the disease is believed to have been brought to the area by "terrorists from several countries." The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that it is trying to reach out to officials in ISIS areas to address the issue. Speaking to the media, a WHO spokesperson said that the organization is "extremely concerned" about the disease and its potential impact on the inhabitants of the region. The extremist group is believed to have executed 11 doctors in Mosul in the past few weeks, which has significantly hampered efforts by health authorities to contain the disease. The doctors were reportedly executed because they refused to join the group, which has been imposing its strict interpretation of Islamic law in areas under its control. The situation in Mosul is further complicated by ongoing fighting between ISIS militants and Iraqi government forces, who have been attempting to recapture the city for over two years. The UN estimates that over 1 million people have been displaced by the fighting, and conditions in the city are dire. Basic services such as electricity, water, and medical care are scarce, and the threat of violence is ever-present. Despite these challenges, the WHO says that it is prepared to provide assistance to those in need. The organization has been working with local partners to deliver medical supplies and equipment to those affected by the disease, and has urged all parties in the conflict to allow for the safe passage of aid workers. The disease outbreak in Mosul is just the latest in a long list of health and humanitarian crises in conflict zones around the world. The WHO has repeatedly called for greater access to these areas to provide life-saving interventions, but has been hampered by a lack of resources and political will. As the fight against ISIS in Iraq continues, the situation in Mosul will undoubtedly remain a major challenge for the international community. With the threat of disease looming, urgent action is needed to ensure that those affected by the conflict receive the care and support they desperately need.