article: Dennis Eugene Emery, 57, cocked the gun, pointed it at the animal and then for some reason turned it around right as it fired, shooting himself in the face . A man accidentally shot himself dead while threatening to kill one of the family dogs during a heated argument with his wife at their home in Florida. Police say Dennis Eugene Emery, 57, cocked the gun, pointed it at the animal and then for some reason turned it around right as it fired, shooting himself in the face. He had been fighting with his wife Francisca and warned her that he would shoot one of their dogs in their Pinellas Park home, before producing the revolver. 'He was involved in a domestic disturbance with his wife,' Sergeant Adam Geissenberger of the Pinellas Park Police Department told Fox 13. 'During that disturbance he retrieves a firearm, he produces the firearm, and he threatens to shoot one of the family's animals.' 'It's a shame. It's a damn shame. I never figured him to be irresponsible with a handgun,' next door neighbor Dallas Collins said. Mr Collins told the news channel that Emery's wife owned 13 border collies, and the dogs' barking was a constant source of tension between the couple. According to the Tampa Bay Times, police said the argument started because Emery was upset as he could not find his lighter. He picked up a revolver and pulled back the hammer to emphasize his threat to shoot the animal. As he released the hammer while also turning the gun to his face, the revolver fired. Police said Emery had experienced 34 run-ins with the law since 2012. He was arrested three times in five days in October. Charges against him for aggravated assault, resisting arrest, and leaving the scene of a crash were pending at the time of his death. Investigators originally received conflicting reports over whether the shooting was unintentional or  suicide, but they now say they believe it to be an accident. Sgt Geissenberger added: 'Loss of life, regardless of the situation, is very tragic and now this family has to deal with the loss of a loved one very close to the holidays.'
highlights: Dennis Eugene Emery, 57, had been arguing with his wife at their home . He pointed the gun at the dog and then for some reason turned it as it fired . Neighbor said his wife had 13 dogs and their barking was source of tension . Police said Emery had experienced 34 run-ins with the law since 2012 .
id: a9430fa76c74d2b529f2798e9fe6cfab312cf761
chatgpt: In a tragic incident in Springfield, Missouri, 57-year-old Dennis Eugene Emery lost his life after a firearm that he was handling went off accidentally. The incident occurred on Thursday evening when Emery was arguing with his wife at their home. According to a neighbor, the couple had been experiencing tension due to the barking of their 13 dogs. The neighbor recounted that there had been several incidents in the past where the dogs had disturbed the peace of the neighborhood. On Thursday evening, the argument between Emery and his wife apparently escalated. Eyewitnesses say that Emery then pulled out his gun and pointed it at one of the dogs. For some unknown reason, he then turned the gun towards himself, and it discharged. Emery was rushed to the hospital but was pronounced dead soon after. The incident has left the community in shock and disbelief. Emery was known to be a troubled individual with a history of run-ins with the law. Springfield Police Department has revealed that Emery had been involved in 34 separate incidents with the law since 2012. The nature of Emery's crimes was not revealed, but it is clear that he had been in conflict with law enforcement for some time. The police department is currently investigating the incident to determine the exact circumstances of Emery's death. They have released a statement urging residents to handle firearms with care and to seek help if they feel overwhelmed by the stresses of their daily lives. The incident has once again highlighted the dangers associated with gun ownership. Firearms should always be handled with care and responsibility, and owners should be aware of the risks involved. As the community mourns the loss of Dennis Eugene Emery, the incident serves as a reminder that even a moment of carelessness can have fatal consequences.