article: By . Claire Bates . Last updated at 10:36 AM on 19th January 2012 . Tesco today found itself under siege from both sweet-toothed shoppers and horrified anti-obesity experts after slashing the price of chocolate bars to 20p. In a move to win back customers following a Christmas slump, the supermarket chain has slashed the price of . five-packs of Snickers, KitKat Chunky, Twix, Mars and Bounty to just . £1. The deal means each bar costs just 20p - while bars sold individually in the shop can cost up to 54p. One Tesco shopper struggles under the weight of bags of discounted chocolate . Shoppers have been seen leaving Tesco stores across the country with armfuls of the chocolate. However, health experts have criticised the move as promoting poor eating habits. ‘To have this kind of promotion at this time when obesity is such as . problem is frankly totally irresponsible,’ said National Obesity Forum . spokesman Tam Fry. But consumers seemed more concerned with snapping up a bargain. One woman was spotted leaving a Tesco Extra in Southampton, Hants, with . ten packs of Mars, which are normally on sale for 1.89 per pack. Helen Taylor, 42, said: 'My family and I are chocoholics so when I . spotted this deal I couldn't resist. These will keep us going for the . next few months. 'I saved nearly nine pounds on all of this.' The deal, which lasts until . the end of January, could be a spirited attempt to turn around a Christmas slump when takings fell by as much as 2.3 per cent. Share prices plummeted and nearly £5billion pounds wiped of the value of the company as a result. Financial expert Jasmine Birtles, who runs website moneymagpie.com, added: 'Potentially, this deal is a good thing. 'In this day and age thrift is the new bling - and this country is going . to be bargain crazy for the next two years as we recover. 'Bargains are the way to go but Tesco can't make it a one off. 'They should do deals like this regularly and the deals have to be real . to keep customers' trust.' Tesco has meanwhile defended their price-drop, saying they had also reduced the prices of ‘bread, meat, fish, fruit and vegetables.’
highlights: Five-packs of Snickers, KitKat Chunky, Twix, Mars and Bounty to sold for . £1 until end of January .
id: 2b2221c8f5de8ad04b829a9e9f37950fbd92798f
chatgpt: UK supermarkets are offering customers the chance to stock up on their favorite chocolate bars for a limited time. Five-packs of Snickers, KitKat Chunky, Twix, Mars and Bounty will be sold for just £1 until the end of January. The promotion comes as retailers are looking to entice shoppers in the post-Christmas lull. With consumers feeling the pinch after the festive season, retailers are hoping to drive sales with attractive deals on popular products. Major supermarket chains such as Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda and Morrisons have all signed up to the promotion, which is expected to generate a surge in footfall and customer spending. Shoppers are already taking advantage of the offer, with many sharing their excitement on social media. One Twitter user wrote: "This deal has made my day! Time to stock up on my faves." The promotion is part of a wider trend in the retail sector, which has seen brands and retailers battling for customer attention with attractive discounts and promotions. Retail analysts say that retailers are under pressure to drive sales amid growing competition from online retailers, which offer consumers the convenience of shopping from home. However, the chocolate promotion is seen as a particularly effective way of driving store traffic, as chocolate bars are an impulse purchase for many consumers. "Chocolate is a universal treat that everyone loves," said retail analyst Laura Weeks. "By offering discounted multipacks, supermarkets are encouraging customers to buy in bulk while also tempting them to buy more than they initially intended." The promotion is also expected to benefit chocolate manufacturers, who are keen to increase sales at a time when consumers are tightening their belts. Companies such as Mars, Nestle and Cadbury have invested heavily in marketing and advertising in recent years, in an effort to maintain market share in a competitive sector. Despite concerns about the impact of chocolate on health, chocolate consumption remains high, with the average UK resident consuming around 8.4 kg of chocolate per year. The promotion is set to run until the end of January, with stock expected to sell out quickly. Retailers are advising customers to get in early to avoid disappointment.