article: A bored New York teacher has been quizzed by police after  asking his wife to call in a bomb threat to save him from a school meeting. The man, whose first name is Eric, was sitting in a morning meeting at Renaissance Charter High School in East Harlem when he sent a text to his partner. In the message, he jokingly asked her to call in a bomb threat so he could escape from the monotonous event, which sees teachers run through the day's activities. School: A bored teacher at Renaissance Charter High School (pictured) in East Harlem, New York, has been quizzed by police after asking his wife to call in a bomb threat so he could escape from a school meeting . He told her: 'Call in a bomb threat.' before sending another text reading 'haha', NYPD sources told the New York Post. However, his wife failed to read the second message and contacted the police, informing them there had been a bomb threat at the school. After hanging up, she suddenly noticed her husband's 'haha' and tried to warn officers that it had been a joke - but it was too late. Minutes later, eight uniformed officers turned up at the school, which shares a building with three other charter institutions at 410 East 100th Street, where they startled staff. Response: Eight NYPD uniformed officers turned up at the school, where they startled staff. They quizzed Eric for 'some time', before leaving the site without performing a search or making any arrests (file picture) School executive director, Stephen Falla Riff, said: 'They tell us that a bomb threat has been called in. We hadn’t heard anything about that.' Officers then quizzed Eric for 'some time', before leaving the school without performing a search or making any arrests. 'The NYPD was satisfied it was a joke,' Mr Falla Riff said. 'If they thought there was any doubt whatsoever, my guess is that he would be in cuffs right now.' He added that any decision as to whether Eric should be reprimanded would be made on Monday.
highlights: Man, whose first name is Eric, sent text to wife during morning meeting . In message, he joking asked her to call in bomb threat to let him escape . He said: 'Call in bomb threat', before sending another text saying 'haha' However, wife failed to read second message and contacted the NYPD . Eight uniformed officers turned up at school, before questioning teacher . They later left the site without performing search or making any arrests .
id: 175ae945bd41112020f867fe20958a83a752722e
chatgpt: A New York City school was briefly disrupted on Tuesday morning after a man sent a text message to his wife, asking her to call in a bomb threat so he could escape from a meeting he was attending. According to sources, the man - whose first name is Eric - sent the text around 9:30 am, while he was in a meeting at the school. In the message, Eric jokingly asked his wife to call in a bomb threat, saying "Call in a bomb threat" before sending another text saying "haha." However, his wife failed to read the second message and promptly contacted the New York Police Department (NYPD), who responded quickly to the call. Within minutes, eight uniformed officers turned up at the school, located in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn. Upon their arrival, the officers questioned Eric, who explained the situation and showed them the text messages he had sent to his wife. The officers then left the site without performing any searches or making any arrests. A spokesperson for the NYPD said that while the incident caused some disruption, there was never any actual threat to the school or its students. "We take all such incidents very seriously and respond with an abundance of caution," the spokesperson said in a statement. The incident has since been the talk of the school and surrounding community, with many expressing shock and disbelief at the man's actions. Some have criticized the man for his careless joke, while others have defended him as simply trying to find a way out of a boring meeting. The school administration has not yet commented on the incident, but it is expected that Eric may face disciplinary action for his actions. The incident also serves as a reminder of the serious consequences that can come from making such jokes, especially in light of recent events around the country. Law enforcement agencies have been increasingly vigilant in their response to bomb threats and other potential acts of terror, and even a simple text message can result in a major disruption and investigation. As for Eric, he is likely to think twice before making such jokes in the future. His harmless text message ended up causing a major disturbance, but fortunately, there was no actual danger or harm caused to anyone involved.