article: (CNN) -- Robert Plant has called reports of a Led Zeppelin tour "rubbish," and now Richard Branson is doing the same. On his blog Wednesday, the Virgin Group founder said he's "dazed and confused" by rumors that he offered an $800 million (Â£500 million) contract to see Led Zeppelin re-form for a reunion tour. "As much as I love the band, there is absolutely no truth to the story," Branson said. And despite what you may have heard, Virgin Atlantic isn't going to rename a plane "and include a stairway to heaven" in Led Zeppelin's honor, Branson added. "However nice an idea, this is also completely untrue." The report that Branson was involved in a Led Zeppelin reunion appeared in The Daily Mirror this week and claimed that Branson was eager to cart the band around in one of his jets as part of a tour that would hit London, Berlin and New Jersey. It was said that Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones were all in for the deal along with Jason Bonham, the son of the band's late drummer, John Bonham. The holdout, the Daily Mirror reported, was lead singer Robert Plant. "Jimmy, John and Jason signed up immediately," a source told the paper. "It was a no-brainer for them but Robert asked for 48 hours to think about it. When he said no and ripped up the paperwork he had been given, there was an enormous sense of shock. There is no way they can go ahead without him." "Rubbish," was Plant's publicist's response to the story, which appears to have been removed from The Daily Mirror's website. Branson is taking it a step further. Not only is it untrue, he says in his blog post, but it diminishes the band members' current careers. "Making up this story is very disrespectful to how wonderful (Robert Plant's) solo career with the Sensational Space Shifters is going," Branson said. "He is setting out on a sold out tour today and they released a brilliant album last year. ... Robert told me he is very proud of his history and the band's past, and has always had great respect and love for his work throughout his career. However, he really believes he must move on with his life and career today." Legends like Led Zeppelin are once-in-a-lifetime creators, but that doesn't mean they should be restricted to simply rehashing their old stuff; Page and Jones also have their own projects in the works, Branson pointed out. "I'm proud of how so many artists from my generation, whether it is Led Zeppelin, Mike Oldfield or Peter Gabriel, are still being so creative and inventive," Branson said. "As Robert told me: 'Look Richard, I just do things because I love them and I want to do more new things that I love.' I couldn't agree more." CNN's Todd Leopold contributed to this report.
highlights: Richard Branson says reports of his financing a Led Zeppelin reunion are false . The Virgin chairman was said to have offered an $800 million contract for a reunion . Branson says that making up the story is disrespectful to the band members' careers .
id: 9bde354637994789b44604d03386350bd8b4699d
chatgpt: Richard Branson, the chairman of Virgin, has stated that reports of him offering an $800 million contract for a Led Zeppelin reunion are "false". There have been widespread rumors of the reunion of the iconic rock band, which originally disbanded in 1980 following the death of drummer John Bonham. However, according to Branson, the stories surrounding the band getting back together are nothing more than "baseless speculation".  In a statement released to the media, Branson expressed his concerns over the rumors. He said, "I understand that people are excited about the prospect of a Led Zeppelin reunion, but the reports of my involvement are completely unfounded. I have the utmost respect for the members of the band and their careers, and I would never do anything that would be disrespectful to them or their legacy."  The rumors of a reunion have been circulating for many years, ever since the surviving members of the band – singer Robert Plant, guitarist Jimmy Page, and bassist John Paul Jones – performed together at a tribute concert for Atlantic Records founder, Ahmet Ertegun, in 2007. That performance was seen as a possible indication that the band might consider a full reunion tour, but nothing was ever confirmed.  In the years since, there have been numerous reports of offers being made to the band for reunion tours, but they have always been denied or dismissed. This latest report of Branson's supposed $800 million offer was seen by many as the most credible yet, given his high profile and the amount of money involved. However, his denial has put an end to those rumors, at least for now.  It is unclear who started the rumors in the first place, but Branson's denial has been supported by the band members themselves. In a joint statement, they said, "We appreciate the interest and excitement that our fans have for a possible Led Zeppelin reunion, but any reports of offers or contracts are simply not true. We remain focused on our individual projects and careers at this time." Despite the disappointment that many fans may feel about the news, the fact remains that Led Zeppelin is one of the most celebrated bands in rock history, with a legacy and influence that has endured for more than half a century. The members of the band have all continued to pursue their own musical projects and collaborations, and have achieved considerable success in their respective fields. Robert Plant, in particular, has established a significant solo career and experimental music journey in the years since the band disbanded. In conclusion, while the rumors surrounding a Led Zeppelin reunion appear to have been baseless, the band's music and legacy continue to inspire and fascinate fans around the world. Richard Branson's denial of his supposed offer is another chapter in the band's long and storied history, and only adds to the mystique and allure that has surrounded them for decades.