article: By . John Drayton . Arsenal's squad contains players from almost all corners of the globe, but it hasn't taken long for some of their key players to adapt to their London surroundings. The likes of Mesut Ozil and Mikel Arteta have been fairly new arrivals in the last few years, but they appear to have picked up a rather peculiar London accent at the club's new kit launch. VIDEO Scroll down to see Arsenal launch new kit on the River Thames . 'Apples and pears' - stairs . 'Trouble and strife' - wife . 'Adam and Eve' - believe . 'Butchers hook' - look . 'Barnet Fair' - hair . 'Dog and bone' - phone . 'Beans on toast' - post . Or make that a strong one. Along with Aaron Ramsey the duo appear to have either developed an incredible knack of impersonating accents or there's been some dubbing work done in Arsenal's media department. Either way, it's hilarious to listen to and it would be incredibly disappointing not to hear any of them maintain the regional touch to any interviews over the next season. More worryingly for Arsenal fans though is what has happened to Olivier Giroud, with the club's striker seemingly having undergone reverse puberty and gain the vocal chords of a child. Three is the magic number: Arsenal have released three new kits for the upcoming season . New era: Puma have taken over supplying Arsenal's kit after Nike ended their association with the Gunners after 20 years . VIDEO Arsenal launch new kit on the River Thames . As long as the France hitman continues to fire in the goals, Arsenal fans won't care too much, but which accent will new £30m signing Alexis Sanchez adopt? Arsenal legends also get in on the act, with Charlie George, Michael Thomas and Thierry Henry featuring as the voices for Jack Wilshere, Tomas Rosicky and Santi Cazorla respectively. There could be an answer as to where the London lessons have come from, though. Actor Ray Winstone is a prime suspect but former midfielder Ray Parlour has taught Lukas Podolski a few rhyming slang words in the past. Arsenal's players having a voice identity crisis coincides with the release of three new Gunners strips ahead of the new season by new kit suppliers Puma, who have taken over from Nike.
highlights: Arsenal trio adopt cockney twang for new Puma kit launch . Olivier Giroud given child's voice promoting cup kit release for 2014/15 . Jack Wilshere, Tomas Rosicky and Santi Cazorla also given voices of Charlie George, Michael Thomas and Thierry Henry .
id: a781d69f1efdca130fbf50a2095e3acdab96231e
chatgpt: The Emirates Stadium was buzzing with excitement as Arsenal launched their new Puma kit for the start of the 2014/15 season. But what really captured the attention of the crowd was the introduction of a new feature for the launch - the Arsenal trio adopting cockney accents for their promo videos. Olivier Giroud, the French striker, was given a child's voice to promote the cup kit release. Fans were left in hysterics as the 6'4" player appeared on screen with a voice more suited to a 6-year-old. His endearing accent added an element of fun and warmth to the event, making it a memorable experience for everyone involved. Jack Wilshere, Tomas Rosicky and Santi Cazorla also got in on the fun, with their voices being replaced by those of club legends Charlie George, Michael Thomas and Thierry Henry. Each player perfectly embodied their respective club hero, with Wilshere taking on George's iconic growl, Rosicky mimicking Thomas' smooth tone and Cazorla adopting Henry's suavity. The decision to incorporate this element into the launch was made by Puma, who were keen to make the event more engaging for fans. The idea was a huge success, with fans taking to social media to share their delight at the Arsenal trio's unexpected new voices. In an interview after the launch, Giroud admitted that it had been a lot of fun to play a child version of himself, but he was relieved to have his normal voice back. Wilshere, on the other hand, revealed that he had been secretly practicing George's famous growl for days, and was thrilled to have the chance to show it off. Puma's marketing director, Bjorn Gulden, spoke about how important it was to make the event stand out in a crowded field of kit releases. "We wanted to create something special for Arsenal fans," he said. "These are the voices of their heroes, and we hope that they will get a kick out of hearing them come out of our players." The new Arsenal Puma kit is already proving to be a hit with fans, with pre-orders soaring in the days since the launch. But it will be the memory of the Arsenal trio's cockney voices that will be talked about for years to come.