article: The powers of recovery which have helped keep Kell Brook undefeated through more than 30 professional fights on his climb to world champion status have been revealed as even more special by the announcement that he will return to the ring on March 28. Brook needed 34 staples in a deep, vicious leg-wound after being stabbed on holiday following his winning of the IBF world welterweight belt from America's Shawn Porter. There were fears that the injury might be career-threatening, but Brook will be ready in just nine weeks to defend that title in his home town of Sheffield - Special K indeed. Kell Brook will return to the ring on March 28 after he was stabbed in the leg while on holiday in Tenerife . Brook said he was the 'victim of an unprovoked attack' when on holiday in Tenerife in September . His challenger will be named this Thursday and is expected to one of two Canadian-based boxers, No 1 contender Jo Jo Dan or the more lowly ranked Andonin Decarie. A statement from Brook's promoter, Matchroom, read: 'Kell Brook will make the first defence of his IBF World Welterweight title on March 28 at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield.' Brook improved his career record to 33-0 when he beat Porter by majority decision in California, but less than a month later, he was in hospital after an incident that left him fearing for his career and even his life. The 28-year-old said he was the 'victim of an unprovoked attack' in the early hours of September 4, when a conversation between himself and his attacker in the assailant's apartment, following an evening of drinking, turned sour. Brook won the IBF world welterweight title when he beat Shawn Porter in Los Angeles in August . Brook will defend his world title against an opponent that has not yet been named in Sheffield . Brook lost a lot of blood and had no feeling in the affected area, but has recovered sufficiently to line up a title defence. He was aiming high in terms of opponents as he began the recovery process, claiming: 'Believe me, I will get better and then I'll smash Amir Khan. 'The dream scenario would then be to fight Floyd Mayweather. I'm a young lion and I believe I can be one of the greats.' Kell Brook's first world title defence will be televised live on Sky Sports on March 28.
highlights: Kell Brook will return to the ring for the first time since being stabbed . The Sheffield boxer was stabbed in the leg while on holiday in Tenerife . Brook will fight on March 28 in his home town of Sheffield . Opponent has not yet been named for Brook's world title defence . Brook won the world welterweight title against Shawn Porter last year .
id: fc30eb31b79281407167d44ec50b6863879f3cf8
chatgpt: Sheffield boxer Kell Brook is set to return to the ring on March 28 in his hometown after nearly two years since being stabbed in the leg while on holiday in Tenerife. This will be Brook's first fight since he lost his world welterweight title after a defeat to Errol Spence Jr. in May 2017. The 33-year-old boxer is expected to fight a world title defence, however, the opponent has not yet been named. Brook won the IBF welterweight title in 2014 after defeating American Shawn Porter and retained his title after a gruelling fight against Canadian boxer Kevin Bizier in 2016. Brook became a household name for his skills in the ring and his fights against other champions like Gennadiy Golovkin. After being stabbed in the leg, Brook suffered a setback and was pulled from his title defence against Diego Chaves. Following his recovery, he entered the ring against Spence but was defeated in an 11th round stoppage. Now, Brook looks to make a comeback and has been training hard for his return to the ring. He is determined to bounce back from his losses and prove that he is still a formidable force in the boxing world. "I'm delighted to be back fighting in my hometown of Sheffield. It's been a long road to recovery and I'm finally there. I'm looking forward to putting on a show for all of my fans," said Brook. Many boxing fans are excited to see Brook back in action and are curious to see who his opponent will be. Some speculate a possible rematch with Golovkin, a fight that many felt Brook took on too soon in his career. Brook's trainer, Dominic Ingle, believes that the boxer is ready for his return to the ring and is in excellent shape. "Kell's been working hard in training and he looks sharp. We're confident that he will come out on top in his next fight and we're excited to see what the future holds," said Ingle. The March 28 fight will take place at the Sheffield Arena and is expected to be a sell-out event. Boxing fans are eagerly anticipating Brook's return and are excited to see the former world champion back in action.