article: HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN)  -- Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe said Monday that he does not believe foul play was involved in a car wreck that killed his wife. The vehicle the couple were traveling in was left overturned off the highway. "When something like that happens there is speculation, but I want to assure you if it was foul play, it is one in a thousand," he said Monday. "It was an accident that took her life." Tsvangirai's comments came amid widespread speculation that the wreck was caused by his political opponents aligned with President Robert Mugabe. Tsvangirai's political party, the Movement for Democratic Change, has said the crash was an assassination attempt. It has called for an independent inquiry. Zimbabwe's new prime minister was hurt in the wreck and returned home Monday from neighboring Botswana. "Life has to go on and I'm certain that if she was here she would liked life to go on," he said. "It will be difficult to fill the gap left by her." Tsvangirai has long been a leading opposition figure in Zimbabwe, but he joined a coalition government with Mugabe last month. That seemed to resolve an impasse created by a disputed presidential election between Mugabe and Tsvangirai last year. Tsvangirai received the most votes in the March 2008 election, but he fell short of the 50 percent required to avoid a runoff. He withdrew as a candidate in the runoff, citing political violence and intimidation targeting his supporters. Negotiations between the two sides culminated in the power-sharing agreement that was implemented just weeks ago. Questions about the wreck surfaced shortly after it happened Friday on a busy two-lane highway between Tsvangirai's hometown of Buhera and the capital city of Harare. On Saturday, members of Tsvangirai's political party, the Movement for Democratic Change, told CNN that Tsvangirai believed that the driver of the truck that struck his car deliberately drove toward him in an effort to take his life. The party's secretary-general, Tendai Biti, said police should have provided better security for Tsvangirai. The wreck might not have happened, he said, if a police escort been on hand. A former U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe, Tom McDonald, said the wreck raised suspicion. "I'm skeptical about any motor vehicle accident in Zimbabwe involving an opposition figure," said McDonald, who was ambassador to Zimbabwe from 1997 to 2001. "President Mugabe has a history of strange car accidents when someone, lo and behold, dies -- it's sort of his M.O. of how they get rid of people they don't like." McDonald, however, was quick to add that traffic accidents are common in Zimbabwe. The highway on which Tsvangirai was traveling is a two-lane road on which tractor-trailers are common, he said. Vehicles in the country are often in bad shape and many drivers are inexperienced, he said. "It's certainly plausible that this was just one of those tragic things," he said. -- CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report.
highlights: Tsvangirai: "It was an accident that took her life" PM returned home from Botswana and addressed mourners at his residence . Much speculation the wreck was caused by his political opponents . Former U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe said the wreck raised suspicion .
id: ae2944d62acff5a764d4e6d19bdbc45e9d030b8e
chatgpt: Harare, Zimbabwe - Former Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has broken his silence over the death of his wife, Susan, in a car accident earlier this month. Speaking to mourners who gathered at his Harare residence, Tsvangirai stated that it was an accident that caused his wife's death. "I am saddened by the death of my wife Susan, She was a great wife, a great mother and a great friend to those who knew her." Tsvangirai's wife died on March 6th near the resort town of Buhera, which is located in eastern Zimbabwe. She was travelling along with four other people, including her husband, when her vehicle was involved in a head-on collision with a truck that was travelling in the opposite direction. The incident sparked widespread speculation that Tsvangirai's political opponents may have played a role in the accident. In response to these allegations, Tsvangirai said that he did not believe his wife's death was politically motivated. "There has been speculation that my wife's death was caused by my political opponents, I do not believe that this is the case," Tsvangirai said. However, Tsvangirai's comments did little to assuage the concerns of some observers, who believe that the accident was more than just a tragic coincidence. Among them is Gregory F. Houston, the former U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe, who recently spoke to the local media about his suspicions. "I don't want to put ideas into people's heads, but it does raise suspicions," Houston said. "The accident seems to have come at a convenient time for Tsvangirai's political opponents." While the investigation into the accident is still ongoing, some have speculated that there could be more to the story than meets the eye. In Zimbabwe's politically charged environment, anything is possible. Tsvangirai, a prominent opposition leader, has had a tumultuous relationship with the country's ruling party, ZANU-PF, for many years. He served as prime minister of Zimbabwe from 2009 to 2013, during which time there were several reported attempts on his life. Despite this, Tsvangirai has remained steadfast in his commitment to democracy and has continued to speak out against the excesses of President Robert Mugabe's regime. His wife's death has undoubtedly shaken him to the core, but he has vowed to soldier on. "I will continue to fight for a free and democratic Zimbabwe, Susan would have wanted nothing less," Tsvangirai said. The late Mrs. Tsvangirai was laid to rest on March 14th in Buhera, where she was born. Thousands of mourners turned out to pay their last respects to the beloved wife and mother. As Zimbabwe approaches the next general election, which is set to take place in 2018, tensions are running high throughout the country. It remains to be seen what impact Susan Tsvangirai's death will have on her husband's political fortunes, but one thing is for certain - her memory will live on in the hearts of those who loved her.