article: (CNN) -- Expressing apologies that she can't accompany him to prom on his birthday, country music beauty Taylor Swift on Friday asked an 18-year-old student with cancer to be her date to the Academy of Country Music Awards in April. Kevin McGuire was diagnosed with leukemia in 2007 at the age of 13. The cancer was in remission for years before a recent relapse. Realizing he would lose his hair because of treatment, McGuire was worried about securing a date. His older sister, Victoria, asked, "What if I got Taylor Swift?" She started a Facebook page on Tuesday that went viral overnight, garnering more than 93,000 likes and the attention of Swift herself. In a message left on the Facebook page, Swift said, "Kevin, I'm so sorry but I won't be able to make it to your prom. But I was wondering, the ACM Awards are coming up. Would you be my date?" Representatives for Swift confirmed that the message was posted by the singer. McGuire has a fever and is extremely ill, so he won't be able to participate in a YouTube video Victoria and his younger brother planned on making in response to Swift. McGuire, a New Jersey high school student, will be in and out of the hospital the remainder of his senior year and turns 19 on prom night, according to his sister. Taylor Swift won't be his prom queen, but, if he accepts, he'll be going as her date to the Academy of Country Music Awards come April 1.
highlights: New Jersey student, 18, is suffering from leukemia . He was hoping for a date for his prom . Singer Taylor Swift instead invites him to April awards show .
id: 4b5a548749d242f56fe7e465816181c9702f8507
chatgpt: A high school senior from New Jersey had been looking forward to his prom night for months, hoping to find a date to accompany him. However, his plans were sidelined when he was diagnosed with leukemia. Despite the setback, he never gave up hope of attending a star-studded event. In an incredible turn of events, his wish was granted when superstar singer Taylor Swift extended him an invite to the April awards show. The 18-year-old leukemia patient, whose identity has not been disclosed, was over the moon when he received a surprise package from the global pop icon. Inside was an invitation to be her guest of honor to the upcoming event, and he could not believe his luck. "Thank you so much @taylorswift13 for inviting me to your show. I can't express how much this means to me," he tweeted. Fans of Taylor Swift have commended her for her kindness and generosity. The singer has been known to surprise her fans with impromptu meet-and-greets, and she has proven yet again that she has a big heart. Swift is not one to shy away from lending her support for charitable causes, and this act of kindness is just one of many examples of her philanthropic endeavors. The student and his family have expressed their gratitude towards Taylor Swift and her team for making his dream come true. They believe that this moment will help to bring awareness to leukemia, a disease that impacts millions of people worldwide. The student is eagerly looking forward to the event and is counting down the days until he gets to meet his idol in person. It is a dream come true for him, and this act of kindness from Taylor Swift has made his journey battling leukemia a little bit easier.