article: By . Rob Waugh . PUBLISHED: . 11:01 EST, 20 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:36 EST, 20 March 2012 . The first camera that can see round corners has been shown off by MIT researchers. People lurking behind a wall - or buried after an earthquake - can clearly be seen in 3D using the camera, which fires ultrafast laser pulses at walls 'behind' the area that can't be seen, to capture a ghostly 3D reflection. Scroll down for video . The camera 'bounces' ultrafast laser pulses off a wall behind a hidden subject - and computers inside 'rebuild' the information into a 3D image of what's hidden . The technique is similar to using a mirror to see round a corner - but instead of a mirror, the 'reflection' is reconstructed from laser light that scatters back off a wall. The camera 'times' the beams of light as . they bounce back to its sensors, and builds an image, which is slightly . wobbly, but precise to ranges of just one centimetre. Ramesh Raskar and colleagues used ultrafast pulsed lasers in the research published in Nature Communications - the incredibly rapid laser bursts allow them to time the light as it 'returns' to the camera, building a 3D model. The system performs the procedure several times, bouncing light off several different spots on the wall, so that it enters the room at several different angles. The detector, too, measures the returning light at different angles. By comparing the times at which returning light strikes different parts of the detector, the system can piece together a picture of the room. 'Four years ago, when I talked to people in ultrafast optics about using femtosecond lasers for room-sized scenes, they said it was totally ridiculous,' says Ramesh Raskar, an associate professor at the MIT Media Lab, who led the new research. The team use repeated laser bursts to build a 3D image of the 'hidden areas' of rooms . Raska hopes that a future version of the system could be used by emergency responders - firefighters looking for people in burning buildings or police determining whether rooms are safe to enter - or by vehicle navigation systems, which could bounce light off the ground to look around blind corners.
highlights: Could be used for car navigation systems that 'see' round blind corners . Ultrafast laser pulses used to build 3D image of hidden areas . MIT team hopes system will be used by police and firefighters .
id: 028cfc88f1a4f7b9e0e2e33025a06b9241ec80ab
chatgpt: Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) have developed a system that could help police officers and firefighters "see" around corners from a safe distance. The system uses ultrafast laser pulses to construct a 3D image of hidden areas that cannot be seen using traditional methods. This technology has the potential to be used in car navigation systems, improving driver safety by helping them see around blind corners. The system, called LaserPulse, works by firing ultrafast laser pulses at a reflective surface near the area being observed. A portion of these pulses bounce back, where they are captured by a camera and recorded, creating a high-speed video of the light's journey. The data from the recorded video is then analysed by a computer to construct 3D images of the hidden area. To demonstrate the system's usefulness, the researchers conducted a series of experiments. They used LaserPulse to observe a room through an open door, around a corner, and behind a wooden panel. The system was able to generate a complete and highly detailed 3D representation of the area being observed, including people and objects. The researchers hope that this new technology will be used by emergency responders, such as police officers and firefighters, to survey dangerous situations from a safe distance. For example, firefighters could use LaserPulse to examine a building's interior for hotspots and trapped victims before entering. Police officers could use the technology to identify threats and plan their approach to a building or area. The technology also has potential uses in the automotive industry. Cars equipped with LaserPulse could effectively "see" around blind corners, improving driver safety by providing real-time information about the area ahead. In addition, it could help autonomous vehicles navigate difficult areas where traditional mapping systems fall short. The development of LaserPulse represents a significant breakthrough in the field of remote sensing. The use of ultrafast laser pulses to research hidden areas could revolutionize how we see the world around us. The technology is not yet available commercially, but the researchers hope to continue refining it to bring it to market in the near future.