article: By . Sami Mokbel . Follow @@SamiMokbel81_DM . Ravel Morrison could be handed a route back into West Ham's first-team fold next season to help Sam Allardyce's pursuit of sexy football. But uncertainty over his contractual situation is threatening plans to re-integrate the England Under-21 star back into the Hammers first-team fold. Allardyce has kept his job at Upton Park despite being under immense pressure from fans over what they perceive as his negative tactics. Back in town? Ravel Morrison could return to West Ham next season after being shipped out on loan . The former Bolton boss has been told his side must play more entertaining football next season and secure a top 10 finish. There is a feeling among the West Ham hierarchy that Morrison's attacking talents can help Allardyce achieve his targets next season. Morrison's early season displays for the Hammers last season put the forward on the cusp of the senior England squad. But after falling out of favour with Allardyce the former Manchester United man was sent out on-loan to Queens Park Rangers - much to the surprise of Hammers fans given he was arguably the club's most potent and entertaining player. However, there is a willingness from some at Upton Park for Morrison to be back involved with the West Ham first team next season given his attacking ability. Morrison's future at Upton Park, though, will depend on the outcome of summer contract talks. He has just 12 months left on his current deal - and if the club cannot agree a new contract then they will look to cash in on Morrison to avoid losing him on a Bosman next summer. Clinging on! Sam Allardyce has been given a stay of execution by the West Ham board this week . Worth the ticket alone! Morrison has the technique to excite supporters in east London next season . In addition, Morrison's relationship with Allardyce is likely to need some repair work ahead of the forward's possible return. Sportsmail sources have indicated that the 21-year-old's bond with Allardyce deteriorated in the weeks leading up to his loan move to QPR. Rangers boss Harry Redknapp could look to pounce on the uncertainty surrounding Morrison's future by making a permanent move for the forward should they win promotion to the Barclays Premier League. Likewise, Manchester City, who considered a move for Morrison in January, may look to the forward in their attempts to improve their homegrown quota for next season.
highlights: Midfielder was shipped out on loan to Queens Park Rangers . Allardyce clung on to his job at Upton Park this week . Morrison has the flair for the boss to win over supporters . But his relationship with Allardyce has deteriorated .
id: e529ab83f1549a2df0b239fd666d5f7fe18da63e
chatgpt: West Ham United midfielder, Ravel Morrison has been shipped out on loan to Queens Park Rangers for the remainder of the season. Morrison's talent has never been in doubt, but his relationship with West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has deteriorated, and this has ultimately led to his departure on loan. Sam Allardyce is currently clinging on to his job at Upton Park, despite a run of poor results that have seen the Hammers slip down the Premier League table. However, it seems that Allardyce has not been able to find common ground with Morrison, despite the latter's undeniable talent. Morrison's move to QPR represents a fresh start for the young midfielder. The R's have been chasing Morrison for some time, and they will be hopeful that they can unlock the midfielder's potential during his loan spell. Morrison is widely regarded as one of the most talented young players in England, with a flair and creativity that many believe could make him a star at the highest level. However, his off-field issues have often overshadowed his talent, and it remains to be seen whether he can fulfil his potential at QPR. Rangers boss Harry Redknapp will certainly be pleased to have secured Morrison's services. Redknapp is known for his ability to get the best out of talented players, and he will be hoping that he can do the same with Morrison. Indeed, Morrison's arrival at QPR could be a real boost for the club. The R's have been struggling in the Championship this season, and they will be hoping that Morrison can provide the spark that they need to climb up the table. For Allardyce, however, the departure of Morrison will be something of a blow. The West Ham boss is under increasing pressure from fans and pundits alike, and the loss of such a talented player is unlikely to improve his standing with the club's supporters. Ultimately, it seems that the relationship between Allardyce and Morrison has become irreparable. The Hammers will now have to focus on the remainder of the season without the mercurial midfielder, while QPR will be hoping that they can help Morrison to fulfil his undoubted potential during his loan spell at Loftus Road.