article: (CNN) -- Australian wonder mare Black Caviar extended her unbeaten streak to 25 races in some style on Saturday, blowing away her rivals in the TJ Smith Stakes at Sydney's Randwick Racecourse. Her 25th victory was also her 15th at the sports highest level, overtaking the mark of 14 Group 1 wins set by the legendary Kingston Town in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It was in 2011 that Black Caviar posted what many consider her greatest-ever performance in this very race, beating Hay List by three lengths after trailing him by the same distance coming into the home straight. On this occasion no such heroics were required. Facing one of her toughest-ever fields, including her old foe Hay List, admittedly not the force he once was, and the in-form Bel Sprinter, Black Caviar's regular rider Luke Nolen had to jockey for position in the early stages as he sought to overcome an unfavorable inside draw. The decisive move came around 300 meters out, when Nolen guided her away from the softer ground by the rail and settled her behind the leaders towards the middle of the track. From there, all Nolen had to do was pull the pin and the six-year-old instantly responded, lengthening away from the rest of the field with her to claim her eight consecutive Group 1 win. All day Sydneysiders had celebrated the presence of one of Australia's most popular sporting heroes. Flags in her trademark salmon and black colors fluttered over Sydney's iconic harbor, while the capacity crowd ensured Randwick Racecourse was filled the rafters. Speaking after the race, Black Caviar's trainer Peter Moody praised the crowd, adding that he was "extremely proud" of his mare for breaking Kingston Town's record. As Black Caviar was cheered on her way back to the winners' enclosure her jockey noted, "You can see what she means to racing. To be part of that -- words escape me." With Black Caviar's form seemingly better than ever despite her age, her connections have hinted that a return to Royal Ascot, scene of her narrowest-ever victory, may be on the cards later this summer before a rendezvous with Frankel in the breeding shed in what would surely be considered the racing world's own royal wedding.
highlights: Black Caviar wins 25th straight race on Saturday in Sydney -- 15th straight at highest level . Jockey on Black Caviar: "You can see what she means to racing. To be part of that -- words escape me." Black Caviar's connections hint that a return to Royal Ascot may be on the cards this summer .
id: 04bf89ac9becf776141da980f56cf3235763967e
chatgpt: Australia's unbeatable champion, Black Caviar, won her 25th consecutive race on Saturday in Sydney, retaining her perfect record. It was also her 15th straight win at the highest level, which is a remarkable achievement in horse racing. The crowd was thrilled as the mare exhibited her trademark blistering speed and crossed the finish line first. Luke Nolen, who has ridden Black Caviar in all but two of her races, expressed his awe of the mare's legacy. "You can see what she means to racing. To be part of that, words escape me," said Nolen. It was an emotional moment for the jockey, who has been part of Black Caviar's success story from the very beginning. Black Caviar's connections have hinted that she could return to Royal Ascot this summer, where she made international headlines by winning the Diamond Jubilee Stakes in 2012. The Queen knows all about Black Caviar and gave the mare a standing ovation when she ran at the prestigious British meet. The Australian mare has already become a legend, and a win at Royal Ascot would add to her already impressive reputation. Black Caviar's trainer, Peter Moody, was pleased with the mare's performance on Saturday and hinted at the possibility of a Royal Ascot journey. "It's definitely an option," he said. "But we need to consider a few things before we make a final decision." He added that Black Caviar would be carefully monitored over the next few weeks to ensure that she remained in good shape. If everything went well, the mare would be "an exciting addition to the Royal Ascot field," Moody said. Royal Ascot is considered to be one of the most challenging races in the world, but Black Caviar has already proven herself capable of mastering the track. The pressure would be on the Australian mare to replicate her past successes, and the stakes would be high. But if anyone can rise to the occasion, it is Black Caviar. For now, Black Caviar's owners and trainers can bask in the glory of another stunning victory. The mare's unbeaten record remains intact, and there is no telling how far she could go. Whether she returns to Royal Ascot or not, Black Caviar will always be remembered as one of the greatest racehorses of all time, leaving behind an inspiring legacy that will continue to inspire generations.