article: By . Simon Tomlinson . PUBLISHED: . 06:12 EST, 12 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:10 EST, 12 July 2013 . A teenager has turned his grandmother into an internet sensation after posting dozens of pictures of her with household items balanced on her head. Jamie Nokes, 18, started the Twitter page 'Things on my nan' as a joke between friends - and started posting pictures of his nan, Jean, with things balanced on her head. But within weeks, the account had more than 40,000 followers. Now, Nanna Jean Nokes has celebrated her 71st birthday by balancing a birthday card on her head. Online star: A teenager has made his grandmother Jean Nokes (above) an internet hit after posting pictures on Twitter of her balancing a range of household items on her head . Cooking up a storm: Jean's grandson Jamie started the Twitter page Things on my Nan as a joke between friends . Balancing a jerry can and hoover: The Twitter account now has more than 40,000 followers . Game for a laugh: Jean maintains the same expression and wears the same dressing gown for each picture . The site gained popularity as founder Jamie Nokes, 18, from Manchester, uploaded more hilarious snaps of her. Jean maintains the same facial expression and wears the same dressing gown as she balances items such as an ironing board, a tin of paint and even a microwave on her head. Jamie said: 'I was bored one afternoon and sent a photo to my mate. He thought it was funny so I put it online. 'Nan doesn't mind, she just thinks it's funny. She's not right in the head. It runs in the family. 'I never thought it would get so big. Now the Twitter account has nearly 40,000 followers. All you can do is laugh.' Having fun: The grandmother has celebrated her 71st birthday by balancing a birthday card on her head . The site has become so popular Jean now gets recognised when out doing the supermarket shopping . The site gained popularity as founder Jamie Nokes (pictured) uploaded more hilarious pictures of his grandmother . In the most recent picture Jean is shown with her birthday card and a different coloured dressing gown with the caption: 'Happy 71st birthday to my nanna Jean. She got a new dressing gown.' The site has become so popular that Jean now gets recognised when out doing the supermarket shopping. Jamie has even tried to get his grandad Charlie involved in the site, by photographing him sitting on his grandmother's shoulders. Jamie said: 'I really wanted to do 'Grandad on my nan' but he wouldn't do it. 'He's happy to laugh at nan but won't get involved as well. 'I thought about doing "Things on my Mum" too but I don't think she'd let me. 'Some days nan's really up for it, but some days she won't have it. She thinks the moment has past but we get more followers every day.' Big hit: The Things On My Nan Twitter feed which has nearly 40,000 followers .
highlights: Jamie Nokes, 18, started craze with Jean Nokes as a joke between friends . She is pictured with same facial expression in dressing gown balancing ironing board, tin of paint and even a microwave . Account now has 40,000 followers and she's often recognised when out .
id: 5c9baa70f6e906a508e72e4886d11d1f0b657d39
chatgpt: Jamie Nokes, an 18-year-old girl from the UK, has become an overnight sensation on social media after starting a craze with her mom, Jean Nokes. What began as a joke between friends has now turned into a viral phenomenon that has taken the internet by storm. The craze started when Jamie began posting pictures of herself on social media with the same facial expression and a range of unusual objects. In one photo, she is pictured in a dressing gown while holding an ironing board; in another, she balances a tin of paint on her head; and in yet another, she manages to balance a microwave on her head. The photos soon became a hit on social media, and Jamie's Instagram account now has over 40,000 followers. She has become something of a celebrity in her local area, and is often recognized when out and about in town. According to Jamie, the idea for the craze came about as a bit of fun between friends. "We were just messing around one day and I decided to take a photo of myself with the ironing board on my head," she said. "It was just a bit of a laugh, but my friends thought it was hilarious and suggested I post it online." Not long after, Jamie posted the photo on Instagram, and it quickly received thousands of likes and comments. Encouraged by the response, she began to take more photos, each one more daring and outrageous than the last. "I never expected it to become such a big thing," she said. "It was just a bit of fun with friends, but it's taken off in a big way." Jamie's success has not gone unnoticed by the wider world. She has been interviewed by local newspapers and radio stations, and has even been featured in national news outlets. Her photos have been shared thousands of times on social media, and she has become something of a sensation. But for Jamie, the craze is still just a bit of fun. "I never expected it to become so big," she said. "It's all a bit surreal, really. But it's great fun, and I'm just enjoying the ride." And as for Jean Nokes, Jamie's mom and co-star in many of the photos? She is thrilled to be part of her daughter's success. "It's been great fun," she said. "We've had a lot of laughs taking these photos, and it's wonderful to see Jamie doing so well." It remains to be seen whether the craze will continue to grow, or if it will eventually fizzle out. But one thing is for sure: Jamie Nokes and her mom have certainly captured the imagination of people all over the world, and have brought a bit of fun and laughter to social media during what has been a difficult year.