article: The Prime Minister has drawn a line in the sand with students and youth unemployed today, telling them to 'pull your weight' as he made it clear there will be no softening of the government's Work for the Dole program. 'I want to see every Australian pulling his or her weight. That's very important,' Mr Abbott said. There was an outcry from students and welfare groups after the May Budget, when Treasurer Joe Hockey announced the overhaul of Work for the Dole and unemployment benefits. 'Pull your weight'. Tony Abbott has today signalled no softening of the Work for the Dole scheme . An angry St Vincent de Paul Society CEO Dr John Falzon said: 'You don't help young help people into work by forcing them to live below the poverty line and you certainly don't help them into a job by forcing them to rely on charity to survive' But the Prime Minister fired another salvo today. 'The last thing we want is to see young people leaving school and going on to unemployment benefits,' the Prime Minister said. St Vincent de Paul Society CEO, Dr John Falzon, hit back: 'What we had hoped for was a jobs plan, what we have got instead is a bashing the young unemployed plan.' The PM said that school leavers did not have to rely on the dole 'particularly when there is going to be a stronger training system and more effective system in the future, than there has been in the past.' He said the government has missed the point and the labour market structure is the problem, not those seeking work. 'You don't help young help people into work by forcing them to live below the poverty line and you certainly don't help them into a job by forcing them to rely on charity to survive,' Dr Falzon added. The PM said that school leavers did not have to rely on the dole 'particularly when there is going to be a stronger training system and more effective system in the future, than there has been in the past.' From the start of 2015, new job-seekers under the age of 30 will have to wait up to six months before receiving unemployment benefits. Further, they will then have to participate in at least 25 hours per week under Work for the Dole, to receive any payments for the next six months. 'The problem is structural but the government insists on using the language of demonising and blame to the very people who are suffering the affects of that structure,' Dr Falzon added. A national day of action is planned by tertiary students to protest against the Work for the Dole changes and education overhaul. From the start of 2015, new job-seekers under the age of 30 will have to wait up to six months before receiving unemployment benefits.
highlights: The Prime Minister tells students 'pull your weight' and take on more training if they can't get a job . No back-down likely on controversial Work for the Dole program . St Vincent de Paul Society CEO Dr John Falzon has hit back saying 'you don't help them into a job by forcing them to rely on charity just to survive' From January, job-seekers under 30 will have to wait six months for unemployment benefits . A national day of action is planned by students for October 16 .
id: ec689b9b5d3ef065195365a0104beff1fa5d99ae
chatgpt: On Monday, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott addressed university students in Brisbane, encouraging them to "pull your weight" and take on more training if they are unable to find work. Abbott's speech comes amid increasing controversy over his government's Work for the Dole program and plans to withhold unemployment benefits from job-seekers under 30. The Work for the Dole program, which requires job-seekers to work up to 25 hours per week in order to receive benefits, has faced widespread criticism from social welfare groups who argue that it is punitive and does little to help people find long-term employment. St Vincent de Paul Society CEO Dr John Falzon was among the latest to voice his concerns about the program, stating that "you don't help them into a job by forcing them to rely on charity just to survive". Speaking to ABC radio, Falzon argued that the program is unlikely to result in meaningful employment outcomes for participants, and that it is misguided to assume that people who are currently unemployed are somehow not working hard enough. Despite criticism from social welfare groups, Abbott has indicated that there is no back-down likely on the Work for the Dole program, citing the need to promote a "culture of work" and to reduce the number of people who rely on welfare payments. This comes as the government prepares to implement controversial changes to the payment of unemployment benefits, which will require job-seekers under 30 to wait six months before receiving any payments. The changes, which are set to come into effect in January, have been widely criticised for the hardship they are expected to cause young job-seekers who may struggle to find alternative sources of income during the waiting period. These policies have sparked a national day of action planned by students, scheduled to take place on October 16. The protest will be held in response to the government's recent budget measures, which included a range of cuts to education funding, and rising costs for students. In his speech to university students, Abbott acknowledged that unemployment among young people is a significant problem, but argued that the onus is on individuals to take responsibility for their own employment prospects. "Ultimately, the only way that we are going to end youth unemployment is by giving young people the skills, the experience, and confidence they need to get a job," Abbott said. He urged students to "look beyond your degree" and to consider vocational training options in order to improve their employment prospects. Overall, the government's approach to tackling youth unemployment has been met with considerable criticism from both welfare advocates and young people themselves. While the government maintains that its policies are necessary to increase workforce participation and reduce welfare dependence, critics argue that they are punitive and do little to address the underlying causes of poverty and unemployment.