article: By . Neil Sears . Last updated at 7:25 AM on 31st August 2011 . A prime suspect in the murder of WPC Yvonne Fletcher has been found alive by Libya’s new rebel leaders, it has been claimed. Matouk Mohammed Matouk, the only one of three main suspects known to be still alive, reportedly tried to defect to the National Transitional Council as Tripoli fell ten days ago. The new government has confirmed that it knows the whereabouts of Matouk, a former minister under Gaddafi, according to the Daily Telegraph. Murder: There are three prime suspects in the murder of Yvonne Fletcher (left) - Matouk Mohammed Matouk (right) is said to still be alive . In response to Libyan media claims that Matouk had been placed under arrest because of his long service to Gaddafi, Ali Tarhouni, the de facto deputy prime minister, denied it but said: ‘We know where he is.’ Matouk was named in Crown Prosecution Service papers as one of two suspects who could be charged in connection with the killing outside the Libyan Embassy in London in 1984. Last night Tory MP Daniel Kawczynski, chairman of the all-party Libya group, called for him to be extradited as soon as possible, adding: ‘You can’t have British justice in a Libyan court.’ The discovery of Matouk comes as another suspect in WPC Fletcher’s murder, Abdulgader Baghdadi, was found shot dead in the chaos of Tripoli. He was said to have helped plan the response of Libya’s London embassy to the demonstration outside which led to shots being fired and killing the 25-year-old police officer. The body of WPC Fletcher is carried into Salisbury Cathedral for her funeral. The gunman who shot her outside the Libyan embassy is believed to be dead . A member of Tripoli’s revolutionary council, Osama al-Abed, said yesterday that Baghdadi’s bullet-ridden body had been found in a suburb of the city last week. Mr al-Abed said the body of the former embassy official was found among half a dozen other corpses. He said it was believed they had been slaughtered by fellow Gaddafi loyalists. There has been no confirmation of the whereabouts of the third prime suspect, Abdulmagid Salah Ameri, a junior diplomat identified as being the gunman. There have been claims, however, that Ameri is also dead. Earlier this year the Daily Mail tracked down Omar Sodani, another who was implicated in the murder of WPC Fletcher, after he was captured by rebels. It is unclear what has happened to him. Tribute: A memorial to WPC Fletcher was placed at the spot where she was gunned down in St James's Square, London .
highlights: Rebel sources claim Abdelgader Mohammed Baghdadi was shot by members of the Gadaffi regime . Co-conspirator Mohammed Matouk believed to be at large in Tripoli .
id: 74c6c944668280c9d65aed96006c621ee57f2986
chatgpt: The Libyan conflict continues to claim lives as reports emerge of a high-ranking rebel leader being shot and killed in the ongoing conflict with forces loyal to the late Muammar Gaddafi. According to sources within the rebel movement, Abdelgader Mohamed Baghdadi, a key figure in the rebel movement, was shot and killed by members of the Gaddafi regime. The alleged killing highlights the ongoing instability within Libya and raises questions about the ability of the interim government to establish law and order. Abdelgader Mohamed Baghdadi was a prominent figure within the Libyan rebel movement, having played a key role in the overthrow of Gaddafi. He was known for his aggressive stance against the regime and was believed to have been a key target for Gaddafi loyalists. His death has sparked outrage among the Libyan people and has led to calls for the interim government to do more to protect its citizens. Rebel sources claim that Baghdadi was shot by members of the Gaddafi regime, who have been waging a brutal campaign against the opposition since the fall of the dictatorship. According to reports, Baghdadi was ambushed by government forces while traveling in a convoy near the city of Misrata. The attack reportedly took place early in the morning, and no other members of the convoy were injured. The death of Baghdadi leaves a significant void within the Libyan opposition movement, and his passing is likely to have a significant impact on the ongoing conflict. Many observers fear that the killing could lead to a renewed wave of violence and instability within the country, with the interim government struggling to contain the various militias and factions that have arisen in the wake of the revolution. Meanwhile, authorities are also searching for another key rebel figure, Mohammed Matouk, who is believed to be at large in Tripoli. Matouk is said to be a co-conspirator of Baghdadi, and his whereabouts are currently unknown. The Libyan government has launched a major manhunt for Matouk, and many fear that he could be the next target of government forces. The ongoing violence in Libya has raised concerns among international observers, with many worried about the country's ability to establish a stable and democratic government. The United Nations has called for an end to the violence and has urged all parties to work toward a peaceful resolution to the crisis. For now, however, the situation in Libya remains volatile, with violence continuing to claim lives on both sides of the conflict. The death of Baghdadi is just the latest example of the ongoing chaos and instability within the country, and it is clear that the road to democracy in Libya will be a long and difficult one.