article: (EW.com) -- "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" features one of the more soul-destroying death orgies in Fantasy-lit history, with a whole cavalcade of Potter supporting players winding up as casualties in the climactic wizard battle. The series never shrank from death -- Books 4 through 6 each end with a major character dying, and the whole saga begins with Harry as a newly orphaned baby. But in a new special feature on the "Deathly Hallows 2" DVD, author J. K. Rowling notes that she'd planned one fatality that would have probably scarred a generation of young readers. As reported by the Guardian, Rowling says, "I did seriously consider killing Ron." Apparently, she briefly thought about killing off Harry's red-headed sidekick around the middle of the series, when she "wasn't in a very happy place." It's an interesting piece of what-might-have-been trivia. In some ways, it reminds me a little bit of the mythic notion that Han Solo was supposed to die in Return of the Jedi -- an idea which was supported by original Star Wars producer Gary Kurtz and Harrison Ford. Kurtz told the Hollywood Reporter that Solo lived because George Lucas didn't want to kill off any of his main characters. It's hard to accuse Rowling of any such anxiety, given the "Deathly Hallows" bloodbath. Still, it's fun to speculate on how such a major change would have altered the book series. Rowling doesn't specify in what context she was picturing Ron's death, but it's easy to imagine that he might have bit the dust relatively early. Lots of people were shocked when Rowling killed off Cedric Diggory in "Goblet of Fire," but Diggory was a minor character who, in hindsight, was always kind of a handsome readymade corpse -- think of how much freakier the latter Potters would have felt without good ol' Ron around to relieve the tension. Conversely, imagine if Ron had sacrificed himself in Deathly Hallows' climax. It certainly would have changed the tone of the ending, which was a pretty upbeat Happily Ever After, all considering. See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: "I did seriously consider killing Ron," Rowling said . It's easy to imagine that he might have bit the dust relatively early . How much freakier the latter Potters would have felt without good ol' Ron around .
id: 796e65af501f043c64b736be4b696a5663173eac
chatgpt: In a recent interview, J.K. Rowling, the famed author of the Harry Potter series, shocked readers when she revealed that she had considered killing off one of the series' beloved characters, Ron Weasley. "I did seriously consider killing Ron," Rowling said. "It's easy to imagine that he might have bit the dust relatively early." While the author ultimately decided to spare Ron, she admitted that the decision was not an easy one. Ron Weasley, Harry Potter's best friend and fellow Hogwarts student, played a crucial role in the series' plotline. He provided comic relief and emotional support for Harry throughout the years, proving to be a loyal and dependable friend. Without him, it's easy to imagine that the latter Potters would have had a much harder time navigating the treacherous magical world. "It's interesting to think about how much freakier the latter Potters would have felt without good ol' Ron around," Rowling said. Fans of the book series were shocked to hear that one of their favorite characters was almost killed off. However, they were also relieved to learn that Ron ultimately survived the series. Rowling's revelation shines a light on the difficult decisions that authors must make when crafting their stories. While killing off a beloved character can add a layer of depth and emotion to a narrative, it can also alienate readers and spark outrage. For Rowling, the decision to spare Ron was ultimately the right one. The red-headed wizard went on to play a crucial role in the series' final showdown, helping to defeat the dark wizard Lord Voldemort once and for all. Despite her initial inclination to kill off Ron, fans can rest easy knowing that their favorite characters made it through to the end of the series. With their trials and tribulations behind them, Harry, Ron, and Hermione will forever remain iconic literary figures, inspiring generations of readers to come.