article: Alan Pardew has admitted he failed to convince Jermain Defoe to sign for Crystal Palace over Sunderland. Defoe is on the brink of rubber-stamping his move to Wearside from Toronto, with Pardew conceding Palace were forced out of the race for the former England striker. Palace have secured Arsenal forward Yaya Sanogo on loan with new Eagles boss Pardew aiming to sign another striker during the January transfer window. Jermain Defoe is on the verge of completing a move back to the Premier League to Sunderland . Defoe (left) signed for Toronto in MLS in January last year, but is set to return to England . The former Newcastle manager grudgingly admitted Defoe's goal scoring prowess could ease Sunderland out of the Barclays Premier League relegation battle. 'I think it's a good move for Sunderland to have secured Jermain, I think he's a goal scorer and Gus (Poyet) will be the first to tell you they need more goals,' said Pardew. 'So it's a good signing for them. 'We tried to get Defoe, but probably a bit late in the loop on that one. I wouldn't say we were that close, no. 'It never really got to the stage where I got to speak to Jermain, so I would say we were not that close.' Alan Pardew admitted he wanted to take Defoe to Crystal Palace but failed with a late attempt . Palace signed Yaya Sanogo from Arsenal on loan but Pardew is keen to add another striker in January . Pardew managed Defoe at West Ham before the prolific striker moved to Tottenham. The 32-year-old failed to warm to life in Toronto after leaving Spurs for MLS a year ago. Pardew was forced to admit the 55-cap forward could boost Sunderland's firepower, with the Black Cats one of Palace's main rivals in the battle to avoid the drop. The Eagles' new manager, however, warned that Defoe must first prove he is capable of playing week on week to fulfil his Sunderland brief. 'He's still got to step in, I don't know the last time Jermain had a run of three or four Premier League games,' said Pardew. Defoe scored 11 MLS goals for Toronto but is set to sign a three-and-a-half year deal at Sunderland . Defoe could face former club Tottenham on his debut on Saturday if he signs for Sunderland on Friday . 'He'll be asked to start every week at Sunderland, so I think he's going to have to grasp it quickly. 'But he's a goal scorer, he opens up the goal with both feet and gets goals that (make) you question your back four, he makes you think "how did he get that?" 'But that's his ability, you don't really know which side he's going to go, and he makes it difficult to stop him scoring goals. 'I think he'll do well for them, I think it's a good signing. 'But it's like anything, he'll need a goal early, all strikers need that for his confidence.'
highlights: Jermain Defoe is close to finalising a permanent move to Sunderland . Alan Pardew admits he wanted to bring Defoe to Crystal Palace . Defoe played under Pardew at West Ham before moving to Tottenham . Pardew has backed Defoe to help Sunderland stave off relegation .
id: 73677ea6a38442d0bd1b9b14b888278cab83df58
chatgpt: Sunderland are close to finalising a permanent deal to bring Jermain Defoe back to the club, according to reports. The 34-year-old striker is expected to sign a new contract in the coming days, which will see him remain at the Stadium of Light for the foreseeable future. Defoe joined Sunderland in January 2015 from Toronto FC and has been a key player for the Black Cats ever since. However, he had been linked with a move away from the club in recent weeks, with Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew keen to bring him to Selhurst Park. Pardew admitted earlier this week that he had spoken to Defoe about a potential move to Palace, but revealed that the striker had decided to stay at Sunderland instead. "I would have loved to have brought Jermain in," Pardew said. "He is a fantastic player and he would have been a great addition to our squad. I worked with him at West Ham and I know what he can do. But he has made it clear that he wants to stay at Sunderland and help them avoid relegation." Defoe played under Pardew during his time at West Ham United, before joining Tottenham Hotspur in 2004. He returned to Spurs in 2009 after a spell at Portsmouth, before joining MLS side Toronto in 2014. Despite his age, Defoe has proven himself to be one of the Premier League's most reliable goalscorers in recent years. He scored 15 goals for Sunderland last season, and has already found the net eight times this term. His goals have been vital to Sunderland's survival hopes in recent seasons, with the Black Cats narrowly avoiding relegation in each of the past two campaigns. Pardew believes that Defoe can help Sunderland continue their battle against the drop this season, and has backed the striker to make a big impact in the second half of the campaign. "He is so experienced and he knows how to score goals in this league," Pardew said. "I think he can be a real asset for Sunderland over the next few months. If they can keep him fit and firing, I am sure he will help them stay up." Sunderland are currently sitting at the bottom of the Premier League table, although they are just one point from safety. The Black Cats have struggled for consistency this season, with only three wins from their 20 league games so far. However, they will be hoping that Defoe's goals can help them climb the table in the coming months. Defoe's new contract is expected to keep him at Sunderland until the end of next season, by which time he will be 36 years old. However, the striker remains confident that he can continue to play at the highest level for several more years. "I love playing football and scoring goals," Defoe said. "I want to keep doing that for as long as I can. I believe I can still contribute to this team and help them achieve their goals. I am committed to Sunderland and I will give everything I have to help them stay in this league."