article: By . Craig Mackenzie . PUBLISHED: . 04:28 EST, 17 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:28 EST, 17 August 2013 . Some of Britain's most senior civil servants are having part of their tax bills paid out of public funds - leaving them tens of thousands of pounds better off, it emerged today. Government departments were paying the taxes on perks such as official cars, first class rail travel and rent-free accommodation. One senior Conservative MP expressed surprise at the arrangements, saying they were out of line with what could be expected in the private sector where employees would often pay the bill themselves. Benefits: Some senior Whitehall civil save thousands on perks paid for out of the public purse . But HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) insisted that taxpayers did not lose out as a result of rules which had been in place since the 1970s. According to the Daily Telegraph, officials who have benefited from the system include the Cabinet Secretary, Sir Jeremy Heywood, the head of NHS England, Sir David Nicholson, and the former head of the Serious Fraud Office, Phillippa Williamson. Saving on perks: Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has benefited from the scheme . It said that the effect of the deal was to increase the value of their pay packages by up to £30,000 a year with taxpayers picking up the bill. Sir Jeremy has the use of a chauffeur-driven Toyota Prius which, the paper said, had cost taxpayers £172,100 over the past two years - including a tax bill estimated at more than £49,000. Sir David was said have received benefits worth £320,303 over the last six years, including the cost of a rented flat in London, the use of a chauffeured car and first-class train journeys. Richard Bacon, a Conservative member of the Commons Public Accounts Committee, expressed concern at the arrangements. He said: 'Most taxpayers would be surprised to find that this sort of thing is tax-free. These are out of line with what one would expect from the way people in the private sector are treated. 'Taxpayers are already paying a lot for these people, I don't think they would be expecting to dig into their pocket to pay for the tax on the benefit as well.' HMRC insisted that the arrangements were in order."We can't discuss individual cases. However, cars provided by an employer that are available for employee use are a benefit in kind for the employee and are taxable. These rules have been in place for 37 years," it said in a statement. "Employers may choose to pay the tax due on the benefit. If so any such payment will constitute an additional benefit - which will also be taxable on the employee. 'This is quite a common practice by employers and is a matter between employer and employee. HMRC makes sure all the tax due is paid.'
highlights: Pay packages increased by up to £30,000 a year for senior officials who enjoy first class travel, official cars and rent-free accommodation . 'Taxpayers are already paying a lot for these people ' raps senior Tory .
id: d75f1ac93fde7652d8e1c6f42a3517b76eeccd06
chatgpt: Senior officials in the UK Government have been enjoying pay increases of up to £30,000 a year, according to reports. The pay hikes come with additional perks like first-class travel, official cars, and rent-free accommodation. The news has raised eyebrows and led to criticism from several quarters. Senior Tory MPs have expressed their outrage at the revelations, claiming that taxpayers are already footing the bill for these officials. Many have called for an investigation into the matter, and some have even demanded a review of the pay packages. Critics argue that such hefty pay hikes are unnecessary and unwarranted, especially at a time when the country is grappling with economic uncertainty due to Brexit. The issue has come under even more scrutiny in recent days, as reports suggest that the government is preparing for a no-deal Brexit, which could lead to severe economic repercussions. The pay increases have been given to many senior officials across various government departments. Some of the officials who have received the hike reportedly include the heads of the Defense Ministry, the Foreign Office, and the Home Office. Many have expressed concern about the optics of such pay hikes, arguing that it sends the wrong message to the public. The general population has faced austerity measures and budget cuts in recent years, and news of such pay hikes will only further erode public trust in the government. Senior Tory MP, Sir Bernard Jenkin, slammed the government over the issue. In a statement, he said: "Taxpayers are already paying a lot for these people. When already highly paid people seem to be getting large pay increases, taxpayers will be wondering why they should continue to make sacrifices when some appear to be in a protected elite." The opposition parties have also criticized the government over the issue. According to Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, "This is about priorities. The government needs to carefully consider who it is rewarding with taxpayer money, especially at a time when many public sector workers are struggling to make ends meet." Some have suggested that the pay hikes are a result of the government's efforts to retain talent in the face of Brexit. The fear is that many skilled workers will leave the country amid Brexit uncertainty, and the government is keen to retain key personnel within the government. While the government has not yet responded to the criticisms, the issue is likely to remain in the public eye in the coming days. The news comes at a time when public trust in the government is already at a low ebb, and such revelations will only serve to further erode that trust. In conclusion, the pay hikes handed out to senior officials and the accompanying perks have come under severe scrutiny in recent days. While some have argued that it is necessary to retain talent, others have criticized the move as being insensitive to the current economic climate. Regardless of the reason, the optics of the pay hikes, especially at this moment, are unlikely to go down well with the general public.