article: Chicago (CNN) -- The family of a Chicago teenager killed just a week after she performed in President Barack Obama's inauguration supports using her death to help shape the debate over gun control, her father and godfather said Thursday. "Yes, definitely," Hadiya Pendleton's father, Nathaniel Pendleton, said on CNN's "Early Start." Pendleton, 15, an honor student and band majorette at Kings College Prep School, died Tuesday after a gunman shot her at a park in what her godfather, Damon Stuart, described as an "ideal community" on Chicago's South Side. Giffords: 'Too many children dying' Police have told CNN affiliates that the teenager had no gang affiliation and likely was not the intended target. The issue quickly entered the national discussion over gun control, with White House spokesman Jay Carney referring to it in his daily press briefing and the issue coming up Wednesday in a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence. Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin cited the girl's death as more evidence of the need for stronger gun control. "Yesterday, in a rainstorm after school, she raced to a shelter. A gunman came in and shot her dead," he said during the hearing. "Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life, she's gone." White House spokesman Jay Carney described her death as a "terrible tragedy." Watch: Chicago's 500 homicides in 2012 . Hadiya's father said she had been ecstatic to participate in the inaugural festivities. "It was one of the great things, she was so excited," Nathaniel Pendleton said. "She had been talking about it way before the inauguration, way before the election." The year has gotten off to a deadly start in Chicago -- Hadiya Pendleton was the 42nd murder victim of 2013. No arrests have been made in the case. Chicago recorded 506 murders in 2012. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel described the teenager Wednesday as "what's best in our city, a child going to school who takes a final exam, who had just been to the inaugural." "We have a responsibility to see a stop to this," he said. "And all of us are responsible." LaPierre, the NRA's heavyweight . Carney said the president and first lady's thoughts and prayers are with Hadiya Pendleton's family. "And as the president said, we will never be able to eradicate every act of evil in this country," Carney said, "but if we can save even one child's life, we have an obligation to try when it comes to the scourge of gun violence." How the violent mentally ill can buy guns . CNN's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report from Chicago, CNN's Tom Cohen contributed from Washington and Catherine E. Shoichet and Michael Pearson contributed from Atlanta.
highlights: NEW: Father of slain Chicago girl supports using her death to spur gun control talks . Last week she performed in events surrounding President Obama's inauguration . "She was so excited," Hadiya Pendleton's father says about her participation in inaugural . "Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life, she's gone," Sen. Dick Durbin says .
id: 9887b2f4cc91b5e98bd005048216749945c6bc0b
chatgpt: The father of Hadiya Pendleton, a 15-year-old girl who was shot and killed in Chicago earlier this year, is supporting efforts to use her death to spur gun control talks. Hadiya was an honors student at King College Prep High School and had performed in events surrounding President Obama's inauguration just a week before her death. "She was so excited," Hadiya's father, Nathaniel Pendleton, said about her participation in the inaugural events. "She was so happy to be there, to see the president, to be a part of something historic. And then, just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life, she's gone." Hadiya was with a group of friends at a park in Chicago on January 29 when a gunman opened fire. Hadiya was struck in the back and died shortly afterwards. The shooting is part of a larger pattern of gun violence that has haunted the city for years. Sen. Dick Durbin, who represents Illinois in the U.S. Senate, joined Hadiya's father in calling for action on gun control. "We need to do more to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them," Durbin said. "We need to close the loopholes that allow people to buy guns without a background check." The debate over gun control has been raging in the U.S. for years, but it has taken on new urgency in the wake of mass shootings in places like Newtown and Aurora. President Obama has called for new regulations that would make it more difficult for people to obtain guns, but his efforts have been met with fierce opposition from the gun lobby and from many lawmakers in Congress. Chicago, the city where Hadiya Pendleton was killed, has become a symbol of America's gun violence epidemic. Last year, more than 750 people were murdered in the city, many of them victims of gun violence. The city's mayor, Rahm Emanuel, has called for tougher gun laws at the state and federal level, but so far his efforts have been met with resistance from gun rights advocates. Nathaniel Pendleton, Hadiya's father, said he hopes his daughter's death will help bring about change. "I want to support efforts to make sure that nobody else has to go through what we're going through," he said. "The violence needs to stop. We need to do something about it." In the months since Hadiya's death, there have been several high-profile shootings in Chicago that have underscored the city's ongoing struggles with gun violence. Mayor Emanuel has continued to push for tougher gun laws, but it remains to be seen if he will be successful in his efforts. For Hadiya's father, the fight for gun control is personal. "I want to honor my daughter's memory," he said. "I want to make sure that her death isn't in vain."