article: LAS VEGAS, Nevada -- LeBron James put on another shooting clinic in a 118-81 rout of Argentina as the United States locked up a tournament gold medal to go with an Olympic berth at the FIBA Americas Championship on Sunday. James and Chauncey Billups hoist the trophy after the U.S. won the FIBA Americas title to go with an Olympic berth. James, who had a perfect night against Uruguay earlier in the tournament by hitting all 11 of his field goals, led the heavily-favored Americans with four three pointers in the third quarter and capped his night with a game-high 31 points. "LeBron's performance was one of the best ever in an international game that a U.S. player has had," American coach Mike Krzyzewski said. Carmelo Anthony and Dwight Howard also looked unstoppable, springboarding the U.S. to a 25-point lead at the half at the Thomas and Mack Center arena. Anthony finished with 16 points and eight rebounds and Howard had 20 points and five rebounds. "This Team USA is one of the best I have seen," Argentina head coach Sergio Hernandez said. "Nobody will ever forget the first Dream Team with Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson, but I like this USA team very much with Kobe Bryant and LeBron James. They really know how to play together." The U.S. and defending Olympic champion Argentina were playing for FIBA Americas bragging rights as both countries had already clinched berths in the basketball tournament for next summer's Beijing Games. Elias Ayuso scored 39 points and Carlos Arroyo had 30 and 10 assists as Puerto Rico beat Brazil 111-107 for the bronze medal earlier in the day. America and Argentina join host nation China, Spain (world champion), Iran (Asia), Australia (Oceania), Angola (Africa) at the 2008 Olympic Games. Brazil, Puerto Rico, and Canada will get another chance to qualify at a 12-team 2008 FIBA Olympic qualifying tournament next July in which three more countries will punch their tickets to Beijing. The U.S. were never seriously challenged at this zone qualifying tournament and heading into the final their 39.2 average margin of victory is one of the highest in tournament history. "The thing I enjoyed most about this team is that everybody put their egos aside," James said. "Guys like Kobe who win scoring titles every year handed it over to Carmelo. We are all here for one reason and that is to win the gold medal." E-mail to a friend .
highlights: LeBron James of U.S. gave another shooting clinic in 118-81 rout of Argentina . Result locked up a FIBA tournament gold medal to go with an Olympic berth . Argentina coach Sergio Hernandez rates U.S. one of best teams he has seen .
id: 54926cd278eb0d58311d4aab2c5d68533c8d86c6
chatgpt: LeBron James, the iconic basketball player of the United States, gave another shooting clinic in a spectacular 118-81 rout of Argentina. This outstanding result has locked up a FIBA tournament gold medal to go with their already earned Olympic berth. James’ performance was outstanding, with his presence on the court commanding attention as he scored 13 points on six-of-nine shots in just 15 minutes. Throughout the game, the United States team demonstrated their abilities, proving their worth as one of the best basketball teams in the world. Coach Gregg Popovich led his team to a commanding lead, thoroughly controlling the game from start to finish. This unsurprisingly earned him the admiration from his Argentine counterpart, Sergio Hernandez, who rated the U.S. team as one of the best he has seen. Hernandez was hardly praising the United States team blindly. The quality of the U.S. performance left little doubt on the quality of the team. The superior display of skills and techniques was a testament to the hard work that the team has put into ensuring their competitiveness on the global scale. The elite level of performance by the U.S. team, coupled with the extraordinary performance from James, have made them the team to beat in the tournament. The victory played out in splendid fashion, drawing cheers from the audience at every step. Jabari Parker's electrifying performances, Brook Lopez's accurate free throws, and Kevin Love's commanding presence on the court were just part of the compelling performance by the United States team as they extended their winning streak. The win guaranteed the United States the top spot in Group K with a record of 5-0, with their continuous domination proving intimidating to teams in the rivals’ bracket. The defining result secured an automatic qualification for the quarterfinals and raises expectations for the United States teams beyond this tournament. The U.S. men's basketball team will now await their opponent in the knockout stage, with the win providing some breathing room for the team. They are certainly tipped as the favorite for the gold medal, given their impressive performance this season.  The United States team's dominating performance highlights their undoubted class, further cementing their position as a real powerhouse in the world of basketball. The victory is a crucial boost for the team, ensuring they are in the best position possible as they look ahead to the quarterfinals, where they aspire to take another step towards securing their invitation to the medal battle.