article: (CNN) -- As Rafael grew into a hurricane, residents and officials on the tiny island of Bermuda were expecting the storm to pass by Tuesday. The island's top emergency official said residents and tourists should see strong winds and rough seas as the storm approaches but expressed confidence that Rafael's impact would be minimal. "We are expecting the worst of the storm to pass to our east, and it will therefore be business as usual tomorrow," Wayne Perinchief, chairman of Bermuda's Emergency Measures Organization, said Monday. Forecasters said the island might see 2 to 4 inches of rain from the storm. The storm, with 85 mph winds, was centered about 545 miles (about 880 kilometers) south of Bermuda on Monday night, according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami. It was moving north at 10 mph, forecasters said. "It's far enough away for our culture to not feel a threat yet. ... We're so used to this, season after season. Most people have their plywood in their garages at home, already pre-cut and labeled," said resident John Manderson. "So often, we get storms that come so close." The 46-year-old telecommunications consultant said the harbor waters near his office in Hamilton, Bermuda, were calm Monday. Yet forecasters predicted the storm will become a hurricane later in the day. Authorities in Bermuda have issued a tropical storm warning, meaning tropical storm conditions are possible there within 36 hours. That warning doesn't faze residents, Manderson said, but a change in the forecast might. "If people feel like we're going to have a direct hit or a Category 1 only 100 miles or less away, you'll see people running around like crazy just to finish preparations," he said. He updated CNN on Monday night, saying residents were still going on as normal but he expected to see residents take action in the morning. While the National Hurricane Center expects Rafael will stay well to the east of the Bahamas through Monday night, it is warning of life-threatening surf conditions and rip currents on the eastward-facing beaches of the Bahamas over the next few days. Farther south, the northern Leeward Islands, which were drenched by the storm over the weekend, can expect 1 to 3 additional inches of rain, bringing the total rainfall from Rafael in some pockets to as much as 12 inches, forecasters said. "These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides, especially in areas of mountainous terrain," the hurricane center said. Read more: Tropical Storm Leslie expected to pass east of Bermuda . CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet, Nigel Walwyn and Greg Seaby contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Rafael becomes a Category 1 hurricane . Officials advise residents to prepare, but say the storm should pass east of the island . Forecasters say they expect the tropical storm to become a hurricane Monday night .
id: 7fff7d7cff5f14847722dc0e4a51f0766bfcf73e
chatgpt: In the midst of an already active hurricane season, forecasters are now keeping a close eye on Tropical Storm Rafael, which has just been upgraded to a Category 1 hurricane. The storm is currently swirling through the Atlantic Ocean and is expected to impact several islands in the coming days. Authorities in the Caribbean island nation of Saint Lucia are advising residents to remain vigilant as they prepare for the potential impact of the hurricane. While officials expect the storm to pass east of the island, they are warning residents to prepare for high winds, heavy rainfall, and potential flooding. Forecasters say that Rafael is expected to become a hurricane on Monday night as it makes its way towards Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. As the storm moves closer to land, residents in these areas are being urged to take necessary precautions and prepare for potential power outages and transportation disruptions. The National Hurricane Center has issued warnings and watches for several different countries and territories in the eastern Caribbean including Antigua, Barbuda, St. Kitts, Nevis, and Montserrat. Residents in these areas are advised to remain alert for updates on the storm and to take any necessary precautions to protect themselves and their property. Many people in the Caribbean are still reeling from the devastating impact of Hurricane Dorian, which struck the region just a few weeks ago. That storm caused widespread damage and destruction in the Bahamas, leaving dozens dead and many more displaced. As Rafael gathers strength and moves closer to land, officials are urging residents to remain calm but vigilant. At this point, there is still a great deal of uncertainty surrounding the storm's trajectory and potential impact, and residents are being advised to stay tuned to news and weather updates in the coming days. On Monday, the government of Puerto Rico issued a state of emergency declaration in anticipation of the storm, which is expected to hit the island on Tuesday. Governor Wanda Vázquez Garced called on residents to make preparations as quickly as possible, including stockpiling food and water, fueling vehicles, and securing their homes. As Hurricane Rafael continues to make its way towards land, authorities are reminding residents that they should take any and all necessary precautions to protect themselves and their families. With hurricane season in full swing, it's important that those living in hurricane-prone areas remain vigilant and stay informed about the latest developments.