article: (CNN) -- Eleven health researchers received $3 million each Wednesday from a new foundation set up by some of the tech world's heaviest hittters. That's twice as much money as a Nobel Prize pays. And, according to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, the once-in-a-lifetime payout isn't even the most important part. "This prize isn't really about the people who are winning it today," Zuckerberg told CNN's Ali Velshi shortly after the Breakthrough Prize Foundation handed out its first of what are planned to be annual awards. "It's the college and graduate students who are in the lab trying to figure out what they should be researching. It's about younger kids trying to figure out what they want to be when they grow up." Zuckerberg has teamed up with tech heavyweights like Google co-founder Sergey Brin and Apple board Chairman Art Levinson to launch the Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences. On Wednesday, an inaugural class received the prizes for their work in research "aimed at curing intractable diseases and extending human life." "Society has a lot of heroes for a lot of different things, but we don't have enough heroes who are scientists and researchers and engineers," Zuckerberg told CNN. "We're just trying to set up this ... to reward and recognize the amazing stuff these folks are doing." Levinson, the former CEO of biotechnology company Genentech, will serve as chairman of the foundation's board. "I believe this new prize will shine a light on the extraordinary achievements of the outstanding minds in the field of life sciences, enhance medical innovation, and ultimately become a platform for recognizing future discoveries," he said in a written statement. The founding sponsors -- Brin and wife Anne Wojcicki, Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan, and Russian entrepreneur and venture capitalist Yuri Milner -- have committed to funding five $3 million prizes every year going forward. Each prize winner will join the selection committee for future recipients. Wojciciki, founder of health-and-ancestry genetics company 23andMe, said that while the Nobel often recognizes scientists whose work has been widely applauded, she hopes the Breakthrough Prize will herald those whose less-visible work leads to similarly grand results. "We want to get people in the life sciences to think big, take risks and recognize there's a major reward that could come their way," she told Velshi. The prize's first 11 recipients are: Cornelia I. Bargmann, David Botstein, Lewis C. Cantley, Hans Clevers, Napoleone Ferrara, Titia de Lange, Eric S. Lander, Charles L. Sawyers, Bert Vogelstein, Robert A. Weinberg and Shinya Yamanaka.
highlights: Tech bigwigs team up to create Breakthrough Prize for scientists . Facebook's Zuckerberg, Google's Brin among founders . Winners receive $3 million for work curing disease, extending life . Prize is double the amount given for a Nobel .
id: dc7fec8ab45c7c544a60c183669abd7161051f61
chatgpt: A group of tech industry leaders led by Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Google co-founder Sergey Brin have teamed up to create the Breakthrough Prize, a $3 million award for scientists who have made significant advances in their field. The prize money is double the amount given for a Nobel Prize, and is aimed at recognizing and rewarding those who are making groundbreaking discoveries that could potentially cure diseases and extend human life. The Breakthrough Prize was first established in 2013, with the goal of shining a spotlight on the important work being done by scientists around the world. Since then, it has become one of the most prestigious awards in the scientific community, and has helped to inspire and motivate researchers from a wide range of disciplines. According to Zuckerberg, the Breakthrough Prize is an important investment in the future of scientific research, and is aimed at supporting the next generation of innovators. "We want to make sure that the next generation of scientists and researchers have the resources they need to make a big impact," he said in a statement. "That's why we're investing in the Breakthrough Prize, and why we're so excited about the amazing work that this year's winners are doing." This year's Breakthrough Prize winners include several scientists who are working to develop new treatments for a variety of diseases. Among the winners is David Baker, a biologist at the University of Washington who is known for his work on protein engineering. Baker and his team have developed a revolutionary new approach to designing proteins that has already led to several breakthroughs in drug development. Another winner is Xiaowei Zhuang, an electrical engineer at Harvard University who is known for her work on improving imaging technologies. Zhuang and her team have developed a new technique that allows scientists to track the movements of individual molecules in cells, opening up new possibilities for understanding complex biological processes. The Breakthrough Prize is just one of several initiatives that are aimed at supporting scientific research and innovation. Other organizations, such as the Gates Foundation and the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, are also investing in the future of science and technology, in the hopes of creating a better world for all of us. As the Breakthrough Prize continues to grow and evolve, it is clear that it will play an important role in shaping the future of scientific research. By recognizing and rewarding the efforts of some of the brightest minds in the field, the prize is helping to create a culture of innovation and collaboration that will benefit us all for years to come.