article: By . Alasdair Glennie for the Daily Mail . The two bakers at the centre of the Great British Bake Off row will be reunited in the programme’s final episode in October, the BBC confirmed yesterday. Iain Watters and Diana Beard have insisted there are ‘no hard feelings’ between them following the ‘bingate’ row, in which the latter was accused of sabotaging her rival’s baked Alaska. Mr Watters became the losing baker in the episode after yelling in frustration and presenting his melted ice-cream pudding to the judges from a bin. His exit triggered a storm of criticism among viewers, and the BBC has received 800 complaints about the episode which aired this week. Scroll down for video . Magnanimous: Iain Watters shares a slice of sponge with Newsnight's Kirsty Wark this week . Mrs Beard, 69, will also take no further part in the competition after a head injury left her with no sense of smell. But the pair will be seen together in the show’s traditional finale reunion. Yesterday one of last year’s Bake Off finalists Ruby Tandoh waded in to the row, blaming the show’s editors for making Mr Watters’s meltdown look worse than it really was in a bid to boost ratings. The hit BBC1 programme has been embroiled in a furore after it appeared to show Mrs Beard taking her rival’s baked Alaska out of the freezer and leaving it to melt. Show host Sue Perkins insisted there had been ‘no sabotage’. Mrs Beard blamed the BBC for editing the programme to make her look like the culprit, and said the cake had been out of the freezer for no more than 40 seconds. Diana Beard: Blamed the BBC . Miss Tandoh, who was at the heart of her own Bake Off storm last year when viewers accused her of trying to flirt her way to victory, agreed. She said: ‘If there was nastiness in the tent this week, it came in the form of making a humiliated Iain parade the dustbin to the judge’s table. ‘Nastiness was spinning a story that cast an old lady as a pantomime villain.’ Miss Tandoh also criticised viewers for their Twitter ‘hate campaign’ against Mrs Beard, saying: ‘Shame on the online lynch mobs.’ It is the first year Bake Off has been shown on BBC1, and it has seen ratings soar as a result. But an insider said yesterday: ‘The danger is the makers try to turn it into a prime-time reality show like X Factor by exaggerating the drama. ‘It started out as a gentle baking show, but it is building into a juggernaut. The format seems to be getting bigger than the individual contestants.’ Mr Watters, who appeared on Newsnight on Thursday, was magnanimous in defeat and refused to blame Mrs Beard for his exit.
highlights: Diana Beard, 69, was accused of sabotaging Iain Watters' baked Alaska . BBC received 800 complaints about the so-called 'bingate' row episode . Watters appeared on Newsnight this week but refused to blame Mrs Beard . Mrs Beard left show for health reasons - rivals will be seen together in finale .
id: 7d028d03a49399159645c66723b247c6b0bd4ad2
chatgpt: It was a scandal that rocked the nation and left Great British Bake Off fans reeling. The accusations came flying thick and fast, and the fallout seemed to go on for weeks. Now, former contestant Iain Watters has spoken out about the incident - but he has refused to blame the woman many fans hold responsible.  Diana Beard, a 69-year-old amateur baker from Shropshire, was accused of sabotaging Watters' baked Alaska during the 2014 season of the beloved BBC show. The controversy became known as 'bingate' and sparked outrage among viewers, with over 800 complaints being lodged with the broadcaster.  The incident occurred during the show's 'Baked Alaska' challenge, in which contestants were tasked with creating a dessert using ice cream in a hot environment. Watters' Alaska melted, leading to an on-camera meltdown in which he threw the dish in the bin. Fans accused Beard of sabotaging the dish, with some even using social media to send her death threats. Beard left the show following the incident, citing health reasons. Years later, Watters has now appeared on Newsnight to discuss the 'bingate' incident. Speaking to presenter Emily Maitlis, Watters revealed that he still has no idea what caused his dessert to fail. "It was the perfect storm of things going wrong," he said. "I don't know who did it, and I don't think it's important". He also spoke out against the online abuse suffered by Beard, calling it "unacceptable". Despite the controversy, both Watters and Beard went on to enjoy successful baking careers following their appearances on the show. Watters now works as a pastry chef, while Beard has written cookbooks and appeared on other cooking shows. The pair are set to appear together in the upcoming finale of The Great Festive Bake Off, which will air on Channel 4 this Christmas. The fallout from 'bingate' was significant, and experts have pondered how the controversy could have been prevented. Dr. Joanne Paul of the British History Podcast argues that shows like The Great British Bake Off are "notoriously cut-throat" and fuelled by tension and drama to create a more engaging narrative. She suggests that "shows like this thrive on conflict" but that this can sometimes lead to negative outcomes for contestants and viewers alike. Despite the controversy, The Great British Bake Off remains one of the UK's most beloved television shows. The programme, which first aired in 2010, has launched the careers of many aspiring bakers and has spawned countless imitators across the globe. It is a testament to the show's popularity that 'bingate' remains a topic of conversation six years later, with Watters' appearance on Newsnight reigniting the debate once again. In the end, 'bingate' will go down in history as one of the most controversial moments in The Great British Bake Off's illustrious history. However, the drama and scandal may have ultimately been overshadowed by the show's enduring legacy and the continued success of its contestants, including the embattled Diana Beard and tormented Iain Watters.