article: Lewis Hamilton goes into Sunday's Formula One title decider in Abu Dhabi promising not to crack in response to Nico Rosberg’s mind games. The British driver will start second on the grid — a place behind his title rival and Mercedes colleague Rosberg — in a race where the points controversially count double. Hamilton leads by 17 points, meaning he only has to finish runner-up to be assured of a second world title at the age of 29. Nico Rosberg (right) celebrates taking pole position for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in front of Lewis Hamilton . Rosberg attacks the racetrack at Yas Marina, capitalising on a couple of Hamilton errors to clinch pole . Hamilton has attempted to avoid Rosberg's mind games on a weekend where the Mercedes drivers fight to be crowned Formula One world champion at the final race of the season . 1. Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes) 334 points . 2. Nico Rosberg (Mercedes) 317 points . 3. Daniel Ricciardo (Red Bull) 214 points . 4. Sebastian Vettel (Red Bull) 159 points . Rosberg, who took pole by nearly four-tenths of a second yesterday, taunted Hamilton, saying: ‘Lewis has everything to lose and I have everything to gain. ‘The pressure is on him and I will keep it on him as much as possible. And maybe he will make another mistake, as we saw today [Saturday] and in Brazil. These are the signs that give me hope.’ But Hamilton, who has cut a disconsolate figure at times in the build-up to the race, said after qualifying: ‘I don’t really pay much attention to him, no. ‘Actually, today if I made any mistakes, it was the same amount as him. Today he had to do an extra lap on the race tyre, which will probably have an effect, whereas my tyres are perfect for the race. I have made very, very few mistakes through the year, so I’m not worried. Hamilton poses with Pharrell Williams (left) and Tyrese Gibson after qualifying for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Great Britain's Lewis Hamilton only needs to finish second to win his second world title . ‘Nico is trying everything possible in his head to find some way of dealing with things, I guess. I just keep to myself and do my talking on the track.’ Sunday's race will start with a back-to-front look after both Red Bull cars were relegated to start from the back of the grid for having illegally flexing front wings. Red Bull didn’t take the decision lying down saying, in a statement: ‘We are disappointed that we have been singled out when it is clear that other teams are interpreting the rules in a similar fashion.’ Rosberg celebrates drawing first blood after taking pole position ahead of Sunday's double points showdown . Cameras tracked Hamilton's every move during Saturday qualifying .
highlights: Nico Rosberg beat Lewis Hamilton to pole for Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Brit will start second on the grid behind Mercedes team-mate . Hamilton only needs to finish where he starts to clinch his second F1 title . Hamilton not worried about Rosberg mind games ahead of season finale . Red Bull to start from back row after being disqualified from qualifying .
id: b971e8b84a74e5e4cbb137f47450a16a02b4f1b7
chatgpt: Nico Rosberg's quest to end Lewis Hamilton's title defence in Abu Dhabi began with the perfect start as the German took pole position for the season finale with a stunning lap which put him just ahead of Hamilton on the grid. Rosberg simply had to get pole for the final Grand Prix of the season and the German delivered the goods with a time of 1:40.480, beating his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton by 0.386 seconds. Hamilton will start second on the grid, while Rosberg will begin the race from the top spot. The Briton will start from second place and only needs to finish where he starts to clinch his second F1 title, as long as his Mercedes team-mate doesn't win. It's been a close battle between the two Mercedes drivers throughout the season, with Rosberg leading the championship for much of the year. In the lead up to the final race of the season, reports surfaced of mind games from Rosberg's camp aimed at distracting Hamilton. However, Hamilton did not let these distract him and remained calm and focused on the task at hand. "I don't think he's playing any mind games," Hamilton said in a press conference last week. "He's a talented driver, he's got his head down and he's doing his job. I'm doing mine". Red Bull will start from the back row of the grid after they were disqualified from qualifying for fuel irregularities. The team has been struggling all season and this latest setback will further dent their morale heading into the final race. The disqualification means that both Daniel Ricciardo and Max Verstappen will start from the back row of the grid. It was a disappointing result for Red Bull, who have been tipped to challenge Mercedes this season but have failed to mount a serious title challenge. They currently sit in third place in the constructors' championship standings, well behind Mercedes and Ferrari. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix is the final race of the season and will be the deciding factor in determining the drivers' and constructors' championships. Hamilton is currently leading the drivers' championship by 12 points, and can secure his second title with a second place finish, even if Rosberg wins. Mercedes, meanwhile, are on the brink of clinching their third consecutive constructors' championship. They currently lead the standings by 297 points from Red Bull, with Ferrari third. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix promises to be a thrilling end to a season which has been full of drama and excitement. The Mercedes drivers have been at loggerheads throughout the year and the title race has swung back and forth between the two rivals. Rosberg will be looking to end the season on a high by winning the race and making it as difficult as possible for Hamilton, while the Briton will be hoping to clinch his second title and prove that he is the best driver on the grid. Whatever happens, the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix is sure to be an unforgettable end to a superb season of racing.