article: By . James Rush . It was meant to be a light-hearted attempt to sell garden furniture. But advertisers working for the Swedish furniture giant Ikea clearly underestimated the sensitivities of British gnome lovers. When their TV campaign showed a line up of the garden ornaments being systematically destroyed they received dozens of angry complaints. Scroll down for video . Ikea's recent 'Say no to Gnomes' advert has prompted an angry response from some television viewers . The Advertising Standards Authority has received 50 complaints from concerned viewers in relation to the advert . The advert shows a married couple 'killing off' an invasion of angry garden gnomes in a range of increasingly violent ways . The advert shows a family replacing their old garden decorations with new products from Ikea. Angered at plans to eradicate them from the garden, the gnomes launch a revenge attack. But they are thwarted by the couple – who find increasingly violent ways to kill them off. Some are shattered into thousands of pieces by a well-aimed jet from a power hose while others are gathered in a hammock and smashed against a garden fence. One scene sees a heartbroken gnome standing over a fallen friend with a tear running down his cheek. The ad finishes with the tagline: ‘Make more of your garden. Say no to gnomes.’ The gnomes rebel against the new additions at the married couple's home in the Ikea advert . Viewers complaining about the advert have said it is 'unsuitable for children, offensive, frightening, violent and encourages anti-social behaviour' However the company found themselves on the end of an unlikely backlash – after affronted viewers picked up the phone to criticise the ‘violent’ attack. Around 50 people rang the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) to complain about the ad’s ‘frightening and unsuitable’ content. An ASA spokesman said  they realised some people found the images distressing. However he said the ASA would not be taking further action. ‘We do not share the view that it would encourage violence, condone anti-social behaviour or upset children,’ he said. Last night Dr Twigs Way, a garden gnome expert, said: ‘Gnomes have always played a large and happy part in populating our green spaces. ‘People like to make out that they’re naff and tacky, but they are a lucky charm, which are now loved worldwide. 'The advert was bound to cause uproar. After all, we are a nation of gnome lovers. If I were Ikea I’d be . worried. Beware the revenge of the little folk.’ Ikea’s marketing manager Peter Wright said: ‘We believe that the advert takes a light-hearted approach. ‘We can confirm that no gnomes were . harmed in the making of the advert, thanks to clever CGI post-production . and some brave stunt doubles.’ Ikea has said the advert takes a 'light-hearted approach' to show how easy it is to treat gardens like any other room in the home . The Swedish furniture giant has said it ensures its adverts comply with the BCAP TV Advertising Standards Code .
highlights: Ikea advert has prompted 50 complaints to Advertising Standards Authority . Advert shows married couple finding 'violent' ways to kill off gnomes . Sales of gnomes have risen 150 per cent, according to a UK garden centre .
id: 7918fa066a0705c62c9ee5d5b5f0b65d0ce73c94
chatgpt: Ikea's latest advertising campaign has prompted a flood of complaints to the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA). The advert, which features a married couple finding "violent" ways to kill off garden gnomes, has been the subject of more than 50 complaints to the regulatory body. The advert, which was released last month, depicts a husband and wife gleefully smashing, burning and drowning garden gnomes in various scenes around their home. The couple appears to be enjoying their sadistic acts as they cackle and high-five each other after each gnome meets its untimely demise. This has not gone down well with viewers, many of whom have found the advert to be in bad taste and promoting violence towards garden ornaments. The ASA has confirmed that it has received more than 50 complaints about the advert, and is currently investigating the matter. The regulatory body will examine the complaints and assess whether Ikea has breached any advertising codes or standards. In the meantime, it appears that the advert has had a surprising effect on the sales of gnomes. According to a UK garden centre, sales of garden gnomes have risen by 150 per cent since the advert was released. The owner of the garden centre, who wished to remain anonymous, said that he was initially concerned that the advert would have a negative impact on sales, but was pleasantly surprised to see a spike in demand. He believes that the advert has actually raised awareness of gnomes and made them more popular amongst shoppers. However, not everyone is happy with the increased sales of gnomes. Some animal welfare campaigners have expressed concerns that the rising demand for gnomes could lead to an increase in animal cruelty. It is not uncommon for gnomes to be used as targets in shooting practice or to be used as bait for dogs to chase. The RSPCA has called on gardeners to be mindful of the welfare of animals when purchasing garden ornaments. "We would always recommend that people think carefully before buying a garden ornament that could potentially cause harm to wildlife or other animals," a spokesperson for the RSPCA said. Ikea has not yet commented on the complaints or the increase in sales of gnomes. It is unclear whether the Swedish furniture giant will be forced to pull the advert or face any other sanctions. It is not the first time that an Ikea advert has come under fire. In 2016, the company was forced to apologise for an advert that featured a mother yelling at her son for not playing with a dollhouse. The advert was criticised for perpetuating gender stereotypes and reinforcing outdated ideas about masculinity and femininity. The controversy over the gnome-killing advert is likely to continue for some time. While some argue that the advert is harmless fun, others are concerned that it promotes violence towards animals and reinforces negative stereotypes about garden gnomes. As the ASA continues its investigations, gardeners and animal lovers alike will be watching closely to see what action, if any, is taken against Ikea. In the meantime, the sales of garden gnomes are likely to continue to soar.