article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 17:36 EST, 28 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:51 EST, 28 February 2014 . One father and stepfather of a kindergartener at a Missouri elementary school got into a heated scuffle on Tuesday night after their daughter's class performance in the school gymnasium. Ryan D. Steck, 36, and Kevin F. Alexander, 38, were watching a show at the Alma Schrader Elementary School in Cape Girardeau, Missouri when they allegedly began exchanging harsh words which escalated into pushing and shoving. Two off duty police officers who were watching their children perform at the school saw the fighting, notified an on duty unit, and the men were arrested. A father and stepfather were watching their daughter perform at the Alma Schrader Elementary School when they broke out into a fight . The gentlemen were then cited and released for peace disturbance. Ryan D. Steck is the biological father the young girl and Kevin F. Alexander is the child's stepfather. The Southeast Missourian spoke to Public information officer Darin Hickey on Thursday who said that when off-duty cops saw the men fighting they 'immediately separated them.' Alexander told the Missourian that he became angry with Steck after he forcibly pulled his step-daughter from his hands which she said, 'hurt her.' Alexander claims that Steck slapped him with the back of his hand and says that Steck spit in his face. Alexander adds that in retaliation he punched Steck in the head and 'may have hit him a couple more times.' Steck told the Missourian that he never hit or spit on Alexander and that he just 'blew air out of his mouth.' 'I'm not the type of person who would get into a fight at a school like that,' Steck said. Alexander told the paper that the fight was ' a long time coming.' Both men confess to having a history of conflict with one another but neither of them will be near a history classroom anytime soon as they are now banned from future school functions. 'The worst part about it was it was in an elementary school around a bunch of kids,' Alexander said.
highlights: Kevin F. Alexander claims that Ryan D. Steck yanked his stepdaughter from his arms and that she said it 'hurt her' Alexander claims that Steck 'slapped him' and 'spit on him' so in retaliation he 'hit him a couple of times' Steck says he did not spit but that he merely 'blew air out of his mouth' Off-duty police officers who were attending the kindergarten show as parents broke up the fight . The men were arrested then cited and released for peace disturbance . Both gentlemen are banned from future school performances .
id: 777c9565b2aa85beeb887c244fe558e721a0f7ed
chatgpt: A kindergarten show in Missouri turned chaotic after a heated encounter between two men, resulting in the involvement of off-duty police officers. The incident occurred when Kevin F. Alexander alleged that Ryan D. Steck had forcefully taken his stepdaughter from his arms, causing the child to shout that it hurt her. Alexander further accused Steck of slapping him and spitting on him. He retaliated by hitting Steck a few times. However, Steck denied spitting on Alexander, saying he merely blew air out of his mouth. Witnesses at the scene include off-duty police officers who were attending the show as parents. According to the police report, the fight was broken up by the off-duty officers who immediately intervened. Both men were arrested and later cited and released for peace disturbance. In addition to this, they were banned from any future school performances. The kindergarten show was supposed to be a joyous and memorable experience for parents, but the altercation disrupted the event, leaving many people in shock. Witnesses at the scene recounted feeling a sense of disbelief over the situation. Some parents expressed their disappointment and frustration over what happened. They felt it was inappropriate for the men to behave in such a manner, especially at a school event. The school administration issued a statement condemning the behavior of the two men, emphasizing that such actions were unacceptable and not representative of the values upheld by the school community. As news of the brawl spread, several people took to social media to share their thoughts on the incident. Many expressed their support for the actions taken by the school administration and off-duty police officers to ensure the safety of innocent bystanders. Others opined that the school administration needed to do more to ensure similar incidents do not occur in the future. The incident has left parents and education stakeholders shaken, and the school administration has promised to take measures to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. Parents are now looking forward to future school events that are peaceful and free of any altercations.