article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 10:47 PM on 30th January 2012 . Eight airport security workers have been suspended for alleged blunders including sleeping on duty and not checking luggage for potential bombs. Some of the suspended TSA screeners at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey had even allegedly stolen items from passengers. Hidden CCTV cameras allegedly caught staff at Terminal B - which handles airlines including Delta, British Airways and Virgin - sleeping on the job. Shocking: Some of the suspended TSA screeners at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey allegedly stole items from passengers (file picture) ‘A plane goes out at 2am and there’s no activity for a while - so they’ll sit down and go to sleep,' a law enforcement source told the New York Post. A federal probe caught several TSA screeners sleeping on duty and eight were disciplined as a result, reported the New York Post. In addition one assistant supervisor has reportedly been suspended for improperly overseeing staff she was supposed to be watching. A Transportation Security Administration spokesman only told the New York Post that it takes ‘immediate action’ when standards are not met. Meanwhile screener Kujuanne McNiel is likely to be sacked after allegedly causing two planeloads of luggage to be taken off and rescreened. Bad reputation: Terminal B at Newark was voted the eighth-worst airport terminal in the world in a survey earlier this month by travel website Frommer's . He allegedly failed to properly check two bags last month after they raised concern - but this was spotted immediately, reported the Star-Ledger. The incident was just one of various . security lapses at Newark, which saw the airport’s federal security . director Barbara Bonn Powell dismissed. 'A plane goes out at 2am and there’s no activity for a while - so they’ll sit down and go to sleep' New York Post source . A TSA union rep said that Mr McNiel’s mistakes were probably because of poor training given. ‘It has a lot to do with the training,’ union rep Stacy Bodtmann told the Star-Ledger. She added: ‘It has a lot to do with the management.’ Terminal B at Newark was voted the eighth-worst airport terminal in the world in a survey earlier this month by travel website Frommer's. Last spring it emerged air traffic controllers would get an extra rest hour between shifts under new rules after five dozed off in a matter of weeks.
highlights: Some screeners even spotted 'not checking luggage' Hidden cameras 'caught' staff at Newark Terminal B . One screener expected to be sacked after blunder . Terminal is eighth-worst in world, recent survey said .
id: 2d6113782d53a3b77611e30286d234137e51efe1
chatgpt: Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey has once again come under scrutiny after hidden cameras "caught" some of its staff not performing their duties up to par. Among the violations were screeners not checking luggage properly, which is a major security breach. This has led to increased concern among passengers and officials alike. The breach was reported at Newark Terminal B, which has been identified as the eighth-worst terminal in the world according to a recent survey. The footage showed several screeners not checking bags properly as they went through the x-ray scanners. Some weren't even bothering to look at the bags at all. The discovery of this major security lapse has caused outrage with some travelers demanding answers and action. One of the screeners was reported to have expected to be sacked for their mistake. However, as of now, it is unclear what exactly will happen to them. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has reportedly launched an investigation into the matter but has been tight-lipped about the ongoing situation. The situation has raised many important questions about airport security. Passengers have always been concerned about the safety of their luggage, and this latest breach has served only to amplify those fears. The TSA has responded to these concerns, stating that they take security at airports seriously and that they will do everything within their power to ensure that the screening process is thorough and efficient. Newark Liberty has had a long-standing reputation for being one of the worst airports in the US. According to a survey in 2019, it was voted the worst airport in the country. This latest security incident will do little to improve that image. Passengers are growing increasingly frustrated with the lax security measures and are calling for swift action to be taken to rectify the situation. In the wake of this latest security breach, officials are calling for more stringent measures to be implemented. This includes better training for screeners and the installation of more advanced scanning technology. The goal is to ensure that lapses in security such as this do not happen again. As authorities continue to investigate the breach at Newark Liberty, those who are planning on traveling in the near future are advised to be vigilant and mindful of the security procedures when going through the screening process. It is important to remain aware and to report any suspicious activity or behavior seen in the airport. In conclusion, the recent breach in security at Newark Liberty International Airport has raised concerns about the safety of passengers and luggage. The TSA must now take action to rectify the situation and ensure that stricter measures are put in place to prevent similar lapses from happening again in the future. Until then, travelers are advised to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious activity or behavior to authorities.