article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:18 EST, 2 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:19 EST, 2 November 2013 . A California company has launched an ad campaign that features billboards showing a U.S. soldier embracing a woman masked in a burka. The campaign, launched by the sleep-aid company Snore Stop, includes the Twitter hashtag '#betogether.' Company spokesperson Melody Devemark says the campaign is designed to prompt conversation about stereotypes. Campaign: Snore Stop says its campaign is designed to depict non-traditional couples . 'We wanted to find locations that would grab people's attention. Snore Stop is a product for couples and we want to show couples that you . normally don't see in advertising,' Devemark told CBS Los Angeles. The billboards have gone up in Hollywood, including one on Sunset Boulevard. Snore Stop bills itself as a 'woman-owned' company that is designed to help keep couples together by helping them sleep more peacefully. The company's website features testimonials from several non-traditional couples - including same-sex partnerships - who describe how Snore Stop has helped their relationships. The billboard, however, has led to some controversy from people who think the company is exploiting the image of a U.S. serviceman and a Muslim woman to sell a seemingly unrelated product. Controversy: Critics say the company is exploiting the image of a U.S. serviceman with a Muslim woman to sell a product . 'It's a shock factor....Trying to shock you into looking at it. But to each their own," onlooker Jan Clair told the station. Devemark, however, disagrees. 'People feel that we are trying to misuse the image of military . servicemen. I think they don't understand that there are couples like . this that do exist. It's just that you're not used to seeing them,' she . said. The company says it plans to expand the campaign to 20 other cities, including Houston, Salt Lake City and New York. Zzzz: Snore Stop claims it helps relationships by giving couples a more peaceful night's sleep .
highlights: The billboard is for a company called Snore Stop . The company says it wants to create a dialogue about stereotypes .
id: 8a8d4dd3a4f8a8d1d8c61ada83fc3e55d1a9a820
chatgpt: A new billboard has appeared in the city center and it's drawing attention from passersby. The billboard advertises a company called Snore Stop, but it's not the product that has people talking. Rather, it's the message that the company is trying to convey.  According to Snore Stop, the purpose of the billboard is to create a dialogue about stereotypes. The advertisement features an image of a man who appears to be overweight, and the tagline reads, "Just because you snore doesn't mean you're fat."  The message seems to be targeted at a common stereotype that overweight people are more likely to snore than those who are not overweight. Snore Stop is trying to challenge this stereotype and start a conversation about how we perceive people based on their appearance.  The billboard has been met with mixed reactions. Some people have praised Snore Stop for challenging stereotypes and creating awareness about the issue. Others have criticized the campaign, with some saying that it's insensitive and offensive to overweight people.  A representative from Snore Stop has stated that the company understand that the message may be controversial, but it's always difficult to bring attention to an issue without some level of controversy. The representative also said that the company is committed to promoting a healthy and inclusive society, and they believe that challenging stereotypes is an important step in achieving this goal.  The billboard has sparked a discussion on social media, with many people sharing their thoughts and opinions on the campaign. Some have applauded Snore Stop for taking a bold stance, while others have criticized the company for potentially alienating overweight customers.  Regardless of the response, it's clear that the billboard has achieved its goal of starting a conversation about stereotypes. Snore Stop hopes that the dialogue will continue beyond the advertisement and lead to real change in the way people perceive each other.