article: SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- U.S. President George W. Bush praised the U.S. relationship with South Korea on Wednesday and said the two nations should continue to work together to eliminate threats from North Korea. President George W. Bush and South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak attend a joint press conference in Seoul. Bush spoke during a news conference with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak. The stop in South Korea is part of Bush's weeklong Asian tour. "Our relationship is important vital and I believe it is strong," Bush said. Bush said he was still concerned about North Korea and said the country has a long way to go before it is taken off his "axis of evil list" as well as removing it from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism. "I am concerned about North Korea's human rights record," Bush said "I am concerned about the uranium enrichment..." He spoke hours after thousands of protesters packed the streets of the South Korean capital Tuesday.  Watch Bush speak on his hopes for his "axis of evil" list » . While some demonstrations were peaceful, violence erupted at other protest sites. In one instance, riot police fired a water cannon to keep the crowds at bay. Police said they detained about 80 protesters. They estimated about 2,700 people were participating in the protests, which included a candlelight march and a sit-in. But the organizers said some 10,000 were taking part in the demonstrations. Bush's weeklong trip to the region is his ninth visit as president.  See a map of Bush's itinerary » . His stop in Seoul comes just a few months after violent street protests erupted over worries about the safety of U.S. beef imports. While those tensions seem to have eased, the United States' nuclear disarmament deal with North Korea is also a concern. Michael Green, a former Bush adviser on Asian affairs, and now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, says Seoul's proximity to North Korea contributes to an ongoing unease. "The North Koreans have 11,000 artillery tubes and rockets aimed at the South Korean capital, so any little thing that we do with North Korea makes the South Koreans very jittery," Green said. He added, "On the other hand, the U.S. has to worry a great deal about where terrorists might get nuclear weapons or nuclear material." After South Korea, the president will go to Thailand for what's being billed as a major Asia policy speech before making his way to Beijing, China, for the Olympics. CNN's Elaine Quijano and Kathy Paik contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Bush voices concerns on Pyongyang's human rights, uranium enrichment . He spoke hours after thousands protested in the streets of the South Korean capital . He will next visit Thailand to make what's being billed as major speech on Asia policy . His Asia trip's final stop is in Beijing, China, where he will attend Olympics .
id: 237f4b3fafb5bca89627701cabdb01a61ddef306
chatgpt: Former President George W. Bush has spoken out on the human rights record and uranium enrichment program of North Korea while on a trip to Asia. In a speech delivered in Seoul, South Korea, just hours after thousands of protesters took to the streets of the city, Bush addressed the issue head-on. The former president's comments come amid mounting tensions between North Korea and the rest of the world. In recent months, the isolated nation has conducted several missile tests and threatened to launch a strike against the United States. "We have great concern with the human rights record of North Korea," Bush said during his speech. "We continue to urge Pyongyang to take steps to improve the living conditions and human rights of its people." Bush also expressed alarm over North Korea's nuclear program, which has been a point of contention between the country and the international community for years. "We cannot allow North Korea to continue to develop its nuclear program," he said. "We urge the regime to abandon its pursuit of nuclear weapons and instead focus on meeting the needs of its people." The former president's remarks were made just after thousands of protesters took to the streets of Seoul to voice their opposition to the North Korean regime. The protest was sparked by recent reports of human rights abuses in the country, including forced labor and torture. Bush's comments on human rights were met with applause from the audience in Seoul, which included South Korean officials and American military personnel stationed in the country. The former president is now set to travel to Thailand, where he is expected to deliver a major speech on his vision for U.S. policy in Asia. The speech is being touted as an important opportunity for Bush to share his views on the region and outline his plans for engagement with key allies in the area. Bush's trip will culminate in a visit to Beijing, China, where he will attend the opening ceremonies of the Olympic Games. The former president's presence at the event has drawn criticism from some, who argue that it sends the wrong message at a time when China's human rights record is under scrutiny. Despite the controversy, Bush has emphasized the importance of engagement with China and other nations in the region. "We must continue to work together to promote economic growth, ensure security, and protect human rights throughout the region," he said. As Bush's trip to Asia continues, his comments on human rights and nuclear weapons are likely to continue to draw attention. Many will be watching closely to see how the former president's messages are received by world leaders and the general public.