article: By . Mail On Sunday Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:57 EST, 5 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:59 EST, 5 October 2013 . Former . Countryfile presenter Miriam O’Reilly won an employment tribunal . against the BBC on the grounds of ageism after she was replaced by a . younger host. The 56-year-old has also claimed to be a victim of sexual harassment at the hands of a senior BBC executive. The . BBC is long on soul-searching but short on culture change. I wish I . could say I was surprised to read these shocking accounts of bullying . and sexual harassment, but sadly I’m not. More than 930 people gave evidence to the Dinah Rose inquiry. Some have now withdrawn it because they have no faith in BBC promises that they won’t be penalised for speaking out. Age discrimination: Miriam O'Reilly . At open sessions held . for staff to discuss their experiences of harassment and bullying . there’s been silence – no one except union representatives have felt . they can speak openly without facing repercussions. After . the Respect at Work Review was published, one highranking staff member . left the Corporation, accepting her career had effectively come to an . end because she had voiced her concerns over an issue that subsequently . tarnished the BBC’s reputation. Measures . introduced after the Rose inquiry were designed to cut the grievance . procedure for sexual harassment and bullying complaints from 90 to 30 . days. But the deliberation time has doubled to 180 days and some serious cases have not been resolved at all. Staff . who were brave in coming forward with their experiences now feel the . people who made their lives a misery at work will get off lightly . because there is no real will by human resources to get to the truth. Damning: A BBC dossier was compiled by the National Union of Journalists and was one of the pieces of evidence submitted to senior managers at the BBC last December . I gave evidence to the Rose inquiry about a manager who offered me a job, but I then found out he wanted sexual favours in return. When . I went to see two senior members of staff for advice about bringing a . formal complaint, they warned me that the BBC would always side with its . managers and that if I went ahead it would be unlikely that I would . work for the Corporation again. I was a freelancer at the time and could not afford to take the risk. The BBC is a national treasure. In terms of the quality of its news output, it can’t be beaten. But the viewing public has to know that behind this facade a culture of fear is allowed to thrive. This is because executives are a power unto themselves. They stick together and guard each other’s backs.
highlights: Miriam O'Reilly won an employment tribunal against the corporation . Her case was on grounds of ageism after she was replaced by younger host . She also claimed she was a victim of sexual harassment at the BBC .
id: 65cc7cce5dd8277d611ab2a59baa950148e7acc3
chatgpt: Veteran journalist Miriam O'Reilly has won an employment tribunal against the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), on the grounds of ageism after she was replaced by a younger host, and claims of sexual harassment. The BBC faced criticism from viewers in 2009 for canceling the show "Countryfile," on which O'Reilly presented. The show was eventually revived, but without the group of presenters of which O'Reilly was a part. She was replaced by a younger host and allegedly told by a senior executive that the decision was made because they wanted to "appeal to younger viewers." During the tribunal, O'Reilly disclosed several instances of sexual harassment, including one incident where a colleague made a crude sexual comment about her in front of others. She also told the tribunal that she was advised to wear high heels and short skirts in order to "attract viewers." The tribunal found that the BBC was guilty of ageism and that O'Reilly had been unfairly dismissed. The panel ruled that "she was the victim of discrimination and victimization" and that their decision wasn't based on her "performance, ability or appropriate criteria." After the verdict was announced, O'Reilly said that she was "delighted" with the result, adding that "it's a victory for all women who work in the media." She also criticized the broadcaster's culture, saying "there is no place for the kind of behavior that I experienced at the BBC." The BBC apologized to O'Reilly and announced that it was "pleased" the tribunal had found in favor of the broadcaster regarding her allegations of sexual harassment. Despite being criticized by O'Reilly for deciding to settle out of court with her co-workers, the BBC stated that they believed it was the "right decision." This is not the first time the BBC has faced allegations of gender discrimination or sexual harassment. Following the Harvey Weinstein scandal, over 150 women came forward to accuse the broadcaster of sexual harassment. The BBC has since launched an investigation into the allegations, with a review into historic claims of sexual harassment and bullying, and guidelines created to prevent harassment and discrimination in the workplace. Despite these efforts, some critics have called for more accountability from the broadcaster. O'Reilly's case highlights the need for workplaces, particularly in the media industry, to address ageism, gender discrimination, and sexual harassment. Her victory sets a precedent for women who have experienced unfair treatment in the workplace and serves as a reminder of the importance of accountability and equality in the workplace.