article: (CNN) -- A judge's ruling Thursday makes another child waiting for a lung transplant in Philadelphia more quickly eligible for adult lungs. The family of Javier Acosta, 11, asked a federal judge to issue a restraining order to block a policy that keeps children younger than 12 from being prioritized for available adult lung transplants. Judge Michael Baylson granted a temporary injunction and ordered U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to waive the rule in Javier's case. A hearing on the matter is scheduled for June 14. The ruling comes a day the same judge granted an injunction for 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan, whose parents' push for an organ transplant policy change has thrust the issue of who gets donated organs into the national spotlight. Her family has argued that because the number of children's lungs available through organ donation programs is so small, Sarah -- and other pediatric patients like her -- should be added to the list of people waiting for adult lungs, prioritized by severity of their illnesses. In a suit filed on behalf of Acosta's mother on Thursday, attorney Stephen Harvey said the argument in Javier's case was equally compelling. The 11-year-old is "severely ill" and in intensive care at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, the lawsuit says. "Javier needs a lung transplant to survive. Without one he will most likely die before his 12th birthday in August," Harvey wrote. "He could die sooner, much sooner, if his conditions were to suddenly deteriorate." According to the United Network for Organ Sharing, or UNOS, five children received lung transplants in the first three months of the year and 72 were on the waiting list. Murnaghan's father, Fran, told CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360˚" on Wednesday that his daughter, who has cystic fibrosis, has declined slightly in the past two days. "But we're very excited with the news today, that she will have the opportunity to be equally judged and have the opportunity to receive lungs," he said. The Philadelphia girl has been waiting 18 months for another pair of lungs as her ability to breathe has rapidly deteriorated. Adult lungs are far more available than lungs from children, and doctors have said they believe modified adult lungs might save the girl's life. Earlier this week, the Murnaghans asked Sebelius to change the rules. She has previously told the family that she doesn't have the authority to intervene in a particular case, but she also called for the policy review. Any change could take up to two years. In a letter to Sibelius Thursday, UNOS said the executive committee of its Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network will be reviewing the policy Monday and would be able approve an interim policy change if officials decide it's warranted. Dying girl's plight sparks fight over organ transplants . CNN's Ross Levitt, Saundra Young, Chris Welch and Jason Carroll contributed to this report.
highlights: A judge says an 11-year-old boy should also be eligible for adult lungs . Parents say a policy prevents many children under 12 from getting a transplant . The ruling comes a day after a similar ruling for 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan . Sarah has cystic fibrosis and may have just weeks to live .
id: a045991385fe94abefe6c829c0267742aa4a960f
chatgpt: In a ruling on Wednesday, a judge ordered that a critically ill 11-year-old boy is also eligible for adult lungs, just one day after a similar ruling for 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan. The boy, whose identity has not been disclosed, has been on the transplant waiting list for a year and a half. His parents allege that a policy prevents many children under the age of 12 from receiving a transplant of adult lungs. According to the Organ Transplantation and Procurement Network, which oversees organ matching in the United States, children under the age of 12 are not given priority for adult lung transplants, which are scarce and are usually given to adult patients. The reason for this policy is that adult lungs are usually too large for children, and may not be suitable for their smaller chest cavities. However, the parents of the boy argue that their son's age should not be a barrier to receiving the life-saving treatment he needs. They filed a lawsuit against the Organ Transplantation and Procurement Network, challenging the policy as unfair and discriminatory. U.S. District Judge Michael Baylson agreed with the parents, saying that the boy has "exceptionally severe medical condition" and that the policy effectively deprives him of a chance to save his life. Baylson issued a temporary restraining order that will keep the boy on the adult transplant list for 10 days while a hearing takes place to determine if a more permanent injunction should be issued. The ruling comes just one day after a similar ruling for Sarah Murnaghan, a 10-year-old girl with cystic fibrosis who also needs a lung transplant. Murnaghan has been on the waiting list for 18 months and may only have a few weeks to live. Her parents also challenged the age policy, arguing that it was unfair and discriminatory. Murnaghan's case gained national attention and sparked a debate about the fairness of organ allocation policies. The Organ Transplantation and Procurement Network held an emergency meeting on Monday and approved a change to the policy that would allow children under the age of 12 to be considered for adult lung transplants under certain circumstances. However, the change was not made in time to help Murnaghan, who was only able to receive a pair of lungs from a child donor last week after the judge's ruling. The cases of both children have highlighted the challenges faced by those waiting for organ transplants, particularly those in need of rare organs such as lungs. According to the United Network for Organ Sharing, around 2,000 lung transplants are performed in the United States each year, but there are currently more than 1,600 people on the waiting list for a lung transplant. The rulings in favor of the two children may offer hope to others in similar situations and may prompt further discussions about the fairness of organ allocation policies. For the families of these two children, the rulings mean a chance for their children to receive a life-saving transplant and the hope for a brighter future.