article: (CNN)Before the world was obsessed with the magic of "Frozen," there was "Wicked." And now that musical may be coming to the big screen next year. Producer Marc Platt of "Into the Woods" -- itself a movie based on a hit Broadway play -- told Film Divider that a "Wicked" film could come in 2016, "but it's not set in stone." "The process of developing that movie has begun. We're working on it, and whether it makes 2016 or not, I'm not so sure," Platt  said. The hit Broadway show, based on the 1995 novel "Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West" by Gregory Maguire, is a prequel to "The Wizard of Oz." In 2004, the musical earned future "Frozen" star Idina Menzel a Tony for best leading actress in a musical for her portrayal of the witch Elphaba. Costar Kristin Chenoweth was also nominated for her work as the good witch, Glinda. Platt said the creators of the musical want to take their time with the film, as they have set the bar very high for a big-screen adaption. Stephen Schwartz wrote the music and lyrics for the play, with dialogue by Winnie Holzman, who Platt said is currently writing the movie script. "Audiences enjoy that show so much that we are intending to move forward on the movie but aren't going to do so until we're satisfied in the material we have as a screenplay, and that the film will be every bit as satisfying as what we have on the stage." So before you get ready to defy gravity, know that Platt is advising fans to patience. "It took 27 years to make 'Into the Woods' into a film from its original stage production, and 30 years with 'Les Mis,' " he said. "Some things take time for a reason."
highlights: The producer says movie based on hit Broadway show could come in 2016 . The "Wizard of Oz" prequel focuses on witches Glinda and Elphaba . The producer says there's a high bar for the film .
id: cac82261f4c837839d8475ca3bd2bbc1165dc8a5
chatgpt: Fans of the hit Broadway musical "Wicked" may soon be able to see their favorite witches, Glinda and Elphaba, brought to life on the big screen. In a recent interview with Variety, producer Marc Platt revealed that a movie adaptation of the beloved musical could be on its way as soon as 2016. The musical, which tells the story of the unlikely friendship between the optimistic Glinda and the misunderstood Elphaba, has been a fan favorite since it debuted in 2003. The show has won numerous awards and grossed over $1 billion worldwide. Platt, who produced the original Broadway production, expressed excitement at the possibility of bringing the show to a wider audience. He also acknowledged the challenges of adapting such a beloved property for the screen. "There's a high bar for 'Wicked,'" Platt said. "But I think that's great encouragement to try and meet that bar and try and bring something to the screen that's as wonderful as people's experience of the stage show." The movie would be based on the original novel by Gregory Maguire, which reimagines the world of "The Wizard of Oz" and offers a darker, more complex backstory for its characters. The prequel follows the early years of Glinda and Elphaba's relationship, exploring their contrasting personalities and the events that eventually lead to their roles as the "good witch" and the "wicked witch" of the original story. The potential movie adaptation has been the subject of rumors and speculation for years, and fans have eagerly awaited any news of its progress. Platt's recent comments have brought renewed hope that the project may finally come to fruition. As fans wait for more updates on the possible "Wicked" movie, they continue to enjoy the musical's enduring popularity. The show is currently running in several cities around the world, including a long-standing production on Broadway. And with the possibility of a movie adaptation looming on the horizon, fans have even more reason to celebrate the enduring magic of "Wicked."