article: (CNN) -- As many as 400 children have died of lead poisoning-related illnesses in Nigeria since March, two international aid groups say, and as many as 30,000 people could be affected by lead contamination. The deaths occurred predominantly in children under the age of 5 in the state of Zamfara, according to Lauren Cooney, the emergency manager for Medecins Sans Frontieres. The group is also known by its English name, Doctors without Borders. Cooney told CNN Tuesday that the death toll may be even higher, but said the numbers shouldn't mask the crisis. "Rather than focus on specific death toll numbers, because those often are very difficult to obtain, the international community should focus on the harsh reality in Nigeria: It is very clear that a serious and significant number of children have died due to lead poisoning," she said. A study conducted by the World Health Organization and the Health Ministry of Zamfara State "identified 180 villages where children may have been poisoned by lead, which means that up to 30,000 people could be affected," said a statement Friday from the United Nations' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. The report on child deaths comes a few months after the Nigerian government announced in early June the deaths of more than 160 Nigerians, including scores of children, of lead poisoning due to illegal gold mining. "The lead poisoning is a consequence of villagers practicing small-scale gold extraction from lead-containing ore. The processing of the ore involves crushing and drying, often inside the homes of villagers, resulting in the contamination of soil," Doctors without Borders explained in a statement. Since June, Nigerian health officials have cooperated with the World Health Organization to clean up the affected areas. Since the process began, two out the seven villages known to be affected have been decontaminated, Cooney said. "We already started in June treating patients. We are focusing on treatment of children under 5 but the most important thing is the remediation, or clean-up, so the exposure can stop," she added. Remediation is a lengthy process that requires removing all the contaminated soil and replacing it with clean soil. The process was stopped in the month of August due to the beginning of the rainy season but it started up again a few weeks ago. Efforts to clean up contaminated areas are being hampered by the reluctance of villagers to report potential lead exposure, for fear the Nigerian government will prohibit the informal gold mining, OCHA said. Doctors without Borders says it's still treating hundreds of lead-poisoning cases in Zamfara, but the group warned that the treatment is only effective if patients do not return to contaminated sites.
highlights: Doctors Without Borders says the death toll may be even higher . The contamination comes from villagers' attempts to extract gold from ore . The clean-up involves removing contaminated soil and replacing it with clean soil .
id: 8f4ede26b5e0f9cad9110e319afdbfd1305173a0
chatgpt: Doctors Without Borders (MSF) have warned that the death toll from a lead poisoning outbreak in Nigeria may be even higher than the official count. The contamination stems from villagers' attempts to extract gold from ore in the northern state of Zamfara, which has left thousands of people, including children, exposed to toxic levels of lead. MSF said that many of those who died had not been officially recorded as victims of the outbreak. "The figures could actually be higher because there are likely to be more remote and inaccessible villages where we are not aware of outbreaks of lead poisoning," said Isabelle Mouniaman-Nara, the MSF program coordinator in Nigeria. "The vast majority of children we test have harmful levels of lead in their blood, which can cause severe long-term health effects." The Nigerian government estimates that at least 400 children have died in Zamfara since the outbreak began in 2010, but MSF believes the actual number is much higher. The disease is difficult to diagnose, and many children die before they receive treatment. The clean-up operation, which began in 2010, involves removing contaminated soil and replacing it with clean soil in affected areas. However, progress has been slow due to a lack of funding and resources, and many contaminated areas remain untreated. "We urgently need more funding to speed up the clean-up process and treat those who are still suffering from the effects of lead poisoning," said Mouniaman-Nara. "The Nigerian government has made some progress in treating patients and cleaning up affected areas, but much more needs to be done." Lead poisoning can cause a range of symptoms, including stomach pains, fatigue, and seizures. In severe cases, it can lead to coma and death. Children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of lead poisoning, which can cause irreversible damage to their developing brains and nervous systems. MSF has been working in Zamfara since 2010 to provide medical treatment and support to those affected by the outbreak. The organization has also been advocating for more effective government action to address the root causes of the problem. "We need to address the underlying issues that have led to this outbreak, including the unregulated mining of gold ore, which has led to widespread contamination of the environment," said Mouniaman-Nara. "It's a complex problem that requires a multi-faceted solution, but the first step is to provide the resources needed to treat those who are suffering."