article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A German woman held hostage in Iraq since February has been freed, but her son was still being held, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Wednesday. An image taken from a video issued in April shows Hannelore Marianne Krause and her son Sinan. The woman, Hannelore Marianne Krause, was taken to Germany's embassy in Baghdad after being taken captive with her adult son 155 days earlier. Steinmeier said he was "very relieved" Krause was released on Tuesday, yet there still remains "a great deal of uncertainty" about her son, who "remains in captivity." "Rest assured we will do everything in our power to reach her son, Sinan," the foreign minister said. In early March, Iraqi militants holding Krause and her son hostage demanded that Germany withdraw its troops from Afghanistan to ensure their safety. As part of NATO's Afghanistan force, Germany sent about 3,000 troops in the relatively peaceful northern part of the country. German troops also help train Iraqi soldiers and police, but not in Iraq. The Arrows of Righteousness group posted video clips on the Internet, threatening to kill the two in 10 days if Berlin did not comply. CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video. In it, the woman identified as Krause urged German Chancellor Angela Merkel to heed the demands. A passport with Krause's name was shown in the video. While sitting next to her son, Krause tells Merkel, "These people want to kill my son in front of my eyes, and then they'll kill me, if the German troops did not withdraw out of Afghanistan." She and her son clutch each other and cry as they speak while three militants, two armed with large assault rifles, stand behind the pair. "They are not joking, and they'll kill us. I am very tired. Please help me. Take any decision or we will be killed." Reading a prepared statement, one of the militants says, "We have warned you. Otherwise you will not see their bodies." "Muslims are all one nation, and have one religion. It is not acceptable that Germany leads the coalition troops in Afghanistan, and attacks the secured villages and claim it is not fighting in Iraq." E-mail to a friend . CNN's Diana Magnay contributed to this report.
highlights: German foreign minister says woman was released after 155 days . Germany will continue efforts to free her adult son, who remains in captivity . In video, militants had demanded that German troops leave Afghanistan .
id: faac3a6337907b1552b7068c8701cae665c4885c
chatgpt: Berlin, Germany - German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas has confirmed that a German woman who was taken hostage while on a visit to Afghanistan has been released after 155 days in captivity. The woman, whose identity has not been revealed, was kidnapped back in August 2021 while visiting a hilltop fortress in the central Afghan province of Ghor. According to reports, in a video that was released by the kidnappers, they had demanded that German troops leave Afghanistan. However, it remains unclear whether the German government paid a ransom or made any concessions to secure the woman's release. In a statement released on Friday, Maas said that Germany had been working tirelessly to secure the release of the woman and her adult son, who remains in captivity. He added that the government would continue to use all diplomatic channels to secure her son's release. "We are relieved that she has been released unharmed and we will continue our efforts to free her son," Maas said. "We thank the Afghan authorities, as well as all those involved in bringing about her release." The German government had been working closely with the Afghan government and other international partners in a bid to secure the safe release of the woman and her son. The case had received widespread attention in Germany, where there had been calls for the government to do more to secure their release. The abduction of foreigners is not uncommon in Afghanistan, with the Taliban and other militant groups often targeting Western nationals and aid workers in the country. In recent years, the Afghan government has been involved in peace talks with the Taliban, which could potentially lead to an end to the decades-long conflict in the country. For now, the German government has not disclosed any further details about the circumstances surrounding the woman's release or the specific measures that were taken to secure her freedom. However, there is no doubt that this news will come as a relief to her family and loved ones, who have been anxiously waiting for her safe return home.