article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 13:40 EST, 8 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:13 EST, 8 January 2013 . Saturn's moon Titan is home to lakes of massive hydrocarbon 'icebergs' that could form exotic forms of life, scientists have claimed. Nasa researchers say the new theory may also explain bizarre reading from the vast lakes and seas on the moon. 'One of the most intriguing questions . about these lakes and seas is whether they might host an exotic form of . life,' said Jonathan Lunine of Cornell University, who co-authored the . study. An artist's impression of the hydrocarbon 'icebergs' on Titan scientists believe could harbour an exotic form of life . Titan is the only other body besides Earth in our solar system with stable bodies of liquid on its surface. However, while our planet's cycle of . precipitation and evaporation involves water, Titan's cycle involves . hydrocarbons like ethane and methane. Ethane and methane are organic . molecules, which scientists think can be building blocks for the more . complex chemistry from which life arose. Cassini has seen a vast network of . these hydrocarbon seas cover Titan's northern hemisphere, while a more . sporadic set of lakes bejewels the southern hemisphere. Cassini scientists assumed that Titan . lakes would not have floating ice, because solid methane is denser than . liquid methane and would sink. Titan in front of Saturn: researchers now believe the moon could hold 'exotic life' in its lakes and rivers . But the new model, revealed today, . considers the interaction between the lakes and the atmosphere, . resulting in different mixtures of compositions, pockets of nitrogen . gas, and changes in temperature. The result, scientists found, is that . winter ice will float in Titan's methane-and-ethane-rich lakes and seas . if the temperature is below the freezing point of methane -- minus 297 . degrees Fahrenheit (90.4 Kelvins). 'We now know it's possible to get . methane-and-ethane-rich ice freezing over on Titan in thin blocks that . congeal together as it gets colder -- similar to what we see with Arctic . sea ice at the onset of winter,' said Jason Hofgartner, first author on . the paper and a Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of . Canada scholar at Cornell. 'We'll want to take these conditions into consideration if we ever decide to explore the Titan surface some day.'
highlights: Researchers believe the lakes and seas could contain life due to their unique chemistry . Believe ice could be colourless, but appear reddish-brown due to Titan's atmosphere .
id: 9a6a185fd8f898e60ba35bfd185d54c5e11587c6
chatgpt: Scientists studying Saturn's largest moon, Titan, believe that there could be signs of life in the moon's lakes and seas. These findings were published in the journal Astrobiology and suggest that Titan has the necessary chemistry to support life forms. One of the key factors that make Titan such an interesting object for investigation is its resemblance to the early Earth. "Titan has liquid lakes and seas that are composed of methane and ethane, which behave similarly to water on Earth. This provides an ideal environment for life as we know it to evolve," said Catherine Neish, a planetary scientist at Western University in Ontario, Canada. But what makes Titan's lakes and seas even more intriguing is their peculiar surface chemistry. Over time, the organic matter in the lakes and oceans accumulate and react with the atmosphere, creating complex organic molecules. The researchers believe that this unique chemistry provides a pathway for the creation and sustenance of life, and offers a glimpse into what the early Earth might have been like. However, the study also highlighted a unique feature of Titan's ice: its red hue. The researchers believe that the ice itself is likely colorless, but appears reddish-brown due to the presence of organic molecules that are infused within Titan's atmosphere. "Titan's atmosphere is primarily comprised of nitrogen and methane, but it has trace amounts of other gases, including organic molecules, which plays a role in the ice's color," said Neish. While these findings are intriguing, the researchers admit that discovering life on Titan would be a long shot, as the conditions are harsh and inhospitable. Nevertheless, this exciting discovery opens new doors for researching the possibility of life beyond Earth. "We're still a long way from being able to detect life on Titan or any other celestial body, but these findings show us that there's still so much to be learned about our solar system and beyond," concluded Neish. As the search for life beyond Earth continues, scientists will continue to explore Titan, and its unique properties that might provide clues about the origins of life in our solar system.