article: By . Deni Kirkova . A Spanish designer who has become known for his melancholy style presents his latest collection of feminine and edgy separates on models with what appear to be rather badly bruised knees. Manuel Bolaño, born in Barcelona but raised in Galicia, a sensitive, self-confessed introvert, called his latest offering The Boy With Sad Eyes. His collection of bug-embossed netting, clashing textures and gothic lace-up boots was shown shown on the fourth day of the 080 Barcelona Fashion 2014 yesterday. A model presents a satin drop waist dress with painful-looking knees as a quirky outfit of clashing textures is offset by a bashed-up beauty look . Influences appeared to be romantic, retro, sports and Gothic. While some models sashayed down the catwalk in cute drop-waist frocks others exposed plenty of flesh in micro crop tops and large hole mesh - and many sported those disturbing bruised knees. The . models' bashed-up beauty look, according to Bolaño's sombre description . of the range, may represent a metaphor for a bruised feelings and a . broken heart. The . designer, who's worked in fashion for more than a decade, describes his . latest collection and cryptic though it may be, it does offer some explanation for his seemingly 'wounded' models. 'Let's talk about the first kiss, hidden . from the world, in a corner. Tell me what you think of my life, of my . adolescence. In a corner I treat my wounds, and my tears will be lost in . the rain. I extend my hand, seeking to touch you, leaving the world, . cleansing my body of your scent, like an idiot searching for lost rites. I'm going mad, everything tortures me, but I know how to love. My soul . was pure.' The catwalk showcasing of Manuel Bolano's latest collection called The Boy With Sad Eyes, on the fourth day of the 080 Barcelona Fashion event . Bolaño . moved back to Barcelona in 2002 where he studied Fashion Design . Felicidad Duce, and after a brief working period as part of Mango's . design team he decided to start working on his own collection. The designer, who loves complexities in . fashion, said his work is about little details, Romanticism, and . artisanal aspects - and that he would always choose texture over colour - . in an interview with La Monda magazine late last year. He cites - somewhat unsurprisingly - Alexander McQueen and John Galliano as inspiration. Gothic and feminine voluminous frock and cool chunky boots (l) and more bug-embossed netting, knee high socks and lace-up booties . Models present Krizia Robustella's pretty pastel collection clad in gangster balaclavas at 080 Barcelona Fashion Week . Print screen patterns on a summery maxi offset by aggressive balaclava . Candy coloured pyjama suit accessorised with pointed plastic gun . More candy-coloured print screening on cute, arty separates .
highlights: Manuel Bolaño presents his latest collection on the fourth day of the 080 Barcelona Fashion 2014 . Called The Boy With Sad Eyes, featuring bug-embossed netting, clashing textures and gothic lace-up boots . Beauty look was plum lips, distressed updo, dewy skin and painful-looking, badly bruised knees .
id: 175f81092802a3ef61812e5a9eb7d0462f275c85
chatgpt: Spanish fashion designer Manuel Bolaño stunned the crowds at 080 Barcelona Fashion 2014 with his latest collection, titled The Boy With Sad Eyes. The fourth day of the annual event saw the unveiling of Bolaño's newest range of apparel, which showcased a stunning array of bug-embossed netting, clashing textures and gothic lace-up boots.  The collection was met with immense enthusiasm from fashion enthusiasts who praised the designer's unique and daring vision. Bolaño's signature style was evident throughout the collection as he experimented with textures and patterns to create garments that were not only visually striking but also incredibly wearable.  The collection featured a number of standout pieces, including a black velveteen dress with delicate lace detailing and a beautiful navy blue lace dress with a contrasting black turtleneck sweater. The collection also included edgier pieces such as leather jackets with exaggerated collars and punk-inspired studded belts.  Bolaño's collection was not only stunning in terms of fashion but also in terms of beauty. The models were styled with plum lips, distressed updos, and dewy skin which added to the gothic and edgy feel of the collection. However, what really set the beauty look apart was the models' painful-looking, badly bruised knees.  The bruised knees were intentional and a testament to Bolaño's commitment to detail and authenticity. The models were instructed to crawl on their knees during the shoot to create the realistic and raw effect. The beauty look might have been controversial, but it certainly added to the overall impact and drama of the runway show.  The audience was particularly mesmerized by the intricate details of the collection, particularly the bug-embossed netting which gave the collection a unique, otherworldly quality. The collection was also notable for its use of clashing textures, which created an interesting contrast and added depth to the garments.  Overall Bolaño's latest collection was an impressive display of creativity and ingenuity. The designer's ability to create a mix of wearability and innovation has cemented his status as one of the most exciting designers working in fashion today. The Boy With Sad Eyes is sure to be a hit with fashion enthusiasts and we can't wait to see what Bolaño has in store for his next collection.