article: PUBLISHED: . 07:30 EST, 4 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:45 EST, 4 December 2012 . Non!: French railway's new 'politeness police' will be able to fine passengers for antisocial behaviour, such as putting their feet on seats . France's state-owned railways are hiring hundreds of 'politeness police' to clamp down on bad manners on the nation's trains. The new employees will be 'conflict specialists' sent in to tackle mounting numbers of rude or unruly passengers. The main gripes of travellers included smoking on board, putting feet on seats, speaking loudly on mobile phones, playing music, swearing and amorous couples being 'too affectionate' with each other, a spokesman for the SNCF rail operator said. He added: 'We aim to tackle offensive or irritating everyday behaviour of certain people who make life a misery for other passengers and train employees. 'In certain cases our agents will be able to hand out fines, for smoking, putting feet on seats or damaging property. 'In other cases they will engage people in a conversation about simply having respect for their fellow passengers.' The scheme comes after a French mayor also brought in regulations to force people to be polite to each other in his town hall. Mayor Gerard Plee put up a notice warning that anyone who fails to say 'please' and 'thank you' to his staff or say 'hello' and 'goodbye' would be ejected from the building. He said he hoped the measure would improve 'social standards' in the village of Lheraule, northern France, which has just 185 residents. He added: 'A smile costs nothing and and in the case of manifest failure to comply voluntarily with these norms the person concerned will be requested to leave the premises.' Rude: SNCF, France's state-owned railway, is responding to complaints about people's behaviour on trains .
highlights: Staff aim to stamp out rude behaviour on France's trains . Move comes after travellers gripe about foul language, heavy petting and vandalism . The 'conflict specialists' will be able to fine offenders .
id: 5d84f17ba6d813fe8b933cb2c148d85f03ff1057
chatgpt: France's national rail operator will introduce "conflict specialists" on their trains, as they try to crack down on anti-social behaviour. The move follows complaints from travellers about foul language, vandalism, and heavy petting. The specialist staff members will have the power to fine offenders on the spot, helping to deter bad behaviour on public transport. The new initiative, which will be introduced on trains throughout France, has been met with mixed reactions. Some passengers welcome the move, believing it will make for a more pleasant journey, while others worry about the potential for overzealous workers to abuse their power. Nevertheless, SNCF, the French railway company, says it is confident that the new strategy will reduce anti-social behaviour on trains. As well as imposing fines for bad behaviour, the "conflict specialists" will undergo training in conflict resolution and communication, aimed at de-escalating potential conflicts before they become aggressive. Eduoard de Ronde, head of SNCF's security unit, says the chosen staff members have been carefully selected for their people skills and ability to judge situations that could become confrontational. The decision to employ "conflict specialists" follows a series of complaints from passengers about a range of inappropriate behaviours on trains. A spokesperson for SNCF confirms that, during the past year, the company has recorded a significant increase in reports of foul language, vandalism, and inappropriate touching. The company says it hopes the new strategy will help to change the culture of intolerance that has emerged on some of its trains. While some passengers are sceptical of the initiative, others welcome the move. Marie, a frequent traveller on SNCF trains, says: "I think it's a good idea. I've seen some very unpleasant behaviour on trains recently, and it's not nice for anyone. I hope this will make people think twice before they act." SNCF has yet to release full details of the scheme, including how much the fines will be and how the specialist staff members will be trained. However, the company has said that the initiative will be rolled out gradually in coming months, with the aim of creating a safer and more pleasant environment for all passengers.