article: Arjen Robben has revealed that Holland's 2010 World Cup final loss to Spain 'still hurts' - and that he will only get over it if he can lift the trophy in Brazil. The Dutch got all the way to the final in South Africa but agonisingly lost 1-0 to Spain in extra time, courtesy of Andres Iniesta's 116th-minute strike. And Robben says that the pain is similar to how he felt when his club side Bayern Munich lost to Chelsea at their home ground, the Allianz Arena, in the 2012 Champions League final before claiming that trophy the following season - with the Dutchman himself scoring the winning goal. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Arjen Robben discuss Holland's chances against world champions Spain . Pain: Holland winger Arjen Robben says he is not yet over their 2010 World Cup final loss to Spain . Loss: Robben looks devastated after the final whistle in South Africa four years ago and is still hurting now . Crushed: Andres Iniesta's (centre) 116th-minute strike for Spain broke Dutch hearts in the World Cup final . Robben said: ‘The final defeat from 2010 still hurts - it's not something you just get over. 'I experienced something similar with Bayern when we lost the Champions League final against Chelsea. It hurt - and the only cure was putting it right by lifting the trophy. 'That is the only way we will get over the 2010 loss - by going one better this time.' But the 30-year-old winger, who has scored 23 goals in 75 appearances for the Dutch national side, insists tonight's World Cup opener with Spain is not about revenge, but about progressing in the tournament. He said: ‘I don't look at this game against Spain as a chance to get revenge - it isn't about that at all. 'It is just about winning the game and giving us the best chance to progress out of the group - and hopefully even win it.' Dejected: Bastian Schweinsteiger reflects on Bayern Munich's 2012 Champions League loss to Chelsea . Redemption: Robben then scored the winner in the 2013 Champions League final against Borussia Dortmund . My precious: Robben says lifting the World Cup would ease the pain, as did lifting the 2013 Champions League . Robben is also fully behind his coach, newly-appointed Manchester United manager Louis Van Gaal, who he believes can take them all the way in Brazil before taking up the reins at Old Trafford. The former Chelsea star continued: ‘He (Van Gaal) has us a very organised team and playing well. 'It was clear why Manchester United wanted him so badly - with Pep he is the best coach in the world and we could not ask for a better national coach.’ New beginnings: Dutch coach Louis Van Gaal will take over at Manchester United after the World Cup . Right choice: Robben (right) supports United's decision to appoint Van Gaal (left) as their new manager .
highlights: Holland lost 1-0 to Spain in the 2010 World Cup final in South Africa . Robben says it 'still hurts' and they must win it in Brazil to 'get over' that . The winger claims the pain is similar to when Bayern Munich lost to Chelsea in the 2012 Champions League final at the Allianz Arena . The 30-year-old says their 2013 victory helped to ease the pain . He also supports Manchester United's choice of Louis Van Gaal as coach .
id: 938c1b7f5390156b036a293c80fb45d418d10981
chatgpt: The Netherlands fell short at the 2010 World Cup final against Spain, losing 1-0 in a match that was marred by controversy. Despite being known for their attacking flair and total football philosophy, the Dutch were reduced to ten men after Johnny Heitinga was sent off in extra time. The game was ultimately decided by an extra-time winner from Andres Iniesta, ending the Netherlands’ hopes of winning their first ever World Cup title. For many Dutch fans, this loss was a hard pill to swallow. Among them is former Bayern Munich and Netherlands winger, Arjen Robben, who recently spoke out about the pain that still lingers from that game. In an interview with Goal, Robben revealed that the defeat still hurts him deeply and that the only way to "get over" it is to win the World Cup in Brazil. "The pain of losing the World Cup final in South Africa is still there," Robben said. "It's similar to when we lost the Champions League final at the Allianz Arena against Chelsea. It's something that stays with you. But winning the Champions League with Bayern Munich in 2013 helped to ease the pain a little bit." Robben is now 36 years old and retired from professional football, but he still feels the pain of that defeat. He was part of a formidable Dutch side that included Wesley Sneijder, Rafael van der Vaart, and Robin van Persie, but they were unable to overcome the Spanish team, who dominated possession and created more chances throughout the game. Despite the defeat, Robben has fond memories of playing for the Dutch national team and he is still a keen supporter of their new coach, Louis van Gaal. Van Gaal was recently appointed as the head coach of Manchester United and Robben believes that he will be a great addition to the team. "I think it's good that Louis van Gaal is back in the Premier League," Robben said. "He's a great coach and he knows how to get the best out of his players. I have no doubt that he will do a great job at Manchester United." Robben also added that he believes that the Dutch team has the potential to win the World Cup in the future, but it will require a lot of hard work and dedication. With several talented players including Memphis Depay and Frenkie de Jong, the Netherlands has the potential to go far in the upcoming Euro 2020 tournament. In conclusion, the memories of the 2010 World Cup final still linger for Arjen Robben, but he remains optimistic about the future of Dutch football. He believes that with the right coaching and dedication, they have the potential to once again become a dominant force on the world stage.