article: A Heisman Trophy O.J. Simpson won in 1968 has been recovered more than 20 years after it was stolen in a burglary at the University of Southern California, police said Tuesday night. The trophy and a Simpson jersey were stolen in a burglary at Heritage Hall, home to USC's athletic department, during a July 28, 1994, burglary. At the time, Simpson was awaiting trial for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman, who were killed the previous month. He would be acquitted in 1995. Southern California's O.J. Simpson tries to break a California tackle as he picks up five yards in Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in this November 1968 file photo . O.J. Simpson, then a running back for the USC Trojans, accepts the Heisman Trophy on December 5, 1968. He would sell this trophy years later, but a replica, which stayed at USC, was stolen in 1994 . The trophy was recovered last month by detectives assigned to the LAPD's Art Theft Detail, the department said in a statement. The burglars had dismantled Plexiglas display cases to take the items and the theft was discovered by a janitor the next morning. Police would give no further details on where or how they found the trophy, saying the investigation was still open. They sought the public's help with further leads in the probe and any word on the location of the jersey, which remains missing. The recovered Heisman was the duplicate that is given to the university of the winning player and not the one given to Simpson himself in 1968, police said. Simpson poses with his Heisman Trophy at New York's Downtown Athletic Club in this 1968 file photo . It remained in police possession, and USC athletic officials had no immediate comment Tuesday night. Simpson's own trophy was seized under a $33.5 million judgment after a civil court found Simpson liable for the deaths of Nicole Simpson and Goldman. Simpson is now in a Nevada prison after a 2008 conviction for kidnapping and armed robbery in a hotel room heist in Las Vegas. The Nevada Supreme Court is considering an appeal seeking his release. Simpson's Heisman went missing the year before he was acquitted in the murders of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson (left) and Ronald Goldman (right) O.J. Simpson holds up his hands to the jury wearing the infamous gloves found at the crime scene and his home in this June 15, 1995 file photo .
highlights: O.J. Simpson won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 but saw it stolen 20 years ago in a burglary at the University of Southern California . The trophy, which was the duplicate of the the football star kept himself, was stolen along with a Simpson jersey during a 1994 burglary . Simpson was awaiting trial for the murder of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman, who had just been killed the previous month . He would be acquitted the following year, in 1995 .
id: 35464738dc55ec3065c56b1030e7f1325c6981a0
chatgpt: Former football star O.J. Simpson’s 1968 Heisman Trophy, the duplicate of the trophy he kept himself, was recently found after it was stolen 20 years ago during a burglary at the University of Southern California. The trophy was recovered by authorities in the Los Angeles area. Simpson, who won the Heisman Trophy during his time playing for the USC Trojans, had the duplicate trophy in his possession when it was stolen along with one of his jerseys during a burglary in 1994. At the time, Simpson was awaiting trial for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman, who had just been killed the previous month. The burglary took place at the USC’s Heritage Hall, where Simpson’s trophy was on display. The theft was one of several major incidents that plagued the university’s athletic department during the early 1990s. Simpson would go on to be acquitted of the murders of his ex-wife and Goldman the following year, in 1995. However, the theft of his trophy remained unsolved for two decades. The recovery of Simpson’s Heisman comes after a lengthy investigation led by the Los Angeles Police Department’s art theft detail, which tracked down the trophy after receiving a tip. Though the authorities have not released details about the person who provided the lead, the department stated that they are looking to pursue charges in connection with the theft. The Heisman Trophy, which is awarded annually to the most outstanding player in college football, is one of the most prestigious awards in sports. Simpson’s win in 1968 had been marred in controversy in recent years due to his infamy surrounding the murder trial. The trophy’s recovery also comes as Simpson remains a divisive and controversial figure in American culture. He was famously acquitted of the murders in 1995, but later served time in prison for an unrelated robbery and kidnapping incident in 2008. Simpson’s case has been the subject of multiple documentaries, books, and television specials in recent years, with many debating his guilt or innocence. The recovery of his stolen Heisman Trophy serves as a reminder of Simpson’s storied past and the many controversies that have surrounded him. As for the trophy itself, it remains unclear whether it will be returned to Simpson, who is now 74 years old and living in Las Vegas. Officials from USC and the Heisman Trophy Trust have not yet commented on the recovery of the trophy.