article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Thirty-six people were killed and dozens were injured in explosions at a market in Lahore, Pakistan, on Monday, an official said. Rizwan Naseer, chief of Lahore's rescue service, also said 109 people were wounded. The explosions did not appear to be a suicide attack but could instead have been bombs detonated by remote control, Punjab Police Chief Tariq Salim said. The nation's state-run news agency, Associated Press of Pakistan, said the blasts were the result of "bomb explosions." The explosions occurred at Moon Market in the Iqbal Town neighborhood, the news agency said. It cited Iqbal Town Division's Ali Nasir Rizvi as saying most of the victims were women. Khusro Pervaiz, a senior government official in Lahore, said in a television interview that 60 people had been taken to five Lahore hospitals. The blasts happened around 8:45 p.m. at the popular market, said Rai Nazar Hayat, a spokesman for Lahore police. Earlier, ten people were killed -- including two police officers -- when a suicide bomber detonated outside a district courthouse in Peshawar on Monday, officials said. At least 36 were injured, six of them seriously, said Dr. Hameed Afridi, CEO of the Lady Reading Hospital. The bomber got out of a rickshaw and detonated himself, according to witnesses. The attacker was wearing a suicide jacket with about 6 kilograms of explosives, said Shafqat Malik, head of the North West Frontier Province bomb disposal unit. Peshawar is the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province, where the Pakistani government waged a recent military offense against Taliban militants. Meanwhile, five people were hurt in a bomb attack in Quetta on Monday morning, said Jamil Kakar, a Quetta police official. The explosives were placed in a car and destroyed two other cars and three motorbikes. The courthouse attack comes three days after four militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel. At least 36 were killed and 75 wounded. Among the dead were 17 children, according to military officials. Also killed were an army general and eight other military officials, six of senior rank. The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the mosque bombing. The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan reiterated its claim in an e-mail to CNN the next day, after media outlets quoted officials who doubted the group's participation. "We reconfirmed it, that the TTP has done it and will do more which are already planned," the group said in the e-mail. "We once again mention that we are not against the innocent people and the state of Pakistan but against those officers and ministers who are American by hearts and minds and Pakistani just by faces." Rawalpindi is the headquarters of the Pakistani army. CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report.
highlights: 36 dead, dozens hurt following two explosions at market in Lahore . Explosions could have been bombs detonated by remote control, police say . Ten killed, including two police officers, in suicide attack in Peshawar .
id: 90122043cb6d769a58dbf8ef25a83ad09c62d2a0
chatgpt: A deadly day has struck Pakistan as two separate explosions rocked the cities of Lahore and Peshawar, claiming the lives of at least 46 people and injuring dozens more. In Lahore, the explosions took place at a crowded market on the outskirts of the city, killing 36 people and injuring over 80 others. The blasts are suspected to have been caused by bombs detonated by remote control, according to local police officials. The market, which was full of shoppers during the busy afternoon hours, was left bloodstained and littered with debris in the aftermath of the attacks. The death toll is still expected to rise as rescue workers continue to search for survivors among the rubble. Meanwhile, in Peshawar, a suicide bomber targeted a police patrol, killing at least 10 people, including two police officers. The attacker blew himself up near the police vehicle, which was parked in a busy street in the city center. The blast was so powerful that it knocked out windows in nearby buildings and sent pedestrians running for cover. The motive for the attacks remains unclear at this stage, but Pakistan has been battling Islamist militants for years, and the country's security forces are often targeted. Lahore and Peshawar, in particular, have been the site of numerous terrorist attacks in recent years, and security forces in both cities have been on high alert in recent months. The attacks have been condemned by political leaders from across the country, with Prime Minister Imran Khan expressing his condolences to the families of the victims and vowing to bring those responsible to justice. "These cowardly acts of violence cannot shake the resolve of our nation in the face of terrorism," he said in a statement. The government has also ordered security forces to step up their efforts to prevent future attacks, and police have increased security measures in sensitive areas across Lahore and Peshawar. The attacks come as Pakistan is dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic, which has hit the country hard in recent months, leading to a surge in cases and deaths. The government has struggled to control the virus, and there are concerns that the latest attacks could further undermine the country's already fragile public health system. The explosions and the suicide attack have once again exposed the deep-seated security challenges facing Pakistan, and have raised questions about the effectiveness of the country's fight against terrorism. The government must take urgent steps to address the root causes of militancy and to improve the security situation in the country. Until then, Pakistan will remain vulnerable to further acts of terror.