article: Ryan Giggs has insisted he is having no regrets over calling time on his illustrious playing career as he settles into his new role as assistant manager at Manchester United. After 24 years playing the game Giggs decided it was time to hang up his boots in May, and despite missing elements of being a player he is relishing his role as Louis van Gaal's right-hand man. He told MUTV: 'It was a great opportunity for me and I am loving it. It has been different. The manager works in different ways than I have maybe seen before. Dream team: Giggs is really enjoying working alongside Van Gaal at Manchester United . Experienced: Giggs will be working closely with the likes of Wayne Rooney this season . Legend: Giggs had a fabulous 24-year spell as a player with United . 'Obviously a coaches' work is done before training, after training and during training as well so it is different from being a player when you are just focused on training and that is when you do your stuff. 'It has been good. I have been analysing games, presenting to the [players] and it has been a good learning experience. 'A lot of the courses teach you to take yourself out of your comfort zone because that will improve you. Some of the things I have been doing have been out of my comfort zone but I have really enjoyed it.' The 40-year-old has also revealed that the interim manager role he had at the club towards the end of last season has significantly aided his development as a coach. Experience: Giggs was in charge of United's last four league games last season . Brilliant: Giggs has been lucky enough to play under one of the best managers ever at United . 'It would have been stranger and more difficult if I didn't have the games that I did at the end of last season. 'I had a little taste of it last season, which as I keep saying was unbelievable for me and was something that will be great for me in the long run. In the short time that I have been a coach, that has helped me.' The former Welsh international admits he misses the day-to-day training schedule that comes with being a footballer, but is more than satisfied doing what he is doing at the moment. He added: 'I have been dying for one of the lads to drop out of training to be fair so that I could join in. I joined in the other day, so I have done one session so far. But I am quite happy standing on the sides, observing and watching everybody work.'
highlights: The United legend is delighted to be Louis van Gaal's right-hand man . Giggs retired in May after spending 24 years at Manchester United . While conceding he misses not playing for United he said he has no regrets over taking the assistant manager role .
id: ec962af69bcdcc4335dc8d20ff3a64c1478df73f
chatgpt: Manchester United legend Ryan Giggs has spoken of his joy at being appointed as the new assistant manager under Louis van Gaal. The Welshman, who retired from playing at the end of last season after 24 years at Old Trafford, has revealed that he has no regrets over taking up the new role despite missing playing football. Speaking at a press conference earlier today, Giggs expressed his delight at being part of a new era at Manchester United. "I'm thrilled to be working alongside Louis van Gaal as his assistant manager," he said. "It's a great privilege for me to be able to learn from someone with such a wealth of experience at the highest level of the game." Giggs went on to explain that while he does miss playing for United, he is relishing the challenge of his new role. "Of course I miss playing football – that's natural," he said. "But I'm excited about the future here and I'm looking forward to helping Louis, the players and the staff in any way I can." The former midfielder's appointment as assistant manager was met with widespread approval from Manchester United fans, who see him as a symbol of the club's success over the past two decades. Giggs was quick to acknowledge the importance of his connection with the club and its supporters. "Manchester United is a club that has been a huge part of my life for so long," he said. "I know what it means to the fans and I want to do everything I can to help us get back to where we belong." Louis van Gaal, who was appointed as the new Manchester United manager earlier this summer, also spoke about his excitement at working with Giggs. "Ryan is a true legend at this club and he's also one of the most intelligent and knowledgeable football people around," he said. "I'm delighted to have him by my side and I'm sure he'll be a huge asset to me and to the team." Despite his lack of experience in coaching, Giggs has already demonstrated his leadership qualities at Manchester United. During his 24-year playing career, he won a record 34 trophies, including 13 Premier League titles and two UEFA Champions League trophies. He also captained the Welsh national team from 2004 to 2007. Giggs' appointment as assistant manager is seen as a key move by van Gaal as he seeks to rebuild Manchester United after a disappointing season under former manager David Moyes. The Dutchman has already brought in a number of new players, including Luke Shaw and Ander Herrera, and is expected to make more signings in the coming weeks. With Ryan Giggs by his side, Louis van Gaal will have the support of one of Manchester United's most respected figures as he seeks to return the club to its former glory. Giggs brings with him a wealth of experience, knowledge and passion for the game, and is sure to make a major contribution to the club's success in the years to come.