article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 11:53 EST, 29 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:07 EST, 30 January 2013 . Apple launched a new version of its iPad tablet today with double the memory space of its current largest model. The beefier 128GB fourth generation iPad will go on sale online and from Apple stores on Monday, with more storage space for users' music, games and apps. The most expensive version with wifi and 3G mobile connectivity will have a recommended retail price (RRP) of £739, just £110 cheaper than Apple's MacBook Air laptop computer. Apple's 128GB iPad will go on sale online and from Apple stores on Monday, with the most expensive version selling for £739, just £110 cheaper than Apple's MacBook Air laptop computer . The cheapest model with the 128GB memory launched by the company at its headquarters in Cupertino, California, will have a RRP of £639. The upgrade to the fourth generation iPad, which previously stopped at the 64GB version, comes after Microsoft launched its Surface Pro tablet with a 128GB memory. Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said: 'With more than 120 million iPads sold, it's clear that customers around the world love their iPads, and everyday they are finding more great reasons to work, learn and play on their iPads rather than their old PCs.' The new version include a 9.7-inch Retina display and an HD FaceTime camera. Apple's quarterly revenue by product: Experts believe consumers may be buying iPads instead of more expensive Mac computers from Apple, leading to a 21.2 percent drop in Mac sales this quarter . Apple shares plunged 10% last week after the company reported quarterly results that point to growth slowing after five fat years. It reported October-December earnings that were flat compared with the year before. Sales grew 18% from the year before, but the start-up of production lines for multiple new products like the iPhone 5 and iPad Mini held back profits. The iPad has been a huge success, so much so the firm has admitted it has cut into sales of its laptops . It is also believed the huge success of the iPad Mini has impacted on sales of both the full size iPad and the firms iMac and laptop computers. Apple's sales growth forecast for the current financial quarter of around 7% was also far below the 50%-plus rate it is often hit in recent years as it has seen its popularity surge. The announcement comes during a busy week for computer and mobile phone companies.Research in Motion (RIM) will tomorrow launch its new BlackBerry 10 handsets and software system in a bid to recapture a large chunk of the mobile market. And Microsoft today launched a new touchscreen version of its Office software, the first update in three years, as it tries to extend its reach past its traditional home on PCs onto smartphones and tablets that run its Windows operating system.
highlights: New gadget doubles the memory of the iPad - to match Microsoft's Surface Pro tablet . Costs just £110 less that Apple's cheapest Macbook Air laptop . Comes 24 hours before RIM expected to reveal its new Blackberry handsets .
id: 6ed26066acb5288ac8bab29e0bac8860be3985ff
chatgpt: Apple enthusiasts have been delivered another tech treat. The Californian tech giant has launched a new gadget that doubles the memory capacity of its popular iPad. The device comes just ahead of Research in Motion's (RIM) expected launch of its latest Blackberry handsets. Apple has confirmed the new gadget has the capability to level the iPad to Microsoft's Surface Pro tablet in terms of memory. This is perfect timing for Apple as the Surface Pro has been consistently gaining ground in the tablet market, and is seen as Apple's main rival in the tablet market. The new gadget, which is priced just £110 less than Apple's cheapest MacBook Air laptop, is set to be a deal breaker for many iPad users who require more memory to meet their daily needs. The new feature-packed device also offers a number of other impressive features that make it a must-have for iPad users who require more space on their device. The new product is expected to be consumer-oriented, with a 128GB capacity that immediately doubles your iPad's memory storage. This means users will no longer have to grapple with memory-related problems. The gadget means they can store and access more content on their device, such as photos, videos, and documents. The new gadget has been introduced to the market ahead of RIM's expected announcement of the latest Blackberry handsets. However, the timing, some analysts argue, has very little to do with Blackberry, but more to do with Apple's strategy to stake its position as the leader in the tablet market. The launch of the new device has been received well by many Apple loyalists who have, for a long time, been asking for a solution to their iPad memory problems. Notably, this is not the first time Apple has responded to the requirements of its users by introducing a solution to what they perceive as a problem. In the past, Apple has also introduced newer and more powerful versions of its iPhone, as a response to users who required more powerful devices. With the new addition of this gadget, Apple has done it once again, striving to meet the desires and demands of its loyal and ever-growing customer base. In conclusion, the new gadget from Apple has met the gap that has been the main problem faced by many iPad users. The device is priced competitively, and provides a much needed feature that aligns the iPad with the performance of the Microsoft Surface Pro tablet. The timing of the release is also noteworthy, as Apple strives to keep itself at the forefront of the tablet market. The new feature-packed gadget is worth the money and will undoubtedly receive a warm reception from users who require more memory on their iPad. With this new addition, Apple has shown once again its ability to outshine its competitors by listening to and meeting the requirements of its users.