article: (CNN) -- Clashes were reported Friday in Bahrain's capital on the eve of parliamentary elections in the country. Security forces were sent to rallies to deal with what the Interior Ministry called "illegal acts which resulted from demonstrations," the state news agency reported. The ministry said that saboteurs and outlaws stormed the City Center mall in Manama Friday afternoon, "intent on sowing chaos and terrorizing shoppers," according to the Bahrain News Agency. Those arrested will face legal action, officials said. The ministry blamed the rallies on "instigative calls posted on social networking sites." Unspecified arrests and injuries were reported in the clashes. It was not clear late Friday how many involved pro- or anti-government protesters. There also were unconfirmed reports of tear gas used by security forces on demonstrators. City Center was back to normal late Friday, according to the Interior Ministry. A march on the Lulu Square area of Manama brought a halt to traffic in much of the capital. A heavy police presence was evident as people prepared to vote Saturday. Residents of some villages have vowed to boycott. The elections are being held to replace 18 seats that were vacated by Al-Wefaq, the country's largest opposition party. The party vacated the seats to protest the treatment of demonstrators during February's unrest in Bahrain. An opposition group called The February 14 Coalition said it planned to launch protests on Friday and Saturday in the newly named Martyr's Square, the site formerly known as Pearl Roundabout. "Just like all other freedom-loving people living in real democracies across the globe, we, the people of Bahrain have the right to choose the way in which we are governed," the group said. The Youth Coalition of February 14 announced it would be holding a sit-in demonstration at the same location. Addressing an opposition rally in Tubli, a village south of Manama, Thursday, Sheikh Ali Salman, head of the Al-Wefaq party said, "when we talk about democracy we want democracy like that of Westminster, France, and America, not the democracy of Saddam Hussein, nor the democracy of Zine El Abidine, nor the democracy of Gadhafi." Shaikh Fawaz bin Mohammed Al Khalifa, president of Bahrain's Information Affairs Authority, said he expected voter turnout to be encouraging Saturday, according to the state-run Bahrain News Agency. Bahrain's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa was attending the U.N. General Assembly in New York. On Thursday he spoke about the need for reforms "aimed to provide decent living conditions, security and tranquility in a society of peaceful coexistence."
highlights: NEW: Clashes reported in capital of Manama . Saturday's election will replace 18 seats in the parliament . The seats were vacated by opposition party Al-Wefaq . "The people of Bahrain have the right to choose the way in which we are governed," group says .
id: 1d9bfe5bce7f758b6d3e42f8cc13fa4e5c97a117
chatgpt: Clashes have been reported in the capital city of Bahrain on the eve of an important election. The election, which is set to take place on Saturday, will replace 18 seats in the country's parliament that were vacated by the opposition party Al-Wefaq. The political turmoil has sparked unrest in the streets, as supporters of the opposition party have taken to protesting the election. Despite the protests, the Bahraini government has reassured citizens that the election will be fair and transparent. The government has also emphasized the importance of this election, stating that it will be vital in establishing stability and security in the country. "The people of Bahrain have the right to choose the way in which we are governed," said a spokesperson for the Al-Wefaq party. "We believe that a free and fair election is the best way for the people of Bahrain to express their views and opinions." The election has been controversial, with many people questioning the timing of the election, as well as the government's motives behind it. Some have accused the government of using the election as a way to distract citizens from other issues, such as economic uncertainty and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Despite these concerns, the election is set to proceed as planned. The government has taken measures to ensure that the voting process is fair and transparent, including increasing the number of polling stations and providing ample security measures to ensure that citizens can vote safely. As the election draws near, tensions remain high in the country. Security forces have been deployed across the capital in an effort to maintain order and prevent further clashes between protesters and police. The government has issued a warning to citizens, urging them to remain calm and refrain from engaging in any violent activities. Many are hopeful that the election will be a step towards greater democracy and stability in Bahrain. However, there is still much uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the election and its implications for the future of the country. Only time will tell whether the election will lead to a more peaceful and prosperous Bahrain, or whether it will further exacerbate the country's already deep divisions.