article: By . Jessica Jerreat . PUBLISHED: . 17:31 EST, 16 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:09 EST, 16 October 2013 . An autistic teenager was suspended from his middle school after showing off a picture of a bomb he had drawn. Rhett Parham's mother, Amy, was stunned by the school's response on Monday and said her 13-year-old son was incapable of making any explosives. But his Greenville, South Carolina school disagreed and set a hearing to decide whether Rhett's actions posed a threat to his classmates. Disciplined: Rhett was suspended from school for bringing in this drawing of a bomb . Disbelief: Rhett with his mother, Amy Parham, who was shocked at the school's reaction . Rhett got into trouble with Hillcrest Middle School in Greenville after drawing a picture of a cartoon bomb from his favorite video game, Bomber Man. Mrs Parham, who has appeared on TV show The Biggest Loser with her husband Phil, claimed school administrators said they knew Rhett wasn't a threat but they were worried about how his actions would be perceived by other parents. 'I'm angry. I'm upset and I'm incredulous, honestly, that a child could come in and bring a drawing and that's somehow perceived as a threat - especially someone with special needs who really doesn't filter information the same way that typical children do,' Mrs Parham told WPTV. The mother-of-three added that the school knew he didn't have a bomb and wasn't planning on making one, but felt it needed to make an example of him. 'They were worried about their perception,' she told Fox News. 'Perception is reality, and parents might think you have a . bomb or [might be] violent.' Banned: The autistic teenager was sent home from Hillcrest Middle School on Monday . Innocent: Amy Parham says Rhett poses no threat and would not be able to make a real bomb . Rhett's mother has considered moving him to a new school but resisted because the teenager is happy there. 'I like the school and it's great,' Rhett told WSPA. His future at Hillcrest was discussed by a school 'manifestation' hearing on Wednesday, which met to decide if his behavior was influenced by his disability. A statement from Greenville County Schools said: 'This investigation began when threatening comments were made, resulting in the responsible removal of the student from the school to ensure everyone's safety while the incident and intent were assessed.' Back to class: Rhett's parents considered moving him to a new school but the 13-year-old says he likes being at Hillcrest . South Carolina's education association director Janet Stein added that the school principal had acted in the best interests of the students. 'Principals are in a very difficult spot with this ... if something had happened, the district would have been accountable for that.' At a two-hour hearing today the school decided Rhett's actions had been influenced by his autism and agreed to revoke the suspension.
highlights: Rhett Parham, 13, got in trouble over sketch of favorite video game . Mother claims South Carolina school was worried about what other parents would think .
id: 5ad5643bb24032731a81c19faa52a9db623a1283
chatgpt: A 13-year-old boy from South Carolina found himself in hot water after he drew a sketch of his favorite video game during class. Rhett Parham was reprimanded by his school, which claimed that his drawing was inappropriate and potentially offensive to other students. However, Rhett's mother, Megan Parham, has come forward to challenge the school's decision. She claims that the school was more concerned about what other parents might think than the well-being of her son. According to Megan, Rhett was simply expressing his love for a popular video game by sketching some of its characters during a free period. He didn't mean anything harmful or offensive by it, and was surprised when his teacher took notice of his drawing and voiced concerns. Megan feels that the school's response was overly harsh and lacking in context. She believes that the school should have taken into account the fact that Rhett is a good student with no prior disciplinary issues, and that his drawing was not intended to cause harm or disruption. In her view, the school's decision to discipline Rhett for his drawing was motivated more by fear of negative publicity than by a genuine concern for student welfare. She worries that other parents may face similar issues in the future if schools continue to prioritize their image over their students' creative expression. Rhett's case is just the latest in a series of controversies involving student artwork and free speech in schools. Many parents and educators are grappling with how to balance the need for a safe and respectful learning environment with the freedom of expression that students inherently possess. Some argue that school administrators need to be more careful about how they judge the appropriateness of student artwork, and that they should take the time to understand the context and intentions behind each drawing before taking disciplinary action. Others feel that schools should err on the side of caution in order to protect students from potential harm or offense. As for Rhett and his family, they are determined to move past this incident and focus on supporting his love of video games and creative expression. Megan hopes that her son's experience will prompt others to speak out against censorship and fear-mongering in schools, so that all students can feel empowered to express themselves in ways that are true to their passions and interests.