article: (CNN) -- A class action lawsuit has been filed against Carnival Corporation surrounding the events that crippled the cruise ship Triumph in the Gulf of Mexico. Filing on behalf of other passengers, Matt and Melissa Crusan of Oklahoma alleged in their lawsuit that "Carnival knew or should have known that the vessel Triumph was likely to experience mechanical and/or engine issues because of prior similar issues," the court filing said. The lawsuit alleged that conditions on the ship "created a severe risk of injury, illness and/or disease." The case was filed this week in U.S. District Court in the southern district of Florida. Carnival spokesman Vance Gulliksen said: "We are unable to comment on pending litigation." Coast Guard: Cruise ship fire started with leaking fuel-oil line . The Triumph experienced propulsion issues on prior voyages in mid-January, and on January 28, "there was an incident which resulted in damage to the Triumph's ... propulsion system and generators," the suit said. "Notwithstanding said issues, Carnival knowingly decided to embark on the subject voyage." On February 7, the Triumph departed from Galveston, Texas, for planned four-day cruise to Mexico, but on the third day, a fire broke out, bringing the trip to a halt. The vessel was carrying more than 4,200 people, including 3,100 passengers, and conditions became unsanitary as human waste overflowed into public spaces on the ship. On Tuesday, the U.S. Coast Guard said the fire started with a leak in a fuel-oil return line running from one of the ship's engines. When the leaking oil hit a hot surface, the fire ignited. The Coast Guard is continuing its investigation into why the ship was disabled for so long. The fire started about dawn February 10. Tug boats pulled the disabled ship to safe harbor in Mobile, Alabama, late on February 14. The debarkation process lasted until February 15. Lawsuit filed over 'floating hell' cruise . "From February 10, 2013, until February 15, 2013, Plaintiffs and all other similarly situated passengers were harmed and/or injured as a result of the engine room fire by way of being stranded at sea without necessary services and supplies," the lawsuit said. Passengers slept on deck or in other public areas and used buckets, bags, showers and sinks to relieve themselves of waste, the suit said. They were given "spoiled and rotting food" to eat, the lawsuit said. "Due to the lack of working plumbing and sanitation systems on the vessel, sewage and/or putrid water filled with urine and feces leaked onto floors, walls, and ceilings. This sewage and/or human waste sloshed around the vessel as the vessel listed while drifting and/or while under tow," the suit said. Cruising into court after a bad cruise .
highlights: NEW: "Sewage and/or human waste sloshed around the vessel," suit says . Class-action lawsuit alleges Carnival should have known "mechanical and/or engine issues" Conditions created "a severe risk of injury, illness and/or disease," suit alleges .
id: 8c41090825c31eb00ad23087095fa01e3ca7fca3
chatgpt: Carnival Cruise Line is being hit with a class-action lawsuit, alleging the cruise line didn't do enough to protect its passengers from hazardous conditions. According to the lawsuit, sewage and human waste was sloshing around the ship, creating "a severe risk of injury, illness and/or disease" for passengers. The lawsuit alleges that Carnival should have known about "mechanical and/or engine issues" before setting sail, claiming that the conditions were created due to negligence on the cruise line's part. The suit says that passengers were exposed to dangerous and unsanitary conditions, including leaking sewage pipes and overflowing toilets. One of the plaintiffs in the case, a passenger on a recent Carnival cruise, described the conditions on board as unbearable. "It was like walking through a sewer. The smell was overwhelming and the floors were constantly wet with sewage," the plaintiff said, adding that the situation was exacerbated by rough seas that caused the ship to pitch and roll. The lawsuit seeks compensation for the affected passengers, as well as punitive damages against Carnival for its alleged negligence. The plaintiffs claim that the cruise line failed to provide a safe and sanitary environment for its passengers, resulting in physical and emotional harm. Cruise ship passengers have long been at risk of exposure to illness and disease, due in part to the enclosed nature of the vessel and the large number of people on board. However, the allegations against Carnival paint a particularly grim picture of unsanitary and dangerous conditions. Carnival responded to the lawsuit by saying that it is committed to the health and safety of its passengers, and that it takes all necessary precautions to prevent the spread of illness on board its ships. The cruise line also stated that it had not yet been served with the lawsuit, and declined to comment on the specific allegations. The lawsuit comes at a difficult time for the cruise industry, as many cruise lines are struggling to find their footing in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. While the virus has caused widespread disruption in the travel industry, the problems facing the cruise industry have been particularly acute, with many ships stuck in port and thousands of passengers stranded around the world. Despite the challenges facing the industry, the plaintiffs in the Carnival lawsuit are seeking to hold the cruise line accountable for its alleged negligence, and to secure compensation for the harm they claim to have suffered. The case is likely to be closely watched by both the cruise industry and the general public, as the issue of cruise ship safety and sanitation continues to be a concern for many travelers.