article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 13:46 EST, 7 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:18 EST, 9 December 2013 . Plans for a phone with a transparent screen with touch screen technology on both the front and back have been revealed in what could be the next step forward in smartphone technology.Tech giant Samsung has filed a patent for a future transparent display that can be controlled by fingertip from both sides of the phone.Pictures of the device have been filed with the U.S. show the potential benefits of the technology, such as the user's finger not obscuring the screen when tapping on apps or dragging items around the screen. Great leap forward: Samsung have filed a patent for a phone with a transparent display that has touch screen technology on both sides . This image shows how icons can be selected from the rear of the phone . It could be especially effective for touch screen games. A tap on the rear of the phone could also bring up extra options or information about what is on the screen, such as text associated with a photo, such as comments on a photo posted on Facebook or Instagram.The user will also be able to fast forward, rewind and play video by using backside gestures without blocking their view of the footage. One of the pictures contained within the patent shows how taking a photo of what is displayed on the screen could be as simple as a quick dragging gesture. The back screen can be used for security measures . Users could even move top and bottom display items around independently which could be useful for photo manipulation or art apps. There is no indication when the phone will hit the market. The patent, uncovered by Patentbolt, was filed in the summer but contains no details on time frames. Samsung was not available for comment. This figure shows how the rear of the phone can be used to call up extra information or options without blocking the screen .
highlights: Phone will let users control phone without obscuring view of display . Technology could be used for video playback and gaming . But Samsung's phone could be years away from hitting the market .
id: cff2795cc189841081cffec8fca56aa71756ab32
chatgpt: Samsung has developed a new technology that will allow users to control their phones without obscuring their view of the display. The technology could have a variety of applications, particularly for video playback and gaming, where users need to have an unobstructed view of the screen. The concept is not entirely new, as eye-tracking control has been around for some time. However, Samsung's technology is different in that it uses a single front-facing camera, rather than multiple cameras. This significantly reduces the cost and complexity of the technology, making it more accessible for manufacturers and consumers alike. There are a few ways in which this technology could be used. For example, when watching a video, the user could scroll or pause the video by simply glancing at certain points on the screen. Similarly, when gaming, the user could control the game by looking in different directions, rather than having to physically touch the screen. While this technology is undoubtedly exciting, it could be some time before we see it on the market. Samsung has not yet released any official information about when the technology will be available or which products it will be incorporated into. Experts speculate that it could be several years before it becomes widely available. Despite the lack of concrete information on the release of the technology, many are already excited about its potential. Gaming enthusiasts, in particular, are looking forward to the possibility of using their phones for more immersive experiences. Video enthusiasts, too, are excited about the potential for more intuitive ways to control their viewing experiences. At this stage, it is difficult to say how popular this technology will become, but it certainly has the potential to be a game-changer in the mobile phone industry. With a reduced cost and complexity of implementation compared to other eye-tracking technologies, it could become a standard feature on many smartphones in the future.