article: Doctors are seeing up to 116,000 bogus whiplash patients every month, a report by insurers reveals today. Nearly a million hours of GPs’ time is wasted annually by the 1.4million suspected fraudsters, says research by LV=. And as well as putting a strain on the already creaking NHS, false whiplash claims cost insurers over £2billion a year – adding an average of £90 to drivers’ premiums, according to the Association of British Insurers. Don't lie: Doctors are seeing up to 116,000 bogus whiplash patients every month. (Picture posed by model) The report found that Britain’s reputation as the ‘whiplash capital of the world’ is justified – 78 per cent of UK car accidents, in which one driver accepts liability, involves a compensation claim for whiplash. This is twice the Western European average. Doctors also remarked that the problem is becoming more widespread, with 43 per cent saying they now frequently see suspected feigned injuries, compared with 26 per cent in 2012. The research concludes: ‘The NHS is being put under increasing strain as more people attempt to claim compensation from exaggerated or invented injuries. ‘It is estimated that doctors are collectively seeing around 116,000 suspect cases a month, which is eating up close to a million surgery hours each year. ‘GPs report that dealing with these types of cases not only takes away valuable appointment time from genuine patients, but that additional surgery hours are lost dealing with the law firms and claims companies pestering them for paperwork.’ Shockingly, more than half – 52 per cent – of doctors said fraudsters have tried to pressure them into agreeing with them on their condition. The rise in dubious injuries comes despite legislation being introduced in 2013, which gave the courts new powers to throw out claims and banning lawyers from offering incentives. The report notes: ‘It appears that this has not had a long-term impact. The UK sees more compensation claims for whiplash injuries per car accident than any other Western European country.’ LV= claims director Martin Milliner said: ‘The cost of dealing with fraudulent claims not only pushes up the cost of car insurance for honest motorists but it also hurts the public purse.’
highlights: False whiplash claims add an average of £90 to premiums, insurers say . Three quarters of car accidents include whiplash compensation claim . That's twice the average rate for the rest of Western Europe .
id: 77f2c151905565b1f032603341594c7e3a7acba5
chatgpt: UK insurers have revealed that false whiplash claims are causing car insurance premiums to rise by an average of £90. According to recent data, whiplash compensation claims are becoming an increasingly common phenomenon in the UK as around three quarters of car accidents include some form of such claims. This is twice the average rate for the rest of Western Europe. The Association of British Insurers (ABI) has spoken out about the issue, stating that these false claims are costing the industry a significant amount of money. This, in turn, is driving up premiums for all drivers. The ABI has also revealed that the number of whiplash compensation claims being made every year is in the millions, with many claims being completely fraudulent. It is believed that many individuals are making these claims despite not actually suffering from whiplash injuries. The ABI has stated that the UK has become the whiplash capital of the world, with some insurers reporting as many as nine out of ten claims to be either exaggerated or fraudulent. According to industry experts, the rise of fraudulent whiplash claims has been caused by a number of factors. These include no-win, no-fee lawyers encouraging people to make claims for even minor incidents, a lack of government regulation, and a willingness by individuals to cheat the system in order to receive compensation. The government has recently introduced a number of measures aimed at reducing the number of false claims, including changes to the way in which compensation claims are valued. However, the ABI has argued that these measures don't go far enough and has called for tighter regulation of the industry. Meanwhile, honest drivers are feeling the impact in their pockets as premiums continue to rise. This situation is not only unsustainable for drivers but also for the insurers who are footing the bill for these fraudulent claims. In an effort to reduce the number of false claims and ultimately lower premiums, the ABI is calling for a more stringent system for medical assessments, tougher fraud convictions, and clearer medical guidelines for diagnosing and treating whiplash injuries. In conclusion, the rising number of false whiplash claims is causing serious financial harm to UK insurers and honest drivers alike. The industry is calling on the government to take swift action in order to weed out fraudulent claims and to ensure that motorists are not unfairly penalised.