article: By . Mail On Sunday Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:17 EST, 19 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:17 EST, 19 October 2013 . MPs have been banned from mentioning the name of David Cameron’s former director of communications Andy Coulson in the run-up to his trial for phone-hacking. The unusual action was taken by the Solicitor General after a series of heated exchanges in the Commons during which Labour MPs made disparaging remarks about the former News of The World editor. The move was made to avoid MPs’ comments prejudicing the outcome of the case. Action: MPs have been banned from mentioning Andy Coulson's, left, name in the Commons by Solicitor General Oliver Heald, right, in the run up to Coulson's trial . Mr Coulson, who quit his Downing Street job in January 2011, will appear in the dock of the Old Bailey in just over a week. He will face trial alongside former newspaper editor Rebekah Brooks. Brooks, 44, ex-editor of The Sun and the now defunct News of the World, and Coulson, another former News of the World editor, heard at the Old Bailey last year that they would face trial. Appearing alongside them were The Sun’s former chief reporter John Kay, 69, ex News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman, 55, and Ministry of Defence official Bettina Jordan Barber, 39, also facing charges linked to Scotland Yard’s Operation Elveden investigation. Trial: Coulson will stand trial alongside former newspaper editor Rebekah Brooks, pictured leaving the Old Bailey last year . Coulson, who was NotW editor from 2003 to 2007, and Brooks, who edited the paper from 2000 to 2003 before moving to edit The Sun and then becoming chief executive officer of the two papers’ parent group News International, are accused along with the other journalists of conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications. The charges relate to an alleged attempt to hide evidence from police investigating phone hacking claims and illegal payments to public officials by the News of the World and The Sun. In a separate case Brooks, of Churchill, Oxfordshire, along with her . husband, Charlie, plus five others are accused of perverting the course . of justice.
highlights: Action taken by Solicitor . General after exchanges in the Commons . Labour MPs made disparaging remarks about former newspaper editor . Coulson will appear at the Old Bailey in just over a week .
id: 3787a7cd86672a56a71552961ae85e8296c1a473
chatgpt: The Solicitor General has taken action in response to recent exchanges in the House of Commons. The exchanges involved Labour MPs making disparaging remarks about former newspaper editor, Andy Coulson. Coulson is slated to appear at the Old Bailey in just over a week. The Solicitor General, Michael Ellis, has warned MPs to refrain from making any comments that could prejudice the outcome of Coulson's trial. In a statement to the press, he made it clear that it was important for MPs to respect the rule of law and to let the judicial process take its course. Coulson, who was previously the editor of the now-defunct News of the World newspaper, is due to stand trial for perjury. It is alleged that he lied under oath during the trial of former Scottish politician, Tommy Sheridan. The Labour MPs in question, who have not been named publicly, allegedly made derogatory comments about Coulson during a debate in the House of Commons. It is not clear what prompted their remarks. The Solicitor General's warning comes amidst growing concern about the impact that political commentary can have on the outcome of trials. In recent years, there have been a number of high-profile cases where the media and politicians have been accused of prejudicing trials through their comments. As a result, the rules governing what can be said in public about ongoing trials have become increasingly strict. Anyone who is found to have breached these rules could be held in contempt of court. The situation with Coulson's trial is particularly sensitive, given the high-profile nature of the case. Coulson is a well-known figure in British politics, having previously worked as the Director of Communications for Prime Minister David Cameron. It is not yet clear what action will be taken against the Labour MPs who made the comments about Coulson. However, the Solicitor General's warning should serve as a reminder to all MPs about the importance of respecting the judicial process and not prejudicing ongoing trials.