article: Promoter Frank Warren has admitted to receiving nearly 50 complaints about his ‘Bad Blood’ event at the ExCel in London on Saturday night. The show, headlined by Tyson Fury’s victory over Dereck Chisora in their heavyweight rematch, was blighted by ticketing issues and a late finish. Fans were left struggling to get home after Chisora was pulled out by his corner after the 10th round at 1.20am. Promoter Frank Warren (centre) admits receiving complaints after the heavyweight clash between Dereck Chisora (left) and Tyson Fury (right) Fury defeated Chisora - but their fight did not finish until 1.20am, leaving many people stranded in London . Warren told the Daily Telegraph’s Gareth Davies: ‘We had 18,500 people there and up to now we’ve probably had about 48 people complain. It was a combination of ticket issues and travel issues. They are all issues that will be dealt with. There were some duplicate tickets, obviously not from us. But, as always, we get the blame. ‘We don’t get these problems normally and it’s a lesson learnt. The inner ringside itself was sectioned off by three lots of barriers. I was very conscious of what might happen. ‘We will liaise with the police and security to ensure we deal with that. We’ve got a meeting this week to sort it out.’ The referee stops the fight in the 10th round after Chisora's corner decide their fighter can take no more . Disgruntled punters posted pictures of their duplicate tickets on Twitter . Several people took to Twitter to complain about duplicate tickets with one posting a picture of two sets of three costing £75 each. And another fan told Sportsmail: ‘At about 7pm a group of lads told me we were in their seats. I showed them our tickets and it appeared that we had exactly the same seats only we had got them from different websites. ‘This then seemed to go on all night; people saying they were in our seats and then showing us the same tickets.’ Chris Eubank Jnr (left) was defeated by Billy Joe Saunders (right) in Bad Blood's undercard fight . The British Boxing Board of Control confirmed that they would be looking into the show. The board’s General Secretary Robert Smith told Sportsmail ‘I’ve had correspondence regarding a number of issues with the show; the lateness of it being one of them. ‘I’ve been in correspondence with representatives of the promoter. ‘We had a number of security meetings before the tournament and had assurances from the security people. A number of issues have come out afterwards which we will look into. ‘Our next meeting is next Wednesday and if anything needs dealing with, we will deal with it then.’
highlights: Tyson Fury defeated Dereck Chisora in heavyweight rematch on Saturday . The so-called 'Bad Blood' event was blighted by a late finish that left some customers stranded while others complained about duplicate tickets . Promoter Frank Warren admitted receiving almost 50 complaints after the event, which also featured Chris Eubank Jnr's loss to Billy Joe Saunders .
id: 4025021e46e361b2775cb2b67146f1c6d9b85288
chatgpt: Boxing fans eagerly anticipated the rematch between Tyson Fury and Dereck Chisora, with many expecting Fury to come out on top. And he did not disappoint, delivering a dominant performance that saw him defeat Chisora in impressive fashion. However, the so-called 'Bad Blood' event, held at London's ExCel Arena on Saturday, was not without its problems. A late finish meant that some customers were left stranded, unable to get home until the early hours of the morning. In addition, there were complaints about duplicate tickets, with some fans being turned away after they arrived at the venue only to find that their tickets had already been used. Promoter Frank Warren admitted that he had received almost 50 complaints after the event. Despite these issues, the fight between Fury and Chisora was a thrilling spectacle for those in attendance. Fury started strongly, using his superior reach and height advantage to keep Chisora at bay. Chisora fought bravely throughout, but ultimately he was no match for Fury's power and accuracy. The victory was especially sweet for Fury, who had been taunted by Chisora in the lead-up to the bout. "I said before the fight that I was going to smash him up, and that's exactly what I did," Fury said after the fight. "There was no way he was going to beat me this time." The co-main event of the evening saw Chris Eubank Jnr taking on Billy Joe Saunders, with Saunders coming out on top in a closely contested tussle. Both fighters displayed impressive skills and fitness levels, with Saunders ultimately securing the victory on points. Despite the issues with duplicate tickets and the late finish, the 'Bad Blood' event was a huge success for British boxing. It showcased some of the best talent in the country, with Fury and Saunders both staking their claims as potential world champions in the future. For Fury, this victory is a major step towards a potential heavyweight title bout against Wladimir Klitschko. And with Chisora now likely to drop down the rankings after this defeat, the path is clear for Fury to move up and stake his claim as the top heavyweight in the world. Overall, the 'Bad Blood' event may have had its problems, but it ultimately delivered in terms of entertainment and excitement for boxing fans. With the future looking bright for British boxing, there are sure to be many more epic battles to come in the months and years ahead.