article: Tottenham have been fined 15,000 euros (£11,870) by UEFA over the three pitch invasions during the Europa League match against Partizan Belgrade. The match at White Hart Lane on November 27 was suspended four minutes before half-time following three separate pitch invasions, which appeared to be orchestrated. UEFA's control, ethics and disciplinary body (CEDB) dealt with the case and on Thursday announced the fine against Spurs, who won the match 1-0. Three men were charged over a pitch invasion during Spurs' Europa League clash with Partizan Belgrade . The first pitch invader was on the field for five minutes and managed to take a selfie with Kyle Naughton . The three pitch invaders wore T-shirts bearing the name of a headphone manufacturer associated with Spurs and six other Premier League teams. Three men were charged by police over the pitch invasions, the last of which caused the match to be delayed for around 10 minutes just before half-time. Nathaniel Thompson, 23, Helder Gomes, 22, and Daniel Jarvis, 26, were arrested after encroaching onto the pitch in what appeared at the time to be an orchestrated PR stunt by a headphone manufacturer which produces licensed Spurs merchandise. Two of them appeared to attempt to take 'selfie' photographs on handheld devices. Spurs striker Roberto Soldado looked to strip one of the invaders of his T-shirt, which like those worn by the other two intruders bore the name of headphone manufacturer BassBuds. The company issued a statement via Facebook condemning the actions, saying it was 'appalled' that the match was interrupted in such a manner and claimed an online hidden camera prank show they were working with had gone rogue. Neither Soldado or Moussa Dembele faced action from UEFA for their attempts to stop the pitch invaders. Striker Roberto Soldado grabbed hold of one of the pitch invaders and pulled his shirt off him . Benjamin Stambouli scored the only goal of the game as Tottenham beat the Serbs .
highlights: Tottenham beat Partizan Belgrade 1-0 at White Hart Lane in November . But the Europa League clash was the subject of three pitch invasions . Three men were charged by police over the incident . Tottenham have now been fined 15,000 euros (£11,780) by UEFA .
id: ce621d6b62b3d130a701fae2b75aa94f4d4b3ab3
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur have been fined €15,000 (£11,780) by the UEFA after the Europa League clash against Partizan Belgrade in November. The match ended in a 1-0 win for Spurs at White Hart Lane, but the game was marred by the actions of some fans. The match was interrupted on three different occasions due to pitch invasions. As a result, three men were charged by police over the incident. Despite the arrests, UEFA deemed Tottenham responsible for not ensuring adequate security measures were taken to prevent such incidents. The first pitch invasion happened in the 41st minute of the game, which resulted in Partizan Belgrade's goalkeeper being hit by a plastic bottle. It was followed by two more pitch invasions in the final quarter of the game. One of the incidents saw a fan run onto the pitch and confront Tottenham's Kyle Naughton. The situation was brought under control by the stewards and police present at the stadium, but UEFA believed that the club had not done enough to prevent the incidents. The European football governing body took a dim view of the situation and decided to fine Spurs $15,000. The incident is a fresh reminder of the issues that fans can pose during matches. Tottenham's fine highlights the importance of adequate security measures at stadiums to prevent such behaviour. Tottenham, for their part, have accepted the fine and expressed disappointment over the actions of some fans. The club has promised to take necessary steps to ensure the safety of fans, players and officials in future matches. This is not the first time that Spurs have breached UEFA regulations. The club was fined €20,000 in August 2014 for an incident where supporters illegally used flares during a Europa League qualifying match against AEL Limassol. Although the fine may seem like a small amount, Tottenham will be keen to avoid any further incidents in future matches. The club will be hoping that their fans behave properly in future matches and avoid any further trouble that could result in further fines or punishments from UEFA.