article: By . David Kent . Ecuador striker Enner Valencia is undergoing a medical at West Ham ahead of a £12million move from Pachuca. The 25-year-old scored all three of Ecuador’s World Cup goals, attracting the attention of a number of Barclays Premier League suitors in the process. It now appears that West Ham have won the race to sign Valencia - who will become manager Sam Allardyce’s fifth summer signing if the deal is completed following Monday’s medical. Although any fee is likely to remain undisclosed - Pachuca chairman Jesus Martinez has insisted Valencia will not be allowed to leave the club for anything less than a Mexican league record. World Cup star: West Ham target Enner Valencia was on top form for Ecuador in Brazil . Scorer: Valencia (right) celebrates his header in the friendly against England in Miami . 'There are . various offers for Enner Valencia, the strongest and closest to what the . player and us are demanding is from a club from England,' Martinez told Ecuagol. 'I . won’t talk about prices, but if he is sold, it will be the highest . transfer fee ever in Mexican football football, otherwise he won’t be . sold. 'We are seeking the . possibility that is convenient for him and the club and that he is sold . for the price that we like. We want to keep a percentage of the player . in case he is sold in the future to another big team in Europe. 'It . hurts me, I don’t want to sell him and neither does the manager or the . fans but we can’t go against the career the kid aspires to.' Busy: West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has already brought in four players this summer . Allardyce . will be hoping that if Valencia is brought in he can prove stiff . competition with Carroll for the main striker’s berth in his side. England . international Carroll missed a large part of last season with a . troublesome foot injury and the Hammers struggled to score goals in his . absence. But, with Argentina . forward Mauro Zarate one of four players already acquired by West Ham . this summer, their options in attack will be much-improved when their . season kicks off at home to Tottenham.
highlights: Sam Allardyce close to completing signing of Ecuador international . Valencia is undergoing medical with West Ham ahead of move . Pachuca striker could become West Ham's fifth summer signing .
id: ce31948a00fe559340f0dbafb2c0bba50f70956e
chatgpt: West Ham United is on the brink of completing the signing of Ecuador international Enner Valencia from Pachuca, according to sources. The player is currently undergoing medical and is expected to move to the London club in the near future. Valencia is a highly-rated striker who was widely expected to make a move to Europe this summer, after impressing for Ecuador at the World Cup. The 25-year-old scored three goals in the tournament, and his potential has not gone unnoticed by West Ham's manager Sam Allardyce. Allardyce has been keen to bolster his attacking options this summer, and Valencia's signing would be the fifth of the transfer window for the Hammers. The Pachuca man is expected to join Mauro Zarate, Cheikhou Kouyate, Aaron Cresswell, and Diego Poyet in moving to the Boleyn Ground over the summer. Valencia has been a prolific goalscorer for Pachuca in the Mexican league, netting 18 times in 23 appearances last season. His impressive performances have seen him emerge as one of the most sought-after players in South America, with several European clubs tracking his progress. Allardyce has reportedly beaten off competition from a number of Premier League rivals to secure Valencia's signature, and the West Ham boss will be hoping that the Ecuadorian can make a big impact in his first season in England. Valencia's arrival will be a major boost for the Hammers, who struggled for goals last season and only narrowly avoided relegation. Allardyce has been keen to address this issue, and his summer signings suggest that he is aware of the need to improve his squad's attacking potency. The West Ham manager will be hoping that Valencia can form a fruitful partnership with fellow new signing Zarate, who has also joined from South American football this summer. The Argentine forward is highly regarded in his homeland, and has been tipped to be a success in the Premier League. Overall, Valencia's signing would be a major coup for West Ham, and would add significant quality to Allardyce's squad. The Ecuadorian is a proven goalscorer at club level, and his performances for his country this summer have shown that he has the potential to be a star in the Premier League. The Hammers will be hoping that he can hit the ground running, and help the club to climb up the table in the coming season.