article: (CNN) -- A woman in California delivered what may be the nation's second live-born set of octuplets on Monday morning, surprising doctors who expected seven babies. The first three to seven days will be critical for the infants, Dr. Mandhir Gupta said. The six boys and two girls -- ranging in weight from 1 pound 8 ounces to 3 pounds 4 ounces -- were generally doing well in incubators following their Caesarean-section delivery at Kaiser Permanente hospital in Bellflower, California, doctors said. Three of the babies need breathing assistance, but otherwise the eight don't appear to have serious problems, doctors said at a news conference Monday evening. "It was a truly amazing delivery," said Dr. Karen Maples, chief of the hospital's obstetrics and gynecology department. Doctors initially believed the mother -- whom they did not identify -- was pregnant with seven fetuses. The woman was 23 weeks pregnant when she was hospitalized seven weeks ago and ordered to bed rest.  Watch doctors explain what happened » . Over a seven-week period, a team of 46 physicians, nurses and other staff prepared for the births. When they started the delivery Monday -- more than nine weeks before the babies would be full term -- they were in for a surprise. "After we got to Baby G, we were surprised by the discovery of a Baby H," Maples said. Getting the number correct with ultrasounds before delivery is difficult with so many babies, said Dr. Harold Henry, the hospital's chief of fetal medicine. "It is quite easy to miss a baby when you're expecting seven," Henry said. The hospital said the woman didn't want her personal information released to the news media, and it would not answer questions about whether she'd had  fertility treatments. Preliminary research indicates this is the second set of live-born octuplets in the United States, according to the hospital. Eight babies believed to be the United States' first set of live octuplets were born in Houston, Texas, in 1998. One of the infants died days after birth. The seven other siblings recently celebrated their 10th birthday, the Houston Chronicle reported last month. The first three to seven days will be critical for the California babies, said Dr. Mandhir Gupta, one of the doctors at the news conference. The infants could be in incubators for six to eight weeks and in the hospital for 10 weeks, Gupta said. The mother is doing "very well" after the deliveries, which took about five minutes, Gupta said. "She is very excited that she [has] all these babies and that the babies are looking good so far," Gupta said.
highlights: Babies may be U.S.'s second set of live-born octuplets, California hospital says . Doctors expected seven babies, didn't know of eighth until delivery . Octuplets delivered by Caesarean section Monday morning . Three require breathing assistance; next seven days will be critical, doctor says .
id: 0b589ac3a1772e2fa852d0d257a506f492955456
chatgpt: A California hospital announced on Monday that they have delivered what may be the United States' second set of live-born octuplets. The eight babies were delivered by Caesarean section, with doctors expecting seven babies. It wasn't until the delivery that they discovered there was an eighth baby. The mother, who has chosen to remain anonymous, gave birth at the Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in California. According to reports, the babies were born weighing between 1 pound, 8 ounces and 3 pounds, 4 ounces, with three of the babies requiring breathing assistance. Dr. Mandhir Gupta, the medical director of the hospital's Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, indicated that the next seven days will be critical for the newborns. "While the babies are all stable and doing well, the next several days will be critical," Dr. Gupta said in a statement. "Our team will continue to care for them around the clock." The mother reportedly conceived the babies through in vitro fertilization and underwent a procedure to reduce the number of fetuses, but it was unsuccessful. The mother's obstetrician, Dr. Karen Maples, stated that the family is doing well, but the next weeks will be challenging. "The family is doing well; mom is recovering and resting," Dr. Maples said in a statement. "The babies are in stable condition and receiving care in our Neonatal Intensive Care Unit." The birth of octuplets is extremely rare, with the first set of live-born octuplets in the United States being born in Houston in 1998. The babies, born to Nkem Chukwu, were also conceived through in vitro fertilization. The California hospital has not released any further information about the octuplets, including their genders or names. It's also unclear how long the babies will need to stay in the hospital before they can go home. The birth of the octuplets has drawn international attention and renewed debate over fertility treatments and multiple births. Some experts have questioned the ethics of using in vitro fertilization to conceive multiple babies, while others have noted that the process can be risky for both the mother and the newborns. As the medical team continues to care for the eight newborns, the world will be watching and praying for their health and wellbeing.