article: A coalition of Sydney artists have launched a campaign against a 'hopeless' Tony Abbott, by remixing an iconic political poster. The 4.5m tall billboard has been posted in Sydney's CBD, and is a re-imagining of the  'Hope' image that became famous during Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. However, as much as Shepard Fairey's iconic image helped usher a leader to power, Mr Agzarian's version hopes to show another leader the door. Mr Agzarian told the Sydney Morning Herald he has become fed up with the current government, and labelled it as 'inept and uncaring'. 'This is a government that is leaving a lot of people behind,' Mr Agzarian said. Scroll down for video . A poster designed by Michael Agzarian and the group 'Abbottsolutely' not, is placed on a billboard in Sydney. The poster sums up public sentiment towards the Prime Minister, with just 25 per cent voters satisfied by his performance, according to Newspoll figures released this week. Further, 77 per cent view Mr Abbott as 'arrogant', and the government continues to be behind Labor in two-party preferred polling figures. The poster sums up public sentiment towards the Prime Minister, with just 25 per cent voters satisfied by his performance, according to Newspoll figures released this week. A recent spill motion also sent shockwaves through the Prime Minister's leadership, with one third of his party room voting to boot him from office. Mr Agzarian said the current climate and contrast between Mr Abbbott and Mr Obama motivated him to put his own spin on the famous 'Hope' image. 'Obama gave people hope, whereas Abbott just makes us feel hopeless - and is pretty hopeless himself,' Mr Agzarian said. The group plans to post more billboards across Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra, in addition to 'hundreds of single sheet 700 x 1000 mm street posters' that will distributed across the Sydney CBD, and in the Prime Minister's electorate of Warringah. 'We want more posters up around Sydney and across other major cities,' the group's website reads. Additional billboards will cost anywhere between $3500 and $35,190. Mr Agzarian and his group have asked for public donations to ensure the posters are plastered across the country, and is accepting donations at its website, www.abbottsolutelynot.com. Street posters can also be purchased for $629 for 100, or $799 for 250. Shepard Fairey's iconic image of Barack Obama, which served as the motivated for Mr Agzarian's poster. 'Obama gave people hope, whereas Abbott just makes us feel hopeless - and is pretty hopeless himself,' Mr Agzarian said. The original 'Hope' poster was a central piece of Mr Obama's successful 2008 campaign, and has inspired a variety of other spin-offs in the years since its release. The first hand-finished copy of the poster was acquired by the Smithsonian Institution's National Portrait Gallery in 2009. The 'Hopeless' poster will remain on Regent Street, Chippendale for the next four weeks.
highlights: 4.5m poster created by  Michael Agzarian and his group 'Abbottsolutely Not' Inspired by Shepard Fairey's famous Barack Obama 'Hope' poster . Billboard will remain on Regent St, Chippendale, for the next four weeks .
id: cf08c07e86846acbd9b79cfb6351c65c894985bf
chatgpt: A towering poster promoting the work of 'Abbottsolutely Not', an Australian activist group, has found its home on Regent Street, Chippendale. The 4.5m poster, created by Michael Agzarian and his team, is an homage to Shepard Fairey's famous 'Hope' poster featuring former US President Barack Obama. The 'Abbottsolutely Not' poster, much like Fairey's iconic Obama piece, features the strong, stylized single image overlaid with bold text. Instead of Obama's face, however, the poster depicts former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott with his mouth taped shut under the headline 'Nope'. The poster's message is that Abbott's policies, particularly around climate change and immigration, were harmful to Australia and its citizens. The 'Abbottsolutely Not' group hopes that the poster will raise awareness about the negative impact of these policies and encourage Australians to vote for change in future elections. Speaking about the inspiration behind the poster, Agzarian said, "Shepard Fairey's 'Hope' poster was such a powerful and iconic image, and it really resonated with people. We wanted to create something that could have a similar impact, but with a message that was specific to Australia and our political climate." The billboard has already garnered attention and sparked controversy, with some residents calling it a "disrespectful" and "over-the-top" attack on Abbott. Others, however, have praised the poster for its boldness and creativity. The poster will remain on display for the next four weeks, giving passersby plenty of time to take in its message. Agzarian hopes that the billboard will spark conversation and inspire action, saying, "Our goal was to create something that would make people think about the issues we care about and encourage them to get involved in creating a better future for Australia." This is not the first time 'Abbottsolutely Not' has made headlines with their activism. The group has previously staged protests and created street art criticizing Abbott and his policies, as well as other conservative politicians in Australia. Despite the controversy surrounding the poster, it is clear that 'Abbottsolutely Not' has succeeded in creating an impactful and thought-provoking piece of art. As Australians prepare to head to the polls in the next election, it remains to be seen whether the poster will have any effect on the outcome.