article: The police have been called to investigate claims Yaya Toure was racially abused within hours of reactivating his Twitter account. Manchester City midfielder Toure rejoined Twitter on Monday, five months after leaving the social network site in order to focus on the World Cup. The Ivory Coast international posted his first tweet at 6pm, reflecting on City's derby win over Manchester United the previous day. Yaya Toure received racist comments shortly after tweeting about the Manchester derby . Manchester City midfielder had only just reactivated the social networking site after five months away . He wrote: 'Great to be back on twitter after a good win yesterday. Now my focus is on the next game... Happy Monday everyone!!' Within hours of posting the message, the 31-year-old received abusive and racist messages from other Twitter accounts. Anti-discrimination group Kick It Out was appalled by some of the tweets and decided to report the matter to the police. 'NEWS: We are informing the Police of racist tweets directed @yayatoure earlier this evening and offer him our full support £kickitout,' KIO posted on Twitter. A Kick It Out spokesperson said on Monday night: 'At this stage we have received complaints about two separate tweets of a racist nature aimed at Yaya Toure and now we are informing the police. Anti-racism campaigners Kick It Out reported the racist comments to the police . Toure congratulates match winner Sergio Aguero after his goal gave City a 1-0 victory over United . 'Yaya Toure has been on Twitter for a matter of hours and he has already received abuse of an appalling nature. 'We are disturbed by the fact that someone can be treated this way. 'It makes footballers start to question why they should use these platforms. 'We will offer Yaya Toure our full support.' On Monday evening Toure favourited a tweet from one City fan - @111Lesley111 - who offered her support to the former Barcelona player. She wrote: '@YayaToure Welcome back to the land of the tweetiverse. Ignore the nasty jealous ones. There are far more out here that (heart) you. £MCFC' Toure was the victim of racist chanting when City played CSKA Moscow in last season's Champions League . This is not the first time Toure has been the target of racist abuse. Last season he was subjected to racist chanting during City's Champions League game at CSKA Moscow. 'I'm not just disappointed, I'm furious,' Toure said after City's 2-1 win in Russia. 'It was unbelievable and very sad.' CSKA denied Toure had been abused, but UEFA disagreed and ordered the Russian club to close part of their ground for their next Champions League match.
highlights: Police are investigating claims Yaya Toure was racially abused on Twitter . Man City star reactivated account after derby following five month absence . Anti-racism campaigners Kick It Out reported abuse to the authorities .
id: 5fb48dbfa1f95ad8744ee0d2a4f0b55a15760c0f
chatgpt: Police have launched an investigation into allegations that Yaya Toure, the Manchester City star, was subjected to racial abuse on Twitter. Toure had only recently returned to the social media platform after a five-month absence but was quickly targeted with highly offensive messages. Anti-racism group Kick It Out said it had reported the abuse to the authorities and urged Twitter to do more to tackle the problem. "We are liaising with Manchester City FC and Greater Manchester Police and offering our support to Yaya Toure," said the organisation in a statement. Toure, who is originally from the Ivory Coast, had been a regular user of Twitter but quit the platform in November last year, claiming he was frustrated with the way it was being used. However, he reactivated his account following the Manchester derby earlier this month, in which City beat their local rivals United 2-1. The 33-year-old received a warm welcome from his followers, but it was not long before he was subject to a torrent of racist abuse from a small minority of Twitter users. Many of the messages were so offensive that they cannot be printed in this article, but they included a number of deeply personal attacks on Toure's ethnicity and heritage. Reaction to the abuse was swift, with many people expressing their disgust at the messages and calling for greater action from Twitter to prevent such incidents. Some users suggested that the platform should be doing more to monitor the behaviour of its users and take action against those who break its rules. However, others argued that the responsibility for tackling racism lay not just with Twitter, but with wider society as a whole. They pointed out that Toure was not the only high-profile figure to have been targeted by racists on the platform, and that many other people, particularly those from ethnic minority backgrounds, had also been subject to similar abuse. In recent years, there have been a number of high-profile cases of racist abuse on social media, prompting many campaigners to call for greater measures to be put in place to tackle the problem. While some progress has been made, many believe that there is still a long way to go before the issue is fully resolved. In the case of Toure, however, there is hope that the police investigation will result in those responsible for the abuse being identified and brought to justice. The footballer himself has not commented on the matter, but it is clear that he has the support of many people who have condemned the messages sent to him. As the investigation continues, attention will also turn to Twitter and what more it can do to prevent similar incidents in future. With millions of people using the platform every day, it is clear that there is a pressing need for greater action to tackle the issue of online abuse, in all its forms.