article: When it comes to the most important food items on the Christmas table, the nation is divided. And, as unlikely as it may seem, Brussels sprouts are what brings Britons together as almost half of us (48 per cent) believe it is the most important item for the festive feast. The often derided vegetable is as the nation’s fourth most essential food and drink item for 25 December, new research from Morrisons revealed. What's important? The infographic reveals what the country will be eating on Christmas day . Turkey, stuffing and potatoes make up the top three of the study which also showed that Londoners can't do without cheese - with a quarter claiming it is the most important food on the festive table . The survey of 4,000 Britons called The Great British Christmas Table highlighted how Brits will be celebrating Christmas. It found 24 per cent will be getting into the Yuletide spirit with a glass or two of Baileys, while munching their way through a tin of either Quality Street or Roses chocolates. Drinks choices vary between regions more than any food item - with 12 per cent in the East Midlands proudly drinking sherry, compared to three per cent in the North East. Londoners say that wine is the most essential tipple for the big day (48 per cent), while those in the North East prefer beer or cider (36 per cent). Cheese also splits the nation when it comes to the Christmas dinner table. Those in the capital are the nation’s biggest cheese lovers, but in the South West only 16 per cent will be found championing cheese. Revellers in the capital are also among the most adventurous with their meat. Almost a quarter of Londoners (24 per cent) say they would spend a little extra on other meats such a goose while only 18 per cent in the East Midlands will venture away from traditional Christmas turkey. Fifty-seven per cent of people from the North East plan to savour sausages with their dinner but  only 38 per cent of people in Northern Ireland will do the same. Over 60 per cent of people from the capital wouldn't dream of adding bacon to their meal while almost half of Brits (48 per cent) in East Anglia embrace it.
highlights: Morrisons study also revealed wine, Baileys and beer most popular tipples . South west residents feel bacon highly important component of meal . Northern Ireland revellers will be cracking open alcopops to celebrate .
id: f85334b7e8d1f94b58dfac6b3beb9e3458952292
chatgpt: UK supermarket chain Morrisons has released a new study on the drinking and dining habits of its customers. The results provide a fascinating insight into what the nation is eating and drinking. According to the study, the most popular alcoholic drinks among Morrisons’ customers are wine, Baileys and beer. Wine, in particular, is a firm favourite, with red wine being the most popular type of wine sold at Morrisons. However, it’s not just alcohol that Morrisons’ customers are interested in. The study also revealed that bacon is a highly important component of a meal for residents of the south west of England. The salty, smoked meat was found to be a staple of breakfast, lunch and dinner in the region. Meanwhile, in Northern Ireland, it seems that alcopops will be the drink of choice for revellers celebrating special occasions. These sweet, fruity drinks have been popular for decades, and it seems that they are still a firm favourite among the young and young-at-heart. Other interesting findings from the study include the fact that Morrisons’ customers are more likely to eat meat than vegetarian or vegan foods, and that ready meals are becoming increasingly popular as people look for convenient and easy meal options. The study also revealed that Morrisons’ customers are drinking less than they used to. This could be due to a range of factors, including health concerns, financial considerations and changing attitudes towards alcohol. Despite this, Morrisons still stocks a wide range of alcoholic drinks, from beer and wine to spirits and liqueurs. The supermarket also offers a range of non-alcoholic drinks, including soft drinks, juices and smoothies. Overall, the Morrisons study provides a fascinating insight into the eating and drinking habits of the UK’s population. Whether you’re a wine drinker in the south west, a bacon lover in the north or an alcopop fan in Northern Ireland, Morrisons has something for everyone.