article: Swansea City completed the signing of Tottenham full back Kyle Naughton on a three-and-a-half-year contract on Thursday. The 26-year-old passed a medical and agreed personal terms in south Wales on Wednesday, before the club announced the deal on Thursday afternoon. The transfer fee for the right back was marginally under £5million. Naughton told Swansea's official website: 'I'm pleased it's all done because there has been talk since the summer over a potential move. 'My main aim is to start playing regular football again. I know it's going to be a tough challenge because there are some very good players here, but that's my goal. Kyle Naughton completed his £5m move from Tottenham to Swansea on Thursday . Naughton passed a medical on Wednesday before completing his switch to the south Wales club . 'I've had quite a few loan moves over my career, but I actually played 34 games last season for Spurs, which is a fair amount. The main problem for me, however, was that I was still in and out of the team. That's difficult at times. 'I'm sad to be leaving Spurs because it's a great club. I was there quite a while and the lads are a great bunch. But now I just want to settle into life at Swansea and try to play regularly. It all comes down to playing football – after all, that's my job.' Swansea could yet do more business with Spurs in this window, having been quoted £5m for Tom Carroll, who is on loan at the Liberty Stadium. The Swans could also be in the market for Tottenham's Tom Carroll (right) who is currently on loan at the club . Having signed promising central midfielder Matt Grimes from Exeter, Garry Monk is weighing up whether to move for a player who occupies the same position. Naughton played in only five games for Mauricio Pochettino this season and was told he was no longer needed. Monk has been won over by his ability to play on either side of defence, with Swansea keen to strengthen at both left and right back. Swansea's existing left back Neil Taylor has struggled to fill the void left by Ben Davies' summer departure for Tottenham and is a target for Crystal Palace. Meanwhile, long-serving right-back Angel Rangel is 32 and there were doubts last months over his ability to play three games in a week. An offer has gone in for Norwich left-back Martin Olsson. Garry Monk is worried about 32-year-old Angel Rangel's ability to play three games in a week .
highlights: Swansea completed the signing of Kyle Naughton on Thursday . Naughton signed a three-and-a-half year contract with the club . The 26-year-old passed a medical in south Wales on Wednesday . The club are also interested in signing Tom Carroll and Martin Olsson .
id: 14e7a3b5570d3637e2f5fbef1c4f966fe161f665
chatgpt: Swansea City Football Club have completed the signing of Kyle Naughton from fellow Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur. The 26-year-old right back put pen to paper on a three-and-a-half-year contract on Thursday, having successfully passed a medical examination the day before in south Wales. Naughton arrived at Tottenham in July 2009 from Sheffield United for a reported fee of £5m. He made 74 appearances in all competitions for Spurs, scoring one goal in the process. However, he has been unable to establish himself as a regular in the starting lineup, with competition from the likes of Kyle Walker and Vlad Chiriches. Swansea City Manager Garry Monk expressed his delight at securing Naughton's signature, praising his versatility and experience in the Premier League. "Kyle is a good, solid defender who can play on either side of the back four. He has a lot of experience in this division and will add competition for places in our squad," Monk said. Naughton is the second signing for Swansea City during the January transfer window, following the arrival of Jack Cork from Southampton. However, Monk is keen to add more players to his squad, with reports suggesting that he is interested in Tom Carroll and Martin Olsson. Carroll, a 22-year-old midfielder, is currently on loan at Swansea from Tottenham, and has impressed with his performances so far. Monk is said to be keen on making the move permanent, but faces competition from other Premier League clubs. Carroll has made six appearances for the Swans since joining in January, and has provided two assists in the process. Olsson, a left back, currently plays for Blackburn Rovers in the Championship, but is believed to be keen on a move to the Premier League. The Sweden international has made 32 appearances for Blackburn this season, scoring three goals and providing two assists. Swansea City are currently 10th in the Premier League table, with 30 points from 23 games. Monk will be hoping that the addition of Naughton and other potential signings will help the Swans push up the league table and secure a top half finish.