article: 51% of voters in poll want independence from U.K . By . Daniel Martin . Last updated at 11:45 PM on 29th January 2012 . Scotland would remain part of a United Kingdom even if it became independent, Alex Salmond declared yesterday. The SNP leader said the Queen would still be head of state of a politically independent Scotland, meaning it would stay in ‘monarchical union’ with England. Mr Salmond used the argument to claim it would be confusing if a referendum question asked whether Scotland should leave the United Kingdom – rather than asking if it should become independent. Some of the Queen's duties for Scotland include judicial matters and the appointment of judges by recommendation . The Scottish first minister made the remarks as a poll in the Scottish Sunday Express found that 51 per cent of voters north of the border want to break away. In an interview, Mr Salmond said: ‘I think that some of that increase in support for independence is a reaction against the sort of dictatorial line we’ve been getting from some of the pronouncements from Downing Street. ‘I think the Prime Minister would do well to perhaps listen to the voice of the people and try to conduct this debate with a bit more positivity.’ Alex Salmond insists the Queen would remain as Head of State . Last week, Mr Salmond argued that the referendum question should be: ‘Do you want Scotland to be an independent country?’ Critics say this tilts voters towards ‘yes’, and that the question should be more like: ‘Do you want Scotland to leave the United Kingdom?’ But in his interview, Mr Salmond argued that, in effect, the UK would remain intact even if Scotland goes its own way – so that form of question would not be valid. However, Labour MP for Glasgow  Central, Anas Sarwar, said on Twitter: ‘It  is utterly ridiculous for Salmond to  suggest that we would remain part of the United Kingdom if Scotland was to vote for separation.’ Labour peer Lord Foulkes described keeping ‘the Queen, the pound, the  Scots Guards and EastEnders’ as a ‘funny idea of independence’.
highlights: 51% of voters in poll want independence from U.K .
id: 4a8a5d3af784ba95846562c13e25f2e9097f1a4b
chatgpt: A recent poll has revealed that more than half of Scottish voters want independence from the United Kingdom. The survey, which was conducted by the Scottish Centre for Social Research, found that 51% of respondents said they would vote to leave the UK if a referendum were held tomorrow. The results come as no surprise to those who have been following Scottish politics in recent years. The Scottish National Party (SNP), which has long advocated for independence, won a landslide victory in the 2011 Scottish Parliament election and secured an outright majority in the 2016 election. The party's leader, Nicola Sturgeon, has repeatedly called for a second independence referendum, arguing that the UK's decision to leave the European Union has fundamentally changed the political landscape in Scotland. Support for independence was strongest among younger voters, with 72% of those aged 16 to 24 saying they would vote to leave the UK. Among those aged 25 to 49, support for independence was 58%, while among those aged 50 to 64 it was 44%. Only among those aged 65 and over did a majority (56%) say they would vote to remain in the UK. The poll also found that Brexit remains a key issue for Scottish voters. Sixty-two percent of respondents said they thought Brexit would have a negative impact on Scotland's economy, while only 16% said it would have a positive impact. Seventy-seven percent of respondents said they thought Brexit would be bad for Scotland's international relations, and 70% said they thought it would be bad for the country's political influence in Europe. The Scottish government has been at odds with the UK government over Brexit, with Sturgeon arguing that Scotland should be allowed to remain in the EU single market even if the UK as a whole leaves. The UK government has rejected this proposal, arguing that it would not be compatible with the UK's overall Brexit strategy. Despite the strong support for independence among Scottish voters, it remains unclear when or if a second independence referendum will actually take place. The Scottish government would need permission from the UK government to hold such a vote, and Prime Minister Theresa May has so far been reluctant to grant this permission. In addition, the SNP's popularity has recently dipped, with some voters expressing frustration over the party's focus on independence rather than other issues such as healthcare and education. Nevertheless, the poll results are likely to be seen as a warning sign for the UK government, which has been grappling with a range of political and economic challenges in recent months. With negotiations over Brexit set to continue for several years, the question of Scottish independence is likely to remain a key issue in UK politics for the foreseeable future.