article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:18 EST, 24 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:36 EST, 24 January 2014 . George Zimmerman's recent foray into the art world hasn't exactly earned him much critical praise. But it's definitely garnered him some attention - so much so that it could potentially get him sued by one of the largest news-wire services on earth. For his latest painting, the man acquitted of murder in the shooting death of unarmed Florida teen Trayvon Martin has painted a portrait of Florida State Attorney General Angela Corey, who is the woman who decided to charge Zimmerman with murder in Martin's death. The problem for Zimmerman, however, is that the photo he used as the basis for his painting is owned by the Associated Press, and the wire service doesn't appear too keen on the idea of letting Zimmerman use it free of charge. 'Art': George Zimmerman painted this painting of Angela Corey, the state attorney who charged him with murder in Trayvon Martin's death . Look familiar: This photo was taken by an AP photographer in April 2012. The AP has sent Zimmerman a cease-and-desist order . The photo was taken at a press conference Corey held in April of 2012 by AP photographer Rick Wilson. Now, both Wilson and the AP have taken action to prevent Zimmerman from using the image. 'George Zimmerman clearly directly copied an AP photo to create his . painting of Florida State Attorney Angela Corey,' AP spokesman Paul Colford said in the . statement to ANIMAL New York. 'The AP has sent a cease-and-desist letter asserting its . copyright in the photo to the lawyer who recently represented Zimmerman. That lawyer has responded, and though she no longer represents Mr. Zimmerman, she will be forwarding the letter to him today.' Wilson also has hired an attorney, John Phillips, who confirmed to the Orlando Sentinel that Wilson is prepared, 'in conjunction with the AP, to file suit against him.' 'Artist': Zimmerman is currently more than $2 million in debt. His first painting sold for more than $100,000 . Zimmerman claims that he started painting to give himself a creative outlet. 'I found a creative, way to express myself, my emotions and the symbols . that represent my experiences,' a post attributed to Zimmerman ebay reads. 'My art work allows me to reflect, providing a therapeutic outlet and . allows me to remain indoors.' With that in mind, Zimmerman also is about $2 million in debt for unpaid legal fees, and his only previous painting sold for more than $100,000. According to his brother, Zimmerman hopes to cash in on his latest work, too. Robert Zimmerman Thursday posted on Twitter that 'all options, [including] affordable prints' were being considered for his painting of Corey.
highlights: The photo Zimmerman appears to have used for his latest painting was taken by AP photographer Rick Wilson . Zimmerman's painting mocks state Attorney Angela Corey, who decided to charge him with murder in the death of Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman currently is more than $2 million in debt . His last painting sold for more than $100,000 .
id: e530310b6bf664fb99d18366e754711af822050a
chatgpt: Controversial figure George Zimmerman is once again making waves with his latest painting, which appears to mock the state attorney who charged him with murder in the death of Trayvon Martin. The photo used in the painting was reportedly taken by AP photographer Rick Wilson. Zimmerman, who was acquitted in the 2012 shooting death of Martin, has seen his fair share of controversy and legal troubles in the years since. He is currently in debt to the tune of more than $2 million, and has resorted to selling his artwork to try and make ends meet. The painting in question features a large white letter "B" with streaks of red and blue running down the middle, apparently intended to resemble the American flag. In the foreground of the painting is an image of state attorney Angela Corey, who was responsible for charging Zimmerman with second-degree murder after Martin's death. Corey is depicted with her arms raised in a manner reminiscent of Nazi salutes, and the letter "B" is clearly intended to stand for "bigotry." Zimmerman's latest work has been denounced by many, with some calling it a blatant attempt to capitalize on his notoriety. This is not the first time that Zimmerman has attempted to profit off of his infamy. His previous painting, which depicted an American flag with the words "God, One Nation, with Liberty and Justice for All," sold for more than $100,000 on eBay. That painting was also widely criticized, with many calling it exploitative and insensitive. Zimmerman's latest painting is just the latest in a series of controversies that have plagued the former neighborhood watchman since the death of Martin. He has been accused of assault and domestic violence on multiple occasions, and has also made headlines for his aggressive behavior towards people who have approached him in public. Despite his legal troubles and penchant for controversy, however, Zimmerman remains a free man. He continues to maintain that he acted in self-defense when he shot Martin, and has even sought to profit off of his notoriety in recent years. But with his debt continuing to mount and his controversial behavior making headlines once again, it remains to be seen what the future holds for George Zimmerman. For now, however, it seems that he will continue to court controversy and push the boundaries of acceptable behavior in his quest for notoriety and financial gain.