article: (CNN)  -- Togo international Emmanuel Adebayor scored a timely hat-trick as Manchester City all but guaranteed their passage into the knockout stage of the Europa League with a 3-1 win over Lech Poznan at Eastlands. It was the first goals of the season for Adebayor and a reminder of his talents to manager Roberto Mancini with City heavily linked with a move for Manchester United's star striker Wayne Rooney in the January transfer window. Rooney would be reunited with Carlos Tevez should he choose to join United's city rivals, the Argentine rested by Mancini for Thursday's match against spirited Polish opposition. Adebayor put City two-up early in the first half, but Lech hit back through Joel Tshibamba just after the break and had chances to equalize before the striker sealed victory with his third goal late in the second half after being set up by the excellent David Silva. England winger Adam Johnson nearly scored a superb individual fourth, but the night belonged to Adebayor, who might have also added to his tally. The win sees them top of Group A ahead of Lech, with Juventus in third after their 1-1 draw in Salzburg. Earlier, fellow English Premier League side Liverpool battled to a goalless draw against Napoli in the southern Italian city. There was a massive police presence at the San Paolo stadium after attacks on Liverpool supporters prior to the tie. Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson, under pressure after their dismal start to the English Premier League season, fielded an inexperienced side lacking Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres and they did him proud. With five points from three games, they remain top and favorites to qualify from Group K . "We're going through a very bad passage in the league, things haven't gone our way for a variety of reasons and that's why we find ourselves down the bottom and desperate to get away," Hodgson told AFP. In other Europa League action, Portuguse giants Porto scored their third win from three as they triumphed 3-1 at Turkey's Besiktas - despite having two men sent off. Falcao hit the opener and Hulk scored the other two goals before Bobo netted a consolation for the hosts. Paris St Germain remain unbeaten in Group J as the French side thanked Clement Chantome for a late equaliser against Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund. The Germans had gone ahead through Nuri Sahin penalty. Spain's Sevilla are chasing PSG in second in a tough group, one point behind, after a 1-0 win at Karpaty Lviv with Frederic Kanoute scoring the winner.
highlights: Emmanuel Adebayor scores a hat-trick as Manchester City beat Lech Poznan 3-1 . City head Europa League Group A after fine victory at Eastlands . Liverpool hold Napoli to 0-0 draw in match held with strong police presence . Porto make it three wins from three with 3-1 victory over Besiktas .
id: 8b25ecb576e8908160e161397e0392473d54f23c
chatgpt: Manchester City continued their unbeaten run in the Europa League with an impressive 3-1 victory over Lech Poznan. Emmanuel Adebayor was the hero of the night as he scored all three goals for City, securing their position at the top of Group A. Playing at Eastlands, City started strongly and were rewarded with a goal in the 13th minute as Adebayor pounced on a loose ball in the box and smashed it past the Poznan goalkeeper. Poznan tried to respond with a period of sustained pressure, but City held on and went into halftime with a narrow 1-0 lead. In the second half, City continued to dominate and Adebayor doubled their lead in the 64th minute with a calm finish after being played through by Yaya Toure. Five minutes later, Poznan hit back with a goal of their own through Dimitrije Injac, but their hopes of a comeback were dashed as Adebayor completed his hat-trick in the 88th minute, sending the City fans into raptures. The win sees City move three points clear at the top of Group A, with two wins and a draw from their three matches so far. They will now turn their attention back to the Premier League, where they currently sit in fourth place and will face a tough test against Arsenal in their next fixture. Meanwhile, Liverpool faced a difficult trip to Naples to take on Italian side Napoli. The game was held amidst a strong police presence due to fears of violence between the two sets of fans, but the match itself passed without incident. Despite dominating possession and creating several chances, Liverpool were unable to find the back of the net and the game ended in a goalless draw. The result leaves Liverpool in second place in Group K, three points behind leaders Steaua Bucharest, who they will face in their next Europa League fixture. Liverpool will be hoping to take all three points from that match in order to keep their hopes of progressing to the knockout stages of the competition alive. In other Europa League action, Portuguese side Porto continued their perfect start to the campaign with a 3-1 victory over Besiktas. The result means that Porto are three points clear at the top of Group L, with three wins from three matches. Besiktas, on the other hand, are still searching for their first points of the campaign and face an uphill battle to qualify for the knockout stages. Overall, it was a successful night for the English and Portuguese clubs in the Europa League, while the Italian and Turkish sides will be looking to bounce back in their next fixtures.