article: Nipper, the famous HMV dog, has been immortalised with his own blue plaque in London. The terrier cross was painted in 1899 sitting with his ear to a wind-up gramophone and featured on hundreds of millions of records produced by the HMV label over more than a century. His place in musical history was marked at a special ceremony last week organised by the British Plaque Trust and attended by executives from HMV, which stands for His Master’s Voice. Nipper, the HMV dog, will be immortalised with a blue plaque at a ceremony in central London next month . The blue plaque will be unveiled to the public at the Cavalry and Guards Club in Piccadilly, central London . The plaque will be unveiled to the public early next month. Nipper (1884-1895) had many superstar fans in the world of music, with artists as varied as Elvis, The Beatles and leading classical performers posing with his image. The plaque will be displayed at the Cavalry and Guards Club, 126 Piccadilly, Central London, where artist Francis Barraud, the dog’s final owner, painted Nipper from memory. Disc gramophones first appeared in the 1890s and by 1902 the forerunner to HMV, the Gramophone Company, was taking shape. The first HMV store opened in July 1921 on Oxford Street. In 1931 the Gramophone Company, with its His Master’s Voice record label, merged with the Columbia Gramophone Company to form Electric and Musical Industries Ltd (EMI), meaning that Nipper not only featured on the HMV label, but also on associated brands including RCA Victor and Deutsche Grammophon. The British Plaque Trust raises funds for blue plaques to commemorate personalities and organisations that have contributed to the British way of life.
highlights: Nipper, the HMV dog, will be immortalised with a blue plaque next month . The tribute will be unveiled at a ceremony in Piccadilly, central London . The terrier cross was painted in 1899 peering into a wind-up gramophone .
id: d96f6522ac9f4480564caf00744ebbb2cf132d88
chatgpt: Nipper, the adorable little canine that was the iconic face of HMV, is set to receive a very special honor next month. The famous terrier cross is going to be immortalized with a blue plaque, which will be unveiled at a ceremony in Piccadilly, central London. This is a fitting tribute to the beloved animal that has brought joy and happiness to countless people over the years. Nipper first rose to fame in 1899, when he was painted by English artist Francis Barraud. The painting shows Nipper seated on the floor, cocking his head inquisitively as he listens to a wind-up gramophone. The image became synonymous with the HMV record label, where it was used as their trademark for over a century. The painting was originally called "Dog looking at and listening to a Phonograph", and was created as a tribute to Barraud's deceased brother, who was an early adopter of the gramophone technology. Barraud tried to sell the painting to several gramophone companies but was initially unsuccessful until he contacted the Gramophone Company Lieutenant, Trevor Williams who secured the rights to the painting and leased it to TDK. In 1910, the Gramophone Company, which later became EMI, acquired the painting and the rights to the "His Master's Voice" slogan. The rest is history, as Nipper became a beloved and iconic figure around the world. The blue plaque is a fitting tribute to this beloved animal, as it will ensure that Nipper's legacy lives on for generations to come. The plaque will be unveiled at a ceremony that will be attended by music industry leaders, animal lovers, and members of the public. Nipper's legacy is one that will endure for many years to come. The little terrier cross may have passed away many years ago, but his memory still brings joy to people all over the world. The blue plaque is a fitting tribute to one of the most loved animals in history, and it will ensure that Nipper is never forgotten.