article: By . Daniel Martin . PUBLISHED: . 18:42 EST, 18 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:51 EST, 19 August 2013 . A mammoth fund worth £20 a year for every adult and child in the UK should be set up to encourage cycling, the Liberal Democrats say. The latest idea from the junior Coalition party would cost the taxpayer more than £1.2billion a year at a time when public spending needs to be cut to help bring down the deficit. It would also give cycling as much public money as some entire departments in Whitehall. Healthy plans: The proposed budget would see £20-a-year spent on each UK citizen to encourage cycling . However, the party will discuss plans for a ‘cycling budget’ at its conference next month after they were proposed by Cambridge MP Julian Huppert. Critics will point out that the scheme is traditional Lib Dem posturing that will make very little difference to efforts to encourage more people into the saddle. George Eustice, Conservative MP for Camborne and Redruth, said: ‘Getting people cycling is important, but I don’t think this policy would work. 'It would mean an unfunded cost of over £1.2billion, which would simply lead to more borrowing and more debt.’ On yer bikes! The cycling budget had been proposed by Cambridge MP Julian Huppert . Tory backbenchers will see the plans as merely the latest in what has been called the Lib Dems’ ‘war on the motorist’. Other proposals to be discussed at the party’s conference include automatically blaming drivers for all accidents involving cyclists using a legal system of ‘proportionate liability’. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg’s party also wants to ban all petrol and diesel cars by 2040. Their ‘cycling budget’ motion would see the creation of a budget worth £10 per person, increasing later to £20 a head. The most recent official estimates put the UK population at 63.2million. So at £20 per person, Mr Huppert’s scheme would cost £1.26billion per year – the equivalent cost of 41,489 soldiers. Funding the cycling policy would mean slashing the total number of Army personnel in half. It is also the equivalent cost of taking 31,752 policemen off the streets, 48,672 nurses out of hospital wards, or removing 39,371 teachers from schools. The budget’s size is also comparable with some government departments. In 2014/15, the amount of taxpayers’ money allocated to the Foreign Office is expected to be about £1.35billion. The Lib Dem’s spending proposals do not stop there. Mr Huppert’s motion also calls for an increase in the ‘local sustainable transport fund’, better integration of the  cycle network and the creation of more cycle paths.
highlights: New plan would see £20-a-year spent on each UK citizen . Lib Dems to discuss plans for scheme at conference next month .
id: b1eb337a2d087ff16bd9fb1ec87c51d7ad5f92c2
chatgpt: The Liberal Democrats are set to discuss a new plan that would see £20-a-year spent on every citizen in the UK at their conference next month. The scheme has been proposed in an effort to address growing concerns about wealth inequality and to provide much-needed support to those who are struggling the most. If approved, the plan would be funded through a combination of tax increases on the wealthiest individuals and businesses, as well as cuts to non-essential spending in certain areas. This approach is specifically designed to ensure that the burden of funding the scheme is not unfairly placed on those who are already struggling to make ends meet. According to the party, the scheme would provide significant benefits to all UK citizens regardless of their income or social status. The £20 spent on each citizen would be used to fund a variety of initiatives aimed at tackling the main issues facing society today, including homelessness, mental health, education, and community projects. In addition to these direct benefits, the plan is also expected to have a positive impact on the overall economy. By providing much-needed support to those who are struggling the most, the scheme would reduce the burden on other public services such as the NHS, which currently deals with a range of issues related to poverty and inequality. Despite the potential benefits, the plan has faced some criticism from those who believe that it is simply not feasible given the current economic climate. However, the Liberal Democrats have been quick to point out that the economic benefits of the scheme would be significant in the long term, and that the initial costs would be offset by reductions in spending in other areas. The Liberal Democrats have a strong track record of proposing innovative solutions to some of the biggest issues facing the UK today, and this latest plan is no exception. If approved, the scheme has the potential to make a real difference to the lives of millions of people across the country, and to address some of the key issues that continue to hold back the UK economy. The party has made it clear that they are committed to working with others to develop and implement policies that make a positive difference to the lives of ordinary people. They have also pledged to continue to push for a fairer and more equal society, and to determine the most effective ways to address the issues that matter most to UK citizens.  Overall, the proposal to spend £20-a-year on every UK citizen is a bold step towards a fairer and more equal society. While there is still much work to be done in order to make this vision a reality, the Liberal Democrats are committed to pushing forward with this and other initiatives aimed at improving the lives of all UK citizens.