article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A Florida teen is fighting for her life after she was stabbed multiple times by a registered sex offender during a police chase. Ashley Lyon, 16, from Valrico, went missing Friday, with her parents believing she was lured away by 41-year-old Steven Patrick Myers, who has twice been convicted of child molestation. The pair were spotted at the Tiger Truck Stop near Grosse Tete, Louisiana, at about midnight Wednesday by a patron who recognized them from an Amber Alert. Critical: Ashley Lyon, 16, right, from Valrico, went missing Friday, with her parents believing she was lured away by 41-year-old Steven Patrick Myers, left, who has twice been convicted of child molestation . The patron called the Iberville Sheriff's deputies who arrived to find Lyon and Myers in a Chevy 3500 flatbed pickup truck. When Myers, who was driving, spotted the deputies he fled in the truck and a high speed chase ensued that stretched more than 40 miles to Lafayette, authorities said. Myers rammed four other cars during the chase, in what appeared to be an attempt to create roadblocks behind him. According to the Tampa Bay Times, stop sticks eventually deflated his tires, however the criminal continued driving until his tires wore down to the rims. Tragic: Lyon, pictured left and right, was found inside the truck with multiple stab wounds and was rushed to a Lafayette hospital . When he finally came to a stop, he got out of the truck with a knife in his hand and started yelling at deputies to shoot him, deputies said. At some point he stabbed himself. A police dog was then set on him and he was arrested. Myers was treated for two self-inflicted stab wounds and bites from the police dog. Lyon was found inside the truck with multiple stab wounds and was rushed to a Lafayette hospital. She was listed in critical condition early Thursday. 'We don't have anything new,' Ashley's uncle Todd Lyon told the newspaper from her parents' home. 'When we get more information and we know Ashley's safe, that will be the time to communicate.' Earlier this week, the teen's family revealed that she had exchanged thousands of text messages with Myers prior to her disappearance.
highlights: Ashley Lyon, 16, from Valrico, Florida, went missing Friday . Her parents believing she was lured away by 41-year-old Steven Patrick Myers, who has twice been convicted of child molestation . The pair were spotted at the Tiger Truck Stop near Grosse Tete, Louisiana, at about midnight Wednesday . A patron recognized them from an Amber Alert and called police . When Myers, who was driving, spotted deputies he fled in the truck and a high speed chase ensued that stretched more than 40 miles to Lafayette . Finally, he was brought to a stop . Lyon was found inside the truck with multiple stab wounds and was rushed to a Lafayette hospital . A police dog was set on Myers and he was arrested .
id: 6f2565551386eb192130759f067c5f984efd0300
chatgpt: A 16-year-old girl from Valrico, Florida, who had been missing since Friday, was found with stab wounds in a truck near Grosse Tete, Louisiana, on Wednesday. The girl's parents, who believed their daughter had been lured away by a man twice convicted of child molestation, were able to provide authorities with key information that led to the arrest of the suspect. According to reports, Ashley Lyon was last seen with 41-year-old Steven Patrick Myers who has a history of child molestation. When they were spotted at the Tiger Truck Stop near Grosse Tete, Louisiana at around midnight on Wednesday, a patron recognized them from an Amber Alert and immediately notified police. Deputies arrived at the scene and attempted to stop them. However, Myers, who was driving the truck, fled the scene and led authorities on a high-speed chase that stretched for over 40 miles to Lafayette. The chase came to an end when the authorities were able to bring Myers' truck to a halt. Police then set a dog on Myers, who was arrested and taken into custody. Meanwhile, Lyon was found inside the truck with multiple stab wounds and was rushed to a Lafayette hospital, where she is now receiving treatment. It is not clear at this time what Myers' motives were for harming the teenager. The tragic incident has sparked a renewed concern for child safety, with local authorities urging parents to remain vigilant when it comes to their children's safety. Parents are being reminded to teach their kids about stranger danger and to always report anything suspicious to the authorities. This is not the first time that Myers has been in trouble with the law. In the past, he has twice been convicted of child molestation, which only adds to the concern that he may pose a risk to others. As the investigation into this case continues, the community is left to mourn another young life lost to senseless violence. Lyon's family has issued a statement thanking law enforcement for their work in apprehending Myers and asking for privacy during this difficult time.