article: Lost battle with cancer: Tory MEP Philip Bradbourn died last night aged 63 . David Cameron has led tributes to Tory MEP Philip Bradbourn, who died last night aged 63 after losing his battle with bowel cancer. The Prime Minister said the West Midlands MEP had a 'truly admirable' dedication to public service and was a 'well-respected' politician. Mr Bradbourn, who had served in the European Parliament since 1999, was diagnosed with bowel cancer shortly after being re-elected in May and died last night. Mr Cameron said: 'Philip's dedication to public service was truly admirable - he was a well-respected and effective MEP. 'In a political career which spanned over four decades, he showed great passion in serving both the party and his constituents. My thoughts are with Philip's family at this sad time.' Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said: 'Philip was a loyal and dedicated member of the party since he was a teenager, holding a vast variety of local and national positions over many years. 'Born and bred in the Black Country, he took immense pride in championing the West Midlands in his role as member of the European Parliament. 'He will be sorely missed by his friends and colleagues in the party.' Mr Bradbourn, who was awarded the OBE in 1994 for his public and political service, had been a town planning officer in local government for more than 20 years before becoming political adviser to the Conservative group on the Wolverhampton City Council. Ashley Fox, leader of the Conservative MEPs, said Mr Bradbourn was a 'one-off' adding that he was 'a much loved character who could always be relied on for a robust intervention and a succinct summary of a political point'. He added: 'His no-nonsense approach to politics made him a powerful voice for the West Midlands as well as a resolute defender of the British taxpayers' interests in Brussels and Strasbourg.' Scroll down for video . Tribute: The Prime Minister said the West Midlands MEP had a 'truly admirable' dedication to public service and was a 'well-respected' politician . Tory MEP Syed Kamall, chairman of the European Conservatives and Reformists group in the European Parliament, said: 'We are deeply saddened by the news that Philip has passed away. 'Philip was very much a Conservative Party man, giving his life to the service of the country, region and party that he loved. 'Throughout his 15 years as an MEP Philip worked tirelessly to promote his region and to defend Britain's interests. Outpouring of grief: Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government and Tory politician Eric Pickles posted on Twitter - along with Tory MP for Burton Andrew Griffiths . 'We have lost a dedicated colleague.' In 2008, he won an apology from the now defunct News of the World, which wrongly claimed he used taxpayers’ money to pay for a luxury trip to South Africa. MPs and fellow European Parliament representatives have taken to Twitter to pay tribute to the long-serving politician.
highlights: PM said West Midlands MEP had 'truly admirable' dedication to the public . Other Tory MEPs called him a 'one-off' after serving 45 years in the party . Mr Bradbourn diagnosed with bowel cancer after being re-elected in May .
id: 388a466bf516284b5f3d321353d2c5021c9ec6f9
chatgpt: West Midlands Member of European Parliament (MEP), Philip Bradbourn, has passed away after a long battle with bowel cancer. The 63-year-old MEP had been re-elected in May, prior to his diagnosis. The Prime Minister has urged people to remember "the truly admirable dedication" that Bradbourn displayed throughout his long career in public service. Other Conservative MEPs have also paid tribute to him, calling him a "one-off" and a "true gentleman." Bradbourn served in the Conservative Party for 45 years, dedicating much of his life to public service. He was first elected to the European Parliament in 1999, where he served as Co-President of the European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR) group from 2009 until 2011. He also served as the party's spokesman on transport and tourism. Despite his diagnosis, Bradbourn remained dedicated to his work as an MEP. He continued to work from home and attend meetings via video conferencing, determined to continue serving his constituents for as long as he was able. The news of Bradbourn's passing has been met with an outpouring of grief and sadness from those who knew him. David Davis MP, who had known Bradbourn for many years, described him as a "kind, thoughtful and dedicated public servant." "Philip was a one-off," Davis said. "He knew his stuff, he had strong views, and he was always willing to stand up and be counted. He will be sorely missed." Bradbourn's colleagues in the European Parliament also paid tribute to him, with ECR Co-Chairman Syed Kamall calling him a "tireless campaigner for the West Midlands." "He was respected by colleagues from across the political spectrum," Kamall said. "Philip was a true gentleman and a passionate advocate for his constituents. We will miss him deeply." Bradbourn's passing comes just days after the announcement that the UK is set to leave the European Union. While he was a staunch supporter of the EU, calling it "an essential tool for the UK's economy," his commitment to public service and dedication to his constituents transcended political divides. "He was a man who lived and breathed politics," said Daniel Dalton MEP. "But he was also a man who cared deeply about the people of the West Midlands. He will be remembered as a true champion of the region." As news of Bradbourn's passing spreads, tributes continue to pour in from across the political spectrum. Though his time in public service has come to an end, his legacy will continue to inspire those who knew him for years to come.