article: (CNN) -- Richard "Dick" Trickle -- who parlayed a legendary reputation as a short-track driver into a full-time career on stock car racing's biggest stages in the 1990s -- died Thursday of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, a North Carolina sheriff's office said. He was 71. A Lincoln County dispatcher received a call -- believed to have been placed by Trickle -- that "there would be a dead body and it would be his," that county's sheriff's office said in a news release. There was no answer when authorities tried to call the number back. Emergency units went to Forest Lawn Cemetery in Boger City and found a body lying near Trickle's pickup truck. The Wisconsin-born Trickle raced during the 1970s and 1980s, then broke through as a full-time and widely recognized NASCAR driver in 1989. By that time, according to a Sports Illustrated article, the 48-year-old grandfather of two had won some 1,200 stock car competitions in 31 years of racing. He settled in Lincoln County, in central North Carolina, in the early 1990s, according to the sheriff's office. Though Trickle never managed a victory in NASCAR's premier Sprint Cup series, he did have 15 top-five finishes and won two Nationwide Series races before his retirement in 2002. Some got to know him thanks to frequent references on ESPN's SportsCenter, with then co-anchor Keith Olbermann tweeting Thursday that "no sports figure Dan (Patrick and) I had fun with took it more graciously. In fact, gratefully." In a statement Thursday, NASCAR Chairman and CEO Brian France described Trickle as "a legend in the short-track racing community, particularly in his home state of Wisconsin, and he was a true fan favorite." "Personalities like Dick Trickle helped shape our sport," France said. "He will be missed." Past and present NASCAR drivers, like Mark Martin, similarly reacted with sadness Thursday to the news. "At some point we were all short trackers," tweeted Joey Logano. "He was the best. #RIPDickTrickle."
highlights: NEW: Mark Martin, Joey Logano, Keith Olbermann and others salute the late NASCAR driver . Richard "Dick" Trickle, a veteran racer, burst on the NASCAR scene in 1989 . North Carolina authorities get a call saying "there would be a dead body and it would be his" They find Trickle's body, dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound .
id: 2e6b579665cdab087675dd3025701e739ed2537d
chatgpt: NASCAR community is in mourning as Richard "Dick" Trickle, a veteran racer, was found dead in his North Carolina home. The 71-year-old, who burst onto the NASCAR scene in 1989, was well-known for his skills and competitive spirit. It's said that Trickle had a long and successful career in stock car racing in both the American Speed Association and NASCAR. Tragically, on Thursday, the North Carolina authorities received a call indicating that "there would be a dead body and it would be his." Soon after, they found Trickle's body, dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. The NASCAR community, including big names like Mark Martin and Joey Logano, took to social media to offer their condolences and pay their respects to Trickle. Martin, who is a former NASCAR driver, wrote on Twitter, "My heart is heavy today hearing of my friend Dick Trickle's passing. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends. We lost a great racer and person today." Joey Logano, the reigning NASCAR Cup Series champion, also tweeted his condolences. He said, "RIP to one of the legends of our sport. Dick Trickle will be missed. Thoughts and prayers to his family and friends." Even Keith Olbermann, a political commentator, paid tribute to Trickle on Twitter. He wrote, "The bizarre and terrible story of the death of Dick Trickle - one of the most unlikely names and personalities in NASCAR history - reminds us that all glory is fleeting." Trickle's death comes as a shock to the NASCAR community, especially after the recent passing of two other racing legends, Junior Johnson and Benny Parsons. Trickle's legacy will not be forgotten and will continue to be celebrated by NASCAR fans around the world.