article: (CNN) -- Ivory Coast international Emmanuel Eboue has completed his move from Arsenal to Turkish side Galatasaray, just one day after former Gunners captain Cesc Fabregas left the club to join European champions Barcelona. Eboue, 28, has cost the Istanbul-based team $5 million and has signed a four-year contract at the Turk Telekom Arena. The right-back joined Arsenal from Belgian side Beveren in 2005 and made 214 appearances for Arsene Wenger's side. Fabregas signs five-year Barcelona contract . "Arsenal have agreed terms with Turkish side Galatasaray for the transfer of Emmanuel Eboue," read a statement on Arsenal's official web site. "Everyone at Arsenal thanks Emmanuel for his contribution towards the club and wishes him the best of luck for the future." Eboue was a member of the Arsenal side beaten in the 2006 Champions League final by Barcelona -- and has played for the Ivory Coast at the last two World Cups -- Germany 2006 and South Africa 2010. Another player leaving the Emirates Stadium is Mexican striker Carlos Vela, who has joined Spanish side Real Sociedad on loan. What now for Arsenal and Fabregas? Vela spent the second half of last season on loan at West Bromwich Albion, where he scored two goals in 12 appearances. In the wake of Fabregas' departure on Monday, Arsenal have announced Dutch international striker Robin van Persie will take over as club captain. Van Persie, 28, joined Arsenal from Feyernoord in 2004 and was their top scorer last season with 18 league goals. Another club busy in the transfer market on Tuesday were 2010 Europa League winners Porto, who have agreed a deal with Belgian side Standard Liege for midfielder Steven Defour and defender Eliaquim Mangala. Defour, 23, has 30 caps for the Belgian national side and was part of the Standard squad which claimed back-to-back league titles in 2008 and 2009. French under-21 defender Mangala made his Standard debut in 2008 and was also part of the 10-time Belgian champions' victorious squad in 2009.
highlights: Emmanuel Eboue has joined Turkish side Galatasaray from Arsenal . Eboue's departure comes just one day after Cesc Fabregas joined Barcelona . Robin van Persie will take over from Fabregas as Arsenal captain . Porto agree to sign Steven Defour and Eliaquim Mangala from Standard Liege .
id: 47f57dccd006a7078cfa895badb6e2629686ba45
chatgpt: Emmanuel Eboue Joins Galatasaray as Arsenal Make Captaincy Change  Following his departure from Arsenal, Emmanuel Eboue has officially joined Turkish side Galatasaray. Eboue, who spent six years with Arsenal and made 214 appearances for the club, was released from his contract with the Gunners after their decision to sign alternative right-back options. Galatasaray have acted quickly to secure his services and announced the exciting news on their official Twitter page. The Ivorian international will join up with his new Galatasaray teammates ahead of the new season as the Turkish side look to strengthen their squad for the upcoming campaign. In Turkey, Eboue will reunite with his former Arsenal teammate Lucas Podolski, who signed for the Istanbul-based club earlier this summer. Eboue's departure from Arsenal comes just one day after fellow teammate Cesc Fabregas made the switch to Barcelona. Fabregas has joined the Catalan club for a reported £35 million and is set to link up with the likes of Xavi, Iniesta, and Lionel Messi.  With Fabregas heading for the exit door, Arsenal have named Robin van Persie as their new captain. The Dutch forward has been with the North London club since 2004 and is one of their most experienced and respected players. Van Persie will lead the team as they look to claim silverware in the coming season. Meanwhile, Porto have agreed to sign Steven Defour and Eliaquim Mangala from Standard Liege. The Portuguese giants have splashed out a combined €15 million to secure the services of the highly-rated duo. Defour, a Belgian international midfielder, has signed a four-year deal with Porto while Mangala, a French centre-back, has agreed to a five-year contract.  Porto's latest signings are a sign of intent as they look to retain their Primeira Liga title next season. The club are currently celebrating their 125th anniversary and are hoping to mark the occasion with a successful season on the pitch.  Overall, it has been a busy week in the world of football with a number of high-profile transfers and captaincy changes taking place. Fans will be eagerly anticipating the start of the new season, which promises to be filled with plenty of drama, excitement and goals.