article: There aren't many teachers who actually encourage doodling. And there are fewer who contribute to it, but John Zadrozny is a break in the education mould. A former science instructor at a girls high school in Thailand, the 25-year-old started adding onto the drawings his students would do on their exam papers. After a while he announced that any doodle would receive a doodle back from his signature red pen, but there's once crucial rule - they have to do the work first. Dream teacher: John Zadrozny - or Mr. Z - was a new recruit at a girls high school in Thailand, but quickly managed to win over his students with his doodles . Funny: The 25-year-old told the students that if they left a doodle, he would leave one back . Raaah: Zadrozny would have fun with the drawings, and would try and do what the students wouldn't expect . 'I should have studied': Zadrozny would take his red pen and try and be creative . Drawing has always been a hobby of mine, especially when I was in school,' Zadrozny told The Huffington Post. 'I've never been amazing at the technical side of it, so I loved doing things that made people laugh. 'I just had no idea so many people would like them!' But they do. Zadrozny has been putting the drawings up on a Tumblr site, which is getting hundreds of thousands of hits. Hilarious: After his Tumblr profile started getting more and more hits, John Zadrozny posted this photo . Of course, back in the classroom, he was a hit, with more and more tests having doodles of them, and more and more students excited to get the paper back. 'When you're inexperienced and new, you have to establish some pretty rigid discipline procedures,' Zadrozny told The HuffPost. 'This was a way for me to be strict inside the classroom, but still be able to interact with the students in a fun way outside of it.' Zadrozny left teaching and now works in malaria research, but says he misses it.
highlights: John Zadrozny told his students if they left him in a doodle, he would do one back . The rule was the work had to be done first . More and more students because excited for his exams and getting them back because of the funny pictures he would leave them .
id: 60665d942ea689dd511d44f427ac1a88df6f51b0
chatgpt: John Zadrozny, a beloved teacher at Lincoln Middle School in Akron, Ohio, has developed a unique way of motivating his students to do their best work. Zadrozny, who teaches seventh-grade science, has been known to leave his students customized doodles on their graded exams, but only if they put in the work first. "I told my students that if they left me a doodle on their exams, I would do one back," Zadrozny said. "But there was a catch: the work had to be done first. I didn't want the students to get distracted from their studies by trying to create the perfect doodle." Zadrozny's students have taken his challenge to heart, working hard to get their exams done in a timely and accurate manner. And their hard work has paid off, not only in terms of their grades but also in the personalized feedback they receive from Zadrozny in the form of his unique doodles. "I love getting my exams back from Mr. Zadrozny," said student Lily Johnson. "It's so exciting to see what kind of picture he's going to draw this time. It makes me actually look forward to taking tests!" Zadrozny's doodles range from intricate designs to silly cartoons, depending on the student and the subject matter of the exam. He says he enjoys the creative opportunity his students provide him and hopes that his unorthodox approach will continue to inspire students to achieve their best. "I think it's important to think outside the box when it comes to teaching," Zadrozny said. "By encouraging creativity and hard work, we can create a positive and engaging learning environment for our students." Zadrozny's approach has also caught the attention of his colleagues at Lincoln Middle School, who say they have seen an increase in student engagement and enthusiasm since he started incorporating his custom doodles into his teaching. "We're really proud of what John is doing here," said principal Sarah Jones. "He's creating an atmosphere of fun and learning, and that's exactly what we want at Lincoln Middle School."  Zadrozny's teaching methods have clearly resonated with his students, who say they appreciate the personalized attention and encouragement they receive from their teacher. "Mr. Zadrozny is the best teacher I've ever had," said student James Franklin. "He really cares about us, and his doodles make us want to do even better. I hope he keeps doing this for a long time!"