article: Worst fears confirmed: Arthur Neal Jr, 86, who was last seen alive at his home in Detroit December 20, has been found stabbed to death . An 86-year-old Detroit man who went missing in December after winning $20,000 in the lottery has been found stabbed to death. The body of Arthur Neal Jr., who was reported missing December 28, was discovered Sunday afternoon inside a vacant house in the 15800 block of Mansfield Street, about three miles from his home. Police say Neal was found in the basement of the residence, and his body was covered. An autopsy determined the octogenarian died from multiple stab wounds, the Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office said. Family members told local media that Neal won $20,000 in the lottery December 19, and it is believed that he vanished the next day. A missing persons reported was filed a week later. Police have not been able to confirm the lottery win, said Detroit Police spokeswoman Nicole Kirkwood. Neal's death is now being investigated as a homicide. 'He's 86 years old. He can't hurt anybody. Why would they do anything like this? I don't understand,' Neal's granddaughter Christina Hall told the station WXYZ. Hall has made an appeal to the public asking for anyone with information on her grandfather's killer to come forward. Neal was last seen alive at his home on Trinity Street in Detroit December 20. His other granddaughter Lawanda Marshall said a few days after his disappearance they had become concerned after he failed to show up for Christmas, as he would not have missed Christmas with his family. Scroll down for video . Grisly find: Neal has been found with multiple stab wounds in the basement of this vacant house in the 15800 block of Mansfield Street . According to his relatives, Neal  had recently won  $20,000 in a lottery game, but had no plans to leave town. There is no word at this time if Neal had cashed his prize before his killing. Marshall said that the information about his lottery win was widely publicized and his family think this could be the reason he has vanished into thin air. Marshall said: 'It bothers me greatly because I don't think that's the type of information that should have seeped out – if that was the case – especially that neighborhood in which he was staying and reside.' Neal's family said they went to his house to check on him and found his home in disarray and a door left ajar, which raised their suspicions  further. Marshall described her grandfather to Mlive.com as a physically and mentally strong man who still did masonry work despite his advance age and was 'joyful.'
highlights: Arthur Neal Jr, 86, was found stabbed multiple times in vacant home in Detroit Sunday . He was last seen alive at his home on Trinity Street December 20 . It is believed he won $20,000 in the lottery a day before his disappearance .
id: 3106603161ff9f285fc66fe0bc6a5beac0ac4dc7
chatgpt: An 86-year-old man was found stabbed multiple times in a vacant home in Detroit on Sunday, January 3. Arthur Neal Jr had been reported missing since December 20 and was last seen alive at his home on Trinity Street. Neal, a retired factory worker, had reportedly won $20,000 in the lottery a day before his disappearance.  According to police, Neal's body was discovered by a neighbor who noticed an open door at the vacant home. Upon entering, the neighbor discovered Neal's body and immediately alerted authorities. Investigators believe that Neal had been dead for several days before his body was found.  Detroit police are now asking for the public's help to solve Neal's murder. They are urging anyone with information to come forward, hoping that it will help them bring the perpetrator or perpetrators to justice.  Neal's neighbors and relatives are still in shock over his death. The elderly man was described by friends and family as kind-hearted and generous. They say that he often gave money to those in need and was loved by many in his community.  One of Neal's neighbors, who wished to remain anonymous, said that they were heartbroken over what happened to him. "He was a good man who didn't deserve to die like that", the neighbor said. "We're all in mourning right now." Another neighbor, who also wished to remain anonymous, said that Neal had been excited about winning the lottery. "He couldn't stop talking about it", the neighbor said. "He said he was going to use the money to buy Christmas gifts for his grandchildren." Neal's family has declined to comment on his murder at this time, citing their need for privacy during this difficult time. However, they released a statement thanking the police for their hard work and urging anyone with information to come forward. The investigation into Neal's murder is ongoing. Police say they have several leads but are still searching for more information about the circumstances surrounding Neal's death. Anyone who may have information is urged to contact the Detroit Police Department's Homicide Unit or Crime Stoppers.  As the community mourns and authorities continue their investigation, many are left wondering who could have committed such a heinous act. Neal's memory will undoubtedly live on as a kindhearted and generous person who will be deeply missed.