article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 10:54 EST, 26 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:55 EST, 26 November 2013 . Suspect: Johnathan 'J Boi' Sanchez has been charged with murder after three people were shot dead in Texas last Wednesday . Police have arrested a man wanted in connection with the execution-style killing of three people. Johnathan 'J Boi' Sanchez, 25, has been charged with capital murder after Daniel Munoz, 17, Veronica Hernandez, 17, and Alfaro Yosselm, 21, were shot dead in Harris County, Texas, last Wednesday. Two other people, who were taken to Memorial Hermann Hospital by air ambulance, survived the shooting. All five were shot in the head. According . to the Harris County Sheriff's Office, Sanchez was arrested when he was . found hiding in a gang home in Uvalde in the early hours of Sunday. He was in the garage of the property watching a boxing match with several other people. Police say that he had a handgun in his possession when he was arrested. Officers were called to to a property in Sunbury Lane last Wednesday after a neighbour reported hearing a series of gunshots. No disturbance was heard prior to the shooting. Arrest: Sanchez was arrested after he was found watching a boxing match with several others in a garage of a property in Uvalde . Emergency: Police and paramedics were called to the scene of the shooting last Wednesday after a neighbour heard a series of gunshots . Although the two surviving victims haven't been named, police said that they are in their late teens or early 20s. One of them was able to give police a full account of what happened. Speaking after the deaths of Munoz, Hernandez and Yosselm, Sheriff Adrian Garcia said: 'It's a waste of human life. 'Young people who will not get to fulfill the promise that they were born with.' Survivors: Two other people, who were also shot were taken to hospital by air ambulance and survived . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Johnathan 'J Boi' Sanchez has been charged with capital murder . Three people died and two others were injured after shooting last week . Police were called when a neighbour heard a series of gunshots . The two survivors were taken to hospital by air ambulance and survived .
id: dc575f2e43a6cf1b836a23b55f5a387d69f9d74c
chatgpt: A man has been charged with capital murder after a deadly shooting that happened last week. Johnathan 'J Boi' Sanchez is currently in police custody, accused of three counts of murder and two counts of attempted murder. The violent incident occurred when police received a call from a neighbour who heard a series of gunshots coming from a residential area. Upon arriving at the scene, they discovered that three individuals had tragically lost their lives, while two others had sustained severe injuries. The two survivors were lucky enough to have been transported to the hospital immediately by air ambulance. They were able to receive medical attention in time and managed to survive the injuries they had sustained. Their current condition has not been disclosed by the authorities. Sanchez, who is believed to have been involved in the shooting, is currently being held on suspicion of capital murder. The prosecution is expected to pursue the maximum penalty possible for such a crime. The tragedy has left the community shaken, with many still grappling to come to terms with the senseless act of violence. Police have not yet disclosed a possible motive for the shooting. The investigation is ongoing, and more information is expected to be released as it becomes available. The authorities are urging anyone with possible information about the shooting to come forward and assist with the investigation. The loss of three innocent lives is always a tragedy, and this incident is a stark reminder of the need for increased efforts to curb gun violence in our communities. As the investigation continues, we can only hope that justice will be served, and the survivors of the incident will find solace and healing in the wake of this tragedy. In the meantime, our thoughts are with the families of the deceased, as well as the survivors of the shooting, in this difficult time.