article: By . Associated Press Reporter . Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford acknowledged ‘rocky moments over the past year’ but vowed to fight harder than ever to win re-election at a rally he dubbed the official launch of his campaign. Ford, who was the first to register as a candidate in January, invoked the spirit of second chances during a speech in front of supporters on Thursday. Ford is seeking re-election on Oct. 27 despite acknowledging last year that he had smoked crack cocaine ‘in a drunken stupor.’ Scroll down for video . Toronto Mayor Rob Ford speaks during the kick off of his re-election campaign at a rally in the city's north end on Thursday . Volunteers gave out one free drink to everyone at a hall in a Toronto suburb. There were lineups for Rob Ford bobble-head dolls that were being sold to raise money for the campaign. The mayor made his way through the crowd along a red carpet to the stage, led by bag-pipers and volunteers carrying campaign signs. City council removed most of Ford's powers after he admitted to having smoked crack. ‘There's been some rocky moments over the past year. I have experienced how none of us can go through life without making mistakes,’ Ford said. Bobblehead dolls of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford are on way that he plans to raise funds for his re-election campaign . Ford is seeking re-election on Oct. 27 despite acknowledging last year that he had smoked crack cocaine 'in a drunken stupor' ‘And when they occur, we learn a lot about ourselves. Humility, the kindness of people and the spirit of second chances.’ Aisha Schuster, a supporter, said he's not concerned about Ford's personal life. ‘You know we all have personal stuff. There's no perfect person and I fully support him,’ Schuster said. George Zambrano also said he's not concerned about Ford's personal life. ‘He's saving us money,’ Zambrano said, adding when asked about the drug admissions: ‘Well you know what, that's his off time. He can do whatever he wants when he's not working.’ Toronto Mayor Rob Ford receives a headdress from a supporter as he takes part in his re-election campaign launch in Toronto on Thursday . Ford is popular among a core of voters in his home suburb of Etobicoke. His promises to slash spending, cut taxes and end what he called ‘the war on the car’ gained him a loyal following in the suburbs that came to be known as Ford Nation. The mayor faces a strong challenge for re-election from Olivia Chow, a left-leaning politician popular in liberal downtown Toronto, and from John Tory, a one-time Ontario provincial Progressive Conservative leader.
highlights: Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford launched his campaign to win re-election on Thursday night . Ford acknowledged ‘rocky moments over the past year’ but vowed to fight harder than ever . There were lineups for Rob Ford bobble-head dolls that were being sold to raise money for the campaign .
id: 2779c466f98ae1dbd13f1954fef6fd4661569564
chatgpt: Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford launched his re-election campaign on Thursday night, marking a critical moment in his tumultuous tenure. Despite "rocky moments over the past year," Ford told a raucous crowd of supporters that he intended to fight harder than ever to keep his position. "I've had my ups and downs, but I've always gotten back up again," Ford declared to the cheering throngs. "I've always fought for you, and I'll keep fighting for you as long as I'm mayor." Ford's campaign kickoff was a high-energy event that drew hundreds of supporters to the Toronto Congress Centre. Attendees were treated to speeches from Ford and his brother Doug, a city councillor who has been a vocal defender of the embattled mayor throughout his numerous scandals. The highlight of the evening, however, was the sale of Rob Ford bobble-head dolls, which quickly became a hot item among the crowd. The dolls were being sold to raise money for the mayor's campaign, and lines snaked around the convention centre as supporters clamoured to get their hands on a piece of political memorabilia. Ford's re-election bid comes at a critical moment in the city's political history. The mayor has been mired in scandal since a video surfaced last year showing him smoking crack cocaine. Since then, he has been dogged by allegations of drunkenness, drug abuse, and erratic behaviour. His approval ratings have plummeted, and many Torontonians have called for him to resign. Despite this, Ford has maintained a loyal base of supporters who admire his brash, take-no-prisoners style of politics. He has also been helped by a series of policy victories, including the abolition of Toronto's unpopular vehicle registration tax and the expansion of subways in the city's west end. In his speech on Thursday, Ford sought to rally his base and connect with voters who may be undecided about his candidacy. He promised to continue fighting to keep taxes low, to build more subways, and to reduce what he sees as wasteful spending at city hall. "I'm here for the little guy," Ford declared. "I'm here for the hardworking people who pay their taxes and want a mayor who will fight for them. That's what I've always been about, and that's what I'll keep being about as long as I'm mayor." Despite the enthusiasm of his supporters, however, Ford is facing an uphill battle in his bid for re-election. The race is shaping up to be one of the most hotly contested in recent memory, with a number of high-profile candidates vying for the mayor's chair. These include former New Democrat Olivia Chow, a popular MP who has promised to make Toronto more livable; Tory MP John Tory, a savvy political operator who has been calling for Ford's resignation for months; and former city councillor David Soknacki, who is running as an independent. Ford's campaign kickoff on Thursday may have energized his base, but it remains to be seen whether he can win over the broader electorate. For now, at least, the embattled mayor seems determined to fight on, bobble-head doll in hand.