article: The royal family has fashion fever as Princess Eugenie followed in her mother's footsteps by taking centre stage at a London Fashion Week event last night. Just days after Sarah, Duchess of York, strutted her stuff in a long black dress down the catwalk for Naomi Campbell's charity show, Fashion For Relief, her daughter Princess Eugenie did her own bit for style. Looking chic in an all-black ensemble and red lips, the 24-year-old, joined celebrities and the art crowd at the Coach X Serpentine Future Contemporaries Party at The Serpentine Sackler Gallery, London. Scroll down for video . Princess Eugenie of York channelled her inner rock chick at the Coach X Serpentine Future Contemporaries Party at The Serpentine Sackler Gallery on Saturday night . While Oscar fever was taking hold in Los Angeles, homegrown stars were getting ready for the annual designer showcase of London Fashion Week. Princess Eugenie - who had just flown home after a long week of fashion week festivities in New York, where she works as a benefit auctions manager at Paddle8 - looked every inch the fashionista. She donned a black skater dress with strappy heels, a patent leather black Moschino clutch, and a leather jacket with fur panels. Black eyeliner, a slick of red lipstick and gold and tuquoise earrings completed the look. She was joined by the likes of model Daisy Lowe, DJ Mary Charteris and indie rock band Warpaint, who concluded the evening with a lively performance. The 24-year-old royal posed for photos with Issa founder Daniella Helayel (left) and fashion blogger Kelly Eastwood (right) She later took off her jacket to show off her dress, boldly braving the wintry weather in bare legs. Other guests on the night included singer MIA, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo star Noomi Rapace, blogger Susie Bubble, Atlanta de Cadenet, daughter of Amanda de Cadanet and Duran Duran's John Tayor, Jack Guinnes and Pixie Lott. London Fashion Week has only just begun, but it's likely the style-savvy Princess will be a regular fixture on the front row. London Fashion Week has only just begun, but it's likely the style-savvy Princess will be a regular fixture on the front row . She's the second member of her family to get into the style spirit in the last few days after the Duchess of York gave a spirited show at Fashion For Relief at Somerset House. In a floor-length black gown she wore her hair down and little jewellery except for an eye-catching Fabergé Soleil de Nuit platinum necklace, featuring pear-shaped white diamonds and moonstones. In 2007, Eugenie's sister Beatrice even joined her mother on the catwalk, walking the Fashion For Relief runway with her mother, wearing matching fitted, floor-length black dresses. Eugenie's mother the Duchess of York gave a spirited show at Fashion For Relief at Somerset House on Thursday . In a floor-length black gown she wore her hair down and little jewellery except for an eye-catching Fabergé Soleil de Nuit platinum necklace, featuring pear-shaped white diamonds and moonstones .
highlights: Princess Eugenie wore a chic all-black ensemble to fashion event last night . The 24-year-old, who lives in New York, celebrated London Fashion Week . Her mother Sarah, Duchess of York walked on Fashion For Relief  catwalk .
id: 09c295e4325d085f7c81203935354a5a0b79d665
chatgpt: Last night, Princess Eugenie graced the London Fashion Week event in a stunning all-black ensemble. The 24-year-old royal, who currently resides in New York, was a vision in a chic outfit that showcased her impeccable fashion sense. The Princess was among the esteemed guests at the highly anticipated show, which celebrated the latest collections from top designers across the globe. She was seen mingling with other attendees and posing for pictures on the red carpet, looking every bit the savvy fashionista she is. But that wasn't the only highlight of the night for royalty aficionados. Eugenie's mother, Sarah, Duchess of York, also made a splash on the runway, as she showcased her modeling chops on the Fashion For Relief catwalk. Dressed in a stunning black dress with bold patterns, Sarah strutted down the runway, looking every inch the supermodel. Her appearance was met with loud cheers, as the audience marveled at her poise and grace. For Sarah, the opportunity to participate in the event was one that she cherished deeply. In a recent interview, she expressed her excitement at being part of the show, saying "It's such an honor to be walking the catwalk for such a worthy cause. I'm thrilled to be here and can't wait to showcase some amazing fashion." And that's exactly what happened. The fashion show was a huge success, with some of the most amazing designs of the season on full display. From bold patterns to luxurious fabrics, it was all there, and the audience couldn't get enough. But perhaps the biggest winners of the night were the charity organizations that Fashion For Relief was supporting. The show, which was organized by supermodel Naomi Campbell, raised millions of dollars for various charities that help people in need across the globe. As the night drew to a close, guests like Princess Eugenie and Sarah, Duchess of York, left with huge smiles on their faces, knowing that they had been part of an event that made a difference in the world. With their impeccable style, poise, and grace, they had shone brightly on a catwalk that celebrated fashion in all its glory. Overall, the night was a huge success, and it wouldn't have been possible without the efforts of the people involved. From the designers to the models to the audience, everyone came together to make it an unforgettable event. And with the tremendous amount of money raised, lives will be changed for the better, proving that fashion can make a difference in the world.