article: An actress used as the Queen's body double for a London 2012 Olympics James Bond short film was required to show the director her ankles to ensure they were as good as Her Majesty's. Julia McKenzie, 72, has revealed the unusual audition request was made after a director was concerned her legs wouldn't match the Queen's. Most famous for playing Miss Marple, Mrs McKenzie filmed over several days at Buckingham Palace after the Queen volunteered to participate in the film herself. Scroll down for video . Actress Julia McKenzie (pictured left) was used as a body double for the Queen (right) after directors decided her ankles were a close enough match to Her Majesty's 'very good legs' The film featured Daniel Craig as James Bond and the Queen meeting at Buckingham Palace . The short video showed Daniel Craig visiting the Queen at Buckingham Palace before boarding a helicopter - after which an actor dressed as Her Majesty parachuted into Olympic Stadium during the live ceremony. Minutes later, the Queen entered the stadium to rapturous applause. Mrs McKenzie told The Telegraph: 'We filmed over a few days at Buckingham Palace and I couldn't breathe a word to anyone. 'I'd worked with the director before and she thought it was something I'd be prepared to do, but she did say she had one proviso; she'd have to see my legs - because the Queen actually has very good legs and they'd be on show getting into the helicopter.' However, it appears the producers' preoccupation with the Queen's legs didn't end with just her body double. The stuntman who was dressed as the Queen for his parachute out of the helicopter during the ceremony also claimed he was selected for his legs. On the night, daredevil Gary Connery was sewn into a copy of the salmon dress the Queen was wearing and given a wig before launching himself into the stadium. After the film showed the Queen boarding the helicopter, a stuntman dressed as Her Majesty parachuted into the Olympic Stadium to rapturous applause . Asked why he was chosen for the jump, Mr Connery replied: 'Good question. I think they liked my legs.' He added: 'I’ve got Queen-style legs.' Gary, who completed the world’s first skydive without a parachute in May 2012, said he had only one regret from the night: ‘I really wanted to keep the dress, but I wasn’t allowed. It would have looked great on a night out.’ The result was the most talked-about sequence of Danny Boyle’s stunning Olympics opening ceremony.
highlights: Actress Julia McKenzie required to show her ankles during film audition . She was used as a body double for the Queen in Olympic ceremony film . Directors were concerned her ankles didn't match Queen's 'very good' legs . The film was a James Bond spoof featuring Her Majesty and Daniel Craig .
id: c91f1f50270d2c31e916c28239316b5fea4b2693
chatgpt: Actress Julia McKenzie was recently asked to show her ankles during a film audition for a James Bond spoof featuring Her Majesty the Queen and Daniel Craig. McKenzie was used as a body double for the Queen in an Olympic ceremony scene. However, the film's directors were concerned that her ankles didn't match the Queen's famously "very good" legs. According to sources, McKenzie was asked to remove her shoes during the audition so that the directors could compare her ankles to the Queen's. After a thorough examination, the directors reportedly concluded that McKenzie's ankles were not suitable for the role. It is not uncommon for filmmakers to use body doubles in scenes that require a particular physical characteristic or a stunt. However, it is rare for an actor's ankles to be the sole basis for their suitability for a role. The James Bond spoof, which is currently in production, features Craig as 007 on a mission to protect the Queen during the London Olympics. The movie is expected to be a hilarious and tongue-in-cheek take on the spy genre, incorporating various nods to British culture and traditions. The selection of a body double for the Queen's legs is just one example of the attention to detail that the filmmakers are putting into this production. From set design to costumes, every aspect of the movie is being carefully crafted to ensure that it fully captures the spirit of the Olympics and British culture. McKenzie, who is an accomplished actress in her own right, is likely not too disappointed about being passed over for the body double role. She has had many successful roles in theater and television, and is highly respected in the UK acting community. Overall, the use of a body double for the Queen's legs is just one indicator of the level of attention and care being put into this James Bond spoof. Fans of the spy genre and British culture can look forward to a highly entertaining film that lovingly pokes fun at some of the most iconic elements of both.