article: By . Helen Pow . A Detroit man tried to throw a football loaded with heroin, marijuana, tobacco and multiple cellphones into the yard of a state prison, Michigan authorities say. According to state police Trooper Toby Baker, Christen Deon-Sterling Moore's throw on Sunday came up short with the football landing between two fences and not in the yard where prisoners exercise. An officer at the G. Robert Cotton Correctional Facility saw the man throw the football, and he was taken into custody. No touch down: Detroit man Christen Deon-Sterling Moore, pictured, tried to throw a football loaded with heroin, marijuana, tobacco and multiple cellphones into the yard of a state prison, Michigan authorities say . The Detroit Free Press reports the ball contained heroin, marijuana, tobacco along with three cellphones and chargers. The suspect is facing possession of illegal drugs with intent to deliver, smuggling and trespassing on prison property charges. 'After observing the passenger exit the vehicle and throw the football, our officer ran towards the vehicle and drew his Taser and told the driver to stop, which he did,' said Russ Marlan, a spokesman for the Michigan Department of Corrections. Moore is charged with crimes related to delivery of heroin and marijuana and smuggling cell phones to prisoners. Each is a five-year felony. Moore has been arraigned but it was not clear whether he is free on bond. Oops: The suspect's throw on Sunday came up short with the football, pictured, landing between two fences and not in the yard where prisoners exercise . Prison: An officer at the G. Robert Cotton Correctional Facility, pictured, saw the man throw the football, and he was taken into custody . 'We take very seriously the security of our prisons and will prosecute any violations of contraband that occur,' Jackson County Prosecutor Jerry Jarzynka told the Free Press. According to the newspaper corrections officers have complained that stopping manning gun towers and regular perimeter patrols at state prisons has made it easier to throw contraband over prison fences. But prison officials say random patrols are more effective when teamed with better lighting and video surveillance. 'The idea to staff these randomly came from our wardens,' Marlan said, adding that there wasn't the return on investment for continuous manning of these posts.'
highlights: Christen Deon-Sterling Moore's throw at the G. Robert Cotton Correctional Facility near Detroit on Sunday came up short, police say . The football landed between two fences and not in the yard where prisoners exercise . The ball contained heroin, marijuana, tobacco along with three cellphones and chargers . The suspect is facing possession of illegal drugs with intent to deliver, smuggling and trespassing on prison property charges .
id: ac5826ee2993f4a674e09755dcb5942780d38568
chatgpt: A man attempting to smuggle illegal drugs into a Michigan correctional facility on Sunday afternoon was apprehended after his attempt was foiled. Christen Deon-Sterling Moore, the suspect, threw a football containing heroin, marijuana, and tobacco over two fences and into the exercise yard of G. Robert Cotton Correctional Facility near Detroit.  However, Moore's intended target missed his catch, and the ball landed in between two fences outside the prison yard. The correctional facility's officers immediately became suspicious of the football's unexpected arrival and conducted a search of the area. They quickly discovered the football was containing more than conventional stuffing. Upon checking the ball, G.Robert Cotton officers found three cellphones and chargers inside along with illegal drugs worth thousands of dollars. The interception of the football led to the arrest of Moore, who was waiting outside the prison to collect the ball once it had been successfully retrieved by an inmate.  Moore was swiftly caught and taken into custody, and he's now facing charges of possession of illegal drugs with intent to deliver, smuggling, and trespassing on prison property. The penalties for these crimes are severe, and he could face many years in prison if found guilty. Smuggling illegal substances into U.S. prisons is a criminal enterprise that brings in millions of dollars each year. These illegal networks extend their operations into prisons to cater to the needs of inmates, and this practice poses a considerable risk to the safety and security of the prison staff and the inmates. Subsequently, correctional facilities across the country have ramped up security measures to deter the smuggling of drugs and contraband items into prisons. This includes installing cameras, increasing patrols, and conducting routine searches to ensure that similar attempts are thwarted. Despite the authorities' best efforts to stamp out these criminal activities, offenders like Moore have continued to attempt to smuggle drugs and other contraband items into prisons. Thus, the fight against the illegal drug trade is far from over, and law enforcement agencies must remain vigilant in protecting against these illegal activities.