article: (CNN) -- Norway's official  mourning period for victims of a bombing and shooting rampage ended Sunday with a national remembrance ceremony in Oslo. The Oslo bombing and Utoya island shooting killed a total of 77 people last month. "In the time behind us, we have followed 77 people to their graves," King Harald V told mourners at Sunday's ceremony in Oslo. "We have gotten to know each of them a little from the stories about them. Seventy-seven lives of people who wanted to change the world are gone. We will keep their memory alive by keeping their fight for a better world alive. I say to you as I said on the day after the tragedy -- freedom is stronger than fear." The ceremony came a day after survivors returned for the first time to the site of the island shooting, where the gunman killed 69 people. He also bombed the Oslo government buildings on the same day, killing eight more people. Most of the victims were at a political summer camp held by  the youth wing of the governing Labour Party at the time of the July 22  shooting attack. Most survivors made it out alive by hiding among rocks or diving into the chilly waters around the island. Before the survivors' visit, relatives of those killed traveled to the island Friday for the first time to see where their loved ones spent their final moments. Many lit candles and left flowers in makeshift shrines. The suspect in both attacks, Anders Breivik, was ordered held in isolation for four more weeks Friday after appearing before a judge in Oslo. If removed from isolation, there's danger that he will tamper with evidence and hinder the police investigation, the judge said. Breivik, 32, had told the court that being held in isolation is "boring, monotonous and a sadistic method of torture," the judge said. The suspect admitted the attacks, a judge and his lawyer say, but has pleaded not guilty in court. CNN's Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "We will keep their memory alive," says Norway's king . The ceremony comes a day after survivors of the island shooting return to the site for the first time . A judge orders the suspect, Anders Breivik, to be held in isolation for four more weeks . The twin attacks kill 77 people, many of them youth . The suspect admits the attacks, but pleads not guilty in court .
id: f4ea631aae556d49e4bb6ae01d2e192af9af043e
chatgpt: Norway's King Harald V led a solemn ceremony on the fourth anniversary of the twin attacks that killed 77 people, many of them youth. The ceremony, held in Oslo, began with a minute of silence for those who lost their lives in the July 22, 2011, bombing and shooting spree. Speaking at the event, the King said, "We will keep their memory alive." The ceremony comes just one day after survivors of the island shooting returned to the site for the first time. The group of survivors, now adults, returned to the island of Utoya to pay their respects to the friends and loved ones they lost in the attack. The emotional visit was seen as a step towards healing for the victims and their families. In the meantime, a judge has ordered the suspect, Anders Breivik, to be held in isolation for four more weeks. Breivik, who carried out the attacks, has been held in isolation since his arrest in 2011. His mental health has been a subject of much speculation and debate, and he is due to be re-evaluated soon. Breivik has admitted to carrying out the attacks but has pleaded not guilty in court. His defense team argues that he was mentally ill at the time of the attacks and therefore not responsible for his actions. The trial has been closely followed by the Norwegian public, with many urging a harsh punishment for Breivik. The attacks in 2011 shook Norway to its core and prompted a national debate on gun control, mental health, and extremist ideologies. However, in the wake of the tragedy, Norway has shown remarkable resilience and unity. The country has come together to support the victims and their families, and to work towards healing and reconciliation. As Norway marks the fourth anniversary of the attacks, the thoughts and prayers of the world are with the victims and their loved ones. The words of King Harald V ring true as Norway and the world continue to remember the lives that were lost: "We will keep their memory alive."