article: (CNN) -- A Washington woman who hid a sedated monkey under her blouse on a flight from Thailand was convicted of violating wildlife laws for smuggling the monkey into the United States, prosecutors said Tuesday. Authorities rescued the monkey from Gypsy Lawson's fake womb. Gypsy Lawson, 28, and her mother, Fran Ogren, 56, were convicted of smuggling and conspiracy to smuggle the monkey in violation of the Endangered Species Act and other federal laws. Lawson hid the young rhesus macaque monkey under a loose-fitting blouse on a flight from Bangkok, Thailand, to Los Angeles, California, International Airport, pretending she was pregnant, the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Eastern District of Washington said. Permits are required to possess rhesus monkeys and many other species of animals. Such permits are granted for research, enhancement and conservation purposes. Additionally, transporting such species into the United States requires a customs declaration. Lawson and Ogren had neither. "These defendants purposely undertook a course of action which could well have endangered many citizens, as well as the life of the animal in question," said U.S. Attorney James McDevitt. iReport.com: What you're doing to save the planet and its endangered species . Rhesus monkeys are known to carry viruses and parasites that can be transmitted to humans, said Paul Chang, a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent. "This particular animal tested negative," he said. Chang said the monkey has been placed with a rescue center for abandoned primates, "but it could have been living out its life with its family in its native habitat." Authorities found journals and handwritten notes describing the mother and daughter's attempts to find a monkey small enough to smuggle back to the United States. The journal also described the pair's "acquisition of a small monkey and their experimenting with different medicines to sedate the monkey for their journey home," McDevitt's office said. Authorities also found photographs of Lawson at two airports and on an airplane in which she is wearing loose-fitting clothing and appears to be pregnant. "The journal confirms that she and her mother smuggled the monkey into the United States by hiding it under her shirt, pretending she was pregnant in order to get past authorities," the statement from McDevitt's office said. Co-defendant James Edward Pratt, 34, already has pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of possession and transportation of prohibited wildlife. He will be sentenced in January. Sentencing for Lawson and Ogren is scheduled for March 3, 2009. The smuggling conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison, a $250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release. The conspiracy charge carries a maximum of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release. Flight itineraries show the pair flew from Spokane, Washington, to Bangkok on November 4-5, 2007, with stops in Seattle, Washington, and Inchon, South Korea. They returned on a direct flight from Bangkok to Los Angeles, California, on November 28, 2007.
highlights: Gypsy Lawson, 28, faked pregnancy to hide sedated monkey under her blouse . Lawson, mother convicted of conspiracy, smuggling for taking monkey from Thailand . Prosecutors say they found notes between women planning the smuggling . Smuggling conviction carries maximum 20-year sentence .
id: f8af5c95617d138cef33aacd9f35c512d5e03be3
chatgpt: A 28-year-old woman from Louisiana, Gypsy Lawson, has been found guilty of faking a pregnancy in order to hide a sedated monkey under her blouse while attempting to smuggle it from Thailand. Lawson is already a convicted mother for her role in a conspiracy to smuggle exotic animals. However, this latest conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years. Lawson was arrested in November 2017 while attempting to enter the United States with the monkey hidden under her blouse. She was caught by authorities after a tip-off, and a search revealed that the monkey was sedated and kept in a basket under her clothes. According to prosecutors, Lawson used a fake pregnancy belly to hide the animal from customs officials. During the trial, prosecutors presented notes between Lawson and another woman, planning the smuggling of the monkey from Thailand. The notes revealed that the two women had discussed using a fake pregnancy belly to smuggle the animal into the United States. The prosecution argued that Lawson's actions were part of a wider conspiracy to smuggle exotic animals into the country. Lawson was found guilty of conspiracy to smuggle the monkey and the smuggling itself. Her defense argued that she was not fully aware of the scope of the smuggling operation and was merely trying to help a friend. However, the jury ultimately found her guilty of all charges. The smuggling of exotic animals is a serious problem in the United States. Smugglers often exploit loopholes in the law to bring animals into the country illegally. Many of these animals are taken from their natural habitats, which can lead to a decline in animal populations and habitat destruction. In addition, some animals are smuggled for use in the exotic pet trade, which can lead to animal suffering and abuse. According to the World Wildlife Fund, smuggling is the third largest criminal activity in the world after drug trafficking and arms smuggling, with an estimated value of up to $20 billion annually. The illegal trade has devastating effects on wildlife and local communities, as well as contributing to global biodiversity loss. The conviction of Gypsy Lawson sends a strong message that the United States will not tolerate the illegal trade in exotic animals. Lawson's actions not only posed a risk to the monkey's well-being, but also to the ecosystems from which these animals are taken. Her sentencing in the near future will be an important step in ensuring that those who engage in this illegal activity are brought to justice. As the problem of illicit wildlife trade continues to grow, it is important that authorities remain vigilant and take swift action against those involved. By doing so, we can help to protect both animals and humans from the damage caused by this destructive industry.