article: (CNN) -- In the face of several tough upcoming Senate races, many Democratic candidates have found a multitude of ways to separate themselves from the President's most recent speech on ISIS. Alaska Sen. Mark Begich said he opposes arming Syrian rebels. "We must have greater assurance that we aren't arming extremists who will eventually use the weapons against us," he said. Begich has been working to distance himself from the President on a multitude of issues in a tight Senate race. 5 takeaways from Obama's speech . After the speech, Colorado Sen. Mark Udall challenged the President's suggestion that he has unilateral authority to expand military operations. He said Obama must receive authorization from Congress to do some of the things outlined in the speech. "I will not give this president -- or any other president -- a blank check to begin another land war in Iraq," Udall said in a statement. Udall's demand that Congress go on the record is contrary to conventional wisdom that campaigning lawmakers don't want to go on record before a war-weary electorate weeks before an election. But he's running against a member of Congress, Rep. Cory Gardner, so if Udall has to take a vote, Gardner does too -- and both will be held accountable. After the President spoke, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire attempted to look tough against the President of the same party. "I will continue to press the President to use all of the tools at his disposal, short of ground troops, to defeat ISIS," she said. Shaheen's challenger, Scott Brown, has been making ISIS and terrorism an issue on the campaign trail in the tightening race. Sen. Kay Hagan of North Carolina took an approach similar to Shaheen's. "I pressed the administration to arm and empower moderate Syrian rebels and I am glad that effort will be accelerated." Hagan presented an image of someone who was standing up to the President, responding to attacks made by her challenger in an upcoming Senate race, Thom Tillis, who has argued that Hagan is a puppet of Obama. Tillis said after Obama's speech: "The job of a senator is to stand up to the President when they are wrong, something Sen. Hagan has repeatedly refused to do." Showdown: Jay Carney, John McCain face off .
highlights: Alaska Sen. Mark Begich said he opposes arming Syrian rebels . Colorado Sen. Mark Udall is challenging the President's unilateral authority . In New Hampshire, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, tried to look tough against Obama .
id: 58db9917ec93d04f2fa692c6d1561e0115d8f2d1
chatgpt: As the debate over the United States' involvement in Syria continues to rage on, several key senators are taking stances that go against the Obama administration's plans. In Alaska, Mark Begich has come out in opposition to arming Syrian rebels. The senator believes that sending arms and money to opposition forces in Syria would only serve to escalate the violence, and potentially put American troops at risk. Begich's stance is in opposition to the Obama administration, which has made clear its intent to arm rebel groups fighting against the Assad regime. Meanwhile, in Colorado, Senator Mark Udall is challenging the president's authority to act unilaterally. Udall, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has expressed concerns that the Obama administration's plans for Syria go beyond what is authorized under the U.S. Constitution. The senator has called for a public debate and a clear definition of the administration's goals in the region. In New Hampshire, Senator Jeanne Shaheen is attempting to distance herself from the Obama administration's perceived mishandling of the situation in Syria. At a recent town hall meeting, Shaheen tried to portray herself as a tough critic of the president, even going so far as to criticize his handling of the Benghazi attack. The senator's attempts to distance herself from the president could be seen as an attempt to bolster her own reelection prospects in 2014. The stance taken by these senators highlights the growing divide within the Democratic Party over the issue of Syria. While some members of the party have openly supported the Obama administration's plans, others have expressed concerns about the potential consequences of intervention. With the 2014 midterm elections rapidly approaching, it remains to be seen what impact the Syria debate will have on individual senators' reelection prospects. Regardless of the outcome of the debate, it is clear that the issue of Syria will continue to be a defining issue in American politics for years to come. As the situation in the country continues to deteriorate, the need for a clear and decisive policy from the United States will only grow more urgent. Whether or not the Obama administration is able to win support for its plans, it is clear that the debate over Syria will have far-reaching implications for American foreign policy in the years ahead.