article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal officials said Thursday more needs to be done to warn rescuers of special dangers at the scene of small plane crashes. Although firefighters are well versed about the dangers of burning fuel and sharp debris, they may not be aware that some aviation systems -- systems considered safety devices aloft -- become especially hazardous on the ground. Among the hazards: ejection seat rockets, airbag components, and explosive charges that deploy parachutes that can lower the entire aircraft to the ground. "These explosive components, if they remain charged and are unknown to first responders and investigators, pose a high level of risk to those working in and around the aircraft wreckage," the National Transportation Safety Board said. The safety board cited five incidents since 2001 in which first responders and accident investigators who responded to plane wrecks were evidently unaware of the hazard of explosive components. "In some cases, they began performing rescue, fire suppression and accident investigation activities that might have inadvertently activated the explosive component, posing a great risk of injury," the safety board said. None resulted in fatalities or injuries to the responders. In one incident -- the January 2012 fatal crash of an experimental jet near Rainbow City, Alabama -- a police officer became aware of the hidden dangers only after an NTSB investigator told him by phone not to allow the recovery of the pilot's remains until the pilot's ejection seat could be deactivated. In another incident, firefighters attempting to put out a blaze at a Cirrus SR22 crash took additional safety precautions after being told the plane had a BRS -- a solid-fuel rocket used to deploy the plane's parachute. The NTSB is recommending that the Federal Aviation Administration take additional steps to address the safety issue. The FAA should require aircraft owners to disclose the presence of explosive safety devices when they register their aircraft every three years. The online registry is easily available to first responders, the NTSB said. The FAA also should issue a safety bulletin to first responders, the board recommended. The FAA said it will review the recommendations. "We have collaborated with ballistic device manufacturers, airplane manufacturers, firefighting organizations and other first responder groups to develop training about the potential hazards at an accident scene and to ensure that warning markings meet the necessary guidelines," the FAA said in a statement.
highlights: NTSB warns of hazards about small aircraft fires . NTSB cited 5 incidents since 2001 in which first responders unaware of hazards . The NTSB recommending FAA take additional steps to address the safety issue .
id: 0a50865864a332a56d91e2929d8a5cf7a185107d
chatgpt: The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has issued a warning about the potential hazards of small aircraft fires. Since 2001, the board has cited five incidents in which first responders were unaware of the risks associated with these fires. The report calls on the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to take additional steps to address the safety issue. The board suggests that the FAA require manufacturers to install fire suppression systems in small aircraft and mandate that first responders undergo training on how to safely extinguish fires in these types of planes. According to the NTSB, the five incidents cited in its report resulted in two fatalities and two serious injuries. In these cases, first responders either failed to recognize or were unable to control the fire, resulting in the loss of the aircraft. The NTSB warns that small aircraft fires can spread quickly and are often difficult to extinguish. Due to the compact design of these planes, fires can quickly become engulfed in the cabin and pose a serious threat to passengers and crew. The report notes that small aircraft fires are often caused by electrical faults, fuel leaks, or mechanical failures. These issues can be exacerbated by factors such as poor maintenance and the use of outdated equipment. In order to address these risks, the NTSB recommends that the FAA require small aircraft manufacturers to install fire suppression systems as standard equipment. This would ensure that fires can be quickly and effectively contained before they can cause serious harm. The board also suggests that the FAA mandate training for first responders on how to safely extinguish fires in small aircraft. This would help to ensure that responders are aware of the unique risks associated with these planes and are equipped to respond quickly and effectively in the event of a fire. In conclusion, the NTSB's warning about the hazards of small aircraft fires should be taken seriously by the aviation community. By addressing these risks through the installation of fire suppression systems and training for first responders, we can help to ensure the safety of all those who fly in these types of planes. The FAA must take immediate action to implement the board's recommendations and prevent future tragedies before they occur.