article: By . Alexandra Klausner . An architect's plan to shoot-up the upscale New York design firm where he worked 'because he was getting fired' was halted by a fellow employee who says she saw him make a map of potential victims and heard him make threats. Kon Jang, 35, was arrested on May 29 after he allegedly schemed to shoot employees at the CentraRuddy design firm in Soho after they planned to fire him for his mercurial temperament and 'erratic' behavior. Jang, described as a 'loner', failed to keep his plan secret to a female employee deemed 'his only friend' at the firm. Kon Jang, 35, allegedly planned to shoot his coworkers at the upscale New York design firm that was going to fire him for his 'erratic' behavior . He allegedly told her that he had a gun and that he planned to execute a mass shooting at the office. He showed her a map that had red 'Xs' where his co-workers sat. On her desk and his he apparently put a circle. The Post reports that Jang also told coworkers, 'I’m going to come back here and you are going to get it.' He allegedly told his one female confidant that he 'wanted to be on the news' and that he was planning a 'tragedy.' He also allegedly told the woman that he was going to warn her not to come to work the day of the shooting. The woman says he probed her for information about when the next meeting would be 'where everyone would be together.' The design firm CentraRuddy is located on Broadway in the upscale neighborhood of Soho in Manhattan . He reportedly said he'd 'stay quiet until then.' When police went to Jang's home in Wood-Ridge, NJ on May 29 they arrested him on harassment charges and say that they found 'what appears to be an assault rifle and rounds of fake ammunition.' It's unclear as to whether or not he knew his ammunition was fake. Jang is being held on $10,000 bail. He surrendered his passport on May 30 and his next court apperance is on June 16. 'He was very quiet. I never saw anything, I never would have guessed,' said a woman who works at CetraRuddy to the post. Jang is 'no longer with the firm,' said another employee. According to his LinkedIn profile, Jang had been employed by CentraRuddy since February of last year. He studied at prestigious universities like University of The Arts London, Pratt, and The Rhode Island School of Design. His design website Konidesign.com shows projects he worked on in New York, Boston, Portland, and Providence.
highlights: Kon Jang, 35, was arrested on May 29 after he allegedly planned to shoot employees at the CentraRuddy design firm in Soho . Jang told female employee, 'his only friend' at the firm, that he had a gun and that he planned to execute a mass shooting at the office . He also allegedly told her that he 'wanted to be on the news' and that he was planning a 'tragedy' When police went to Jang's home in Wood-Ridge, NJ they found 'what appears to be an assault rifle and rounds of fake ammunition' It's unclear as to whether or not Jang knew that the ammunition was fake .
id: a80d764e298c5cbde2cfa689604e363692a5dce4
chatgpt: A man has been arrested in New York City after allegedly planning a mass shooting at a design firm in Soho. Kon Jang, 35, was arrested on May 29 after allegedly telling a female employee at CentraRuddy that he had a gun and intended to shoot employees at the office. Jang reportedly told the employee, whom he described as his only friend at the firm, that he wanted to be on the news and planned to stage a tragedy.  When police went to Jang's home in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey, they found what appears to be an assault rifle and rounds of fake ammunition. It is unclear if Jang knew that the ammunition was fake or not. A spokesperson for CentraRuddy said that the company was aware of the situation and was cooperating with the police investigation. The spokesperson also said that the safety and security of their employees is always their top priority. The incident once again raises concerns about gun violence in the United States. According to the Gun Violence Archive, there have been 237 mass shootings in the US so far this year, resulting in 1030 deaths and 2939 injuries. New York City has some of the strictest gun laws in the country, with a ban on assault weapons and a limit on the size of ammunition magazines. However, this has not stopped the city from experiencing its share of gun violence. In 2020, there were 1,531 shooting incidents in the city, resulting in 1,868 victims. Mayor Bill de Blasio called the incident "an absolute nightmare scenario" and praised the police for their swift action in apprehending Jang. "Our officers did an outstanding job in taking this person off the streets and preventing what could have been a terrible tragedy," he said in a statement. Jang has been charged with making terroristic threats and aggravated harassment. He is currently being held without bail and is scheduled to appear in court on June 3. The incident serves as a reminder of the ongoing issue of gun violence in the United States and the need for stronger gun control measures. Recent shootings, including the mass shooting in Virginia Beach in 2019 and the mass shooting at a Boulder, Colorado, grocery store earlier this year, have reignited the debate over gun control in the country. For now, the employees at CentraRuddy can breathe a sigh of relief that Jang was apprehended before any harm could be done. The incident, however, serves as a sobering reminder that gun violence remains a danger that must be addressed.