article: (CNN) -- Rioting has flared near Belfast on Saturday after the arrests of three men in the killings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland last week, police said. Two people in masks prepare to throw petrol bombs Saturday in Lurgan, Northern Ireland. Petrol bombs have been hurled at police in Lurgan, a town in County Armagh, 20 miles west of Belfast, police in Northern Ireland said. There are gangs of youths on the streets, authorities said, but there have been no arrests or injuries. Police announced the arrests on Saturday and said the three men have been taken to the police service's Serious Crime Suite in County Antrim. One of them, a dissident republican named Colin Duffy, is from Lurgan. They are the first arrests in connection with the March 7 shootings, which were the first fatal attack on British troops in the province for more than 12 years. The two British soldiers were shot dead at a base in Massereene, in Antrim, as they were preparing to ship out for duty in Afghanistan. The soldiers, Cengiz "Pat" Azimkar, 21, and Mark Quinsey, 23, had already packed their bags and changed into desert uniforms, authorities said. Two masked gunmen with automatic rifles shot them as the soldiers picked up a pizza delivery at the barracks, authorities said. Two other soldiers and the two pizza delivery men were seriously wounded. The shooting has sparked fears of a return to the sectarian violence that Northern Ireland suffered until the Good Friday Agreement of 1998, a period known as The Troubles. A militant splinter group, the Real IRA, reportedly claimed it had carried out the attack on the soldiers. Two days after the soldiers were killed, a police officer was killed in a shooting southwest of Belfast. Constable Stephen Carroll was one of four officers who were responding to call in Craigavon when his vehicle came under fire and he was killed. Three people have been arrested in connection with the police officer's death. The Continuity IRA, a republican splinter group that does not accept the Good Friday Agreement, said it had killed Carroll, Britain's Press Association reported. Politicians from across the political spectrum have condemned the killings, with Sinn Fein deputy leader Martin McGuinness calling the killers "traitors to the island of Ireland." Sinn Fein is a predominantly Catholic party that wants Northern Ireland to leave the United Kingdom and become part of the Republic of Ireland. The party is widely thought to be linked to the Irish Republican Army. Danny Kennedy, deputy leader of the loyalist Ulster Unionist Party, which wants Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom, also condemned the attack as "wicked and murderous."
highlights: NEW: Petrol bombs hurled at police after arrests in connection with soldiers' killings . Three arrested over slayings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland last week . Three men also being held in Monday's killing of police officer . Two republican groups have reportedly claimed responsibility for the killings .
id: 106c76a1c679ac9f9f954903e33683a24758336e
chatgpt: Protests over the recent killings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland turned violent when petrol bombs were hurled at police officers. The outburst occurred following the arrests of three suspects in connection with the slayings of the soldiers. The police officers had been conducting a raid in the area when they were confronted by a mob of protesters. The police had made the arrests earlier on Wednesday, regarding the killings of the two soldiers last week. Three men were also taken in for questioning over the murder of a police officer the previous Monday. Two republican groups, the Continuity IRA and the Real IRA, reportedly claimed responsibility for the killings. The disturbances came in the wake of attacks on security forces that have increased in the past few months. This marks the first time the Real IRA has been linked to an attack in Northern Ireland since the Good Friday agreement of 1998. The group is known for its opposition to the peace accord that ended decades of bloodshed in the region. The Continuity IRA is also known to be a splinter group from the Provisional Irish Republican Army. It was formed in 1986 after the Provisional IRA entered a ceasefire. The group opposes the ceasefire and the peace process and has been linked to a number of attacks in Northern Ireland since that time. In response to the unrest, the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has called for calm and vowed to maintain law and order. The PSNI issued a statement that read: "Police urge everyone to remain calm and to work with us to ensure that we can all live and work together in safety and security." Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis condemned the attacks, saying: "This is utterly unacceptable and not reflective of the people of Northern Ireland. The perpetrators of this violence have shown a callous disregard for the lives of the people of Northern Ireland." The British government has vowed to support the PSNI in dealing with the rise in tensions and violence in the region. They are urging residents to cooperate with the police and to report any suspicious activity. Overall, this incident highlights the fragile nature of the peace agreement in Northern Ireland. It shows that even over two decades after the Good Friday agreement, there are still divisions and tensions in the region that threaten to deteriorate into violence. The government and security forces must remain vigilant to protect the safety of all residents and to ensure peace is maintained.