article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 04:04 EST, 20 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:23 EST, 20 May 2013 . Commuters on London Underground will no doubt cast an envious eye at these pictures of what will shortly become the world's most luxurious metro system. Looking more like the inside of five-star hotel, the proposed network, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, will boast a space age design featuring marbled walkways, gold-plated walls and, naturally in one of the hottest places on earth, air conditioning. The facade will apparently be designed to let in light while keeping out the harsh desert sun, while the overall shape is meant to recall the country's wind-blown sand dunes. Lap of luxury: With marbled walkways, raised escalators and gold-plated walls, this proposed new metro station on Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, is a far cry from underground railway stations in other world cities . Sleek: An aerial view of the new station, the design of which is based on Saudi Arabia's wind-swept sand dunes . Luxury: The design will apparently let in the sun rays but air conditioning will keep commuters cool in what is one of the world's hottest countries . Amazingly, the new six-line network has been ordered to be completed by the ruling King Abdullah in just four years - the amount of time it took builders in New York to renovate just one station. What will frustrate weary London commuters even more is that the main feature of the new system, a three-way interchange at the city's busiest station, has been designed by half-British architect Zaha Hadid, who has been behind a string of developments around the world. The London-based designer, who is half-Iraqi, was the brains behind developments in the Capital's Hoxton Square and Eaton Place, as well as international projects in cities including New York, Singapore and Dubai. Daily grind? Hardly, as the spacious, marbled walkways will allow commuters plenty of room to get about . Quick-fire: King Abdullah has ordered the new network and renovated stations to be completed in just four years . Talented: Zaha Hadid, the architect behind the scheme, is based in London as has helped design a number of buildings around the world .
highlights: Metro hub in capital, Riyadh, looks more like interior of five-star hotel . It will boast marbled passages and gold-plated walls in space-age design . London-based architect Zaha Hadid behind impressive scheme .
id: b4586f7f41c0189d2765c015c79decee0fc65830
chatgpt: Riyadh, the capital city of Saudi Arabia, is set to get a swanky new metro hub that looks like it could be the interior of a five-star hotel. The station is the brainchild of world-renowned architect Zaha Hadid, who is known for her innovative and futuristic designs. The impressive scheme is set to feature marbled passages, gold-plated walls, and a space-age design that is sure to wow commuters and visitors alike. Hadid's design is set to transform the traditional idea of a metro station and set a new standard for public transport hubs around the world. The new metro hub is set to be a key feature of the Riyadh Metro system, which is currently under construction and set to be completed by 2021. The system will include six metro lines and 85 stations, including the impressive new hub designed by Hadid. Hadid is a London-based architect who is known for her cutting-edge designs and innovative use of materials. She has designed a wide range of buildings around the world, including museums, stadiums, and even a ski resort in the mountains of Azerbaijan. The new metro hub in Riyadh is set to be her latest masterpiece, and it has already generated a lot of excitement among architects and design enthusiasts around the world. The project is being closely watched by other cities around the globe that are looking to upgrade their transport infrastructure and create new urban spaces that are both functional and beautiful. The Riyadh Metro system is being built to help ease traffic congestion in the city and improve the overall quality of life for residents. The new system is expected to carry around 3.6 million passengers every day and reduce traffic congestion by up to 30%. The new metro hub will be a key part of this ambitious project, and it is sure to become an iconic feature of the city's landscape. With its marbled passages, gold-plated walls, and space-age design, it is set to become one of the most impressive and visually striking metro stations in the world. Overall, the new metro hub in Riyadh is an impressive feat of design and engineering, and it is sure to become a key feature of the city's transport infrastructure for years to come. With Zaha Hadid's innovative design at its core, the hub is set to transform the traditional idea of a metro station and create a new standard for public transport hubs around the globe.