article: A power failure at Stansted Airport has caused delays to the departure of Christmas holidaymakers. The failure has affected one of the satellite buildings at the Essex airport and the track transit which is used to take passengers to the outer  buildings for boarding. Stansted said neither the main terminal nor the runway were affected and that passengers were being taken by bus to their flights. The Stansted Airport Terminal, where delays have been caused by a power failure (stock photo) On Christmas Eve last year a power failure caused by flooding at Gatwick airport in West Sussex led to severe delays and a number of flight cancellations. As efforts continued to restore power, Stansted reported that flights were operating, but with some delays. Twitter user Jennie Thomas posted an image shortly before 5.30pm of a packed terminal with the message: 'The scene at Stansted Airport with no flights currently going in or out due to a power failure. Merry Xmas everyone!' Another Twitter user @dazedbyitall said, 'Armed police holding back crowds at Stansted Airport as power cuts cause chaos ... Turning ugly,' although a picture was not posted to back up the claim. Elsewhere, Christmas chaos was averted when a strike by airport staff at Gatwick, Heathrow and Manchester airports was been called off this afternoon. Passengers wait at Stansted Airport, Essex, where the outage has affected transit to boarding terminals . Members of the Unite union working for dnata at the three airports had been due to walk out on Tuesday, but will now vote on revised proposals at a later date to the relief of travellers. About four million Britons are heading overseas during this festive period, estimated the travel association Abta, a slight increase on last year. Heathrow is the busiest British departure point with almost 700,000 passengers leaving between December 19 and Christmas Day. Gatwick is expecting more than 1.7 million passengers to travel through the airport between December 19 and January 5. About four million Britons are heading overseas during this festive period . Stansted has been listed among the worst airports for festive period delays last year by travel website flightcompensation.com. Luton Airport was named the worst airport for Christmas flight delays with the majority (56.61 per cent) of all flights that month being delayed by 15 minutes or more. Stansted was a close second with 54.9 per cent, followed by Gatwick with 54.27 per cent and Heathrow came at ninth with 31.84 per cent. Manchester (42.28 per cent), Southampton (39.29 per cent) and Bournemouth (38.64 per cent) were also included in the top ten along with private airfield Northolt (50 per cent), Prestwick (35.44 per cent) and Nottingham East Midlands (31.84 per cent).
highlights: Stansted Airport transit from terminal to satellite building impacted . The main terminal and runway is not affected by the outage . Stansted said flights are operating but with some delays .
id: 295a93e9f9b4947a29f7f476eb31a59a37293152
chatgpt: Stansted Airport, located in Essex, England, has been experiencing an outage in its transit system from the main terminal to the satellite building, resulting in delays for passengers. The airport has confirmed that flights are operating, and the main terminal and runway are not affected by the outage. The issue began on Tuesday, August 17th, 2021 during the afternoon, with passengers taking to social media to share their frustrations about the disruption. The airport immediately alerted passengers and their airlines, advising them to allow extra time for their journeys. A spokesperson for Stansted Airport stated, "We are aware of an issue with the transit system from the main terminal to the satellite building. This has resulted in delays for some passengers. However, we want to reassure our customers that flights are operating, and the main terminal and runway are not affected." The spokesperson also confirmed that technicians were working to resolve the issue as quickly as possible, and that additional staff had been deployed to assist passengers impacted by the delays. Passengers affected by the interruption were advised to check with their airlines for the latest information on their flights and to arrive at the airport earlier than normal to allow extra time for transit between the terminal and satellite building. The outage has affected passengers traveling with several airlines, including Ryanair, easyJet, and Jet2. Passengers with these airlines were urged to check for updates and allow plenty of extra time to get to their gates. Ryanair issued a statement on its Twitter account, advising passengers to allow extra time to get to their departing gates but said that it expected flights to depart as scheduled despite the delays. EasyJet also provided updates regarding the outage on its social media channels, stating that its flights were operating and that passengers should check-in as usual but allowing extra time for transit. The airline also stated that it was working closely with Stansted Airport to minimize the disruption caused to its passengers. The disruption caused by the transit system outage is expected to continue for several days, as technicians work to repair the fault. However, passengers are reminded that Stansted Airport is operating, and delays are being kept to a minimum. Stansted Airport advises passengers to keep an eye on its social media channels for the latest updates and to check with their airlines for any specific information about their flights. Passengers are also advised to prepare for delays and to allow sufficient time for transit between the main terminal and satellite building. In conclusion, although the transit system outage has caused delays for passengers at Stansted Airport, flights are operating as scheduled, and efforts are being made to minimize the disruption caused by the outage. Passengers are advised to remain patient, plan ahead and check for updates regularly as the issue is being resolved.