article: (CNN) -- A suspect was arrested Wednesday night in connection with the death of Little Rock, Arkansas, television news anchor Anne Pressly, police said. Anne Pressly, 26, was a popular morning news anchor at KATV-TV in Little Rock, Arkansas. Curtis Lavell Vance, 28, was arrested at a Little Rock home soon after investigators named him as a suspect. CNN affiliate KATV-TV in Little Rock reported that police were tipped off to Vance's location after investigators publicly identified him as a suspect at a news conference. "We went there and he's in custody," said Lt. Terry Hastings, a police spokesman. Little Rock Police Chief Stuart Thomas did not say what led investigators to name Vance as a suspect, but he said it was "a very, very solid case due to solid detective work." Pressly, 26, was found beaten at her home in October. The KATV anchor had been beaten around her face and upper body. She died days later in a hospital. She had been sedated and unable to speak to police or family members, and suffered massive brain swelling, her family said. Her condition had seemed to be improving shortly before her death. Police earlier said Pressly might have been the victim of a burglary because her purse was missing. Her credit card was used at a gas station sometime this week, police said. Pressly's left hand was broken, possibly as she tried to fight off her attacker. During the investigation, detectives combed the area around Pressly's home in the Heights neighborhood, a mix of bungalows and mansions near the Little Rock Country Club. A $30,000 reward, established by KATV, was offered to anyone providing information leading to the arrest of Pressly's attacker.
highlights: NEW: Little Rock, Arkansas, police chief says he has "solid case" against suspect . Curtis Lavell Vance, 28, arrested late Wednesday in death of TV news anchor . KATV-TV anchor Anne Pressly was 26 . She was severely beaten in her home, died days later at hospital .
id: 2b61633355bdd7b2d721946ddd58c7013ff2ef0f
chatgpt: Little Rock, Arkansas - The police chief in Little Rock, Arkansas says they have a "solid case" against the man responsible for the death of KATV-TV anchor Anne Pressly. Police arrested 28-year-old Curtis Lavell Vance on Wednesday night in connection with Pressly's death, which occurred after she was severely beaten in her home. Pressly, who was just 26 years old, died several days later at a local hospital. According to Little Rock Police Chief Stuart Thomas, Vance was apprehended following a tip from an anonymous source. Thomas stated that investigators had been working around the clock to gather evidence and build a case against Vance, who has a criminal record that includes theft and drug charges. "I want to assure the public that we have a solid case against Mr. Vance," Thomas said in a press conference on Thursday morning. "We believe that he acted alone in this heinous crime, and we are confident that justice will be served." The attack on Pressly, who was widely known and respected in the community, sent shockwaves through Little Rock and the surrounding area. Many residents expressed outrage and sadness over the senseless act of violence, and a memorial was held for Pressly on Thursday night. Vance is currently being held without bail in the Pulaski County Jail. He is facing charges of capital murder, residential burglary, and theft of property. If convicted, he could face life in prison without parole or even the death penalty. Meanwhile, friends, colleagues, and loved ones continue to mourn the loss of Anne Pressly. "Anne was a bright light in our community, and her death has left a hole in our hearts," said KATV-TV General Manager Mark Rose. "We will never forget her and the impact she had on all of us."