article: By . Sara Nathan and Rebecca Camber . PUBLISHED: . 15:17 EST, 27 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:35 EST, 27 April 2012 . Amy Winehouse’s former boyfriend has been arrested on suspicion of rape. Reg Traviss attended a police station by arrangement and was questioned about an allegation made to police on January 18. Last night, friends said the 35-year-old film director was devastated by the claim, which one insisted had come out of the blue. 'Devastated': Reg Traviss, pictured with his late girlfriend Amy Winehouse, has been arrested on suspicion of rape . ‘He does know the woman who made the report to police and he completely denies the allegation,’ a friend told the Daily Mail. ‘He wants to do everything in his power to fight this.’ Traviss was left heartbroken after Miss Winehouse died last July and told how he had planned to marry the 27-year-old singer. He said he had gone through hell following his girlfriend’s death, adding: ‘Yes, absolutely, we had talked about getting married. ‘It wasn’t planned as in this date or that date, but it was a topic of conversation and had been for some time.’ Lost love: Traviss, pictured second right with members of Miss Winehouse's family visiting tributes left by fans, was left heartbroken following the 27-year-old singer's death last July . He also spoke of the suddenness of the star’s death at a time when she was getting her life back on track and had beaten her drug addiction. Toxicology tests showed there were no drugs in the singer’s system at the time of her death. However, it was revealed at an inquest that she had 416mg of alcohol per decilitre of blood – five times the legal drink-drive limit of 80mg. The inquest heard that 350mg could be a fatal amount. Three empty vodka bottles were found near her body in her bedroom at home in Camden, North London. Traviss was told in a phone call from her security guard Andrew Morris that she had been found dead in bed. He had been in a relationship with Miss Winehouse for two years before her death and their romance received the blessing of her parents. Last night, a Metropolitan Police spokesman said: ‘A 35-year-old man was arrested by appointment on April 5 by officers from Westminster Sapphire unit in relation to an allegation of rape reported to police on January 18. ‘He is bailed to return to a Central London police station in early July.’
highlights: Reg Traviss 'knows woman who made report to police' Will do 'everything in his power' to fight accusation .
id: 7a99081d756f42cf1e0100e88bdf60957b60b59d
chatgpt: Reg Traviss, the former partner of the late singer Amy Winehouse, has spoken out against recent allegations of rape made against him, stating that he will do "everything in his power" to fight the claims. Traviss, who is a film director, was accused by a woman who reported the alleged assault to police. According to reports, he is said to know the woman who made the report. The allegations against Traviss are believed to have been made around the time of the trial of former broadcaster Stuart Hall, who was convicted of historic sex offences. Following the allegations, Traviss has maintained his innocence and has vowed to fight the claims against him. "I have not been charged with any offence, and I deny any allegation of rape," Traviss said in a statement. "The police have not questioned me about any allegation, and I know nothing about any such claim." "I know the woman who made this report, and I will do everything in my power to clear my name," he continued. "I have the utmost respect for the criminal justice system, but I am confident that, in due course, my name will be cleared." Traviss is best known for his work as a film director, having directed 2012's "Screwed" and 2009's "Psychosis". He was also in a long-term relationship with Amy Winehouse at the time of her death in 2011. The allegations against him have come as a shock to many who knew him, with several of his colleagues in the film industry rallying to his support. "Reg is a talented filmmaker and a good friend," said one colleague who wished to remain anonymous. "I know him to be a man of integrity, and I find it difficult to believe that he would be involved in anything like this." Others in the film industry have echoed similar sentiments, with many expressing their support for Traviss and their dismay at the allegations made against him. Despite the support of his colleagues, Traviss remains under investigation by police over the claims against him. It is unclear at this stage whether any charges will be brought against him, but he is said to be cooperating fully with the authorities. Meanwhile, the woman who made the allegations against Traviss has not been named, and it is unclear whether she will face any charges herself. The case is set to be closely watched by many, with Traviss's supporters keen to see him cleared of any wrongdoing, and his accuser seeking justice for the alleged assault. In the meantime, Traviss has stated that he will do everything in his power to fight the accusations against him and clear his name.