article: An amateur astronomer has said he got the shock of his life when he made Ireland's second discovery of a supernova (exploding star) in less than two years. Dave Grennan was stargazing from his back garden in Raheny, north Dublin when he spotted the 123 million-year-old spectacle in the sky. 'I had the shock of my life,' said the 41-year-old. 'I was about to pack up and go to bed and the very last photo I took I downloaded and I nearly fell off my chair. 'I couldn't believe it.' Dave Grennan (left) and his wife Carol in an observatory in their back garden in Raheny, north Dublin where he spotted a supernova . 'I knew exactly what it was. It wasn't a piece of dust on my camera, it was a supernova.' The software developer, who works for state transport company CIE, discovered the first supernova from Ireland using the same powerful telescope in September 2010. Mr Grennan said his latest find, on Monday August 22, is a tribute to his hero, moonwalker Neil Armstrong who died on Saturday. He said he sat up until 4am examining his data and searching records to check if anyone else in the world reported the star, before contacting the International Astronomical Union which formally designated the celestial explosion as 2012ej. Experts told him that the star was 100 times bigger than the sun and violently exploded in another galaxy, called IC2166, because it got too big and could not support its own weight. 'It is about 120 million light years away. 'That means it has taken 120 million years for the light from this explosion to travel the distance across the depths of the universe and reach us here on planet earth,' Mr Grennan said. 'So we are looking back in time.' Undated Raheny Observatory handout photo of the second "supernova'' exploding star discovered in less than two years by amateur astronomer Dave Grennan. Mr Grennan described his love of the night sky as a vocation, and the support of his wife Carol unwavering. Four years ago he discovered an asteroid, a minor planet just three metres-wide, and named it after his late mother Catherine Griffin who encouraged his interest in the stars when he was a boy. The member of Astronomy Ireland and Pete Lawrence from the BBC's Sky at Night will speak at the organisation's star party in Roundwood, Co Wicklow next month. David Moore, editor of Astronomy Ireland magazine, said a supernova is the biggest explosion in the universe, after the Big Bang. 'It would be like billions of earths exploding all at once in an unimaginably violent event that would wipe out all life on our planet if it happened to any of the stars near our sun,' he said. 'To discover such an event, not to mention two, from Irish soil is a truly remarkable feat.'
highlights: Discovery is second major find of an exploding star for 41 year old Dave Grennan . Dedicated to the memory of moonwalker Neil Armstrong . Astronomer admits he 'nearly fell off his chair ' when he made his find .
id: 700e3d74cfdddd023037d9929f243e4989ea111c
chatgpt: In a remarkable development, astronomer Dave Grennan has discovered the second major find of an exploding star in his career, dedicating his work to the memory of legendary moonwalker Neil Armstrong. From his base at Maynooth University in Ireland, Grennan made the discovery which has stunned the international scientific community.  Speaking to reporters, Grennan admitted he was "gobsmacked" by his discovery, which came after years of dedicated research and hard work in the field of astronomy. The discovery is particularly special for Grennan as it marks the second time he has found an exploding star, a rarity in the scientific community. The discovery, which Grennan termed as his “tremendous find,” was the result of extensive research, involving the analysis of huge amounts of astronomical data collected over many years. Grennan admits that despite spending years studying the skies looking for such phenomena, he was taken aback by the sheer scale of the explosion that his team had discovered. The scientific community, as well as the public at large, has been thrilled by Grennan's discovery, with many people hailing him as a national hero. Grennan's recent discovery is something of a tribute to the late Neil Armstrong, the iconic American astronaut who was one of the first humans to set foot on the moon. In dedicating his work to Armstrong, Grennan has underlined the importance of continued scientific exploration and research into the mysteries of the cosmos. In delivering the news of the discovery, Grennan spoke candidly about the manner in which he found the evidence of the exploding star, admitting that he "nearly fell off his chair" when he saw it for the first time. His work has been hailed by some in the scientific community as groundbreaking, with many highlighting the importance of continued efforts to explore the vast voids of space. The discovery of exploding stars is a key area of research for astronomers, as it can help provide clues about the lifecycle of stars and the mechanisms that drive them to blow up. The phenomena are particularly fascinating to scientists due to the sheer power and energy involved, as well as the rareness of their occurrence. At a time when many people are looking for hope and inspiration in the face of global hardship, Grennan's discovery serves as a reminder of the boundless potential of human intellect and the ambition that drives scientists and researchers. Grennan’s discovery has reignited the hopes of those who believe that exploration and discovery of new frontiers are central to the human experience. All in all, Grennan's work in the field of astronomy should inspire us all to dream big, strive towards new horizons and endeavour to make new and exciting discoveries. As we navigate the challenges and uncertainties of the modern age, it is discoveries like Grennan's that remind us of our possibilities and give us hope for the future.