article: Rising obesity levels are forcing health bosses to spend millions of pounds adapting hospitals and buying specialist equipment to handle larger patients . Rising obesity levels are forcing health bosses to spend millions of pounds adapting hospitals and buying specialist equipment to handle larger patients. Money is being been spent on reinforced beds, wider corridors and even larger morgue fridges as a result of the obesity epidemic. Hospitals spent an estimated £5.5million over the past three years, according to the Daily Telegraph which used Freedom of Information information from two thirds of NHS trusts. The figure will prompt concern about the cost of dealing with the UK’s obesity epidemic, with campaigners describing the increasing financial burden on the health service as ‘unsustainable’. Around a quarter of adults in the UK are classed as obese – the second highest rate in Europe - and a further 40 per cent are overweight. But the financial burden on the NHS is likely to deepen in the future as obesity rates continue to soar. Information provided by hospital trusts across England and Wales revealed that bosses have ordered corridors to be widened and operating theatre doors reinforced to cope with heavier patients. Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King’s Lynn forked out £30,000 on a storage fridge for the dead bodies of obese patients. At Yeovil District Hospital NHS Trust, a bariatric body cooling system that cools the bodies of obese patients who cannot fit in mortuary fridges was purchased for £15,000. Overall, the figures reveal the NHS spent £2million on bariatric equipment and adjustments in the last year, while around £1.68 million was spent the previous year. The NHS already spends an estimated £5.1billion a year treating obesity-related illnesses. Attempts to deal with the problem have led to unusual clinical decisions, with the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence recently advising doctors to refer obese patients to Weigh Watchers classes. The National Obesity Forum’s Tam Fry said that costs are likely to continue rising. Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King's Lynn spent £30,000 on a fridge for dead bodies which were obese . He told the newspaper: ‘We are not seeing the end of the obesity problem and people are getting fatter. ‘It has got to such a point that so much now has to be widened and strengthened. That runs to beds, hoists, wheelchairs and operating tables. And it also includes ambulances, morgues and crematoriums.’ Mr Fry added: ‘I think these costs will continue to increase. The problem is what we saw as “big” 20 years ago is now normal.’ Dr Aseem Malhotra, a director of Action on Sugar, said: ‘Inaction is not an option. I think diets should be made part of health policy.‘We need to tackle the root cause, the food environment - otherwise we will be crippled by the cost.’ A spokesman for NHS England said that it did not comment on the spending choices of individual trusts and clinical commissioning groups.
highlights: Money spent on reinforced beds, wider corridors and larger morgue fridges . Hospitals spent an estimated £5.5million over the past three years . Around a quarter of adults in the UK are classed as obese . Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King’s Lynn spent £30,000 on a storage fridge for the dead bodies of obese patients .
id: 1d2bc822f5543f60fbe02c40d3a3f4a1583f4816
chatgpt: Hospitals in the United Kingdom have spent an estimated £5.5 million over the past three years on upgrading their facilities to accommodate the growing number of obese patients. The rise in obesity rates has led to a need for reinforced beds, wider corridors, and larger morgue fridges. According to recent statistics, around a quarter of adults in the UK are classified as obese. The increasing number of obese patients has put a significant strain on hospitals, as traditional hospital equipment is not designed to support the weight of these patients. Hospitals across the country have had to invest in reinforced beds that can support up to 50 stone (317.5 kg) to ensure patients receive the best possible care. In addition to reinforced beds, hospitals have also spent money on widening corridors to allow for easier movement of larger patients. This has been particularly important for those requiring emergency care, where time is of the essence. The extra space has also been useful for maneuvering equipment, such as X-ray machines and scanners. Furthermore, hospitals have had to invest in larger morgue fridges to cater to deceased obese patients. Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King’s Lynn, for example, spent £30,000 on a storage fridge for the dead bodies of obese patients. This was necessary to ensure dignified handling of deceased patients, as well as to prevent unnecessary delays in funeral arrangements. These upgrades have come at a significant cost to hospitals, which are already facing financial challenges. The NHS has a funding gap of £20 billion by 2023, which means that healthcare providers will have to find ways to operate more efficiently, while still providing high-quality care to patients. In response to these challenges, NHS England has announced plans to invest £1.4 billion in upgrading the facilities and equipment in hospitals across the country. The investment will be used to improve the quality of care, as well as to make hospitals more efficient. The impact of obesity on healthcare systems is not limited to the UK. It is a growing problem around the world, with many countries struggling to provide adequate care to obese patients. In the United States, for example, obesity-related illnesses costs around $190 billion per year. In conclusion, the rise in obesity rates in the UK has led to a need for hospitals to invest in reinforced beds, wider corridors, and larger morgue fridges. Healthcare providers have spent millions of pounds upgrading their facilities to cater to the growing number of obese patients. This has put a significant strain on already stretched finances, but NHS England’s recent investment in upgrades will help hospitals provide better care to obese patients, while still managing financial challenges.