article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:09 EST, 7 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:49 EST, 7 January 2014 . A Montana judge who drew condemnation over his comments in a . teacher-student rape case says he plans to retire at the end of the . year. District Judge Todd Baugh said on Tuesday his decision had nothing to do . with criticism over his courtroom assertion that the 14-year-old rape . victim appeared 'older than her chronological age'. Baugh later apologized for that and other remarks he made in the . case. He also sought unsuccessfully to impose a longer sentence that the . one-month term he originally handed down. Montana District Judge Todd Baugh: The controversial judge ordered a man who beat his girlfriend to write 'boys do not hit girls' 5,000 times as punishment . The 72-year-old judge is the son of former Washington Redskins . quarterback Sammy Baugh. He says his 30 years on the bench were . rewarding, and he looks forward to spending more time with his five . grandchildren. His retirement plans were first disclosed by Billings television station KTVQ. Baugh set off a public furor in August when he said 14-year-old rape victim Cherice Morales appeared 'older than her chronological age'. Baugh . ordered rapist Stacey Rambold to spend a month in jail because the . teacher had 'suffered enough' and his victim was 'in control'. Teacher Rambold admitted to raping Morales when she was a troubled high school freshman at Billings Senior High School in 2008. She later killed herself weeks before her 17th birthday. Her mother said the attack by Rambold was 'a major factor' in her suicide. While Baugh apologized for his comments, he maintained his sentence was appropriate. He said in August: 'I don't know what I was thinking or trying to say. It was just stupid and wrong. 'What I said is demeaning of all women, not what I believe and irrelevant to the sentencing. My apologies to all my fellow citizens.' Following the judge's ruling, outraged Montanans organized protests outside the courthouse in Billings. The Montana National Organization for Women asked the state to investigate whether Rambold's sentence could be made longer. Baugh was heavily criticized earlier this year for sentencing teacher Stacey Dean Rambold (left) to just 30-days prison for raping his student Cherice Morales (right) who later committed suicide .
highlights: Judge Gregory Todd Baugh came under fire last year for giving a 30-day prison sentence to a teacher who raped his student who later killed herself . Baugh later apologized for remarks he made in the . case. He also sought unsuccessfully to impose a longer sentence .
id: 7b5a980d2e26357a800b593531209edbf715c47c
chatgpt: Judge Gregory Todd Baugh, who came under scrutiny last year for giving a lenient sentence to a former teacher who raped a 14-year-old student, apologized for his remarks in the case. Baugh had given a 30-day sentence to the teacher, who was convicted of raping the student, who later took her own life. The judge's sentence drew widespread criticism, and he later admitted that his comments during the sentencing were "dumb and insensitive." Baugh's controversial comments included the suggestion that the victim was "older than her chronological age" and "as much in control of the situation" as the teacher who raped her. The judge's statements were widely criticized as blaming the victim for the crime and downplaying the severity of the rape. Following the outcry, Baugh apologized for his remarks, saying in a statement, "I made some remarks that were inappropriate and wrong. They did not reflect the actual basis for my sentence, which was the defendant's violation of his position of trust as a teacher and the harm he caused to the victim, her family, and the community." Baugh also sought unsuccessfully to impose a longer sentence on the teacher, following a review of the case by the Montana Supreme Court. The court found that the judge had erred in giving such a light sentence and ordered the case to be reconsidered. The teacher eventually served two years in prison, after the Montana Supreme Court ordered a re-sentencing of the case. The victim's mother, who had previously criticized Baugh's sentence, said she was glad to hear that the judge had apologized for his remarks. "I appreciate that he acknowledged his comments were insensitive," the victim's mother said. "I hope this is a lesson to other judges that they need to be careful with their words, especially in cases where they are dealing with victims who have already suffered so much." Baugh's apology and the re-sentencing of the teacher reflect the growing public concern about the way rape cases are handled in the courts. The case has also served as a reminder of the importance of judicial discretion and accountability in ensuring that justice is done in cases of sexual assault and other crimes.