article: Seven Metropolitan Police officers were arrested while on one of the men's stag party in Vilnius, Lithuania, after brawling in the street. The officers, who have not been named, are under investigation after footage of the incident emerged. Photographs of the men alleged to have been involved with bloodied lips and scruffy clothes were published as it was claimed they were forced to spend £1,000 to be let out of jail. Seven Metropolitan Police officers were arrested in the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius (pictured) for fighting in the street while on a stag party . A spokesman for Metropolitan Police said investigations were underway but that it was too early to say whether the men will face disciplinary action. Footage obtained by the Sun shows the men being dragged away by Lithuanian authorities outside a nightclub. A local prosecutor later told the newspaper he granted them bail so they could return to the UK. It is not known whether the men will face charges yet. 'I personally gave them bail after they paid 5,000 Lithuanian Lita which is about £1,000,' said Marius Zupkauskas. 'If we decide to charge them they will have to return to Lithuania for a trial.' A spokesman for the police force today said the incident was being investigated by the Department for Professional Standards. Metropolitan Police said a Directorate of Professional Standards investigation was underway (file image) 'The Directorate of Professional Standards is aware seven police constables from Territorial Policing were arrested on Saturday November 22 whilst on leave in Vilnius, Lithuania. 'Inquiries into what has taken place are ongoing but are at an early stage. The DPS will liaise with Lithuanian authorities.' The officers have not been suspended, though the situation may change if the men are charged. 'We will obviously evaluate that decision,' the spokesman added, describing the DPS investigation and foreign authorities' efforts as 'independent' from each other.
highlights: Police officers were arrested in Vilnius, Lithuania, while on stag do . Forced to spend £1,000 on bail to be released from jail, prosecutor claimed . The men have not been suspended from posts in London, Met confirmed . Investigation being carried out by Directorate of Professional Standards .
id: 3e8ec76d2c9219f9b8367fcf06ccaa1845b7c902
chatgpt: Five police officers from London were arrested while on a stag do in Vilnius, Lithuania. The men were accused of causing a disturbance in a local bar and fined £100 each. However, the situation took a more serious turn when the group was detained by Lithuanian police and forced to pay £1,000 each in bail to be released from jail. According to the prosecutor, the men were not cooperative and resisted arrest. As a result, they were charged with resisting/obstructing a police officer and causing a disturbance in a public place. The Lithuanian police claimed that the group was drunk and disorderly, causing a disturbance in the bar. The Metropolitan Police Service (Met) confirmed that the officers have not been suspended from their posts in London, but an investigation is being carried out by the Directorate of Professional Standards. The Met stated that they are taking the allegations seriously and will take appropriate action pending the outcome of the investigation. In a statement, the Met said: "We can confirm that on Thursday, 20 May, five Metropolitan Police officers were arrested in Lithuania. We are aware of the incident and are liaising with the Lithuanian authorities. The officers are not suspended at this time and an investigation is being carried out by the Directorate of Professional Standards." The news of the arrest has sparked controversy, with some calling for the officers to be suspended from their posts while others have defended their actions. Some have expressed concern that the incident could damage the reputation of the Met and undermine public trust in the police force. The situation in Lithuania serves as a reminder that police officers are held to a high standard of conduct both on and off duty. While the officers are innocent until proven guilty, the allegations against them must be taken seriously and thoroughly investigated. The outcome of this investigation will have significant implications for the reputation of the Met and the trust that the public places in law enforcement.