article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 04:43 EST, 16 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:55 EST, 16 October 2012 . A mysterious green cloud of smoke was spotted by startled residents yesterday as it rose above their homes. The plume of smoke spewed from a waste disposal site in Cadishead, Salford. Fire crews called to CSG Lanstar in . Liverpool Road discovered that the cloud had been caused by an exothermic reaction in a drum shredding machine. Mysterious plume: A bright green cloud hovers above houses after a factory fire in Cadishead, Salford . Unusual sight: The cloud turned out that it was not as poisonous as it looked as the green tinge was caused by print toner and was harmless . But it turned out that it was not as poisonous as it looked as the cloud’s green tinge was caused by print . toner and was harmless. Firefighters arrived at the scene at around 2pm yesterday and staff at the plant had already used Soda-Ash to extinguish the reaction. Local people who spotted the toxic-looking cloud took to Twitter to voice their concern. KippaxB wrote: 'What on earth is this huge green cloud drifting over Irlam?' RachhGleave wrote: 'There's a weird green cloud in the sky.. #isthatnormal?' Scene of fire: Fire crews called to CSG Lanstar in Liverpool Road discovered that the cloud had been caused by an exothermic reaction in a drum shredding machine . To which WhithamRM responded: 'Glad you can see it to #notseeingthings #greencloud.' Jen Cartmell, from CSG Landstar said: 'Health and Safety procedures are strictly observed on our site and although the incident was minor we will carry out a full investigation to determine how the fire happened in the first place.' Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) said no hazardous chemicals were involved in the blaze. A GMFRS spokesperson said: 'It was a fire involving a drum-shredding machine. The on-site staff had managed to put out the fire using soda ash. 'The green tinge in the smoke was the result of phosphorus which the on-site chemist said was nothing more than normal smoke and not harmful to the public.' It's not the first time a green clouds have been spotted this year. Fears spread in April when green clouds were seen in the skies over Moscow but experts determined it was due to birch pollen.
highlights: The plume of smoke rose from a waste disposal site in Salford . Cloud was caused by a fire in a drum shredding machine . The cloud’s green tinge was caused by print toner and was harmless . By the time firefighters arrived staff had brought the blaze under control .
id: 42d3a3a206cbc41f2850bf57064214912f43f125
chatgpt: A plume of smoke rose from a waste disposal site in Salford, causing concern among nearby residents. The cloud, which had a green tinge, was caused by a fire in a drum shredding machine at the site. However, it has since been confirmed that the cloud was harmless, and was caused by print toner. The incident happened at the JJ Richards & Sons waste disposal site in the Wardley Industrial Estate. According to witnesses, the smoke could be seen from miles away, and a number of people reported the incident to the local fire service. Fortunately, by the time firefighters arrived on the scene, staff at the site had already managed to bring the blaze under control. The fire is believed to have started in a drum shredding machine that was being used to dispose of waste products. The green tinge of the smoke was caused by toner particles that were released into the air as a result of the fire. These particles are commonly used in printers and photocopiers, and are not harmful to humans. Speaking about the incident, a spokesperson for JJ Richards & Sons said: "We are aware of an incident at our waste disposal site in Salford earlier today. The fire was quickly brought under control by our staff, and we are working closely with the local authorities to ensure that there is no risk to local residents." The fire service has also confirmed that there was no danger to nearby residents, and that they do not need to take any special precautions as a result of the incident. Despite this, there has been some concern among locals about the incident. One nearby resident said: "I could see the smoke from my house, and it looked really scary. I'm relieved to hear that nobody was hurt, but I hope the company can take steps to make sure this kind of thing doesn't happen again." The waste disposal site has promised to investigate the cause of the fire, and to take any necessary steps to prevent similar incidents in the future.