article: (CNN) -- Riot police fired tear gas at protesters in the Egyptian city of Alexandria on Friday, according to state-run Nile TV. Shortly after morning prayers, clashes broke out between supporters and opponents of President Mohamed Morsy. Read more: Morsy backers accused of beatings, detentions . There were at least 1,000 people in the crowd, and about 300 of them threw rocks at police, a witness said. The fighting broke out new the Al-Qaed Ibrahim Mosque, the site of similar fighting last Friday. The clashes were apparently inspired by the mosque's imam, Sheikh Ahmed El-Mahlawy, according to journalist Abdelrahman Youssef, who was at the site of the protest. Read more: Egypt's prosecutor general quits amid protest . The imam encouraged people to demonstrate about a dispute among Egyptians and their government over whether the country's new constitution is legitimate, he said. Last month, the constitution was drafted by an Islamist-dominated assembly that included people from all walks of life, including judges and religious leaders. Egyptian citizens are going to the polls to give it final approval. Read more: Islamists claim victory in first round of referendum . Many in Egypt felt the draft constitution was passed too quickly. They are suspicious that it uses vague language and will not guarantee the rights of the people that Egyptians fought for during a revolution that unseated President Hosni Mubarak in 2011. The draft constitution, some said, was a way for Morsy to give himself unchecked power. Read more: News agency say Mubarak hurt in prison bath fall . The first round of voting on the constitution happened last weekend. Then, Egypt's ruling Freedom and Justice Party declared that the people had approved it. But a coalition of 123 local rights groups that monitored last Saturday's referendum alleged widespread abuses. Egypt's electoral commission acknowledged that it received complaints of voter intimidation, bribery and other violations. The commission said it would not announce official results until after the second phase of voting this Saturday. CNN's Reza Sayah, Saad Abedine and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report.
highlights: Protesters threw rocks at police, who tear-gassed the protesters in Alexandria, Egypt . Clashes come day before second round of voting on controversial constitution . The protesters included those for and against President Mohamed Morsy .
id: e477ec5e2daef20b6c76fe35e894e95c990e38b5
chatgpt: Protests in Alexandria, Egypt turned violent on Friday, as demonstrators threw rocks at police officers. The police responded with the use of tear gas, sparking clashes between the two sides. The violence comes just a day before the second round of voting on a controversial constitution. The protesters in Alexandria represented both sides of the political spectrum, with some expressing support for President Mohamed Morsy and others opposing him. The clashes occurred as tensions remain high in Egypt, with many critics accusing Morsy of attempting to consolidate power and violate the rights of minority groups. Supporters of Morsy argue that the new constitution would provide much-needed stability to the country, while opponents argue that it would further marginalize groups such as women and religious minorities. The document has been the source of controversy and protest since it was first proposed, with many Egyptians taking to the streets to express their opposition. Friday's clashes in Alexandria represent the latest in a series of violent incidents in Egypt over the past several months. Tensions have been high since Morsy was elected in June of this year, with many critics accusing him of attempting to impose an Islamist agenda on the country. The government has responded to these protests with a heavy hand, using tear gas and other methods to disperse crowds. However, the demonstrations have shown no signs of slowing down, and many Egyptians are demanding a greater voice in the political process. As the second round of voting on the constitution approaches, it remains to be seen whether the clashes in Alexandria will spread to other parts of the country. Many analysts believe that the outcome of the referendum will have a major impact on the future of Egypt, and it is likely that protests and unrest will continue in the coming weeks and months.  In the meantime, the Egyptian government is urging calm and cautioning against further violence, but it is unclear whether these efforts will be enough to quell the ongoing demonstrations. The situation in Egypt continues to be tense and unpredictable, with many citizens expressing frustration and anger at the current political climate.