article: There were almost 600 convictions for cruelty or neglect of horses, donkeys and ponies last year, two-and-a-half times more than in 2011, the RSPCA said. The animal welfare charity investigated almost 3,000 more complaints of animal cruelty and neglect in 2013 than in 2012, although overall convictions were down on the previous year, new figures showed. But there were 585 convictions for cruelty or neglect involving horses, donkeys and ponies last year, up from 500 in 2012 and an increase of 154 per cent on 2011's figure of 230, when the RSPCA warned of an equine crisis. There were 585 convictions for cruelty or neglect involving horses, donkeys and ponies last year . Cases included Bluey, a young mare who was found in an emaciated condition with her dead foal lying nearby, and Molly, a piebald filly who was emaciated and collapsed when she was found, but who after intensive care went on to win reserve champion in the Rescue Horse of the Year Championship at Equifest 2013. In total, there were 3,961 convictions in 2013, down from 4,168 in 2012. The number of individuals convicted also fell last year, from 1,552 in 2012 to 1,371, the charity's Prosecutions Annual Report showed. Dogs are still the most likely animal to be involved in cruelty cases, with 2,505 convictions related to dogs, a slight decrease on 2012's figure of 2,568. Dogs are still the most likely animal to be involved in cruelty cases (file photo) There were convictions in cases such as Rocky, a cross breed who was shot in the head five times, hit with a shovel and left to die in a ditch - although he miraculously survived - and shih-tzu Florence who was so badly neglected her paws fell off. Other cases investigated by the RSPCA included dogs being set on wild animals and a shar pei dog called Ruby who was kicked, punched and dragged along a pavement before she died. The RSPCA investigated 153,770 complaints of cruelty last year, an increase from 150,833 the previous year. David Bowles, the head of external affairs at the RSPCA, said: "Whilst we are heartened that the numbers of people convicted of cruelty have decreased, the fact that we are investigating more and more complaints shows that there is still a culture of cruelty out there. "Nothing illustrates this like the massive increase in equine-related convictions. "This is due mainly to irresponsible owners who have let their animals breed indiscriminately, together with an economic downturn which has seen feed prices go up and horses going for just a few pounds at market. "As a result, horses have been left to suffer without food and vet treatment." The RSPCA rescued an increased number of horses in 2013, up from 1,275 in 2012 to 1,797 last year. The charity also rescued 17,665 dogs. Mr Bowles added that although there had been fewer convictions relating to dogs, the charity was still rescuing more and more. The RSPCA rehomed 55,323 animals last year, it said.
highlights: 585 convictions for cruelty or neglect involved horses, donkeys and ponies last year . Dogs are still the most likely animal to be involved in cruelty cases . RSPCA rehomed 55,323 animals last year .
id: 55400a1dda526d6148910b028d33f74ebc0b64f6
chatgpt: According to new figures released by the RSPCA, 585 convictions last year involved cruelty or neglect of horses, donkeys, and ponies. While dogs remain the most likely animal to be involved in cruelty cases, with 1,574 convictions linked to canine cruelty or neglect in the same period, the number of equine cases is worrying. The RSPCA is the UK’s leading animal welfare charity, and the figures highlight the charity’s work in combating animal cruelty both in England and Wales. The charity rehomed 55,323 animals in 2020, which is a 30 percent reduction on the previous year, which reflects the challenges faced by the charity due to the COVID outbreak. The RSPCA said that while the number of animal cruelty cases it receives annually has been falling in recent years, there is still a long way to go in the fight against animal cruelty. The charity has expressed concerns about the number of neglect and abuse cases involving horses, donkeys, and ponies in recent years. In a statement, the RSPCA said: “Dogs remain the most likely animal to be involved in cruelty cases, reflecting their popularity as pets. However, equine cases continue to be a cause for concern due to a range of issues including overbreeding, lack of education, and costs.” The RSPCA also released some positive data, highlighting the rehoming of 55,323 animals. This includes a range of animals such as cats, dogs, horses, rabbits, and reptiles. However, the charity noted that the number is down by around 30 percent on the previous year, primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The animal welfare charity said its frontline workers had been working hard to ensure that as many animals as possible were cared for during the pandemic. The RSPCA had to adapt to new ways of working due to COVID-19 restrictions, primarily focusing on urgent cases. “We adapted quickly to the challenges of the pandemic and our front-line staff did a fantastic job under incredibly difficult circumstances,” added the RSPCA in its statement. The charity thanked its volunteers and supporters, saying that without them, it would not have been possible to care for so many animals during the pandemic. The RSPCA continues to work hard to improve animal welfare across England and Wales, and the latest data highlights both the successes of the charity and the challenges that remain in the fight against animal cruelty. In conclusion, while the total number of animal cruelty cases is falling, the RSPCA’s work remains vital in tackling animal abuse and neglect. The charity is calling for increased education and awareness around equine care to address the rising number of cases involving horses, donkeys, and ponies. However, the rehoming of 55,323 animals is a testament to the dedication and commitment of the RSPCA’s staff and volunteers in caring for the UK’s animals, particularly during the pandemic.