article: Luke Walsh is in danger of missing the start of the new Super League season but St Helens coach Kieron Cunningham is determined not to rush the influential playmaker back into action. Walsh was a Man of Steel contender after making an impressive start to his career in England but he missed the last two months of the 2014 season with a broken leg and was among a host of key players watching the club's Grand Final triumph from the sidelines. The goalkicking Australian scrum-half will miss Sunday's rematch with Wigan but Cunningham is confident he will be back playing well before the Super League champions take on South Sydney in the World Club Challenge on February 22. St Helens' Luke Walsh is in danger of missing the start of the new Super League season due to injury . 'We're looking at round one or round two, that was always the target,' Cunningham said. 'If he can play at least one game before the World Club Challenge, I'll be a very happy person.' Walsh, who still finished the season as Saints' leading scorer, has recovered from his broken leg but his comeback has been delayed by ankle surgery. 'The leg is completely healed, he just had an issue with his ankle which was grumbling and grumbling,' Cunningham said. 'We couldn't do the ankle surgery at the same time as the leg surgery so we've had to wait for that to get right first and then we did the ankle. Every day is a new challenge and he's making strides. 'When Luke Walsh takes to the field, it will be like a breath of fresh air for everyone.' Full-back Jonny Lomax and new captain Jon Wilkin, who also missed Saints' Grand Final triumph through injury, continue their comebacks in Sunday's friendly against Wigan. Walsh is hopeful of being fit before their World Cup Challenge tie against South Sydney on February 22 .
highlights: St Helens face Wigan Warriors in a friendly on Sunday at Langtree Park . Luke Walsh will miss the match as he recovers from a broken leg . Australian is hopeful of being fit before their World Cup Challenge tie .
id: ecc75f62f5df76a7d535950e2b5005baac08a556
chatgpt: St Helens are set to take on rivals Wigan Warriors this Sunday at their home ground, Langtree Park. This friendly match will see the two teams go head-to-head before their respective seasons officially kick off. However, St Helens fans will be disappointed to learn that their star player Luke Walsh will be absent from the game. The Australian half-back is still recovering from a broken leg he sustained last season. The team is hopeful that he will be fit before their World Cup Challenge tie. Walsh was a key player for St Helens last season, scoring numerous points and playing a pivotal role in the team's success. However, his injury meant that he missed out on the latter part of the season. His return to the team will be eagerly awaited by the fans, who are hoping that he can guide their team to another successful season. St Helens will need to be at their best if they hope to beat Wigan Warriors in this friendly. The Warriors are always a tough team to beat and have a strong record against their rivals. However, St Helens will be boosted by the return of some key players, who were missing last season, and will be eager to prove their worth. Both teams will be looking to use this game as a warm-up for the season ahead. It will be a chance for them to fine-tune their game and assess their strengths and weaknesses. This friendly will also give the coaches the opportunity to experiment with their line-ups and try new tactics. St Helens will need to be particularly cautious in their approach, given Walsh's absence. They will need to rely on their other players to step up and take charge of the game. The team has a strong squad and will be hoping to use this game to build momentum before their opening match. With the game set to take place at Langtree Park, St Helens will have the benefit of their home crowd support. The fans will no doubt be out in force to cheer their team on and make it a tough day for the visitors. The two teams will be ready to put on a show, and it looks set to be an exciting and competitive game.