article: Daniel Sturridge insists Liverpool will come back stronger after their Champions League group-stage exit  - and the England forward is working hard to get back fit for Brendan Rodgers' men. The 25-year-old watched from his warm-weather fitness training camp in Los Angeles as Liverpool drew 1-1 with Basle, meaning they will now play in the Europa League. And he revealed how gutted he was about the loss but vowed that the Reds would learn from it and come back stronger. Steven Gerrard and Raheem Sterling look dejected after failing to qualify for the knockout stage . Brendan Rodgers looks down in the dumps as Liverpool were eliminated from the Champions League . Sturridge took to Instagram to tell fans he will be back 'stronger and better than ever' earlier in the week . The Liverpool striker posted pictures of himself in the gym going through various drills including kettle bell lifts (right) and balancing on a vibrating Power Plate earlier in the week in Los Angeles . Ankle ligaments - England v Republic of Ireland May 2013, returned for pre-season. Ankle ligaments - December 2013. Missed nine games. Thigh - during England training, September 2014. Missed six weeks. Calf - during Liverpool training, October 2014. Missed three weeks. Thigh - during Liverpool training, November 2014. Out for six weeks. He tweeted: 'We fought hard man. Sat here devastated wishing I could have helped. 'We'll come back stronger from this and I'm working hard to do the same.' Sturridge is currently out with a thigh injury - a setback suffered during his recovery from a similar problem - and has not played since the beginning of September. And the former Manchester City and Chelsea striker posted photos on Instagram earlier in the week showing him during a fitness session as he bids to return early in 2015. He has made just three appearances for Liverpool this season. During the match on Tuesday night, Steven Gerrard's magnificent free-kick was not enough to see Liverpool through due to Fabian Frei's first-half goal at Anfield for Basle. To compound the Reds' misery, substitute Lazar Markovic was also sent off for catching a Basle player with a flailing arm. Steven Gerrard's free-kick gave Liverpool hope, but they couldn't find a second goal as they were eliminated . Sturridge scores for Liverpool during their 2-1 victory over Southampton on the first day of the season . Skipper Gerrard even revealed how important Sturridge can be for Liverpool - and also stressed the need for Mario Balotelli to step it up for the club. Following the match, Gerrard said: ‘You always qualify over the six games and unfortunately we haven't been good enough. 'We need to get our main striker Daniel Sturridge back and get some more goals in the side. We need to get Mario Balotelli back and firing.' Mario Balotelli has struggled to make an impact since his £16million move from AC Milan . Substitute Lazar Markovic saw red for aiming a flailing arm at Basle's Behrang Safari .
highlights: Liverpool drew 1-1 with Basle at Anfield in Champions League on Tuesday . Draw means they are eliminated and will now play in Europa League . Daniel Sturridge took to Twitter to reveal he was 'devastated' by exit . But striker vowed that both he and Liverpool would 'come back stronger' Sturridge is  undergoing warm-weather fitness training in Los Angeles .
id: d6c62a902f2b3da85f2392bf79e81c56e7de3cd1
chatgpt: Liverpool's hopes of a Champions League knockout round come to an abrupt end as they were held 1-1 draw by FC Basle at Anfield on Tuesday. The draw meant Liverpool were eliminated from Europe's premier club competition, and they will now play in the Europa League. Manager Brendan Rodgers cut a frustrated figure at full-time but praised the effort of his players. Despite dominating possession for much of the match, Liverpool was unable to turn numerous chances into goals. Basle goalie Tomas Vaclik was virtually unbeatable throughout the game but finally conceded in the 81st minute when substitute Fabio Borini scored a goal from a corner kick. But just when it seemed Liverpool would make a triumphant comeback, Marco Streller stunned the home crowd with a late strike to level the match at 1-1. Star striker Daniel Sturridge, who missed the game through injury, took to Twitter to express his disappointment at Liverpool's exit. "Devastated by the result tonight, but we will come back stronger," he wrote. Sturridge is currently in Los Angeles undergoing warm-weather fitness training and is expected to be back in action soon. Rodgers admitted the club's failure to qualify for the knockout phase of the Champions League was unacceptable but believed they could bounce back in the Europa League. "It's a massive disappointment, but we have to take that in context. We have still got football to play in the New Year, and we have to look forward to that," he said. The Europa League presents an opportunity for Liverpool to claim silverware this season and end their five-year trophy drought. However, they will face a tough challenge from well-established European sides in the competition, including Napoli, Ajax, Inter Milan, and Villarreal. Liverpool's elimination from the Champions League is the first time the club has failed to progress from the group stages of the competition since 2009. The club had a difficult start to the campaign, losing their opening game away to Basel and then drew with Ludogorets Razgrad at Anfield. The defeat at home against Real Madrid, despite a spirited performance, effectively ended Liverpool's chances of progressing in the tournament. In the reverse fixture, the Merseysiders put up a brave fight against the reigning European champions but were beaten 1-0. Despite Liverpool's disappointment in Europe, their recent form in the Premier League has been excellent. They have won their last four league games and are currently sitting in the top six positions in the table. The Reds will be hoping to bring back the glory days to Anfield and build on their performances in the league to push for a top-four finish. However, they will need to improve their game in front of the goal if they are to succeed. Liverpool will now turn their attention to their next Premier League match against Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. The match will be a huge test for Rodgers' side, especially with Sturridge still sidelined through injury. In conclusion, Liverpool's frustrating night at Anfield came to haunt them as they head towards the Europa League. Nevertheless, they will now have to put the Champions League elimination behind them and focus on the season ahead. A top-four finish, coupled with success in the Europa League, could see Liverpool's season end with a bang rather than a whimper.