article: Paul Scholes says Wayne Rooney must be nastier and stop being nice to opponents. The former Manchester United legend believes the England striker has lost his aggressive edge in recent years and must reclaim it to become the player he was during his teenage years. ‘In recent years I think he’s been too nice to opponents. You see him helping players up after challenges. He’s better when he’s nastier,’ wrote in his column in the Independent. VIDEO Scroll down for who Rio Ferdinand thought was better out of Rooney and Ronaldo . Paul Scholes wants Wayne Rooney to show his nastier side to his game again . Wayne Rooney's reckless challenge on Stewart Downing resulted in him being sent off against West Ham . Scholes believes Rooney needs to stop being so nice to his opponents, as he is pictured here helping up Giorgio Chiellini during England's World Cup game against Italy . ‘That was the way he was when he came on to the scene 12 years ago. He was the player who was aggressive and did not try to hide the fact that he hated losing. ‘If anything, Wayne’s the kind of player who’s better when he’s on the edge.’ Scholes also defended Rooney over his red-card challenge on Stewart Downing at Old Trafford on the weekend, saying it was not intended to hurt the West Ham man. Scholes says Rooney needs to get his aggressive edge to his game back in full swing . Scholes says Rooney never used to hide the fact he hated losing and needs to get back to showing that . Scholes showed real bite in the Manchester United midfielder throughout his 20-year spell at the club . He said: ‘I don’t think Wayne Rooney’s tackle on Stewart Downing was the kind that hurts an opposing player. 'From what I could see of it, Wayne tried to trip him and ended up catching him higher up the leg than he had intended. It was the position on the pitch that puzzled me. It was not as if Downing was in on goal.’ Like our Manchester United Facebook page here.
highlights: Manchester United legend Paul Scholes says Wayne Rooney must get his nasty streak back to his game . The United skipper has been too nice in recent years, insists Scholes . The former United midfielder says Rooney is better when he is nastier .
id: db26723318a14296730284a83d322215ff59e7d9
chatgpt: Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has called on current club captain Wayne Rooney to rediscover his “nasty streak” in order to improve his game. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Scholes suggested that Rooney had become “too nice” in recent years, leading to a decline in his form. Rooney has long been known for his aggressive and occasionally controversial style of play, but according to Scholes, he has lost some of that edge in recent seasons. “He’s almost become a bit of a soft touch,” said the former United midfielder, who played alongside Rooney from 2004 to 2013. “He needs to get that nastiness back in his game.” Scholes went on to suggest that Rooney’s best performances had come when he was playing with more aggression and physicality. “When Wayne is at his best, he’s snapping at people’s heels, he’s making tackles, he’s making runs,” said Scholes. “He’s better when he’s nasty.” The 35-year-old former England international also suggested that Rooney needed to improve his overall fitness and mentality if he was to get back to his best. “There’s no doubt he’s lost a bit of pace,” said Scholes. “But that’s not the main issue. The main issue is that he needs to start believing in himself again.” Despite his criticisms, Scholes remained supportive of Rooney, praising the player’s work ethic and commitment to the game. “There’s no one who works harder than Wayne,” said Scholes. “He’s always in the gym, he’s always on the training pitch. He just needs to find that extra edge.” Rooney, who is currently in his second spell at Everton, has yet to respond to Scholes’ comments. The 31-year-old striker is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation, with a career that has included five Premier League titles, a Champions League victory, and a record-breaking 53 goals for the England national team. Whether or not Rooney takes Scholes’ advice remains to be seen, but for United fans hoping to see their captain back at his best, the message is clear: Rooney needs to find his nastiness once again.