article: By . Marie-louise Olson . PUBLISHED: . 10:32 EST, 27 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:22 EST, 27 September 2013 . A one-month-old piglet called Yoda miraculously avoided the slaughterhouse and has found a new home in an animal sanctuary in Canada. Yoda escaped his fate on the dinner plate when he fell off a truck that was taking him and other piglets to be readied for their eventual demise. The animal had suffered scrapes and bruises from the fall, but was in good overall physical health. Brenda Bronfman, the founder of Wishing Well Sanctuary in Bradford, Ontario, Yoda’s new home, said the pig was ‘emotionally traumatised’ from the experience. Lucky: Yoda the pig fell of a truck heading for the slaughterhouse and survived. Now he's living in an animal sanctuary in Ontario, Canada . New life: Yoda, not pictured, was being transported to the slaughterhouse with a truckload of other pigs but his fall saved his life . Second chance: Yoda did not end up at the slaughterhouse like his unfortunate fellow pigs . ‘Being in the truck with all the pigs that were on their way to a finishing barn, which is where they fatten them up prior to going to the slaughterhouse,’ Bronfman told ABC News. ‘He got very lucky by falling out, that's for sure,’ she said. People who were following the trailer that was carrying the pigs ‘saw the piglet sneak through a hole and fall off the trailer’, said Joyce Kemp, the Quebec provincial police spokeswoman. The CBC said police found the pig wandering on a highway on September 18. Bronfman said she first learned about the piglet when an animal control officer in Quebec sent her an email describing the animal's plight. Even though the sanctuary was full, Bronfman consulted with her board and several people pitched in to drive the pig from Quebec to Ontario. ‘We just couldn't let this little piglet either suffer or not find a home,’ she said. ‘After all that he'd been through, we wanted to make sure that he had a loving home.’ Lots of love: Brenda Bronfman, the founder of Wishing Well Sanctuary in Bradford, Ontario, says Yoda will be loved in his new home . The piglet has taken to his new surroundings and interacts well with his caregivers. ‘He's just adorable,' said Bronfman. ‘He'll fall asleep in your lap. He just loves to play and cuddle,’ she said. ‘He loves to give kisses, too, and he likes to get kisses on the tip of his snout.’ And the reason for his Star Wars-inspired name? ‘He seems to have wisdom and he's a little fighter. Plus, his ears kind of look a little Yoda-ish.’ Now about six weeks old, Yoda weighs 15 pounds, Bronfman said. But when he's fully grown, he'll be much bigger. ‘He's come all this way [and] he will be loved forever’.
highlights: Yoda the pig was on his way to get slaughtered when he fell off the truck . He was picked up by the police who found him wandering on a highway . He's been given a 'loving' new home at the Wishing Well Sanctuary in Ontario, Canada .
id: a9e27997024199d80cbc40e779565bd9f745b635
chatgpt: A lucky pig named Yoda has defied fate and found a new home at the Wishing Well Sanctuary in Ontario, Canada after surviving a life-threatening ordeal. Just a few weeks ago, Yoda was on his way to a slaughterhouse when he fell off the truck en route. But instead of succumbing to his fate, he was picked up by the police who found him wandering on a highway trying to find his bearings. According to one of the emergency responders who rescued him, Yoda was in a state of shock and disorientation when they found him. They were moved by his fear and pain and immediately took him to a safe place where he could recover. As they investigated, the police discovered that Yoda was a young pig who had been destined for slaughter. Upon realizing that he had been saved from certain death, the police contacted the Wishing Well Sanctuary, a permanent home for animals that have been rescued from slaughterhouses and other life-threatening situations. Within hours, the sanctuary had taken Yoda under their wing and had given him a warm and loving new home. The sanctuary's founder, Brenda Bronfman, was moved by the pig's story and knew she had to do everything in her power to give Yoda the chance to live a full life. Bronfman noted that Yoda is a special pig with a big personality, playful nature, and an insatiable appetite. She added that despite his past ordeals, Yoda has bounced back with enthusiasm and is adapting well to his new surroundings. "Yoda has brought so much joy and light to our lives, and we are thrilled to have him as part of our family," Bronfman said. Yoda's story has also garnered wide attention online, with animal rights activists and animal lovers sharing his story on social media. Many have praised the police and the sanctuary for their quick actions in rescuing Yoda and providing him with a new home. The rescue and subsequent adoption of Yoda have also shed light on the plight of other pigs and animals that face similar situations. According to animal welfare organizations, thousands of pigs are sent to slaughterhouses every day, many of which live in cramped and unsanitary conditions before meeting their end. Some of the pigs are also subjected to inhumane practices, such as castration and tail docking, without anesthesia. With Yoda's story, many are hoping that more people will consider the lives and welfare of animals and make choices that are kind for them. For now, Yoda is enjoying his new life at the Wishing Well Sanctuary, eating, playing, and exploring his new surroundings. He may have had a rocky start, but his story is a reminder that with compassion and kindness, any animal can live a full and happy life.