article: New York (CNN) -- Every parent's worst nightmare became reality for a New York City couple when their 6-year-old daughter and 2-year-old son were stabbed to death, allegedly at the hands of their nanny. Two months after that October tragedy, Marina and Kevin Krim have embarked on a cross-country trip, adding a literal dimension to their road to recovery by sharing images and insights gleaned from their journey on Facebook. With the new year, the couple and their 4-year-old daughter, Nessie, set out from Los Angeles "hopeful that 2013 will be a year of healing, growth and peace." "She saves us every day," Kevin Krim wrote on Facebook, referring to his surviving daughter. The pair have created the Lulu & Leo Fund in their slain children's names to carry on their "love of arts and sciences education." It's not clear how much money the couple has raised, but its purpose is to support "art and science education for young children in schools, museums, and other community institutions," according to a statement. As the couple head east aboard a recreational vehicle, the Krims said they hope "to experience some inspiring moments that will help us with our healing and rebuilding when we get back to NYC." Included in that post was a "gorgeous sunset at the beach that Lulu and Leo painted for us." They said they also drew comfort from inspirational images as they reached Sante Fe, New Mexico, on Saturday. A mother's greatest fear . "We strolled through a few art galleries today and found some pieces at the Canyon Road Contemporary Art Gallery that we are sure Lulu and Leo would have loved," the couple wrote. In November, a New York grand jury indicted Yoselyn Ortega on first- and second-degree murder charges in the deaths of Lucia and Leo Krim. Their mother returned home to her Upper West Side apartment, police said, and found her children in the bathroom. She also saw the nanny stab herself with a kitchen knife, authorities said. Ortega is currently being held at the Elmhurst Hospital Prison Ward, according to the New York City Department of Correction. Since their children's death, the couple have sought to use art from their trip in the healing process, posting the images online. "We created the Lulu & Leo Fund to help more children benefit from these education experiences in art and science," the couple say in the fund's mission statement, describing how much Lulu cherished her "beloved 'Art Afternoons' class at the Metropolitan Museum of Art." The page has since accumulated more than 14,000 "likes" on Facebook. Before the deaths, Marina Krim maintained a blog called "Life with the Little Krim Kids," offering her view of family life, which had included Ortega.
highlights: Parents of children stabbed to death in October start arts and science fund . Couple use cross-country road trip with surviving daughter to grieve, seek inspiration, they say . A New York grand jury indicted former nanny on first- and second-degree murder charges .
id: 2dccdc67a39dce097b3550ed6c50589f97cb3c20
chatgpt: After tragically losing two of their children to a heinous crime, a couple from New York is using their grief as a source of inspiration for change. Marina and Kevin Krim are the parents of Lulu, a six-year-old girl who survived an attack in which her two siblings, 2-year-old Leo and 6-year-old Lucia, were stabbed to death by their former nanny in October. The Krim family is now embarked on a cross-country road trip, seeking solace and a new perspective on life. Along the way, they have been spreading awareness about the Lulu & Leo Fund, an organization they established in memory of their children. The fund aims to support arts and science education programs for children, as these were the areas of interest that Leo and Lucia enjoyed the most. The fund will help provide opportunities for children to discover their passions and interests, just like how Leo and Lucia did. It is a fitting tribute to the two children whose lives were tragically cut short. In a statement released by the Krim family, they expressed their hope that the fund "will inspire creativity and a love of learning in children all over the world, just like it did for Lulu, Leo and Lucia." The Krim family's road trip has also been a way for them to grieve and reflect on their loss. They have been sharing updates and photos on their journey on their blog, which has been a source of comfort for many who have followed their story since the tragedy. Through their blog, Marina and Kevin Krim have spoken about the importance of healing, hope, and gratitude. Their journey has taken them to many places, including art galleries, museums, parks, and landmarks. Along the way, they have met many people who have been touched by their story and who have encouraged them to continue on their path of healing and inspiration. They have also been raising awareness about the importance of mental health support and early intervention, which could help prevent future tragedies like the one that befell their family. Meanwhile, in New York, justice is being sought for the Krim family through legal means. A grand jury has indicted the former nanny, Yoselyn Ortega, on first- and second-degree murder charges. Ortega has pleaded not guilty to the charges, and her case is currently going through the legal system. The Krim family's journey has been a way for them to channel their grief into something positive and uplifting. By establishing the Lulu & Leo Fund, they are helping to ensure that their children's legacy lives on through the many children who will benefit from the program. Their road trip is a testament to the resilience of the human spirit, and a reminder that hope and healing are possible even in the face of unspeakable tragedy.