article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- To hear Barack Obama tell it, he owes Stevie Wonder plenty. President Obama says if it wasn't for Stevie Wonder's music, he and the first lady may not have dated. "I think it's fair to say that had I not been a Stevie Wonder fan, Michelle might not have dated me. We might not have married," Obama said Wednesday as he and the first lady hosted a concert and award ceremony for Wonder. "The fact that we agreed on Stevie was part of the essence of our courtship." Wonder was presented with a Gershwin Award for lifetime achievement during the event, which is scheduled to air on PBS Thursday. Wonder's tune, "Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours," was often played at Obama's campaign stops. The president told guests at the White House that Wonder's music was also the soundtrack to his youth and marriage. Michelle Obama told the crowd that Wonder's love song, "You and I," had been the couple's wedding song.  Watch Stevie Wonder and other greats jam at the White House » . Wonder accepted the award from President Obama and gave him a big hug. "President and Mrs. Obama, I'm so excited to know that I was a part of. ... I needn't say more," Wonder said, drawing laughter and applause. "I want to first of all thank God for this moment, because only through him could all this happen." Gospel duo Mary Mary, hip-hop musician will.i.am and jazz crooner Tony Bennett were among the other performers at the event. Obama staff members said the event was part of an effort to open the White House to a broader community.
highlights: Stevie Wonder receives lifetime achievement award at White House . President Obama credits Wonder for playing part in courtship with first lady . Michelle Obama says Wonder's "You and I" was couple's wedding song .
id: 099773bcd36ff06c90283f5f36d60c36a5829bc4
chatgpt: Legendary musician and performer Stevie Wonder was honored with a lifetime achievement award at the White House on Tuesday. The ceremony was attended by President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama, who have long been fans of Wonder's music. During the ceremony, President Obama credited Wonder for his role in his courtship with Michelle. The President shared that the couple's first date was to a Stevie Wonder concert and Michelle has long been a fan of the artist. In fact, the First Lady revealed that the couple's wedding song was Wonder's hit. "You and I". Addressing guests at the ceremony, Michelle Obama gushed over the singer-songwriter's contribution to the world of music. "Stevie's music has been a source of joy and inspiration for millions around the world," she said. "His talent and creativity have never ceased to amaze us and we are so grateful for his contributions to the music industry." Wonder's impact on the music industry was also emphasized by President Obama. "Stevie Wonder is a true icon and a musical genius," he said. "His contributions to the industry are immeasurable and his music will continue to inspire generations to come." The lifetime achievement award is just one of many accolades that Wonder has received throughout his illustrious career. The singer-songwriter has won a total of 25 Grammy Awards and has sold over 100 million records worldwide. At the end of the ceremony, Wonder took to the stage to perform some of his greatest hits, including "Superstition" and "You are the Sunshine of My Life". In true Wonder fashion, he brought the house down with his incredible voice and infectious energy, leaving guests singing and dancing along to the music.