article: Washington (CNN) -- Twenty-one-year-old Erica Ruiz plans to graduate from college in the spring with a degree in psychology and continue on to graduate school. Her family is from Mexico, but she and her two brothers were born in the United States. "My parents always encouraged me to go to college and get educated because they didn't get the opportunity," she said of her mother and father, both farm workers. Ruiz is part of a recent increase in the number of Hispanics attending college in the United States -- a figure that spiked last year and even surpassed that of young blacks, according to a study released last week by the Pew Hispanic Center, part of the Pew Research Center. In 2010, approximately 1.8 million Hispanic students aged 18 to 24 were enrolled in college, the study showed. In the same age group, there were 1.7 million African-American students enrolled, although when students of all ages were counted, blacks outnumbered Hispanics. Analyzing U.S. Census Bureau data, the researchers found that in 2010, Hispanic enrollment surged by 24% over the previous year. For that same time period, college enrollment for blacks and Asians also increased, but not as dramatically as that of Hispanics. Although the enrollment of white students decreased to 7.7 million, the study showed, whites still make up the vast majority of college students. Researcher Richard Fry, who worked on the Pew study, attributes the gains in Hispanic enrollment to the overall population increase of Hispanics and an increase in the number of Hispanics graduating from high school, making them eligible to go to college. "Improving the educational attainment of young Hispanics would improve the long-term socioeconomic prospects of the nation's largest minority group," Fry said. "It would not only be beneficial for Hispanics themselves but would also raise the education and skills of the nation's future work force." Raul Gonzalez, the legislative director for the National Council of La Raza, a Latino civil rights and advocacy group, noted that "a spike does not a trend make." "We are hoping that this carries through to be more of a trend," Gonzalez said of the findings. Gonzalez gives some credit for the gains to the Bush administration's No Child Left Behind law. "It's been about a decade of the No Child Left Behind policy. We are one of the few groups that still likes that law," he said. "I don't think it's coincidental that (the increased Hispanic enrollment is) coming at a time when a cohort of kids has gone through a school career under No Child Left Behind." There was a 4% decline in college enrollment among young whites since 2009, the largest drop since at least 1993, the study showed. This is at least partly due to a decrease in the 18- to 24-year-old white population. Ruiz said she sees her college education as part of the American dream, and she's encouraging her brothers to take advantage of their educational opportunities as well.
highlights: A larger Hispanic population and better high school graduation rates boosted college enrollment . Whites are still the largest group enrolled in college, but since 2009 there's been a drop . No Child Left Behind credited with helping Hispanic gains, advocacy group says .
id: 88b490711173825cd9cbf4127063f455057bdd12
chatgpt: The college enrollment landscape in the United States is shifting, according to a report released by the National Student Clearinghouse Research Center. While whites still comprise the largest group enrolled in college, there has been a drop in their numbers, attributed to a larger Hispanic population and better high school graduation rates. The report indicates that there has been a 7.5% decline among whites enrolling in college, while Hispanics have experienced a 142.3% increase, with over 3 million enrolled in college. African Americans and Asian/Pacific Islanders also saw increases in college enrollment, with a 33.4% and 56.7% increase, respectively. However, American Indian/Alaska Native enrollment decreased by 3.9%. The report also cites the impact of the No Child Left Behind Act, which was implemented in 2002 and mandated annual testing in reading and math in public schools. A study by the Education Trust, an advocacy group, found that the law helped Hispanic students make academic gains, leading to their increased college enrollment. "Thanks to No Child Left Behind, more Hispanic students are graduating from high school prepared for college," said Ed Trust Director of K-12 Advocacy Ary Amerikaner. "But we still have a long way to go to ensure that all students are getting the education they need to succeed." Despite the overall increase in college enrollment among minority groups, whites still make up the largest percentage of college students, with 55.6% enrolled. However, their numbers have been declining since 2009, while the number of minority students enrolling in college has been steadily increasing. The report also found that more students are attending college part-time or taking a gap year before continuing their education. Part-time enrollment increased by 1.8%, while the number of students taking a gap year increased by 23.8%. "Students are taking less traditional routes to obtaining their degrees," said Doug Shapiro, Executive Director of the National Student Clearinghouse Research Center. "This trend is reflective of a changing student population and the need for more flexible educational options." In addition to changes in enrollment demographics, the report also found an increase in the number of college students pursuing bachelor's degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields. The number of STEM degrees awarded has increased by 125.8% since 2000, with computer science degrees experiencing the largest increase at 262.5%. "This increase in STEM degrees is encouraging," said Shapiro. "We need more students to pursue degrees in these fields to meet the growing demand for STEM professionals in the workforce." Overall, the report shows that the college enrollment landscape in the United States is evolving, with a more diverse student body pursuing non-traditional routes to obtaining their degrees. With the increasing number of students pursuing STEM degrees, the country may be better equipped to meet the demands of the evolving job market. However, there is still work to be done to ensure that all students have access to the education they need to succeed.