article: Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino has declared he intends to write himself into the club’s history books by getting the better of Arsenal in his first North London derby. The Argentinian says he knows exactly how significant the fixture is for supporters of both sides and has called upon his players to show bravery as well as skill at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday evening. The 42-year-old, who left Southampton in May to succeed Tim Sherwood at White Hart Lane said: 'We are ambitious. We arrived three months ago and we need to make our way but we are focused on the game and know the history. But it is also important to write the history, starting now.' Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino takes charge of his first North London derby on Saturday . Rafael Van der Vaart (left) and Gareth Bale celebrate Tottenham's 3-2 victory at Arsenal in November 2010 . The history books show that Arsenal enjoy a vastly superior record in home derbies as Tottenham’s only away victory since May 1993 was a 3-2 success in November 2010. But Pochettino’s first derby while in charge of Espanyol saw his under-dogs beat Barcelona 2-1 at the Nou Camp and he outlined the ingredients he believed his players would need to succeed on Saturday. He said: 'We need to be clear in our own way and in our performance. We need to put in a good performance from beginning to end to get the victory. We need to be aggressive and focused on our job, never give up and try to get the victory - this is the winning mentality we need to have.' Ryan Mason (centre) celebrates his goal against Nottingham Forest in the Capital One Cup on Wednesday . Roberto Soldado (left) is congratulated by Andros Townsend as Spurs beat Forest 3-1 at White Hart Lane . Tottenham have taken just a single point from their last three Premier League games, against Liverpool, Sunderland and West Bromwich having beaten West Ham and Queens Park Rangers in their first two, but did dispose of Championship leaders Nottingham Forest in the Capital One Cup on Wednesday night, coming back from a goal down to win 3-1. Pochettino added: 'It was a different competition but it was important for our confidence. But we know we need to change. The game on Saturday is different to Nottingham Forest and different to West Bromwich. We need to show our skill and we need to be brave to play against Arsenal.'
highlights: Mauricio Pochettino takes charge of Spurs in his first North London derby at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday . Tottenham have only claimed one away victory at Arsenal since May 1993 . The White Hart Lane club have claimed just one point for their last three Premier League games . Pochettino's side beat Nottingham Forest 3-1 in the Capital One Cup on Wednesday .
id: d1b6bb1db8e42907754a152e18cceb4b27d24839
chatgpt: Tottenham will take on Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday, under the watchful eye of their new manager, Mauricio Pochettino. The match will mark Pochettino's first North London derby, and Tottenham fans will be hoping for a victory against their rivals. However, history is not on Tottenham's side, as the team has only managed to claim one away victory at Arsenal since May 1993. This will make the challenge even greater for the team, who have not been in top form of late. In fact, Tottenham has only claimed one point from their last three Premier League games. Despite this, Pochettino's side did show some promise during their Capital One Cup match against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday, where they secured a 3-1 victory. Spurs fans will be hoping that this win can serve as a confidence boost for the team ahead of their clash with Arsenal on Saturday. The North London derby is always a fiercely contested match, and both teams will be looking to claim bragging rights over their rivals. Arsenal, however, are currently in better form, having won their last three Premier League games. This includes a 3-0 victory over Watford last weekend. Arsenal's recent performances will give them an added advantage going into the North London derby, but Tottenham will be up for the challenge. Pochettino will be looking to make a statement in his first derby, and will be hoping that his team can put in a solid performance. Both teams have some star players who will be looking to make an impact during the match. Arsenal's striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, has been in good form this season, scoring six Premier League goals so far. Tottenham will be hoping that their star striker, Harry Kane, can step up and help them claim a victory against their rivals. As always, the North London derby is sure to be an exciting match, with both teams putting everything on the line to secure a win. Tottenham will be hoping to break their poor run of form, while Arsenal will be looking to continue their winning streak. All eyes will be on the Emirates Stadium on Saturday, as the two North London rivals go head to head in what promises to be a thrilling encounter.