article: (CNN) -- A Delaware pediatrician facing 529 felony counts of rape and other sexual offenses involving his young patients waived his right to a jury trial Monday, a court official said. Dr. Earl Bradley told Superior Court Judge William Carpenter Jr. on Monday morning that he did not want his fate decided by a jury of his peers, said Colleen Redmond, a Delaware courts official. He made the announcement at a pretrial hearing at a New Castle County Courthouse in Wilmington. His trial, nonetheless, is set to begin June 1, according to Delaware Justice Department spokesman Jason P. Miller. Carpenter will be the presiding judge. The pediatrician, who had a practice in Lewes, Delaware, was arrested in December 2009 on charges that include rape, sexual exploitation of a child, endangering child welfare and assault. In March 2010, Bradley, 56, pleaded not guilty to 471 felony counts after he was accused of victimizing 103 children: 102 girls and one boy. The next month, the Delaware doctor was indicted on 58 additional counts of rape and other sexual offenses. These related to 24 girls he had as patients between 1999 and 2009. Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden has said the charges are based on "video and digital evidence" seized from Bradley's home and medical practice around the time of his arrest. In addition to Delaware, Bradley has medical licenses in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Florida. Delaware authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states. In a February 2010 interview with CNN, Bradley's attorney said that his client's defense would largely center on his mental condition at the time the crimes are alleged to have occurred. "Most of the evidence in this case comes from videotapes. It's kind of hard to argue with videotapes," Eugene Maurer Jr. said. "The issue, in this case, is going to come down to his mental health at the time." CNN's Devon Sayers contributed to this report.
highlights: Dr. Earl Bradley says in a Delaware court that he doesn't want a jury trial . His trial, nonetheless, is scheduled to begin on June 1 . He faces 529 counts of rape and sexual exploitation, among other charges . His lawyer has said "this case is going to come down to his mental health"
id: bb1112670675f7370ca83027a3b7b0201aea4055
chatgpt: Dr. Earl Bradley, the former pediatrician accused of 529 counts of rape and sexual exploitation, appeared in a Delaware court on Monday where he publicly stated that he doesn't want a jury trial. Despite his wishes, his trial is set to begin on June 1st, and sources close to the case say it is expected to take several weeks. Dr. Bradley, who has been held without bail since 2009, has been accused of sexually abusing more than 100 young patients over the course of several years. His arrest shocked the small town of Lewes, Delaware, where he practiced medicine, and drew national attention. In court, Dr. Bradley's lawyers argued that their client's mental health should be taken into account during the trial. "This case is going to come down to his mental health," said his lawyer, Timothy Hitchings. Hitchings argued that Dr. Bradley suffered from a number of mental health issues, including depression and anxiety, that may have contributed to his alleged crimes. Prosecutors have pushed back against this argument, however, insisting that Dr. Bradley knew exactly what he was doing when he abused his patients. "This isn't about mental health," said Delaware Attorney General Kathy Jennings. "This is about a man who allegedly committed terrible crimes against vulnerable children." The trial is sure to be emotionally charged, as many of Dr. Bradley's alleged victims are expected to testify. Several parents of these victims have spoken out in recent weeks, calling for justice and closure. "We want to see justice done," said one parent, who asked to remain anonymous. "We want to see this man held accountable for what he did to our children." As the trial approaches, the small town of Lewes is bracing itself for what many fear will be a painful and traumatic ordeal. Regardless of the outcome, it is clear that this case has left an indelible mark on the community, and on the lives of those involved.