article: (CNN) -- In the new trailer for "Mad Max: Fury Road," the world is almost out of water, everyone's gone out of their mind -- and it all looks amazing. The fourth installment in George Miller's post-apocalyptic series, "Mad Max: Fury Road" stars Tom Hardy in Mel Gibson's old role of Max Rockatansky, a man living in a world that is nothing but "fire and blood." Hoping to find a way to exist in the midst of insanity, he finds a partner in Charlize Theron's Imperator Furiosa, who has no time for coddling. "Out here, everything hurts," Theron's fierce character says in the clip. "You want to get through this? Do as I say. Now pick up what you can and run." Between those bits of well-chosen dialogue, clever editing and a soaring score, even those who've missed out on Miller's prior "Mad Max" movies will be curious to see what "Fury Road's" all about come May 15, 2015. If apocalypse and mayhem just isn't your flavor, there's another, gentler movie arriving around the same time: Disney-Pixar's "Inside Out." The animated movie takes us inside the emotional center of an adolescent girl named Riley in the middle of a major transition as her family relocates from the Midwest to San Francisco. Stars like Amy Poehler, Mindy Kaling, Bill Hader and Lewis Black provide the voices of Riley's turbulent emotions, bringing life to feelings like Joy (Poehler), Fear (Hader), Anger (Black) and Disgust (Kaling.) But as the latest trailer for "Inside Out" shows, it's not just young Riley whose emotions will be the center of attention -- we'll get to see inside her parents' heads, too. "Inside Out" opens on June 19, 2015. Long before either "Fury Road" or "Inside Out" make their appearances, though, Rob Corddry, Clark Duke and Craig Robinson will be back with the sequel to 2010's comedy "Hot Tub Time Machine." This time around, the trio find themselves shuttling off into the future -- 2025, to be exact -- where they learn that their lives take a downward turn. But in an attempt to fix the problems before they start the trio accidentally cause another crisis, as seen in the movie's new trailer. (Warning: There's some crude and potentially offensive humor in this clip.) "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" opens February 20, 2015.
highlights: A new trailer for "Mad Max: Fury Road" premiered this week . It was followed by clips for "Inside Out" and "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" All three films will open in theaters in 2015 .
id: e76e85c221f380615aaeb049be158bc477a2754f
chatgpt: Fans of action-packed films are in for a treat as three highly anticipated movies released new trailers this week. The first of these trailers was for the fourth installment of the "Mad Max" franchise, titled "Mad Max: Fury Road." The film, set in a post-apocalyptic world, stars Tom Hardy as Max Rockatansky and Charlize Theron as Imperator Furiosa. The trailer features an intense car chase in the desert where Max encounters Furiosa, who is leading a group of women to safety. The trailer promises non-stop action and impressive stunts, with visually stunning scenes of explosions and destruction. Following the "Mad Max" trailer, clips for "Inside Out" were released. The animated film from Pixar centers on the emotions of an 11-year-old girl named Riley. The trailer showcases the five emotions—Joy, Sadness, Anger, Fear, and Disgust—in the girl's mind and the humorous situations that ensue as they try to help her cope with a difficult move to a new city. Last but not least, the trailer for "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" was also released. This sequel to the 2010 film takes the characters played by Rob Corddry, Craig Robinson, and Clark Duke on another time-traveling adventure, this time to the future. The trailer features plenty of crude humor and nods to popular culture as the characters navigate the changes that 10 years have brought and try to fix their mistakes. All three films are set to hit theaters in 2015, with "Mad Max: Fury Road" premiering on May 15th, "Inside Out" on June 19th, and "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" on February 20th. Fans of action, animation, and comedy will surely find something to look forward to with these upcoming releases. With impressive visuals, talented actors, and established franchises, these films have already generated excitement and anticipation among moviegoers. As May approaches, audiences are eagerly counting down the days until they can witness the chaos of the "Mad Max" world, feel the inner workings of a young girl's mind in "Inside Out," or laugh along with the antics of the time-traveling trio in "Hot Tub Time Machine 2."