article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . PUBLISHED: . 08:22 EST, 10 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:50 EST, 10 October 2012 . Young people who received sexual advice from Facebook were more likely to use condoms . If you worry about spending hours on Facebook, then relax - it could be good for your health. The social networking site may help prevent the spread of sexually-transmitted diseases, a new study suggests. Researchers from the University of Colorado found that sexual health advice on the site encouraged condom use among teenagers, decreasing the chance of them spreading STDs. They recruited 1,578 young adults between 18 and 24 for the study. Some were asked to ‘Like’ and receive news from a sexual-health Facebook page called Just/Us, which shared articles about condom use and sexually transmitted infection testing. Another group signed up to a Facebook page called 18-24 News, which provided general news items targeted to the age group. The idea was to see whether receiving updates from a sexual health-based page - rather than a general news page - made the young adults more likely to wear condoms. When the researchers conducted a survey two months later, they found 68 per cent of people signed up to the sexual advice site had used condoms during their last sexual encounter, compared to just 56 per cent in the news group. Furthermore, the proportion of sexual acts where a condom had been used was 63 per cent in the first group, but only 57 per cent in the news group. The study is published in the November issue of the American Journal of Preventive Medicine. Unfortunately, the effects of the sexual health information appeared to wane over time. After six months there was no difference in condom use between the two groups. Facebook could be a valuable tool in promoting safe sex as more than 73 per cent of young people have a social media account . Lead researcher Sheana Bull said the use of social media such as Facebook to influence sexual behaviour was novel. ‘It is a first step in considering how to reach the overwhelming numbers of youth online, and how to maximise approaches to technology-based interventions,’ said Professor Bull, of the Colorado School of Public Health. She added that many young people don’t always have access to regular health care, yet 73 per cent use social media. 'Therefore it may provide a viable alternative to promote safe sex,’ she said. Young people under 25 experience the highest rates of STDs in the UK, according to figures from the Health Protection Agency. The peak age for an infection in women is between 19 and 20 years, and in men between 20 and 23 years. Of all 16-19 year olds diagnosed with . an STI, at least 11 per cent of women and 12 per cent of men will . become re-infected within a year.
highlights: Young people who 'Liked' a sexual health advice site were more likely to use condoms than those who didn't . Facebook 'a good way to help prevent sexually transmitted infections'
id: 6a021112b9553184485875dc3b3d5dcaf9445b50
chatgpt: A recent study suggests that Facebook could play a significant role in promoting sexual health among young adults. According to the study, young people who clicked the 'Like' button on a sexual health advice site were more likely to use condoms than those who did not 'Like' the site. The study was conducted by a team of researchers at the University of Cambridge and was published in the journal PLOS ONE. The researchers analyzed data from over 3,000 young adults who were aged between 17 and 29 years old. Participants were asked about their sexual behaviors and condom use, as well as their use of social media platforms. The researchers found that young people who had clicked the 'Like' button on a sexual health advice site were more likely to use condoms during sex. The study also found that young people who used Facebook to find information about sexual health were more likely to use condoms than those who did not. Dr. Alison Tidy, a sexual health expert, said that Facebook was a good way to help prevent sexually transmitted infections. She said that social media platforms could reach young people who might not otherwise access sexual health information. Dr. Tidy said that social media platforms allowed young people to access information about sexual health in a non-threatening way. She said that young people might feel more comfortable asking questions about sexual health online than they would do in person. Dr. Tidy also said that social media platforms could be used to promote condom use among young people. She said that social media platforms could be used to share information about different types of condoms and where to get them. The study's lead author, Dr. Nathan Consedine, said that the results of the study were encouraging. He said that social media platforms could be used to promote sexual health among young people. Dr. Consedine said that social media platforms could also be used to address misconceptions about sexual health. He said that young people might be more likely to believe myths about sexual health if they did not have access to accurate information. The study has important implications for sexual health education programs. Dr. Consedine said that schools could use social media platforms to complement their existing sexual health education programs. He said that schools could share information about sexual health on social media platforms and encourage young people to use the information to make informed decisions about their sexual health. Overall, the study suggests that social media platforms could play a significant role in promoting sexual health among young people. The study found that young people who clicked the 'Like' button on a sexual health advice site were more likely to use condoms than those who did not 'Like' the site. The study also found that young people who used Facebook to find information about sexual health were more likely to use condoms than those who did not. The study's authors say that these findings should be taken into consideration when developing sexual health education programs for young people.