article: (CNN) -- The wedding of a Boston, Massachusetts, medical student accused of killing a woman he met through Craigslist has been called off, his fiancee's lawyer said. The wedding of accused "Craigslist killer" Phillip Markoff and his fiancee, Megan McAllister, has been called off. Megan McAllister, who was accompanied by her mother, met Phillip Markoff for about 25 minutes in a Boston jail earlier this week, her lawyer Robert Honecker told CNN affiliate WCVB. "It was an emotional conversation on both sides," Honecker said, adding that McAllister is planning to move back to her home state of New Jersey. "There is still a love and commitment to that person, and I think that obviously realizing what has now happened, that she has to take steps to do what she has to do on her life," Honecker told WCVB. She plans to move on, he said. "There are things that she has to do, and I think the process begins today," Honecker told WCVB. Honecker told ABC on Thursday that the wedding "will not occur."  Watch lawyer tell reporters that Megan McAllister is ready to move on » . McAllister maintained her fiance's innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News in early April. In the e-mail, McAllister said police have the wrong man and Markoff "was set up." McAllister's visit was her first since Markoff was arraigned last week on murder charges in the killing of a woman whom authorities say he met through Craigslist, a popular online classifieds service. Markoff, 23, a second-year student at Boston University's School of Medicine, is charged with killing Julissa Brisman on April 14 at a Boston hotel. Police said Brisman, a model from New York, advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist. Prosecutors say Brisman was shot three times at close range and suffered blunt head trauma. Markoff is also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler, 29, at another hotel in Boston. Leffler also met Brisman on Craigslist. Leffler was robbed of $800 in cash and $250 in American Express gift cards, according to police reports. Markoff has pleaded not guilty and is being held without bail.
highlights: Phillip Markoff, fiancee call off wedding, according to fiancee's lawyer . Lawyer: Fiancee Megan McAllister planning to move to New Jersey . Markoff accused of killing Julissa Brisman after police say she met her on Craigslist . Markoff also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery .
id: 732c66c5af5eaa751c58b254eb1e5d47f713a5e6
chatgpt: Phillip Markoff, the accused killer who made headlines as the "Craigslist Killer," has hit another roadblock in his life. According to a statement from the lawyer of his former fiancée, Megan McAllister, the couple has called off their wedding. In a statement released on Tuesday, McAllister's lawyer said that the two had "mutually agreed" to cancel their upcoming nuptials, but did not provide any further details. The statement did, however, indicate that McAllister was planning to move to New Jersey in the near future. Markoff, 23, was arrested in April on charges of murder, robbery and weapons possession in connection with the death of 25-year-old masseuse Julissa Brisman. Police say that Brisman was shot dead by Markoff after he arranged to meet her through an advertisement she placed on Craigslist. Markoff was also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery, during which a victim was lured to a hotel room through a Craigslist ad and robbed at gunpoint. Before his arrest, Markoff had been engaged to McAllister, a 25-year-old student at the time. Following his arrest, McAllister stood by Markoff's side, insisting that he was innocent and that she still planned to marry him. However, it seems that the strain of the situation has become too much for the couple. McAllister's lawyer declined to comment on the reason for the breakup, citing her client's privacy. In the months since his arrest, Markoff has been held without bail in a Boston jail. He has been described by friends and acquaintances as a clean-cut and ambitious medical student, but police allege that he had a secret life as a gambling addict and sex worker who targeted women through Craigslist. Markoff has pleaded not guilty to all charges and is due to stand trial in 2011. If convicted, he could face life in prison without parole. As for McAllister, it remains to be seen what the future holds for her. Her lawyer stated that she is "focused on moving forward," but did not provide any further details about her plans for the future.