article: By . Sarah Johnson . PUBLISHED: . 14:09 EST, 24 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:45 EST, 25 September 2012 . A baker who stole 11 tons of flour from his employers and sold it on the cheap has avoided jail. Julian Owen, 46, and his accomplice Gary Beswick, 47, responsible for transporting the £3,569-worth of flour, were handed suspended jail terms. The pair, who initially pleaded not guilty to theft, were said to have taken advantage of Owen’s position in a joint venture without their employer knowing. A baker stole 11 tonnes of flour from his employers (pictured) and sold it on . Julian Owen (pictured left) and Gary Beswick (right) were handed suspended sentences after they pleaded not guilty to theft . Mr Owen ordered the flour, which could have made . 18,200 loaves of bread, on the company . accounts, but it never arrived at the bakery. Russell . Gibbon, who took over the family business eight . years ago, said that he did not suspect anything at first as Mr Owen ran . the bakery well and had a ‘job for life’. Mr Owen was eventually found out when he went on holiday and the bakery was running short of flour. Mr Gibbon, 52, said invoices were coming in and he found out that someone had been picking up flour on a regular basis from the supplier, Hovis. Julian Owen and his accomplice were discovered after he went on holiday and the bakery (pictured) was running short of flour . After confronting his employees, Owen ‘got a bit heated’ and walked away from the business. Defence . counsel for Mr Owen, Steven Thomas, said the theft caused little harm to . the business and the offence happened over a short period of time. Mr Beswick, representing himself, described the crime as a ‘silly act’ and not something he would normally do. Judge Rhys Rowlands said the pair devised a scheme to order ‘significant quantities’ of flour, breaching the trust put in Owen by his employer. Mr Owen received a sentence of eight months in prison suspended for two years, while his accomplice Beswick was handed 6 months, suspended for the same period. The crooks will each have to pay £1,750 in compensation to the bakery, plus £750 prosecution costs and carry out 300 hours of unpaid work. Mr Gibbons added: ‘At the end of the day, I think he was very silly. He had a job for life and was on good money, a company phone and pretty flexible working hours,’ ‘It’s quite upsetting to be deceived. I was let down by somebody I trusted, he let down the company down, he let himself down and it was just a shame it happened.’
highlights: Julian Owen and his accomplice Gary Beswick were handed suspended sentences . The pair were discovered after Mr Owen went on holiday and the bakery ran short of flour . They will have to pay £1,750 in compensation and carry out 300 hours of unpaid work .
id: 107f57823f23e8c298ea7aae5b160a455ba9e661
chatgpt: In a recent court verdict, two thieves, Julian Owen and Gary Beswick, received suspended sentences for their involvement in a bakery theft. The men were caught after the bakery ran short of flour while Mr. Owen was on vacation, prompting an investigation that led to their discovery. The two men pleaded guilty to the theft and were sentenced to carry out 300 hours of unpaid work and pay £1,750 in compensation to the bakery owners. The sentence was suspended for two years, meaning that the men will not face jail time as long as they stay out of trouble during that period. During the trial, it was revealed that the pair had stolen bags of flour and equipment worth £2,500 from the bakery where Mr. Owen worked. They then sold the stolen goods online to make some quick cash. When Mr. Owen returned from vacation, he discovered that the bakery had run short of flour and his colleagues had suspicions about the missing equipment. The investigation that followed led to the arrest of both men. The prosecutor in the case argued that the theft had caused significant financial damage to the bakery and had undermined the trust that had been placed in the two men, who were both long-term employees. She argued that a custodial sentence was warranted, given the seriousness of the offense. However, the judge was swayed by the fact that both men had pleaded guilty and showed remorse for their actions. He also noted that both had stable jobs and families to support, and that sending them to prison would be a disproportionate response. Instead, the judge opted for a suspended sentence, which allows the men to avoid jail time as long as they meet certain conditions, such as carrying out unpaid work and paying compensation to the victim. The judge warned the two men that any violation of the terms of the suspended sentence would result in an immediate custodial sentence. The bakery owners welcomed the verdict but expressed disappointment that the men had not received a more severe punishment. They claimed that the theft had caused substantial financial losses and had disrupted their business, and that the suspended sentence did not send a strong enough message to other potential thieves. The case highlights the significant impact that employee theft can have on businesses, and the importance of maintaining a strong culture of vigilance and accountability. While the suspended sentence may be seen by some as lenient, it serves as a warning to other employees that theft will not be tolerated and can have serious consequences.