article: (CNN) -- Rescue workers in Kansas searched for people Thursday among the wreckage left by tornadoes that ripped through the Midwest on Wednesday night. Two people were killed as tornadoes swept across Kansas, destroying 60 homes and damaging another 60, officials reportedly said. A man was killed outside Soldier, about 50 miles north of Topeka, said Sharon Watson, a spokeswoman for the state emergency management agency. His body was found outside his mobile home, she said. A woman was killed in Chapman, Kansas. Her body was found in a yard, Watson said. In the wake of the late-night destruction, authorities sifted through rubble on the ground and used infrared technology in the air to locate survivors or bodies. "It's so difficult to account for everyone in these types of situations," Watson said. "It can take some time, unfortunately, for the search-and-rescue process, especially when you're talking about a significant area that has been hit." Gov. Kathleen Sebelius visited Chapman on Thursday morning to survey the damage. She said two schools, three churches and several homes were destroyed and many buildings sustained heavy damage. Sebelius said that at least three other people were hospitalized for serious injuries.  Watch rescue workers sift through the damage » . "There's a good deal of the town still intact, with trees upright and houses in pretty good shape, so it's slightly different than our experience last year with Greensburg, where the entire community was really wiped out," she said. "That's the upside." In May 2007, a massive tornado nearly two miles wide destroyed 95 percent of the buildings in Greensburg, Kansas, killing 11 people and injuring dozens more. She said residents in the areas hardest hit by Wednesday's storms had about 20 minutes of advance notice, which was ample time for people in a state that takes tornado warnings seriously. "There's a sense of devastation on one hand," Sebelius said. "On the other hand, the notion that they can replace basically everything they've lost as long as everybody they love is OK." The storm also destroyed several buildings at Kansas State University, including a wind erosion lab, and tore the roof off a fraternity house at the school in Manhattan, Kansas, said Cheryl May, the university's director of media relations. "Our campus is kind of a mess," she said.  See photos of the damage » . The Kansas tornadoes struck just hours after a tornado ripped through a Boy Scout ranch in Iowa, killing four campers.
highlights: NEW: Rescue workers search for survivors, bodies among tornado wreckage . NEW: 60 homes destroyed, 60 damages . Two people dead in Soldier and Chapman . Several buildings destroyed, frat house damaged at Kansas State University .
id: c7b6eb0ca7e9c0aa906389b19348b3323a0fbd3e
chatgpt: Tragedy struck several areas in northeastern Kansas last night as tornadoes tore through the region, leaving destruction in their wake. As rescue workers comb through the wreckage, they are searching for survivors and bodies amid the rubble. The storm, which hit the region around 9 PM last night, destroyed 60 homes and damaged an additional 60 in the towns of Soldier and Chapman. Two people were confirmed dead as a result of the tornadoes, one in each town. Despite the best efforts of first responders, the damage was too extensive to save everyone. In addition to the residential areas affected, several other buildings suffered damage. The Kansas State University campus saw several buildings destroyed, including a frat house that was severely damaged. Thankfully, no one was inside the building at the time of the storm, but the damage is extensive enough that it will need to be rebuilt from the ground up. Efforts to aid those affected by the tornadoes are already underway. Governor Laura Kelly has declared a state of emergency, freeing up resources to assist with search and rescue efforts, debris removal, and the provision of assistance to those who have been displaced. The American Red Cross is also involved in the response, with volunteers setting up temporary shelters in the area for those who have been displaced by the storm. The shelters will provide a place to stay, meals, and other necessities, such as clothing and toiletries. The tornadoes have left many in the area reeling, wondering how they can move forward from this tragedy. The Governor of Kansas has pledged support for those affected, saying, "our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and communities impacted by these tornadoes. We stand ready to assist in any way we can during their time of need." For now, the focus remains on the search and rescue effort, as well as providing emergency aid to those who have been affected by the tornadoes. It will take time to rebuild and heal, but the strength and resilience of the people of northeastern Kansas are sure to shine through in the days and weeks to come.