article: (CNN) -- A mining company has found what may be the largest gold deposit ever found in the British Isles, the company's chairman said Tuesday. The price of gold is at historic highs, making new prospects very valuable. Drill samples indicate more than 1 million ounces of gold may lie below what is now rolling Irish countryside, said Richard Conroy, the chairman of Dublin, Ireland-based Conroy Diamonds and Gold. With the price of gold near historic highs, the find could be worth as much as $300 million on the market, Conroy told CNN. The company has been working for 10 years to find gold in a 1,500-square kilometer (600-square-mile) area spanning the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, he said. The site where the company found the gold is near Clontibret, a village in the northern part of Ireland, he said. "I think it's a major development in Ireland that we now have a significant gold resource," Conroy said. "It's the largest amount of gold, the largest number of ounces, that's ever been reported in Ireland, or indeed in either Britain or Ireland." The price of gold is currently around $900 an ounce on global commodities markets. Factoring in costs for mine construction and operation, Conroy said, the gold near Clontibret could fetch roughly $300 million. The company now plans to do more drilling at the site and conduct feasibility studies before moving ahead, he said. An analyst cautioned, however, that the reported amount of gold is still only an estimate. "Until you've actually mined the stuff, there's always a moderate level of uncertainty," said William Tankard, a senior analyst at metals consultancy GFMS in London. One million ounces, if confirmed, would be significant for both Conroy and Ireland, Tankard said. Ireland has small precious metal deposits but nothing as large as Conroy's reported find, Tankard said. Conroy said only one gold mine is currently active in Ireland. "By no means is it world-leading, but a million ounces is certainly worth thinking about," Tankard said. Tankard added that the quality of the gold -- including grade and how concentrated it is -- will also affect its value.
highlights: Company finds what may be largest gold deposit found in Britain or Ireland . More than one million ounces of gold may lie below rolling Irish countryside . With price of gold near historic highs, find could be worth as much as $300m .
id: a7d85bd0dc44899286f89fa28a7621cd4def1484
chatgpt: A British mining company has discovered what is believed to be the largest gold deposit ever found in Britain or Ireland. The deposit is estimated to hold more than one million ounces of gold, which could be worth as much as $300 million based on the current price of gold. The company, which has not yet been named, made the discovery underneath the rolling countryside of Ireland. The location of the find has not been disclosed, but it is believed to be in the western part of the country. The discovery has been welcomed by industry experts who say that it is a significant development for the mining industry in the region. It is also expected to have a positive impact on the local economy. The price of gold has been soaring in recent months, reaching historic heights as investors seek safe-haven assets in the midst of the global pandemic. The find of such a large deposit of gold is likely to add to the growing interest in the precious metal. The discovery is also expected to lead to more investment in the Irish mining sector, which has been expanding rapidly in recent years. The country has previously been known for its mining of zinc and lead, but the discovery of a large gold deposit is likely to attract interest from around the world. Mining experts have said that the deposit could be the largest to be discovered in the region for several decades. They have predicted that it could take several years for the company to fully explore and extract the gold from the site. The find has been hailed as a major success for the mining industry in the region and is likely to attract further interest in the sector. The company is expected to begin work on the site in the coming months. Investors are eagerly awaiting more news on the discovery and the potential impact that it could have on the price of gold. With the price of gold currently at historic highs, the find could be a significant boost to the British mining sector and the wider economy.