article: By . Mail Online Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:38 EST, 17 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:53 EST, 17 March 2014 . It is part of the national stereotype that Britons love queuing, but new research has shown that the majority of customers will abandon their shopping if the line is too long. New research by mobile company EE reveals that three quarters of customers will leave without buying anything if they are forced to wait longer than five minutes, costing retailers £1billion a year. The survey also revealed that nearly a third of customers will only wait a maximum of two minutes, while 59 per cent will wait no longer than four minutes. Research has found that, despite the national stereotype, British shoppers hate queuing more than five minutes . Now a new system is being brought into Asda stores which will see shop assistant given tablet computers to help take payments when the checkouts are busy. Staff will also be able to check whether a product is in stock on the devices, meaning less time spent away from the shop floor. A new heat-mapping programme will also let managers know when the tills will become busy, meaning they can direct more staff there to shorten line. And free wireless internet will be available for both staff and customers. An EE spokesman said: 'British consumers are demanding retailers use mobile technology to improve their in-store shopping experience. Asda staff are being given tablet computers to help customers pay without visiting the tills, and to check stock without having to leave the shop floor . 'For example, according to EE research, Britons are increasingly frustrated at the time it takes for sales assistants to check whether a product is in stock. 'It's therefore unsurprising that nearly three-quarters of consumers, 74 per cent, believe in-store sales assistants should use tablets so they can check stock levels if a product is not on the shop floor. 'Shoppers also see the benefit of using mobile devices to cut queues, which are costing retailers £1 billion a year, as 63 per cent want shop assistants to use tablets to take payment for goods when tills get too busy.'
highlights: Queuing found to be customers' least favourite part of shopping . Long queue cost retailers £1billion in lost sales every year . Asda staff being issued with tablet computers to help cut lines . Devices will be used so customers can pay without visiting the tills .
id: e728361396993be27372f12aeff4502812b9172b
chatgpt: New research has found that queuing is the least favourite part of shopping for most customers. The study reveals that a long wait in a queue could cost retailers up to £1 billion in lost sales every year. To tackle this issue, Asda is taking a bold step in the retail world by issuing its staff with tablet computers. The tablets will help cut lines and speed up the checkout process for shoppers. Customers will no longer need to visit the tills to make a payment, saving them time and making the shopping experience much more convenient. A spokesperson for Asda said: "We know our customers don't like queuing, so we're doing everything we can to make the checkout process as easy and efficient as possible. Our staff will be using tablets to take payments from customers wherever they are in the store. This means that customers can make a purchase and be on their way without having to wait in line." Asda is not the first retailer to experiment with mobile checkout technology. Amazon Go, for example, has trialed checkout-free stores in the US, where customers simply pick up items and leave, with the payment being taken automatically. However, this technology is still in its infancy and not yet widely available. Asda's move to issue staff with tablets comes as part of a wider investment in technology within the retail sector. The company is also testing robots in some of its warehouses, while other retailers have introduced chatbots and virtual assistants to help customers with their shopping. The move is also aimed at reducing the need for physical cash in stores, which is seen as a security risk and can be costly to manage. Cashless transactions are becoming increasingly popular and retailers are likely to follow this trend in the years ahead. The use of tablet computers is being rolled out across Asda stores in the coming weeks. It is hoped that the move will help the company remain competitive in an increasingly challenging retail environment. While many customers will welcome the convenience of mobile checkout technology, there are concerns that it could lead to job losses in the sector. However, Asda has said that its staff will be trained to use the tablets and will continue to play an important role in the customer service process. In conclusion, Asda's decision to issue its staff with tablets marks a bold step in the retail sector. The move is aimed at improving the checkout experience for customers and reducing the amount of time they spend queuing. If successful, it could also have wider implications for the retail industry, as more stores move towards cashless transactions and embrace new technology.