article: Wayne Rooney is fit for the Manchester derby this weekend. Rooney gave Manchester United a scare on Monday when he limped away from Carrington after training. However, it is understood that the United captain trained fully on Wednesday and will play at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been suspended since his red against West Ham last month . Rooney will return for the Manchester derby after serving a three-game suspension . Rooney has not played since last month after serving a three-game ban for a sending-off against West Ham. United manager Louis van Gaal has told Rooney he will definitely start and it remains to be seen who makes way. Robin van Persie could be the one to suffer after a series of indifferent performances, despite scoring a late equaliser against Chelsea at Old Trafford last Sunday. Meanwhile, former United goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel now believes Manchester City are a ‘bigger club’ than their local rivals based on recent form. During his eight years at Old Trafford, Schmeichel did not lose one Manchester derby and United were undoubtedly superior to City. Rooney was seen limping after attending a sponsorship event for Bulova watches at Old Trafford . But the 50-year-old thinks the balance of power has well and truly shifted in City’s favour. ‘In my first couple of years at United I didn’t understand the rivalry with City. Liverpool and Leeds were much bigger,’ Schmeichel told BBC Sport. ‘Now it’s different. Man City are the champions, they won their second Premier League title last season and maybe at the moment they are a bigger club than Manchester United in terms of results so the significance has changed.’ The Champions League winner is still very much a United fan, though, and admits playing against Sir Alex Ferguson’s team in City blue was a ‘very weird’ experience. Like many other United supporters, Schmeichel has become concerned by the inconsistency shown by the team since Ferguson retired. ‘The derby is a tricky one for United because of their inconsistency,’ he said. ‘We don’t know what we will get on Sunday.’ Schmeichel shouts instructions to the outfield players during a match for Manchester City . Peter Schmeichel has acknowledged that Manchester City are a bigger club than United on recent form .
highlights: Manchester United's skipper gave the club a scare on Monday . He limped from Carrington after training, but trained fully on Wednesday . Rooney has not played since his sending-off against West Ham . Louis van Gaal has told Rooney he will definitely start .
id: 9b4450aa0439e56711cba674691379a6c152bbe7
chatgpt: Manchester United's captain, Wayne Rooney, gave his team a scare earlier this week when he limped from Carrington after training on Monday. The club and its fans held their breath as they waited to hear whether the star striker would be sidelined once again. However, Rooney made a full recovery and trained fully on Wednesday, giving United a much-needed boost ahead of their crucial clash against Crystal Palace. Rooney has not played since his controversial sending-off against West Ham in the Premier League in late September. The striker was shown a red card for a rash tackle, which led to him being suspended for three matches. Since his absence, United have struggled to find their scoring touch, with manager Louis van Gaal experimenting with various formations and personnel to try and fill the void left by Rooney's absence. However, van Gaal has confirmed that Rooney will definitely start against Palace, much to the delight of United's faithful. "Wayne is an important player for us, and I am pleased to have him back in the squad," said the Dutchman. "He has been training hard and is looking sharp, so there is no reason why he can't have a big impact for us tomorrow." Rooney's return could not come at a better time for United, who have endured a difficult start to the season. The club is currently in fifth place in the Premier League table, seven points behind leaders Manchester City. United's performances over the last few weeks have been unconvincing, leading to criticism from both fans and pundits. However, the return of their captain could be just the boost the team needs to turn things around. Rooney's importance to United cannot be overstated. The England international has been the club's top goalscorer for each of the last three seasons, and his influence on the team goes far beyond his goals. Rooney is a leader on and off the pitch, and his return could help to galvanize a United team that has looked disjointed in recent weeks. Van Gaal is well aware of the importance of Rooney to his team, and will be hoping that the striker can hit the ground running on Saturday. "Wayne is a big-game player, and we need him to step up for us tomorrow," said the United boss. "I have every confidence that he will do just that." United's clash against Palace is a must-win game for the club. With the teams above them in the table showing no signs of slowing down, United cannot afford to drop any more points if they are to mount a serious title challenge this season. Rooney's return could be the catalyst for a much-needed victory, and United's supporters will be hoping that their skipper can deliver the goods once again.