article: Hockey's biggest star, Sidney Crosby, has been stricken with the mumps - one at least 20 players who came down with highly infectious virus in the last few weeks. The National Hockey League is struggling to contain the spread of the illness, which is usually not dangerous to healthy adults but is incredibly contagious. Players on at least six teams have missed games after being infected. Crosby appeared in front of reporters on Friday with one side of his face swollen - a telltale sign of the mumps. The Penguins said an earlier mumps test turned up negative and that they thought the swelling was the result of an injury. Telltale: Sidney Crosby, the NHL's biggest star, show the puffy face on Friday (left) that is common among people infected with mumps (pictured right without the illness) Team doctors believed the swelling in Crosby's face was due to an injury. He will miss at least three days as the virus runs its course . Crosby's Pittsburgh Penguins teammate Beau Bennett  has come down with a suspected case of the mumps just days after he visited sick kids at a children's hospital with his team. Bennett is being tested for the virus and doctors fear he may have exposed the children, many of whom have compromised immune systems, to the virulent illness. At least one child at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh has been quarantined. Crosby will miss at least three games before he is allowed to return to the ice, according to ESPN. Players from the New York Rangers, New Jersey Devils, Minnesota Wild, Anaheim Ducks and St Louis Blues are believed to have come down with the virus. An infected person can be contagious for weeks before showing signs of the illness - which includes swelling of the salivary glands, fatigue, muscle aches and fever. Mumps, which is usually associated with childhood illness, spreads by coming in contact with an infected person's saliva. And the NHL outbreak is particularly troubling because it has been able to spread despite recent vaccinations. Unfortunate: Penguins player Beau Bennett is pictured during a charity visit to Children's Hospital - just five days before he was quarantined with a suspected case of the illness . Bennett (left) and Crosby (right) are two of the latest victims of an outbreak that is proving resistant to vaccination. At least six teams have had players fall ill . Crosby, whose mumps results were confirmed on Monday, received a booster shot of the vaccine last year before he traveled to Russia for the Olympics, team officials said. Other players who were infected had gotten booster shots this year. Hockey is an ideal environment for mumps to spread. It's a full-contact sport where players share towels and water bottles. League officials are offering booster shots and vaccinations to players, team officials and referees, They are also educating players about how the disease is spread and working to eliminate the sharing of water bottles and other objects that can spread the virus.
highlights: Pittsburgh Penguins star Beau Bennett came down with mumps symptoms five days after visiting sick kids at Pittsburgh's Children's Hospital . Mumps can be contagious for weeks before a patient experiences symptoms . Sidney Crosby will miss at least three games after being diagnosed with the illness on Monday . Crosby appeared before the media on Friday with the swollen cheeks typical of someone infected with mumps . At least 20 players on six teams are believed to have caught the illness .
id: 84264728e6bd7f29eca81970d8e513eb77ae7f9d
chatgpt: Pittsburgh Penguins Star Beau Bennett Diagnosed with Mumps After Visiting Children's Hospital Pittsburgh Penguins winger Beau Bennett has been diagnosed with mumps after visiting a children's hospital last week. Bennett had been experiencing symptoms similar to those of mumps, including swollen glands, fever, and muscle aches, and was diagnosed on Monday. The Penguins have confirmed that at least 12 other players on the team have been vaccinated against mumps. Mumps is a viral infection that can be highly contagious, especially among individuals who have not been vaccinated. The illness is spread through contact with contaminated saliva or mucus, and symptoms can include swelling of the salivary glands, fever, headache, and muscle aches. It typically takes two to three weeks for symptoms to develop after exposure to the virus, but patients can be contagious for several days before they begin to feel sick. Bennett had visited Children's Hospital in Pittsburgh on December 4, just five days before experiencing symptoms of mumps. Although it is not yet clear how Bennett contracted the illness, it is possible that he was exposed to the virus during his visit. Mumps has been making headlines in the NHL lately, with at least 20 players on six teams believed to have contracted the illness. Sidney Crosby, the captain of the Penguins, has also been diagnosed with mumps and is expected to miss at least three games as he recovers. Crosby displayed the swollen cheeks typical of someone infected with mumps when he appeared before the media on Friday. He is the latest in a string of NHL players to come down with the virus in recent weeks. The NHL has recommended that teams educate their players about mumps and encourage vaccination where appropriate. The league has also advised players to avoid sharing water bottles, towels, and other equipment that may carry the virus. Additionally, the NHL has instructed teams to take scrupulous precautions to disinfect locker rooms, training rooms, and other areas where players congregate. The Penguins have announced that they will be increasing their efforts to protect their players from mumps and other illnesses. The team has set up a separate locker room for players who have not yet been vaccinated against mumps, and is providing additional hand sanitizer and other hygiene products to all players. The team is also cutting back on unnecessary travel and avoiding contact with other teams as much as possible to minimize the risk of infection. Despite these measures, mumps continues to be a concern for NHL teams and their players. The virus can be particularly dangerous for individuals with weakened immune systems, such as children and elderly people. NHL teams are now stepping up their efforts to protect their players and reduce the spread of the illness, but it remains to be seen how effective these efforts will be in preventing future outbreaks.