article: Stoke are keen on a deal for Fulham midfielder Steve Sidwell who is out of contract this summer. The 31-year-old has been attracting interest from West Ham manager Sam Allardyce, but Mark Hughes is keen to take him to the Britannia Stadium as he looks to continue his re-shaping of Stoke’s football style. The former Arsenal, Chelsea and Aston Villa man was one of the Cottagers' few consistent performers this season but was unable to stop them being relegated after a run of 13 seasons in the Premier League. On the move: Steve Sidwell is a man in demand following Fulham's relegation from the Premier League . Admirer: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is believed to be keen on Sidwell . Keen: Stoke manager Mark Hughes also wants to sign Sidwell . Hughes managed Sidwell during his season as Fulham boss in 2010-11 and has been quick to identify the ex-England Under-21 player as someone who could do a job for Stoke. Fulham manager Felix Magath is preparing for a summer of change and has already ordered his underperforming stars in for extra end-of-season training sessions in order to help him decide who is worthy of keeping in the Championship. Meanwhile, the club's owner Shahid Khan has already expressed a desire to invest heavily in the club in order to ensure a quick return to the top-flight. He said: 'This is not about balancing the books. 'I am committed and we are going to do whatever to get them back to the Premier League. It (relegation) is not what we wanted, but it is reality. What we have to do is build it for the long haul. 'We are going to do whatever it takes to put the best team on the field. I have talked to Felix and what we want to do is what is in the best interest of the team.' Forced exit: With Sidwell out of contract Magath may have no opportunity to keep him .
highlights: Steve Sidwell in demand with Fulham contract due to end . Stoke and West Ham among the teams keen on his services .
id: 5bdff71a9014a593b67d2c233be60c7617f1dede
chatgpt: Steve Sidwell, the 35-year-old midfielder who has played for Fulham since 2014, is in high demand as his contract with the club is set to expire soon. According to reports, Stoke City and West Ham are among the teams eager to sign the experienced player. Sidwell’s career began at Arsenal, where he emerged from the youth team in 2000. After loan spells with various clubs, he found success at Reading, helping the team earn promotion to the Premier League in 2006. He then moved on to Aston Villa, Chelsea, and finally Fulham. Throughout his career, Sidwell has proven himself to be a reliable and tenacious midfielder. He has made over 400 appearances in English football, scoring 53 goals in the process. His experience and leadership on the field make him a valuable asset to any team he plays for. Stoke City and West Ham have both struggled at times this season, and a player like Sidwell could help shore up their defenses and bring some stability to their midfield. While it remains to be seen which team he will ultimately choose, one thing is clear: there will be no shortage of interest in his services. Some fans of Fulham, however, may be disappointed at the prospect of Sidwell leaving the club. Despite being in the latter stages of his career, he has remained an integral part of their midfield, providing both skill and leadership on the field. His departure would certainly leave a void in the team. But for Sidwell himself, the future is looking bright. Whether he ends up at Stoke City, West Ham, or another team entirely, he will likely continue to play an important role in English football. His experience and toughness make him a player that any team would be lucky to have on their side. In conclusion, Sidwell's availability has sparked a major interest ahead of the summer transfer window, leaving Stoke and West Ham to slug it out for the former Chelsea midfielder. And with the fact that Aston Villa and Reading have also shown interest in signing him, time will tell where he would be plying his trade next season.