article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:31 EST, 12 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:16 EST, 12 January 2014 . Two Texas teenagers were killed Friday night after their car crossed over the median and into oncoming traffic. Taylar Lesser, 17, and Nathaniel Gomez, 18, of Cedar Park, were traveling north on Parmer lane when they hit a Volkswagen in the oncoming lane. It is not clear why they drove over the median. The teenagers died at the scene. Scroll down for video... Killed: Taylar Lesser, 17, and Nathaniel Gomez, 18, were killed Friday night . Freak accident: Taylar Lesser, right, 17, and her boyfriend Nathaniel Gonzalez, 18, right, died at the scene of the car crash Friday night after they drove over the median into oncoming traffic. It is not clear why they did so. Crowds of friends and family visited the crash site in Cedar Park on Saturday to mourn the tragic loss of the high school sweethearts. They set up a memorial with balloons, crosses and pictures. ‘We found out this morning at 4am when we got a knock on the door,’ Gomez' mother Michelle Gonzales, told KVUE. ‘I knew it couldn't have been my Nathaniel, but it was,’ the grieving mother said. Memorial: Crowds of people came out to the crash site at Cedar Creek to remember their friends who were killed . Devastated: Friends of the two teenagers were seen crying at the memorial on Saturday . 'Popular': Lesser and Gonzalez were well-known at their high school, said friends . High school sweethearts: The two were remembered by their friends as a great couple . Lesser’s friends were also heartbroken. ‘She left a mark on Vista and I wanted to make sure that even people who didn't know who she was, knew she was a good person,’ said her friend, Ashley Cooper. ‘I want people to know, she was a great friend,’ Cooper said. She said Lesser and Gonzalez were the ‘high school couple’ and had been dating since 2012. ‘You didn't know them as Taylar and Nathaniel, you knew them as Taylar AND Nathaniel,’ Cooper said. 'Great friend': Ashley Cooper, told the crowd that her friend, Taylar, was a good person . Always together: Taylar and Nathaniel had started dating in 2012 . 'Not our Nathaniel': The parents of Gonzalez said they got the news at 4am Saturday morning that their son had been killed . Can't believe it: Friends are distressed about the fact that they will never see their two friends, Taylar and Nathaniel, again . Gonzalez’s mother said Lesser ‘was like our daughter’. ‘Any get-together we had, she was invited. She came. She was part of the family.’ Cooper said she could not cope with the thought that she won’t see her best friend again. By the end of the night friends sat closer to one another, huddled together around the memorial sharing stories and memories of Tayler and Nathaniel, according to KVUE. ‘It's extremely comforting and we're glad that he is surrounded by people like this,’ Gonzales said.
highlights: Texas teenagers Taylar Lesser, 17, and Nathaniel Gomez, 18, were killed Friday night after their car crossed over the median and into oncoming traffic . The Vista Ridge high school students were mourned Saturday night at the crash site in Cedar Park . It is not clear why they drove over the median .
id: a1ee53381f25884ab750d82171910406940aced8
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a group of Texas teenagers on Friday night when 17-year-old Taylar Lesser and 18-year-old Nathaniel Gomez were killed in a horrific car crash. The two Vista Ridge High School students were driving when their car suddenly crossed over the median and collided with oncoming traffic. The accident took place near Cedar Park, Texas, and stunned the local community. Friends, family, and classmates gathered at the crash site on Saturday night to mourn the loss of the two promising young lives. The cause of the accident is still unclear, and investigators are trying to determine why the car crossed over into oncoming traffic. It is not known if the victims were wearing seat belts at the time of the crash. Taylar, who was a senior at Vista Ridge, was a well-liked and respected member of the student body. Friends described her as kind and caring, always willing to lend an ear or a helping hand. She was also an active member of several school clubs and organizations, including the cheerleading squad and the student council. Nathaniel, who graduated from Vista Ridge last year, was a talented musician and songwriter. He had recently started playing with a local band and was hoping to make a career in the music industry. Friends and family remembered him as a fun-loving and outgoing young man who was always eager to make new friends and try new things. The news of the accident has sent shockwaves through the Vista Ridge community and beyond. Dozens of friends and classmates have taken to social media to express their shock and sadness at the loss of Taylar and Nathaniel. "Rest in peace, Taylar and Nathaniel," one friend wrote. "You were both such beautiful souls, and you will be deeply missed by everyone who knew you." Another classmate described the two as "angels" who had touched the lives of everyone around them. "We will never forget you, Taylar and Nathaniel," the post read. "You may be gone, but your spirits will live on in our hearts forever." The tragedy has also served as a reminder of the importance of safe driving practices, particularly for young drivers. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, car crashes are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States. In fact, the agency reports that teen drivers are three times more likely than adults to be involved in a fatal crash. As the community mourns the loss of Taylar and Nathaniel, parents and educators are urging young drivers to be responsible and vigilant on the road. They are reminding teenagers to always wear their seat belts, avoid distractions such as texting and driving, and never get behind the wheel after drinking or using drugs. The loss of Taylar and Nathaniel is a devastating blow to the Vista Ridge community, but their memory will live on in the hearts of those who knew and loved them. As friends and family continue to grieve, they are finding solace in memories of the moments they shared with the two young people who touched their lives so deeply.