article: (CNN) -- Serena Williams was forced to pull out of the Madrid Open with a thigh injury ahead of her quarter final tie with Petra Kvitova Friday. The withdrawal will come as a blow to the world No. 1's preparations for the French Open with the year's second major beginning in two weeks' time. Williams had been playing with heavy strapping all week, although confirmed she hopes to be able to take part in the Italian Open in Rome next week. "I have a left thigh injury and, unfortunately, have to withdraw from this year's Madrid Open," Williams told the WTA website. "It happened during my first round match. It started to get better, but most importantly right now, I just need some time to rest and recover. "I am planning to play in Rome. Fortunately, I have a bye next week so will have an extra day of rest." Williams has won the title in Madrid for the last two years and used the event as a springboard to take the French Open crown at Roland Garros last May. She added: "It's beyond words. It's so frustrating. We couldn't ask for a better tournament and I love it here in Madrid. I love being a champion here." Elsewhere in the women's draw, Maria Sharapova overcame world No. 2 Li Na 2-6, 7-6 (7/5) 6-3 to reach the semifinals where she will face Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska who defeated surprise package Caroline Garcia 6-4, 4-6, 6-4. Williams' withdrawal means the second semifinal will pit Kvitova against No.4 seed Simona Halep who trumped the in-form Ana Ivanovic 6-2, 6-2. Rafa Marches on . In the men's quarterfinals, Rafael Nadal defeated Thomas Berdych of the Czech Republic 6-4, 6-2. A tense opening set saw Nadal take the first break in the seventh game with the scores tied at 3-3. From there the Spaniard never looked back. Nadal broke Berdych again early in the second set and once more with the scores at 4-2 before serving the match out. The home favorite and three-time time Madrid Open champion will now face fellow countryman Roberto Bautista on Saturday after the the world No. 45 beat Santiago Giraldo of Colombia in straight sets 6-3, 6-4. The remaining men's semifinal will see another Spaniard, David Ferrer, take on Japan's Kei Nishikori after Ferrer defeated Ernests Gulbis 7-6 (7/3) 6-3 and Nishikori eased past Feliciano Lopez 6-4, 6-4.
highlights: A thigh injury has forced Serena Williams to withdraw from the Madrid Open . The world No.1 hopes to be fit for Rome Italian Open next weekend . Rafael Nadal cruises into men's semifinal in Madrid .
id: 3d82a6cb4658ab85e1b16355bf3d1968b10a0968
chatgpt: Serena Williams, the reigning world No.1 and 23-time Grand Slam champion, has been forced to withdraw from the Madrid Open due to a thigh injury. The injury occurred during her match against American ace, Alison Riske, earlier in the tournament. The 37-year-old American expressed her disappointment about having to pull out of the tournament, tweeting, "I'm sorry to my fans in Madrid. I don't think I'll be able to compete this year." Williams has been in good form this year, reaching the quarterfinals at the Australian Open and making it to the finals in both Wimbledon and the US Open last year. However, the thigh injury has put a damper on her preparations leading up to the French Open, which is set to start on May 26. Williams has been one of the most consistent performers at the Roland Garros, having won the event three times in the past. Nevertheless, Williams remains hopeful that she will recover in time for the Rome Italian Open next weekend. According to her coach, Patrick Mouratoglou, "She's working hard to recover and she's hopeful to be able to play in Rome." Meanwhile, on the men's side of the draw, Rafael Nadal has continued his impressive form on clay, cruising into the semifinals of the Madrid Open. The Spaniard, who has won a record 11 French Open titles, has been relatively untroubled so far this tournament, dropping only one set in his four matches. In his quarterfinal match, Nadal defeated Stan Wawrinka in straight sets, 6-1, 6-2. Speaking after the match, Nadal said, "I'm very happy. I played well, especially in the first set. I was able to play at a very high level." Nadal will face the winner of the match between Stefanos Tsitsipas and Alexander Zverev in the semifinals. Both Tsitsipas and Zverev are seen as potential challengers to Nadal's dominance on clay, having beaten him in the past. The Madrid Open is one of the most prestigious tennis tournaments in the world, attracting the best players from around the globe. The tournament has a combined prize money of €7,279,270 and is played on clay courts. The event is organized by the Madrid Tennis Foundation and has been held annually since 2002. In addition to the singles tournaments, the tournament also features doubles competitions, with the winners receiving a prize of €210,000.