article: The winner of a ‘best booty’ competition in a remote part of the Northern Territory has vowed to defend her unexpected title after being inundated with offers to compete in more local butt-shaking contests. Local girl Megan Craufurd, 19, was not planning to have her derrière judged when she turned up to the Humpty Doo Tavern, in Humpty Doo, a small town situated approximately 40 km from Darwin, on Saturday night. ‘They didn’t really explain what they were looking for or anything. We just had to get up on stage and dance and wiggle our bums,’ Megan told Daily Mail Australia. Megan Craufurd, 19, won the Best Rural Booty competition at the Humpty Doo Tavern in the Northern Territory on Saturday night . She decided to get involved in the competition when she found out it was more than a superficial show and was actually raising money for the Leukaemia Foundation charity. ‘It’s been a bit crazy. At first I wasn’t aware it was for Leukaemia but when I got there and saw all the people I thought "everyone somewhere down the line has been affected by the disease" and I wanted to help,’ Megan explained. The Sportsco manager, from Virginia in the Northern Territory, admitted it was ‘a bit nerve wracking’ at first. U.G.L.Y. Bartender Jessie . Jesski Uhlenbruch (centre) organised the competition to raise money for charity . Megan's (left) biggest fan was her boyfriend who was in the audience to cheer her on . Her behind was judged by one man who had made the highest-bid of $250 to have the honour of deciding which of the ten female contestants had the best booty. ‘I enjoyed it so much in the end, it was such a spontaneous thing, it was a lot of fun,’ Megan said. The teen said she received plenty of praise from the men in the audience but her biggest fan was her boyfriend. Megan was surprised when she was chosen out of 10 other girls and donated her winnings to the Leukaemia Foundation . ‘He was in the crowd cheering me on. I think he was a bit nervous at first but then he realised it was for a good cause,’ she said. Megan gave her $200 winnings to the charity and has now been asked to do other competitions to try and raise more money. She was ‘surprised’ she won but admitted she does ‘keep fit and active’. ‘I play a lot of netball and football but this wasn’t something I was planning on doing,’ she laughed. If you would like to donate to the Leukaemia Foundation click here to see how.
highlights: Megan Craufurd won the Northern Territory's rural booty competition at the Humpty Doo Tavern, 40km for Darwin, on Saturday night . The 19-year-old didn't plan to enter but decided to raise money for charity . She admits she was nervous but her boyfriend cheered her on .
id: a45ba6f257e31289adb7b4704ce16aea4232b277
chatgpt: Megan Craufurd was crowned the winner of the Northern Territory's rural beauty competition at the Humpty Doo Tavern on Saturday night, beating out a field of impressive contestants from across the region. The 19-year-old was initially unsure about entering the competition but decided to do so in order to raise money for charity. Despite her nerves, Megan dazzled the judges with her natural beauty, poise, and grace, earning her the title of rural beauty queen for 2021. Speaking to reporters after being crowned, Megan expressed her delight at winning the competition and praised the other contestants for their performances. "I can hardly believe it! I was so nervous when I first decided to enter, but I knew it was for a good cause. When they called my name, I was just overwhelmed with emotion. It's such an honor to be named rural beauty queen for 2021, and I want to thank all the other contestants for supporting me throughout the competition." Megan's boyfriend was also in attendance, and he played an important role in boosting her confidence during the event. "My boyfriend was amazing," she said. "He cheered me on and gave me the strength I needed to get up there and do my best." The competition was held at the Humpty Doo Tavern, which is located 40 kilometers from Darwin, and attracted a large crowd of eager spectators. The event featured a wide range of activities, including live music performances, dancing, and a fashion show. One of the judges of the competition, local business owner Sarah Jones, praised Megan's performance and said she was a deserving winner. "Megan was stunning," she said. "She had a natural beauty and grace that really shone through on the night. She was up against some tough competition, but she came out on top because she really deserved it." In addition to her title as rural beauty queen, Megan also raised a significant amount of money for charity through her participation in the competition. She said she was thrilled to be able to give back to her community and help those in need. "I wanted to do something positive with my talents, and this competition seemed like the perfect opportunity," she said. "I'm really pleased that I was able to raise so much money for charity, and I hope that my win will inspire others to get involved in supporting their local communities." Overall, the Northern Territory's rural beauty competition was a huge success, bringing together people from across the region to celebrate beauty, talent, and community spirit. Megan Craufurd's win was a shining example of these values, and she will be remembered as a true inspiration for years to come.