article: A Fort Lewis mother of two fantasized about dismembering a seven-year-old girl while collecting child porn, federal prosecutors claim. Sarah Wales, 32, allegedly collected and distributed child rape photos while living at  Washington-based military installation Joint Base Lewis-McChord, where her partner was stationed, in 2013. She also reportedly used a Canadian instant messaging service to describe her fantasy of sexually assaulting a young girl, before killing her and dismembering her body. Military installation: Sarah Wales, 32, allegedly collected child rape photos and videos while living at Joint Base Lewis-McChord (pictured) - the Washington military base where her partner was stationed - in 2013 . Army: Joint Base Lewis-McChord is home to the U.S. military's I Corps and 62d Airlift Wing. The facility is an amalgamation of the Army's Fort Lewis (pictured in 2002) and the Air Force's McChord Force Air Base . Last Tuesday, Wales was arrested  in Spokane following a year-long investigation. She has been charged with three counts of distributing child pornography and one count of possessing it. The FBI began investigating Wales in June 2013 after the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children received a tip from the IM service that there were suspicious activities on Wales's account. They discovered she had been using the site to swap stories about children being raped and beaten, a court filing by an FBI agent with the South Sound Child Exploitation Task Force alleges. During the exchanges, Wales even told other users that she had sexually assaulted children, while trading pornographic images and videos of youngsters, it is claimed. Allegations: In addition to the porn charges, Wales also reportedly used a Canadian instant messaging service to describe her fantasy of raping a girl, before killing her and dismembering her body (file picture) In August 2013, Wales was interviewed by the FBI, who also searched her home at Fort Lewis. During the interviews, she told agents her online conversations were 'disgusting' but 'strictly role playing', according to charging papers obtained by the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. 'Wales stated that she received all her images containing child pornography from other members of the chat room,' an FBI agent told the court.. 'She then stored and traded these images to other chat room members.' Court: Wales has been charged with three counts of distributing child pornography and one count of possessing it. She is scheduled to appear at the U.S. District Court (pictured) in Tacoma on Friday . Joint Base Lewis-McChord, or JBLM, is home to the U.S. military's I Corps and 62d Airlift Wing. The facility is an amalgamation of the Army's Fort Lewis and the Air Force's McChord Force Air Base. As well as a training and mobilization center, it offers housing and leisure facilities for servicemen and their families. Wales, who was released yesterday following a preliminary hearing, is scheduled to appear at the U.S. District Court in Tacoma on Friday.
highlights: Sarah Wales allegedly collected photos and videos of child porn online . Also 'used Canadian messaging service to discuss raping youngsters' Allegedly described fantasy of raping, killing and dismembering girl, 7 . Wales arrested in Spoke, Washington, last week after FBI investigation . Accused of carrying out activities while at Joint Base Lewis-McChord . 32-year-old released yesterday; scheduled to appear at court on Friday .
id: f0747a6dc3d8cf3e94613e50fdb4a4e0bd08beb6
chatgpt: Sarah Wales, a 32-year-old woman from Spoke, Washington, has been arrested by the FBI after allegations that she collected photos and videos of child pornography online. She has also been accused of using a Canadian messaging service to discuss raping youngsters. According to court documents, Wales allegedly described a fantasy of raping, killing, and dismembering a seven-year-old girl. The disturbing details were revealed after a lengthy investigation by the FBI. It is believed that Wales carried out the illegal activities while stationed at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington. The Joint Base is a military installation that houses over 40,000 active-duty and reserve personnel, making it one of the most active military bases in the country. Wales was arrested last week and was released yesterday on bail. She is scheduled to appear in court on Friday to face these serious charges. The allegations against Wales have caused outrage among members of the local community. "It's sickening to think that someone could be capable of something like this", said one resident of Spoke. The community is also concerned about the potential harm that could have been inflicted on innocent children. "These kinds of crimes are devastating for the victims and their families," said a spokesperson for a local child advocacy center. "We need to do everything we can to ensure that our children are protected from those who would seek to harm them." The allegations have also raised questions about the need for increased surveillance and monitoring of online activities. "The internet has given us access to an incredible wealth of information, but it has also provided a platform for criminals to carry out horrific crimes", said a cybersecurity expert. The case is another reminder that the fight against child pornography and child sexual abuse is ongoing. Law enforcement agencies around the world have been working to combat these crimes, but they require the help of the public to identify and report illegal activity. If you have any information about suspected child pornography or child sexual abuse, please contact your local law enforcement agency. Together, we can work to protect our children and ensure that those responsible for these heinous crimes are brought to justice.