article: By . Belinda Robinson . Help find him: Police are urging the public to help them trace a 13-year-old boy who has gone missing from his Birmingham home . Fears are growing for a 13-year-old boy who went missing on Saturday after being told he couldn't go to a library. Munasar Jiniqow disappeared on Saturday night when he sneaked out of his home in Edgbaston, Birmingham. The schoolboy failed to return home and his worried family have not seen or heard from him since. Birmingham South police said the teenager disappeared after being told he wasn't allowed to attend an educational event taking place at the Library of Birmingham. Inspector Andrew Tanner, from Birmingham South police said: ‘This behaviour is out of character for Munasar as he has not been missing before. ‘We are very worried about him and need to make sure that he is safe and well. ‘Anyone who sees Munasar, knows of his whereabouts, or has information to help us trace him is urged to contact us as soon as possible.’ The teenager is described as black, of large build, around 5ft 5in tall, with short afro black hair. He was last seen wearing a khaki coloured parka jacket, a black and white baseball top, black jogging bottoms with a single white line down the leg and black shoes. Anyone able to help the police inquiry should call Birmingham South Police on 101. Missing: Munasar Jiniqow has not  been seen since Saturday night when the teenager sneaked out of his  home after being told he wasn't allowed to attend an event taking place at Birmingham Central Library . The Library of Birmingham is Europe's largest public library, costing £180million. The newly-built library replaced the city's 1970s Central Library - which was likened to an ugly book-burning incinerator by Prince Charles. It was officially opened by inspirational teenager Malala Yousafza in September last year. The library contains around a million books and . access to a vast film and television archive belonging to the British . Film Institute. It is also the new home of the second largest repository . of Shakespeare's works in the world. The . 31,000 sq m (333,000 sq ft) library - dubbed the' People's Palace' by . Dutch architect Francine Houben - is clad partly in gold and covered in . 5,357 interlocking metal circles supposed to reflect the ‘values of . universality, timelessness and unity.’
highlights: Munasar Jiniqow went missing on Saturday night when he sneaked out of his home in Edgbaston, Birmingham . The 13-year-old had been told that he could not attend an event at Birmingham Library . The schoolboy failed to return home and his worried family have not heard from him since . Birmingham South police are asking for members of the public to get in contact if they trace Munasar .
id: 21fff37d161e4de2f2162d886af1d9a4661b31d7
chatgpt: The search is on for a missing 13-year-old in Birmingham. Munasar Jiniqow was last seen on Saturday night when he left his home in Edgbaston after being told he could not attend an event at Birmingham Library. The schoolboy failed to return home and his family have been left deeply concerned since. Munasar's parents reported him missing to the Birmingham South police, who have launched a search for the young boy. The police are urging members of the public to come forward with any information they may have on his whereabouts. Munasar is described as being of Somalian appearance, with a slim build and approximately 5ft 5in tall. He was last seen wearing a grey Nike tracksuit and black Nike trainers. The police are urging anyone who has seen Munasar, or has any information that could help the search, to come forward as soon as possible. The Birmingham South police have also released a statement assuring the public that every effort is being made to find Munasar. The disappearance of Munasar has prompted a wave of concern among the local community. Many have expressed their support for the family and urged anyone with information to come forward and help the police in their search. Speaking on behalf of the family, Munasar's auntie urged him to get in touch and let them know that he is safe. She also thanked everyone for their support during this difficult time. The police have released a photograph of Munasar in the hope that it will jog someone's memory and prompt them to come forward with information. Munasar's family are also urging anyone who has any information, no matter how small, to come forward and help bring him home safely. The disappearance of a child is a deeply concerning event, and the whole community is rallying behind the search for Munasar. The Birmingham South police are working around the clock to find him, but they need the public's help in order to do so. Anyone with any information that could help the search is urged to come forward as soon as possible.