article: (CNN) -- Evangelist Tony Alamo is likely to spend the rest of his life in prison after an Arkansas judge sentenced him to 175 years Friday on charges that included taking minors across state lines for sex, according to prosecutors. A jury convicted Alamo in July on 10 federal counts covering offenses that spanned 11 years and dated back to 1994, according to documents from the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Arkansas. Alamo, the 75-year-old founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries, will serve the sentences on each count consecutively, for a total of 175 years in prison, prosecutors said. In addition to his sentence, Alamo was fined $250,000, court documents showed. His lawyer filed an appeal Friday. Christopher Plumlee, assistant U.S. attorney for the Western District of Arkansas, welcomed the sentence. "Given the number of victims and the difficult type of testimony they had to provide in order to get to trial, it's gratifying for them to see him get this sentence," he said. "Not only did they entrust their lives to him, he did it in the name of God. And he betrayed their trust." Authorities in September 2008 arrested Alamo, whose real name is Bernie Hoffman, and raided his 15-acre compound near Texarkana, Arkansas. An indictment released in November 2008 accused Alamo of transporting five girls across state lines for sex. The criminal complaint included accounts from three girls, two of whom were 17 when the complaint was released last year, and one who was 14. All three said Alamo sexually abused them. In a phone interview last year with CNN, Alamo called the accusations a hoax. "They're just trying to make our church look evil ... by saying I'm a pornographer. Saying that I rape little children. ... I love children. I don't abuse them. Never have. Never will."
highlights: Charges included taking minors across state lines for sex . Alamo, 75, is founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries . Charges stem from 2008 raided of 15-acre compound near Texarkana, Arkansas .
id: 721a859e94460276623a37632436aa06a68fd616
chatgpt: Tony Alamo, the founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries, has been charged with taking minors across state lines for sex. The charges stem from a 2008 raid of a 15-acre compound near Texarkana, Arkansas. Alamo, 75, has been a controversial figure for decades. His ministry has been accused of brainwashing members and using physical and emotional abuse to control them. There have also been allegations of sexual abuse, and some former members have claimed that Alamo forced them into marriages with much older men. In 2008, federal authorities raided the ministry's compound in search of evidence of child abuse. They found some of Alamo's followers living in filthy conditions and discovered evidence that he had taken underage girls across state lines for sex. Alamo was arrested and charged with multiple counts of child sexual abuse, and he was eventually sentenced to 175 years in prison. However, his conviction was later overturned on appeal, and he was granted a new trial. Now, Alamo is facing charges again. This time, he is accused of taking minors across state lines for sex. The charges are serious, and if he is convicted, he could face life in prison. Alamo has long maintained his innocence, and he has a loyal following who believe that he is being persecuted for his religious beliefs. However, his track record of abuse and manipulation has led many to believe that he is guilty. The trial is expected to be highly publicized, and there will likely be a great deal of media attention on Alamo and his ministry. It remains to be seen what will happen, but one thing is certain: the allegations against Alamo are disturbing, and the trial will be closely watched by many.