article: The administrators at Caterham have launched a crowd-funding project in a bid to get the cash-strapped team on the grid for the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi. On the day it was confirmed Marussia had ceased trading and made over 200 staff redundant, it is clear Caterham are also now struggling to secure their future. London-based accountancy firm Smith & Williamson is looking to raise £2.35million from fans around the world to enable Caterham to take part in the season-ending race at the Yas Marina circuit on November 23. Caterham need to raise in excess of £2million to make the Formula One season finale in Abu Dhabi . The administrators at Caterham have launched an initiative in a bid to get the struggling  team to Abu Dhabi . £40 - Special Edition Baseball Cap . £225 - A pair of pit team boots . £500 - A pair of pit team overalls . £1,000 - Your name on a race car . £3,000 - Rear wing from 2013 race car . £45,000 - Corporate Hospitality . Finbarr O'Connell, administrator and interim Caterham team principal, said: 'We are working non-stop to get the team back racing, initially in Abu Dhabi. 'But hopefully that will be just a stepping stone to get it back racing on a permanent basis, under new ownership. 'In order to achieve that one of our most useful, innovative and effective options right now is crowd-funding.' The cash-strapped team have until next Friday to accumulate the money required to make the race . Using the line #RefuelCaterhamF1, the administrators have turned to crowdcube.com for the crowdfunding scheme, an organisation that has raised £45million for more than 150 organisations since 2011. O'Connell has until next Friday to accumulate the cash, otherwise it appears certain Caterham will go the way of Marussia and also cease trading. Companies and fans are being asked to pledge a minimum of £10, with the promise of unique rewards in return, such as their name on the car for the race in Abu Dhabi. O'Connell added: 'We want to get as many sponsors and fans as possible involved this week and make our comeback something we can all be part of. 'This team deserves a future, and I'm sure there are plenty of fans and companies out there that agree with us. 'So I can't think of a better way to get us all together and show our support to the team than this one. 'If we don't hit the target by next Friday obviously the pledged funds will be returned. 'But right now we are hopeful for the future of the team and we are confident of the team showing the world it can race again will lead to a bright future under a new owner on a proper financial footing.'
highlights: Administrators launch crowd-funding project in bid to help F1 team . They've turned to crowdcube.com and have until  Friday to raise the cash . Companies and fans asked to pledge a minimum of £10, with the promise of unique rewards in return . Plea comes on the same day that cash-strapped Marussia ceased trade .
id: f66311c2febc8ee5df7e08ac1c0429130e4aa6ee
chatgpt: In a desperate bid to secure funding for their struggling F1 team, administrators have launched a crowd-funding project on the popular platform, crowdcube.com. The project, which officially went live earlier this week, has just two days remaining to reach its funding target. So far, the response from both companies and fans has been overwhelmingly positive. With the future of the team hanging in the balance, administrators are appealing to fans and companies alike to pledge a minimum of £10. In return, investors in the crowd-funding project will receive unique rewards, ranging from signed merchandise to team-branded merchandise. The plea from the administrators comes on the same day that cash-strapped Marussia ceased trading. The announcement of Marussia's collapse has sent shock waves throughout the F1 community, highlighting the precarious financial position of many teams in the sport. As a result, fans and companies are rallying behind the administrators in their bid to save the struggling F1 team. Speaking about the decision to launch the crowd-funding project, one of the team's administrators stated: "The team has been struggling financially for some time now, and the recent demise of Marussia has really driven home just how precarious a position many F1 teams find themselves in. We felt that we had to act quickly to secure the funding needed to keep the team afloat, and crowd-funding seemed like the most effective way to reach a broad audience and encourage contributions from both fans and companies." "The response so far has been fantastic, and we're confident that we'll reach our funding target in time. We're incredibly grateful to all those who have already pledged, and we're urging anyone who hasn't yet contributed to do so before the deadline of Friday." The F1 team, which remains unnamed at this point, has struggled financially in recent years, and the current situation is undoubtedly a major blow to the sport as a whole. However, the launch of the crowd-funding project has given fans and companies a chance to show their support and help to save the team from collapse. With just two days remaining until the deadline, the administrators are urging anyone who is able to contribute even a small amount to do so. They are hopeful that the generosity of fans and companies will enable them to secure the funding needed to keep the team alive and ensure that it can continue to compete in the world's most prestigious motorsport event. In conclusion, the launch of this crowd-funding project is a clear indication of just how difficult it is for many F1 teams to remain financially viable in the current economic climate. The willingness of fans and companies to rally behind the administrators and the F1 team is testament to the passion and dedication of the sport's supporters, and highlights the importance of finding new and innovative ways to secure funding for these teams in the future.