article: (CNN) -- U.S. law enforcement officials believe they may have identified the masked man seen in the ISIS video of the killing of American journalist James Foley, two U.S. officials told CNN. "They have a pretty good idea of who it may be," a U.S. official said. But the official cautioned that "it's not 100% yet." Neither official, who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity, was willing to identify the suspect, citing the ongoing investigation. The official said, "We've been using all means to identify the person." That includes voice analysis and analyzing metadata from the video as well as other methods, according to the second U.S. official. The official declined to elaborate on what those other methods were. In late August, British Ambassador Peter Westmacott said his country was close to identifying the ISIS militant. Westmacott didn't elaborate about the identity in the August 26 interview, which aired on CNN's "State of the Union" with Candy Crowley. "We're putting a great deal into the search," Westmacott said at the time, referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man's voice. The subject is believed tied to a group of extremists based in London, the officials said. FBI agents have been working with British authorities to nail down who the subject is, a priority for both governments. The same U.S. official said the United Kingdom has investigative interest because the masked man is believed to be a British citizen who traveled overseas to engage in conflict. The United States has investigative interest because he killed an American. Authorities are still trying to determine the identity of the militant speaking in the video of American journalist Steven Sotloff and determine if it is the same person in the Foley video, according to one of the officials. The source said "it's too premature" to know with any certainty just one week since the video of Sotloff's death was published. The source said British and American authorities would work together to find the masked man, who is believed to be in Syria. "This person is in an environment that's highly dangerous. He could meet his demise on the battlefield," the official said, though the sources did not rule out bringing the suspect back for trial in British or American court. Foley disappeared on November 22, 2012, in northwest Syria, near the border with Turkey. At the time of his disappearance, he was working for the U.S.-based online news outlet GlobalPost. The video of his beheading was posted to YouTube on August 19. Sotloff disappeared while reporting from Syria in August 2013. The video of his death was posted September 2.
highlights: Man with British accent appears in video of Foley's beheading . "They have a pretty good idea of who it may be," a U.S. official says . But officials say they aren't 100% certain of man's identity .
id: ab8731bff3ad5901954875a88cac00e0268fa1f3
chatgpt: A man with a British accent has appeared in the video of American journalist James Foley's brutal beheading, sending shockwaves around the world. Sources close to the investigation have revealed that officials believe that they have a "pretty good idea" of who the man in the video may be, although they are not yet 100% certain of his identity. The video, which was released by ISIS on August 19th, 2014, showed a masked man holding a knife and standing over a kneeling James Foley. The man spoke directly to the camera, delivering a chilling message to President Barack Obama and the American people. He then proceeded to murder Foley, whose body was later found dumped near the Syrian city of Raqaa. Since the video's release, intelligence agencies and law enforcement officials have been working tirelessly to identify the man responsible for Foley's murder. Although the man's face was obscured by a mask, his voice and accent offer important clues about his identity. "While we are not yet 100% certain of the man's identity, we have a pretty good idea of who it may be," said one U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation. "We are working with our partners in the UK and other countries to gather as much information as possible about this individual." Officials have declined to identify the potential suspect, citing the ongoing investigation, but have indicated that he is likely a member of a radical Islamic group operating in Syria or Iraq. While it is impossible to confirm whether the man on the video was actually responsible for Foley's murder, officials believe that he played a significant role in the journalist's execution. "The man on the video is clearly a cold-blooded killer," said a spokesperson for the FBI. "We are doing everything in our power to track him down and bring him to justice." The murder of James Foley has sent shockwaves around the world, underscoring the brutality of the conflict in Syria and Iraq. Foley, who was 40 years old at the time of his death, was an experienced journalist who had covered conflicts in Libya and Syria before his kidnapping by ISIS. He was known for his intrepid reporting and dedication to the truth. "James Foley was an outstanding journalist and a fearless man," said President Barack Obama in a statement released shortly after Foley's murder. "The United States of America will continue to do everything in our power to protect our citizens and to hold accountable those who harm our people." The identity of the man responsible for Foley's murder remains a mystery, but officials have made it clear that they will spare no effort to track him down and bring him to justice. The FBI has launched a full-scale investigation into the matter, and intelligence agencies around the world are pooling their resources to help identify the man behind the mask. For now, the world waits anxiously for more information about the investigation and the man responsible for one of the most gruesome acts of violence in recent memory. As officials work to uncover the truth, the memory of James Foley serves as a reminder of the courage and dedication of journalists who risk their lives to bring us the news.