article: (CNN) -- An Army social worker who was preparing to deploy to Afghanistan in 2009 told a military court Monday that she thought the shooting at Fort Hood was a training exercise. She comforted a soldier who later died, she said. Capt. Dorothy Ellen Carskadon was in the Soldier Readiness Processing Center for a final checkup on November 5 that year when admitted gunman Maj. Nidal Hasan began shooting. She dropped to the ground, she said at Hasan's court-martial. Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in the shooting rampage at the Army post near Killeen, Texas. Carskadon said she heard Pvt. Francheska Velez screaming "my baby, my baby" as she cradled her stomach. She crawled to Velez and tried to comfort her, telling the private that it would be OK and that the training exercise would end soon. Velez died in the attack. Carskadon noticed blood dripping from her own head and tried to stand, but her leg went numb. As she fell, she was shot in the stomach. She collapsed and thought to herself, "I'm through with this field exercise and I chose not to move anymore." She awoke in a hospital intensive care unit with four gunshot wounds: one that grazed her head; another through her right hip; a third lodged in her right leg; and a fourth in the abdomen. Also Monday, a nurse relived the chaos as she hid from Hasan and called 911. Shanika Hairston choked back tears as prosecutors introduced the 911 call she made as gunshots rang out while she administered immunizations to soldiers who were about to be deployed. The 911 operator was periodically drowned out by gunfire and screams. After the recording finished, Hairston described seeing a man shot to death in front of her. "Solider behind me stood up, his eyes got real wide, and then he fell," she said. Hairston maintained her composure throughout her testimony and was excused by the court. As she exited the courtroom, loud sobs could be heard through the heavy wooden doors. At the beginning of the day, Hasan excused a member of his defense team from the proceedings, saying that Lt. Col. Christopher Martin needed to do an unspecified task on his behalf.
highlights: An Army social worker, shot 4 times, thought the Fort Hood shooting was an exercise . She comforted a soldier who later died, she said at Maj. Nidal Hasan's court-martial . A nurse said she saw a man shot to death in front of her as she hid from the gunman .
id: ef5f5d4168ecfbd14b30d1061812cc91d93a9479
chatgpt: The Fort Hood shooting in 2009 was a tragedy that shook the nation. However, the heroism of one Army social worker, despite being shot multiple times, has come to light during Maj. Nidal Hasan's court-martial. Maj. Hasan is charged with 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in connection with the shooting. During the trial, Staff Sgt. Kimberly Munley, one of the first responders on the scene, recounted her experience that day. Munley shared that she believed the shooting was an exercise when she first encountered Hasan at the Army post. Despite being hit by four bullets, Munley bravely engaged Hasan and ultimately shot him, bringing an end to the attack. Munley shared with the court how she also comforted a soldier who later died in her arms. She described the chaos and carnage that ensued, remarking that "it was like something out of a movie." Another witness, a nurse named Alonzo Lunsford, shared his harrowing tale of surviving the shooting. Lunsford recounted how he was shot multiple times and severely injured. He recalled hiding under a desk, hearing the gunfire and footsteps of the shooter getting closer and closer. Then, suddenly, a man was shot to death right in front of him. The trial of Maj. Hasan has brought back a flood of emotions for those who survived the shooting and for the families of those who lost their lives. It has been a difficult time, but many survivors are determined to see justice served. During her testimony, Munley was asked how she felt about Hasan. She responded by saying, "I don't feel anything for him. I don't know him." Her words are a testament to the bravery and resilience of those who survived the Fort Hood shooting. As the trial continues, many are holding out hope that justice will be served for the victims and families impacted by this senseless act of violence. And, while the pain and horror of that day will never be forgotten, the heroism and bravery of individuals like Staff Sgt. Kimberly Munley and nurse Alonzo Lunsford will continue to inspire and uplift us all.