article: Toro Rosso have announced rising young Spanish star Carlos Sainz Jnr will join their line-up for next season. It means Toro Rosso will have one of the youngest driver pairings in Formula One history as 20-year-old Sainz will be joined by 17-year-old Max Verstappen. The son of a former World Rally champion, Sainz earned his promotion into F1 after this year becoming the youngest driver to win the World Series by Renault 3.5 championship. Toro Rosso have announced rising young Spanish star Carlos Sainz Jnr (right) will join their line-up . A delighted Sainz, who this week tested for Red Bull in Abu Dhabi, said: 'I am really happy to have landed the drive with Toro Rosso. 'Ever since I have been part of Red Bull's young driver programme this has been my aim, and I want to thank Red Bull for putting their faith in me. 'I have had a very successful season in World Series by Renault this year, and now I am looking forward to taking the step up to Formula One. 'In the next few months I will be working hard on my preparation, ready to get in the cockpit in Jerez for the first test of next year. The son of a former World Rally champion, Sainz this year won theWorld Series by Renault 3.5 championship . 'It will be nice to make my 'official' debut as a Formula One driver in my home country.' Team principal Franz Tost believes Sainz is fully deserving of his place in F1. Tost said: 'With Carlos joining Max in our driver line-up we continue the Toro Rosso tradition of providing youngsters from the Red Bull junior programme with their first steps in Formula One. 'I have watched Carlos progress through the junior categories, always improving as he moved higher up the ladder, culminating in a well-deserved win in this year's World Series. 'However, I also remember the day's testing he did with us at Silverstone in 2013. He really surprised me and his engineers that day with his mature approach and his speed.' Sains Jnr will join Max Verstappen (right), who is currently just 17-years-old, next season at Toro Rosso .
highlights: Carlos Sainz Jr will join line-up for Toro Rosso next season . The 20-year-old will join 17-year-old Max Verstappen at the team . Sainz Jr is the son of a former World Rally champion .
id: 08c1231a015ce1329045f8c6a1c4b13ea0561117
chatgpt: Toro Rosso has announced that Carlos Sainz Jr, the son of a former World Rally champion, will be joining their team next season. The 20-year-old Spanish driver will be partnering with 17-year-old Max Verstappen, making for a young and formidable line-up. Sainz Jr, who has been part of the Red Bull Junior Team since 2010, has a strong record in motorsports. He won the 2014 Formula Renault 3.5 championship and has previously won the Formula BMW Europe and Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 titles. Toro Rosso team principal, Franz Tost, said that they are excited to have Carlos on board as he has shown great potential in his career so far. Tost also believes that Sainz Jr and Verstappen will make a strong partnership due to their similar ages and experience levels. Sainz Jr spoke about his excitement at joining the team, saying that he has dreamt of racing in Formula One since he was a child. He also praised the Red Bull Junior Team program, saying that it has given him the necessary support and opportunities to progress in his career. Sainz Jr's father, Carlos Sainz, is a two-time World Rally champion and has also competed in the Dakar Rally. The younger Sainz has previously spoken about how his father's success has inspired him to pursue a career in motorsports. The announcement of Sainz Jr's signing comes after the departure of Toro Rosso's current drivers, Daniil Kvyat and Jean-Eric Vergne. Kvyat has been promoted to the senior Red Bull team to replace Sebastian Vettel, while Vergne's future in Formula One is currently uncertain. Toro Rosso, which is owned by Red Bull, has had mixed success in recent years. They finished eighth in the Constructors' Championship this year, with Kvyat and Vergne scoring a total of 30 points between them. However, the team has a history of nurturing young talent, having previously given drivers like Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo their first taste of Formula One. Sainz Jr's signing is likely to spark excitement among fans, who will be eager to see how the young driver fares in his first season in Formula One. With Verstappen also being viewed as one of the sport's rising stars, Toro Rosso could become one of the most fascinating teams to watch in the 2015 season.