article: (CNN) -- The music isn't new, but the discovery that a young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart "almost certainly" composed it is a stunning revelation. A researcher in Austria says the works were probably transcribed by Mozart's father, as young Mozart played. The two compositions -- a concerto in G and a prelude in G -- have long been in the files at the International Mozarteum Foundation in Salzburg, Austria, as anonymous works and were even published in the book "New Mozart Edition" in 1982. Now Ulrich Leisinger, director of the foundation's research department, believes the works actually were composed by Mozart before he was old enough to write music, and that Mozart's father, Leopold, transcribed them. The foundation said in a statement that Leisinger analyzed the handwriting and other "stylistic criteria" to determine the music was "almost certainly unknown compositions by" the young Mozart. The compositions were found in a book, compiled by Mozart's father, that was used for practice and the musical education of both Mozart and his sister, according to the statement. Leisinger's analyses "support the claim that they were actually composed by the young Mozart, who was not yet versed in musical notation, and transcribed by his father as the boy played the works at the keyboard," the statement said. Jeffrey Kimpton, president of the Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan, called the works "a remarkable historical find." He said Leopold Mozart transcribed his son's early works as a way of preserving them. "When parents go to a piano recital of an early student, a young student, who's playing for the first time, they get a video tape, they get a DVD, that's a way of recording it," Kimpton said. "I think what's exciting is that Mozart's father wanted to preserve this incredible genius. The young boy at this time didn't know how to write music, but he sure could play it. It's like a family photo or video album." Finding such historical treasures is like detective work, Kimpton said. "You're kind of putting together a DNA picture," he said. "This particular museum has hundreds of manuscripts. Over time as you learn more and more by various scholars working on this, you might turn the page and you may have looked at it a hundred times before but suddenly begin to see some things or understand some things that make some sense." Mozart was born in Salzburg in 1756 and started composing when he was 5 years old. By the time of his death in 1791, he had written more than 600 pieces of music.
highlights: Researcher: Two pieces likely composed by Mozart before he could write music . Mozart's father probably transcribed the music, researcher says . Compositions have long been known but as anonymous works . Pieces were in book compiled by Mozart's father .
id: bb422d4d6c1a640812417744a709ff088de2f67c
chatgpt: Researchers have uncovered evidence that two pieces of music believed to have been anonymously composed were actually written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart before he was able to write music himself. According to the researchers, it is likely that Mozart's father, Leopold, transcribed the pieces for his young son. The compositions in question, which were included in a book compiled by Leopold Mozart, have long been known but their authors remained a mystery. However, new research led by Ulrich Leisinger, director of research at the Mozarteum Foundation in Salzburg, Austria, has shed light on their origins. Leisinger examined the musical scores and found that they contain a number of features that suggest they were created by Mozart at a very young age. For example, the pieces show a strong understanding of musical harmony and structure that would have been difficult for a child without any musical training to achieve. Furthermore, the musical notation used in the scores suggests that they were written using a system known as "tablature," which was used in the 18th century to help young musicians learn to play stringed instruments. This indicates that the pieces were likely composed before Mozart was able to read and write musical notation. Leisinger believes that Leopold, who was a talented musician himself, may have guided Mozart in the composition of the pieces and then transcribed them for him to perform. "It's likely that Leopold taught Wolfgang how to improvise using tablature, and then wrote down the pieces he liked the most," he said. The discovery of these early compositions sheds new light on Mozart's early musical development and provides insight into the role his father played in shaping his career. It also suggests that Mozart's prodigious talent was evident from a very young age. The two pieces in question are a 54-bar prelude in G major and a 64-bar allegro in G major. The scores have now been attributed to Mozart in the online catalog of the International Mozart Foundation in Salzburg. The discovery was made as part of a larger project to examine and preserve the musical scores in Leopold Mozart's book, which contains over 30 works by various composers. The book, which was published in 1756, was designed as a teaching aid for young musicians and contains music in a range of difficulties. In addition to shedding light on Mozart's early career, the discovery also highlights the importance of preserving historical musical scores. These scores provide a window into the past and allow us to better understand the development of musical styles and the lives of composers. The two newly attributed pieces are a testament to the young Mozart's early musical genius and the support and guidance of his father. They serve as a reminder of the importance of nurturing and developing the talents of young musicians, and offer inspiration to aspiring composers and performers around the world.