article: Washington (CNN)Like father, like son. Marion Christopher Barry, the 34-year-old son of Marion Barry, the iconic former D.C. mayor and council member who died last year, is running for his father's seat on the district's council. Barry -- who goes by Christopher -- declared his candidacy Monday, according to the D.C. Board of Elections. A special election to fill the late Barry's seat will be held on April 28, 2015. The newly minted candidate, whose candidacy has been rumored since shortly after his father died, later sent a tweet about making his bid official. In December, Barry told The Washington Post that he was "just listening to what the people want," adding that "God will send me the message" about whether to run or not. Despite his name recognition, the path to the council will not be an easy one for Barry. He enters into a race with 24 declared candidates, including a number of prominent Democrats in Ward 8. During his years of power in D.C., the older Marion Barry became a national symbol of African-American political leadership. Barry was infamously busted in 1990 on law enforcement surveillance tape smoking crack cocaine in a drug sting involving the FBI and Washington police. That footage was televised. Barry was convicted of possession and served six months in prison. Barry, however, made a comeback and was elected to a fourth term as mayor in 1995. After leaving the mayor's office, the older Barry was elected to the council of the District of Columbia where he served until his death. Christopher Barry avoided prison in 2011 by pleading guilty for one felony PCP charge and another misdemeanor marijuana charge, according to the Washington Post. Barry received 18 months of supervised probation for the plea. RELATED: Watch more on Marion Barry .
highlights: Marion Christopher Barry, the son of the late Marion Barry, is running for his father's seat on the D.C. council . Barry declared his candidacy on Monday, according to the D.C. Board of Elections. "Ward 8 the legacy continues, I'm energized, let's go," Barry tweeted . Despite his name recognition, Barry joins a field of 24 declared candidates .
id: 13d4a6af802e1a34d6cc68de16306f681c69799d
chatgpt: Marion Christopher Barry, the son of the late Marion Barry, has declared his candidacy for his father's seat on the D.C. council. On Monday, the D.C. Board of Elections confirmed Barry's announcement, which has already generated significant attention from local and national news outlets. Barry's tweet on Monday read, "Ward 8 the legacy continues, I'm energized, let's go." While his last name alone might be enough to attract supporters, it won't be an easy path to victory, as he is joining a crowded field of 24 declared candidates. The Ward 8 council seat became vacant following the passing of Marion S. Barry Jr., a former four-term mayor of the District of Columbia, who died in 2014. Barry's son, Marion Christopher Barry, previously ran for the seat in 2015, but lost to LaRuby May. He has been working in politics and community activism for several years, hoping to carry his father's legacy forward. Barry's entry into the race immediately changes the political landscape of Ward 8, one of the poorest areas of the city. With his family's deep roots in the community, he may have an edge over the other candidates. The late Marion Barry was a beloved figure in D.C. politics, known for his strong support of civil rights and advocacy for the disadvantaged. However, his tenure as mayor was marred by controversy, including a highly-publicized arrest for drug possession. Despite this, he remained a prominent figure in D.C. politics until his death. While Marion Christopher Barry may not have his father's name recognition or political experience, he hopes to continue his father's legacy and bring change to Ward 8. "I am committed to continuing my father's work to ensure that every citizen in Ward 8 has access to the resources and opportunities they need to thrive," he said in a statement. With less than a year until the 2022 primary elections, the race for the Ward 8 council seat is heating up, and the addition of Marion Christopher Barry only adds to the excitement. As the campaign progresses, it will be interesting to see how his father's legacy impacts the election and if Barry can secure victory.