article: By . Oliver Todd . Follow @@oliver_todd . Besiktas are hoping to finalise a move for Chelsea striker Demba Ba after agreeing a fee of around £8million. The Turkish club's president Fikret Orman has confirmed that they have negotiated a deal for the 29-year-old for slightly lower than Chelsea's £10million asking price. Ba has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge after a season spent as third choice behind Samuel Eto'o and Fernando Torres, and with Diego Costa's £32million arrival imminent. VIDEO Scroll down to see Demba Ba training hard in the gym . Frustrated: Demba Ba often cut a dejected figure at Chelsea having not played much football . Leave that way: Jose Mourinho issues instructions to Ba during training at Cobham last week . Crucial: Demba Ba (centre) scores for Chelsea against Liverpool in April during a 2-0 win . 'Demba Ba is an excellent player,' Besiktas president Orman said. 'We have been in talks with Chelsea for a long time over bringing him to Istanbul. 'Talks are ongoing. Chelsea initially wanted £10 million for Ba but we have negotiated a price we are happy with. We'll tell the media once the final deal is done.' Ba spent much of last season as Chelsea's third choice option up front but had a decent end to the season, scoring game-winning goals against Paris St Germain, Swansea and Liverpool. Everton have shown interest in Ba but he now looks set to move to Turkey, having already posted an image of Besiktas fans on his Instagram account earlier this summer. Chelsea signed Ba from Newcastle for £7million in January 2013. He also spent time at West Ham and Hoffenheim before moving to Stamford Bridge. Goodbye: Demba Ba poses for a photo with John Terry at Chelsea's training ground on Monday . Cheerio: Jose Mourinho deemed Ba surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge . Instagram: Ba posted this image of a Besiktas fan banner accompanied by the caption: 'Without seeing you, ya rassoullallah we love you! Sans te voir, ya rassoullallah nous t'aimons! ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿'
highlights: Istanbul club confirm they have reached a price agreement for Ba . Ba was behind Samuel Eto'o and Fernando Torres for Chelsea last season . Everton and Newcastle have shown interest in a move for the striker . Ba is now expected to move to Turkey for around £8million .
id: cbd465e5e7a2cf34e10c5f96bc2a441d48392530
chatgpt: Istanbul club, Demirspor, has confirmed the signing of Senegalese striker Demba Ba. The club has announced that they have reached a price agreement with the player, paving the way for him to move to Turkey for a reported £8million. Ba struggled to get regular playing time at Chelsea last season, as he was behind stars Samuel Eto’o and Fernando Torres in the pecking order. However, he has been a consistent goalscorer wherever he has played in his career, and he has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs this summer. Everton and Newcastle have been reportedly tracking Ba for some time, with both clubs keen to bolster their attacking options. However, it is Demirspor who have won the race to sign him. Ba is expected to add significant firepower to the Demirspor attack, and he will be looking to hit the ground running in Turkey. He has played in several countries throughout his career, including France, Germany, and England, and he will be hoping to make his mark in the Turkish Super Lig. The 36-year-old striker’s experience at the highest levels of the game will be invaluable to Demirspor, as they look to challenge for honours both domestically and in Europe. He has played in the UEFA Champions League with Chelsea, and he has also been a regular for Senegal at international level. Ba will be hoping to follow in the footsteps of other successful players who have played in Turkey, including Robin van Persie, who won the league with Fenerbahce in 2014, and Samuel Eto’o, who had a successful spell at Antalyaspor. The transfer is a major coup for Demirspor, who will be looking to build on their successful campaign last season, when they finished seventh in the Super Lig. Ba’s arrival will provide a major boost to the club’s ambitions, and he will be a major asset in their campaign. Overall, Ba’s move to Turkey represents an exciting new chapter in the striker’s career. He will be looking to make a big impact in his new surroundings, and he will be hoping to help Demirspor achieve their goals in the coming seasons.