article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 05:25 EST, 22 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:27 EST, 22 October 2013 . When comedienne Joan Rivers first saw her Connecticut house, it was no laughing matter – she hated it. And now, having had the estate completely revamped at great cost, she’s gone and sold it. The house, in rural New Preston, was reportedly bought for $4.4 million. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . It's a dog's life: Joan Rivers relaxes in her Connecticut home with her pets . Comfy: The house has a soft-round-the edges Victorian-esque look . According to the County Times, the new owners wish to remain anonymous. But whoever they are, they’ve bought a remarkable property. Ms Rivers, who's moved to California, had the place completely rebuilt after she bought it in 2000, having described it as looking like a popular fast-food outlet to Architectural Digest. The 80-year-old told the publication: ‘This was the ugliest house I’d ever seen. It looked like a Denny’s, by a student of Frank Lloyd Wright’s who didn’t study hard enough.’ House about that: Prior to the revamp Ms Rivers described the property as being the ugliest she'd ever seen . The luxury property had been on and off the market since 2009 . However, she was much happier with her home once retail executive Joe Cicio and architect Michael Boe had worked their magic. Following the revamp, Architectural Digest describe the property as being ‘a 5,000-square-foot house featuring 22-foot-high ceilings, 100-year-old chestnut beams, four wood-burning fireplaces, skylights and a massive country kitchen’. It added: ‘The living room, spacious enough to hold twin 10-foot-long custom-made sofas, is a festival of light, thanks to nine French doors, six of which open onto the free-form stone terrace that hugs the back of the house and abuts a lush expanse of lawn leading to the pool and poolhouse.’ The luxury property had been on and off the market since 2009. Some may wonder why it took quite so long to be sold. The entertainer pocketed even more from the sale of her Manhattan penthouse, which according to Street Easy, went for $29.5 million earlier this year.
highlights: The comedienne bought the house, in rural Connecticut, in 2000 . After an expensive revamp she bought it on the market in 2009 . The New Preston house has been purchased by anonymous buyers .
id: b0001b954c49fcc58bbf04d37003988c622db8cc
chatgpt: The famous comedienne has sold her stunning New Preston home, located in the rural area of Connecticut. She originally bought the house back in 2000 and invested in an extensive renovation which took years to complete. Finally, in 2009, she put the house back on the market after significant financial resources were spent in making the house look spectacular. The New Preston house was not on the market for long before it generated a great deal of attention. Although there was plenty of interest in purchasing the home, the new buyers have chosen to remain anonymous. It’s understood that the new owners have purchased the property for just under $10 million. The comedienne's former home is a stunning piece of property; the house features six bedrooms and eight bathrooms. The property sits on over 13 acres of land, which provides ample space for outdoor activities. The residence also features several cozy fireplaces throughout, perfect for the cold New England winters. Many remember the former owner's experiences shared in interviews where she would give her followers a peek inside her home. She would often mention her love for her secluded neighborhood, the peaceful surroundings, and just how much privacy the properties in this area provided. Several of her famous friends have been known to visit her New Preston home. It is rumored that the house has been host to some of the wildest parties the area has ever seen. Locals also recall seeing some of the comedienne’s prestigious art collection displayed in the house during these parties. The sale of the New Preston home is representative of a significant shift for the former owner. Although she has always been private with her personal life, the public has been very curious about what she is up to these days. While it isn’t clear if the comedienne still has a house in Connecticut, or if she has moved on to exprience other places, we wish her all the best in her future endeavors.