article: Xabi Alonso has introduced himself to the Bayern Munich faithful in the best possible way - by having a stellar debut at centre-back and then donning trademark Bavarian Lederhosen. The Spanish midfielder, who signed from Real Madrid for £5million last week, made an impressive first appearance in an unusual centre-back role in Bayern's 1-1 draw away at Schalke. He completed the most passes (66), made the most touches on the pitch and covered the largest distance as he slotted straight into Pep Guardiola's side. VIDEO Scroll down to watch the highlights of Xabi Alonso's Bayern Munich debut vs Schalke . Sheepish: New Bayern Munich signing Xabi Alonso appears slightly awkward during filming for a beer advert . Full outfit: (left to right) Alonso, Dante and Franck Ribery walk along in their traditional Bavarian dress . Struggle? Alonso appears to have a problem removing the top part of his Lederhosen during filming . AbsentL Alonso (front left) and his team-mates are then pictured minus the top part of the Lederhosen . Squad photo: The full Bayern Munich squad don Lederhosen as they hold their beers up to the camera . Stellar: Alonso made an impressive debut for Bayern Munich against Schalke, competing the most passes . All smiles: (left to right) Robert Lewandowski, Frank Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Manuel Neuer, David Alaba, Mario Gotze, Thomas Muller and Arjen Robben enjoy a joke during the filming of the beer advert . Poser: Alonso sits with a glass of Paulaner beer during the filming of the advert for Bayern Munich . Beer we go: The Bayern Munich squad pose for their official team picture on Sunday . And the 2010 World Cup-winner seemed determined to fit in with his new team-mates during the filming of a beer advert for Bayern's sponsors Paulaner. The 32-year-old appeared awkward at times during the filming of the advert, looking sheepish while standing in the traditional German dress and holding a glass of beer. Alonso appeared to struggle with part of the Lederhosen outfit, getting caught as he tried to remove the top part over his shoulder. The summer signing was then pictured later minus the top part of his garment, as were some of his team-mates, during a photoshoot. Hard worker: Alonso also ran the furthest distance on the pitch against Schalke and had the most touches . Leading from the front: Bayern boss Pep Guardiola (centre) also appeared in the filming for the beer advert . Champions: German World Cup winners Schweinsteiger (left) and Neuer (right) pose together during filming . Looking to the distance: Schweinsteiger sits with six glasses of beer in front of him during filming for advert . Cheers! Dante (back left) and Schweinsteiger (back centre) chink their glasses during the filming for the advert . Stylish: Former Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina (right) and Thomas Muller (second right) during filming .
highlights: Xabi Alonso made his debut at centre-back for Bayern Munich . The Spanish midfielder signed for £5million from Real Madrid last week . Bayern drew 1-1 away at Schalke with Alonso completing the most passes . He then wore Lederhosen with rest of squad during filming of beer advert . Alonso appeared to struggle with top part of the Lederhosen outfit .
id: 99b7f8c6e7b2a1e1faa4f7e1d4b78209e0be4499
chatgpt: Xabi Alonso made an impressive start to his Bayern Munich career, playing in a new role at centre-back and completing the most passes during the team's 1-1 draw away at Schalke. The Spanish midfielder, who signed for a reported £5 million from Real Madrid last week, has quickly become an important player for the German champions. Despite not being a natural centre-back, Alonso's excellent passing ability and positional awareness allowed him to adapt to the new role with ease. He was a key figure in Bayern's attempts to control possession, completing 119 passes with an impressive accuracy rate of 92%. After the match, Alonso was praised by his coach Pep Guardiola, who said: "He is a special player. He is intelligent, has quality and can play in different positions. He was very good today in his role." However, while Alonso's on-field performance was impressive, his off-field antics also caught the attention of fans. The midfielder was filmed wearing traditional Bavarian Lederhosen during a beer advert alongside the rest of the Bayern Munich squad. While most of the players appeared to be enjoying the experience, Alonso seemed to struggle with the top part of the outfit, which is notoriously difficult to fit. Despite his struggles, Alonso was clearly enjoying his new surroundings in Munich, and the player himself has spoken about his excitement at being part of such a successful team. "It's a privilege to be here," he said. "I'm very happy to be part of this team and to be working with such great players and coaches." Alonso's signing has been seen as a coup for Bayern Munich, who were keen to add experience to their squad after the departure of legendary midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger to Manchester United. And while it was initially thought that Alonso would be used primarily as a backup to starting centre-backs Jerome Boateng and Mehdi Benatia, his impressive performance against Schalke has given Guardiola a new option to consider. With Alonso looking comfortable at the heart of Bayern's defence, Guardiola may be tempted to play him in the role more often, especially if the player continues to impress. And while he may not be a natural centre-back, Alonso's intelligence and ability to read the game make him a valuable asset for any team. Overall, Alonso's debut for Bayern Munich was a promising one, and the player looks set to play a major role in the team's pursuit of success this season. Whether he will be able to master the top part of the Lederhosen outfit remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure – Bayern Munich have acquired a world-class player in Xabi Alonso.