article: By . Emma Reynolds . PUBLISHED: . 07:30 EST, 9 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:09 EST, 9 January 2013 . Sick teenagers who filmed themselves throwing a kitten around a room and swinging it by its tail were caught after posting their video on Facebook. Two girls, aged 15 and 16, can be seen violently flinging the eight-week-old animal at each other and laughing hysterically in a bedroom at one of their homes on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent. The callous teenagers were fined £85, given a nine-month referral order and disqualified from keeping animals for a year after admitting causing unnecessary suffering to a kitten at Maidstone Youth Court. Scroll down for video . Callous: The two girls, aged 15 and 16, throw the tortoiseshell kitten back and forth, cackling hysterically as they swing the defenceless creature by its legs and tail . Cruel: The teenagers posted the 36-second clip of them abusing the distressed animal on Facebook . Vicious: The eight-week-old cat at one point appears to be knocked unconscious after smashing into the ceiling . They can be heard giggling uncontrollably during the disturbing 36-second clip, in which the kitten appears to be knocked unconscious after hitting the ceiling. The girls still do not stop, however, and violently throw the pet across the room two more times in the clip, which they posted on Facebook. RSPCA chief inspector Steve Dockery said: 'This was shocking footage of young girls violently throwing an eight-week-old kitten around. 'The girls' commentary on the video shows that they found their actions to be hilariously funny, which is worrying. 'The abuse of a young animal purely for entertainment cannot be tolerated and posting it on a social networking site sends out a message that animal cruelty is acceptable. New life: The RSPCA said the kitten was lucky to survive her ordeal and has since been re-homed . Caught on camera: The girls were fined £85, sentenced to a nine-month referral order and disqualified from keeping animals for a year . 'Worrying': The RSPCA said the fact the girls posted the 'shocking' video online as entertainment sends out a message that animal cruelty is acceptable . 'The kitten was lucky to survive her ordeal and has since been re-homed with a new and loving family.' The teenagers, who must also pay £85 each in court costs, were caught after a member of the public spotted their video on Facebook and reported it to the police. A vet who examined the kitten after her ordeal in August said she would have suffered massive distress and it was a miracle she had not sustained severe physical injuries. A third girl, aged 16, who is accused of filming the attack, pleaded not guilty and is due to appear for trial later in the year. VIDEO: Teenage girls throw kitten around room and post it on Facebook . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: RSPCA said the eight-week-old kitten was lucky to survive . The girls, aged 15 and 16, can be seen swinging the female kitten by its tail . She appears to be knocked unconscious after hitting the ceiling . The pair were fined £85 after their footage was spotted on Facebook . Kitten has since been re-homed with a new and loving family .
id: 84ac7ab0cbe4be45b93929e39e742ca85f4ff853
chatgpt: An eight-week-old kitten miraculously survived a horrific ordeal in which she was brutally swung by her tail by two teenage girls. The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) has said that the kitten was lucky to survive the incident, which left her temporarily unconscious. The girls, aged 15 and 16, were caught on camera swinging the tiny female kitten by her tail. The footage, which was shared on Facebook, shows the poor creature being hurled around the room before hitting the ceiling and going limp. The video quickly spread on social media, prompting a wave of outrage from animal lovers around the world. The RSPCA was alerted to the incident and promptly launched an investigation. The girls were eventually identified and questioned by the authorities. They claimed that they were just trying to have some fun and did not intend to hurt the kitten. However, their negligence and cruelty towards the animal could not be ignored. The pair were fined £85 for their actions, which were deemed to be a clear case of animal abuse. Meanwhile, the kitten was taken into the care of the RSPCA, who spent several weeks nursing her back to health. Despite her traumatic experience, the little kitten showed remarkable resilience and eventually made a full recovery. Thankfully, the story has a happy ending. The kitten has since been re-homed with a loving family who are giving her all the care and attention she deserves. The RSPCA has expressed its gratitude to the kind-hearted family for providing a safe and loving home for the kitten. Animal abuse is a serious issue that must be addressed. The RSPCA has urged people to report any incidents of cruelty or neglect towards animals. They have also advised pet owners to seek professional advice and to take proper care of their pets. The case of the kitten being swung by her tail is just one example of the many acts of cruelty that animals are subjected to every day. While it’s heartening to know that justice was served in this case, there are many other animals out there who are not so lucky. It’s up to all of us to make a positive difference in the lives of animals. We can all play a part in making the world a better place for animals, whether by adopting a pet, volunteering at an animal shelter, or simply by being kind to animals we encounter in our daily lives. In conclusion, the kitten who was swung by her tail has been spared from any further harm and is now living in comfort and love, thanks to the actions of the RSPCA and the kindness of the family who adopted her. Hopefully, this story will serve as a reminder that there is no excuse for animal cruelty and that every animal deserves to be treated with kindness and respect.