article: She arrived for her annual summer break at Balmoral just five days after the Royal baby was born. And now, almost two weeks later, the Queen appears to have relaxed into her two month holiday with ease. She was greeted by hordes of well-wishers as she inspected the troops outside the gates of Balmoral today as she arrived to take up official residence. She had landed in Scotland more than a week earlier, on 27 June, when she arrived by private aeroplane with her two corgis, Holly and Willow, for the break. Jolly good show! The Queen inspects the Royal Scots Borderers at the gates to Balmoral as she takes up summer residence there . Until now, she had been staying in . one of the other houses on the estate before the tourist season came to . and end on 31 July and the main residence could be prepared for her . arrival. Dressed in a . powder blue suit and hat trimmed with a statement bloom, she looked . delighted with what she saw as the pipers struck up in her honour. The Queen traditionally spends the . entire summer in her Scottish residence, and is customarily joined for . the whole duration by Prince Philip, with other members of the Royal . family dropping in for portions of the break. Philip . is set to join the Queen at her private estate on Monday, after . carrying out his first public engagement two months since he was . admitted to the London Clinic on 6 June for exploratory abdominal . surgery. It will be the Duke of Edinburgh's first official engagement since the surgery. Philip, 92, will travel to Edinburgh where he will hand out medals at the Royal Society of Edinburgh, Buckingham Palace said. Others . who may join the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh include William and . Kate, who it has been suggested may decide to holiday at Balmoral, . travelling there from Bucklebury in Buckinghamshire where they are . currently spending family time at the Middleton's mansion. No wonder she's cheerful - the Queen will now remain at her beloved private estate until October . The Queen beamed as she was accompanied by Ballater Guard commanding officer Major Jules  Kilpatrick to inspects the Royal Scots Borderers at the gates to Balmoral . The . Queen arrived at Balmoral on 27 July but stayed in another house on . the estate while she waited for the tourist season to end on 31 July. The main residence was then secured so the Royals could move in . Crowds of local well-wishers gathered to welcome the Queen . Although the queen arrived in Scotland nearly a week ago (August 2nd), she has been staying in a house on the Balmoral estate while Balmoral Castle was being prepared for her .
highlights: Monarch arrived 27 July but spent first 10 days elsewhere on the estate . Had to wait until tourist season ended on 31 July, then another week for team to secure the main residence . Queen expected to be joined by Prince Philip on Monday . Other Royals likely to drop in - with suggestions William and Kate may spend some time there .
id: 9255be6c934d98147db2083de5d2b371bc723a8b
chatgpt: The Monarch has arrived! On the 27th July, Queen Elizabeth II made her way to her estate at Balmoral, Scotland, where she is expected to spend her summer holiday. However, according to sources, her Majesty spent the first 10 days away from the main residence on the estate. The Queen had to wait until the end of the tourist season on the 31st July before she could fully occupy the main residence. Over the course of the week, a team worked tirelessly to secure the property and prepare it for the arrival of the Queen and her team. Speculation is rife as to which other members of the Royal Family will be joining her Majesty in Balmoral this summer. It has been suggested that Prince Philip will be arriving on Monday to join his wife, the Queen. Other members of the royal family are also expected to pay a visit, with many thinking that William and Kate may spend some time there too. Balmoral is a popular destination for the Royal Family, with many enjoying the peace and tranquility that can be found in the Scottish countryside. The estate is vast, covering over 50,000 acres, and it allows the Royal Family to get away from the hustle and bustle of normal life. The Queen’s summer holiday is sure to be a welcome break from the chaos of recent months, with the ongoing coronavirus pandemic having disrupted many aspects of normal life. The Royal Family have been keen to lead by example during these difficult times, with the Queen and other senior royals making regular appearances via video call to boost morale and support the efforts of frontline workers. The Royal Family is no stranger to Balmoral, having spent many summers there over the years. The estate is known for its stunning scenery, with visitors able to enjoy rolling hills, vast forests, and crystal clear lochs. It is no surprise, therefore, that the Queen would choose to spend her summer break there. As the summer progresses, the Royal Family will no doubt make the most of their time at Balmoral, with many enjoying outdoor pursuits such as fishing, shooting, and hiking. The estate is also home to a number of rare birds, and it is a popular destination for birdwatchers from all over the world. As always, the Queen's stay in Balmoral is shrouded in secrecy, and little information has been released about the schedule for her time there. However, we can be sure that the Queen will be enjoying a well-deserved break in the beautiful surroundings of Balmoral, surrounded by her loved ones, and away from the pressures of public life.