article: A plane flying from  New York to London Heathrow hit near supersonic speeds yesterday after getting caught up in a powerhouse jet stream. British Airways Flight 114, a Boeing 777-200 jet, took off from JFK at 10.50pm Eastern Standard Time (EST), and landed at 9.06am local time at London Heathrow. The total flight time was five hours and 16 minutes, well short of the estimated minimum six-hour journey. Scroll down for video . A British Airways flight from New York to London Heathrow took only five hours and 16 minutes due to flying through a powerhouse jet stream (File Photo) The difference in temperature between the Equator and the North Pole means pressure and winds are greater thus reducing flight times between the US and the UK (jet stream in purple) By comparing the flight path here to the graph above, you can see the plane was bang in the jet stream . What's more, the flight was reported to have flown at speeds of 745mph relative to ground speed. The speed of sound at sea level is 761mph. Several flights are reported to have made the journey from New York to London yesterday in around five hours 20 minutes due to the 200mph North Atlantic jet stream. How the stats measure up for the supersonic flying BA jet from New York to London Heathrow . The conditions around the North Atlantic have meant the US have been feeling the effects of a polar vortex . Passengers leaving JFK heading to London yesterday were treated to a reduction in flight duration . It is not unexpected for the jet stream to intensify during the winter months, with flight times in January and February between the US and the UK shortening in duration. The temperature contrast between the equator and the North Pole is at its greatest during these months, and as well as leading to polar-vortex related climate experienced by the US currently, air pressure and wind increases. Sadly, however, the strength of the jet stream is heavily weighted in one direction; that is to say flights heading to the US from Europe will see an increase in duration. The heavier green points on the Earth signify the powerful jet stream across the Atlantic . The Atlantic jet stream route was taken advantage of by the Concorde, when in 1996 it hit a top speed of 1,350mph and took just two hours and 53 minutes from New York to London . Often this is because pilots are forced to fly closer to Greenland to escape powerful headwinds, as oppose to the direct route over the Atlantic. Despite the Boeing 777-200 jet reaching a top speed of 745mph, it doesn't come close to matching the top speed of the Concorde on the same flight path. Back in 1996, a New York to London flight took just two hours, 53 minutes, and hit top speeds of 1,350mph.
highlights: Boeing 777-200 hit top speed of 745mph on New York to Heathrow route . Flight time cut as powerhouse jet stream sweeps over the Atlantic . Speed of sound at sea level is 761mph, Concorde hit 1,350mph .
id: 63493c441e2de1f3bbd0589fc0f65e0c232a1b8b
chatgpt: A Boeing 777-200 aircraft recently hit a top speed of 745mph on a flight from New York to Heathrow. The flight time was reduced as a powerful jet stream swept over the Atlantic. The speed of sound at sea level is 761mph; however, the Concorde aircraft once hit a top speed of 1,350mph. The flight operated by British Airways was flying from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York to London Heathrow Airport. The journey usually takes around seven hours, but the Boeing 777-200 completed the flight in just over five hours, thanks to a powerful jet stream sweeping over the Atlantic.  The aircraft, one of British Airways' long-haul planes, took advantage of the natural weather phenomenon known as the jet stream. The jet stream is formed by winds that blow from west to east at speeds exceeding 120mph in the Earth's atmosphere winds.  The plane was able to hit an incredible speed of 745mph due to the powerful jet stream acting as a tailwind, according to reports from air traffic controllers. The speed of sound at sea level is 761mph, which means that the plane was just shy of breaking the sound barrier. Despite not breaking the sound barrier, hitting a speed of 745mph on a commercial airliner is still a remarkable achievement, and it affords many benefits for both airlines and passengers alike. Travellers can save precious time flying long distances as airlines can reduce their fuel costs with the additional tailwind. This can also reduce greenhouse gas emissions and make air travel more environmentally friendly. However, the ticket prices may not reduce, and airline companies will not guarantee such speeds on all the flights. Furthermore, the speed of sound in airplanes is not a viable option due to its loud noise and atmospheric conditions.  The Concorde supersonic aircraft, which was decommissioned in 2003, holds the title for the fastest commercial aircraft to have ever flown. It hit a top speed of 1,350mph, flying from New York to London in just three hours and 30 minutes. In conclusion, with a combination of advanced technology and favorable natural phenomena such as the jet stream, airlines can make significant improvements in the way we travel. The recent flight of the Boeing 777-200 flight from New York to Heathrow is just one example of such progress which will enable airlines to deliver improved experiences for their passengers while achieving the benefits of higher efficiency and cost savings potential in fuel consumption.