article: (CNN) -- Alexis Ohanian is a champion of the Internet as a catalyst that lets anyone become a publisher or a promoter of worthwhile causes. But for his first book -- which happens to be about that very topic -- Ohanian is turning to the traditional publishing channels. The book will tentatively be called "Without Your Permission: How the 21st Century Will Be Made -- Not Managed," said Ohanian, who co-founded website aggregator Reddit and started his own independent book publisher. To develop the book, he and his agent sought the services of Business Plus, an imprint of the Hachette Book Group-owned Grand Central Publishing. "There's a big value that going through a traditional publisher brings to someone like me," Ohanian said in a phone interview from Malmo, Sweden, where he was speaking at a conference. "Frankly, I just needed the help." The tiny, charitable publisher that Ohanian runs, called Breadpig, puts out books for popular Web comics, such as XKCD and Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal. Because those websites already had fans accustomed to paying for posters, T-shirts and other merchandise, Breadpig did not need to focus on marketing, building online storefronts or dealing with retailers, as most book publishers do. After co-founding, leading and now advising Reddit, which continues to grow as its peers have withered, Ohanian helped launch the fast-growing travel search website Hipmunk. He relinquished his role as head of marketing this summer in order to focus on writing and on his speaking engagements. People in the publishing industry began approaching Ohanian in 2009 after he gave a TED talk about an obscure Web meme called Mister Splashy Pants. The name is taken from a Greenpeace mascot that some blogs and Reddit users helped promote. The book will combine advice for building successful startup ventures and marketing secrets with examples of heartwarming stories about using the Internet for grass-roots campaigns. It will also include doodles, which perhaps shouldn't be surprising coming from the man who designed the logos for Breadpig, Hipmunk and Reddit. "Without Your Permission" is expected to be published in early 2013, according to Rick Wolff, the publisher and editor-in-chief for Business Plus. The publishing house has produced best-sellers from CNN founder Ted Turner, former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Hank Paulson, and Zappos founder Tony Hsieh. Ohanian, at 28, is the least experienced of the group, despite his major accomplishments since graduating from the University of Virginia. "This guy is a real personality, and he obviously knows the Internet," Wolff said. "There are a lot of books out there about how to become a success on the Internet. Most of them don't sell much." However, Ohanian has Wolff and his team convinced. If the budding author can help rename a serious Greenpeace initiative as Mister Splashy Pants, maybe his viral abilities can sell books, too.
highlights: Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian says he is writing a book . He is leaving his post as head of marketing for travel-search site Hipmunk . The book will include tips for Web entrepreneurs and people running viral campaigns .
id: 10a8264df8e730ef030aab38d9c987ab891ce71e
chatgpt: Alexis Ohanian, the co-founder of popular social media website Reddit, has recently announced that he is leaving his post as head of marketing for Hipmunk, a travel search site. Ohanian, who co-founded Reddit in 2005 with Steve Huffman, has been an instrumental figure in the development of the site, which has become one of the most visited destinations on the internet.  Something that has been a major point of discussion in the tech industry regarding Ohanian is the fact that he is currently in the process of writing a book. According to Ohanian himself, the book will offer a wealth of tips for web entrepreneurs and people looking to run viral campaigns. Ohanian's success with Reddit has made him an authority in the field of viral marketing, and his advice is sure to be coveted by many. The book, titled "Without Their Permission: How the 21st Century Will be Made, Not Managed," is expected to be published later this year. The book will touch on a number of topics, including the future of the internet, the role of technology in modern life, and the importance of entrepreneurship in driving innovation. In particular, Ohanian hopes to dispel the notion that starting a successful internet business requires access to special resources or connections. "My goal with this book is to share what I've learned about building successful web businesses and running viral campaigns, and to encourage others to forge their own path and start something great," said Ohanian in a recent interview. In addition to his work with Reddit and Hipmunk, Ohanian has also been involved in a number of other successful ventures. These include Breadpig, a self-publishing platform that has raised over $120,000 for various charities, and Das Kapital Capital, a new venture capital fund that seeks to invest in innovative startups. According to Ohanian, his decision to leave Hipmunk was motivated in part by his desire to focus on his writing and other projects. However, he also expressed his optimism about the future of the company and the travel industry as a whole. "Working with the team at Hipmunk has been an incredible experience," said Ohanian. "I'm proud of what we've accomplished together, and I'm confident that they will continue to succeed in the years to come." In any case, it is clear that Ohanian's departure will be a loss for Hipmunk. He has been a key figure at the company since its inception in 2010, and his contributions have played an important role in its success. Despite his impending departure from Hipmunk, Ohanian is likely to remain a prominent figure in the tech industry for some time to come. His work with Reddit and other successful ventures has earned him a reputation as a visionary leader with a talent for creating innovative solutions to complex problems.  As the technology industry continues to evolve, it will be interesting to see what other projects Ohanian will come up with in the years ahead. For now, though, his upcoming book is sure to be eagerly anticipated by entrepreneurs and tech enthusiasts alike.