article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . A young woman who suffered a heart attack aged 22 died just hours before she was due to be discharged. Leigh Holden, 22, was in good spirits about returning home on July 29 last year, an inquest heard. She had been admitted to the Northern General . Hospital in Sheffield after coughing up blood, having . previously suffered a major heart attack in March. But after several days in hospital, she appeared to be recovering, her father Keith said. Leigh Holden, 22, died four months after suffering a heart attack - on the day she was due to be discharged from hospital . 'He said: 'She was happy as a pig in muck - she was coming home. The nurse on duty had told her she was being discharged the following morning.' But shortly after Ms Holden's parents left the hospital at around 8pm, she suffered major medical complications. Despite efforts to resuscitate her, she died that evening. Ms Holden was a qualified hair stylist but at the time of her death was working as a telesales executive for an insurance firm. The inquest heard that after her heart attack, Ms Holden had a stent fitted to widen her artery and was on a twice-daily medication called ticagrelor. This is designed to prevent clots from forming in blood vessels by thinning the blood. After returning to hospital with coughing problems, she was diagnosed with a pulmonary embolism - a blockage in the artery that transports blood to the lungs. As a result of her coughing up ‘life-threatening’ amounts of blood, doctors took the decision to reduce her ticagrelor dosage, due to fears she may lose even more blood. Ms Holden has been admitted to the Northern General Hospital in Sheffield after coughing up blood . Dr Robin Condliffe, who helped treat Ms Holden, said the decision was taken to reduce her risk of dying from blood loss - but added it did increase the chance of complications with her stent. Earlier in the hearing, pathologist Dr Julian Burton said he had identified the cause of death as stent thrombosis - where the stent becomes blocked by a blood clot. Dr Condliffe said he did not believe the change in medication had caused the stent thrombosis, but had ‘contributed’ to it. Nevertheless, he felt the right treatment decisions had been taken as, had the medication not been changed, there was a strong chance Ms Holden would have died from the amount of blood she was coughing up. 'We would have been asked the question, "Why didn’t you withhold it?’ and that would have been a harder thing to justify,' he said. Assistant coroner Louise Slater adjourned the inquest and said she would be giving a narrative conclusion. The hearing will resume next month.
highlights: Leigh Holden had suffered a heart attack in March last year . Had to go back to hospital in the July as was coughing up blood . Was due to be discharged on July 29 and was excited to be going home . Just hours before she was due to leave suffered major complications . Despite efforts to resuscitate the telesales executive, she died that evening .
id: 5b0b234233bb036f3bbba37d9bfacd5239bb6360
chatgpt: Leigh Holden, a telesales executive, had been battling health issues since March last year when she suffered a heart attack. Despite the initial setback, she was able to pull through and was on the road to recovery. However, she had to be readmitted to the hospital in July as she was coughing up blood. Leigh's family and friends were hoping that this would be a routine visit for her and that she would be discharged soon. On July 29, Leigh received the news that she had been waiting for; doctors said that she was well enough to go home. She was excited to finally be leaving the hospital after such a prolonged stay. As Leigh was getting ready to leave, her health took a turn for the worse. She suffered major complications just hours before her planned discharge. Hospital staff rushed to her side and did everything they could to resuscitate her, but it was to no avail. Leigh Holden passed away that evening. Leigh's sudden death came as a shock to her family and friends. Everyone who knew her described her as hardworking, kind-hearted, and always quick with a smile. Her colleagues at work were devastated by the news, and the company shared a statement expressing their condolences and mentioning how much Leigh would be missed by her team. Leigh's family expressed their gratitude for the care and support that was provided to Leigh during her stay in the hospital. They said that the staff had been wonderful to her and that they couldn't have done more to help her in her time of need. However, they were saddened that their loved one was taken away from them so suddenly. The family also thanked those who had reached out to them with messages of sympathy and support during this difficult time. They said that it had been heartening to see how many lives Leigh had touched during her time on this earth. Leigh's death is a tragic reminder of how fragile life can be. Despite everything that medical science can do, sometimes it is not enough. It is important for everyone to take care of their health and to appreciate the time that they have with their loved ones. In conclusion, Leigh Holden's story is a poignant one. She fought hard to overcome her initial health issues, but fate had other plans. Her family, friends, and colleagues will miss her dearly, but they will always remember the joy and kindness that she brought to their lives.