article: (CNN) -- Ten everyday people will be recognized Thursday for their remarkable efforts to make the world a better place. CNN's Anderson Cooper will reveal this year's top 10 CNN Heroes during the 8 a.m. hour of "New Day." All the top 10 Heroes were nominated by CNN's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN. Each will receive $50,000 and be honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," a globally broadcast event that airs December 1. One of the top 10 will receive an additional $250,000 for their cause if the public chooses them as the CNN Hero of the Year. Starting Thursday morning, you will be able to vote for your favorite Hero at CNNHeroes.com or from your mobile device. Voting ends November 17. Last year's Hero of the Year was Pushpa Basnet, a Nepalese woman who supports children so they don't have to live behind bars with their incarcerated parents. She started a home in Kathmandu where children can receive education, food, medical care and a chance to live a more normal life. "These children have done nothing wrong. They are simply caught in something they do not understand," Basnet said. "We want to work with the government to bring them all out of prison. And they deserve a better future." Robin Lim, the Hero of the Year in 2011, was recognized for helping thousands of poor Indonesians have a healthy pregnancy and birth. "I found that if you have a good idea and you do it with love, a lot of people want to help you," Lim said. This is the seventh year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes. In those years, the campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com. This year's tribute show will be held in New York and hosted by Cooper at the American Museum of Natural History. Click here to see all the extraordinary Heroes who have been featured this year.
highlights: The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 will be revealed Thursday morning on CNN and CNN.com . They will be honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," which airs December 1 . Who will be the Hero of the Year? You can cast your vote once the names are revealed .
id: 0aa52a11710ee0b17644143a3d21f70e8689ec3c
chatgpt: CNN will be revealing the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013 on Thursday morning. These Heroes will be recognized and honored at "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute," which will air on December 1. The event will celebrate the outstanding work of these Heroes who have dedicated their lives to helping others. The anticipation is high as viewers wait to see who will be named the Hero of the Year. Once the names are announced, viewers will have the opportunity to cast their votes for their favorite Hero. The Hero who receives the most votes will be crowned the Hero of the Year. CNN Heroes is an annual show that honors ordinary people who have done extraordinary things in their communities. Each year, CNN receives thousands of nominations from all over the world, highlighting the work of these unsung heroes. The top 10 Heroes are selected by a panel of judges based on their impact, innovation, and the extent to which they have inspired others. This year's top 10 CNN Heroes are a diverse group of individuals from all walks of life. They include a woman who provides free healthcare to impoverished communities in the Philippines, a man who teaches children with disabilities how to surf in California, and a group of volunteers who have established a home for abused and neglected children in Colorado. Other notable Heroes include an organization in Indonesia that provides education and vocational training to women who have survived domestic violence, a man who has dedicated his life to helping blind people in Africa, and a group of farmers in Appalachia who are working to revitalize their communities. The Hero of the Year will be chosen from this impressive group of individuals who have made a significant impact on the lives of others. The winner will be announced during the "CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute" show on December 1, and will receive a $250,000 grant to continue their work. CNN Heroes is a testament to the power of the human spirit and a reminder that each individual has the ability to make a positive impact in their community. The work of these Heroes serves as inspiration for all of us to do what we can to make the world a better place.