article: By . Emma Thomas . PUBLISHED: . 12:49 EST, 24 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:56 EST, 24 December 2013 . US whistleblower Edward Snowden, who was behind the leak of documents revealing mass surveillance programmes, is to give the Channel 4 Alternative Christmas Message tomorrow. He follows figures such as Ali G, Sharon Osbourne and Baroness Lawrence in giving the festive address which is the station's answer to the Queen's message to the nation. The channel said it will be his first recorded TV film since Snowden arrived in Moscow, where he has been given asylum. Christmas message: Edward Snowden speaks during an interview in Hong Kong . Computer analyst Snowden became a wanted man more than seven months ago when his leaks brought to light secret National Security Agency documents which revealed widespread US surveillance on phone and internet communications. It led to not only embarrassment but also friction with other countries when the extent of the surveillance emerged. Channel 4 said that in his message he talks about 'why privacy matters and why he believes mass indiscriminate surveillance by governments of their people is wrong'. Snowden said: 'Great Britain's George Orwell warned us of the danger of this kind of information. The types of collection in the book - microphones and video cameras, TVs that watch us - are nothing compared to what we have available today. We have sensors in our pockets that track us everywhere we go. Think about what this means for the privacy of the average person. Snowden warned of dangers to democracy in the first video released of the fugitive since arriving in Russia . 'A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all. They'll never know what it means to have a private moment to themselves, an unrecorded, unanalysed thought. And that's a problem because privacy matters, privacy is what allows us to determine who we are and who we want to be.' He added: 'The conversation occurring today will determine the amount of trust we can place both in the technology that surrounds us and the government that regulates it. Together we can find a better balance, end mass surveillance and remind the government that if it really wants to know how we feel, asking is always cheaper than spying.' Snowden's passport was revoked and a warrant was issued for his arrest - for passing on classified information and theft of government property - when his leaks came to light. Channels 4's head of news and current affairs Dorothy Byrne said: 'Edward Snowden's decision to reveal the extent of surveillance programmes was one of the most significant news events of the year. 'The information which he has placed in the public domain raises serious questions for democratic society. This is an opportunity for our viewers to hear from him directly and judge for themselves what he has to say.' :: The Alternative Christmas Message will broadcast tomorrow at 4.15pm on Channel 4.
highlights: Edward Snowden follows Ali G and Sharon Osbourne . This is first TV film since Snowden arrived in Moscow . He became a wanted man seven months ago for leaking .
id: 06e6659dfc6b8461b8ab7f8c66835af99aafcf10
chatgpt: Edward Snowden, former National Security Agency contractor and infamous whistleblower, recently made a brief appearance on British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen's TV series "Who Is America?". The show aired on Sunday and featured Ali G, Cohen's infamous character, interviewing Snowden, who has been living in Moscow for the past several years after being granted asylum by the Russian government. This appearance marks the first time Snowden has appeared on a television production since he arrived in Moscow seven years ago. Snowden's decision to agree to the interview comes several months after the Russian government extended his asylum status another three years. Snowden became a wanted man in the United States in 2013 after he leaked classified information from the NSA that revealed the extent of the U.S. government's surveillance programs. Snowden's leaks prompted a global debate over privacy and government surveillance, and he has remained a controversial figure in the years since. The interview with Ali G was brief but memorable, as the comedian asked Snowden a range of humorous questions, including whether the NSA had knowledge of any UFOs or whether he prefers Moscow over St. Petersburg. Snowden responded with his characteristic candor, revealing that he does not believe in UFOs and prefers the architectural beauty of St. Petersburg. The show also featured a brief cameo from Sharon Osbourne, co-host of the popular talk show "The Talk". In the sketch, Osbourne appears to be discussing politics with Ali G, but quickly becomes distracted by his flamboyant attire and misplaced accent. The appearance on "Who Is America?" has sparked renewed interest in Snowden and his controversial actions. Some have criticized Snowden for his decision to leak classified information, while others view him as a hero and a champion of civil liberties. In recent years, Snowden has become increasingly vocal in his support of greater privacy protections and has continued to speak out against government surveillance. He has also written a memoir, "Permanent Record," which details his experiences and motivations for leaking classified information. Despite the controversy surrounding his actions, Snowden has remained a popular figure in many circles and continues to be a prominent voice in the global debate over privacy and civil liberties. His appearance on "Who Is America?" is sure to further fuel that debate and generate more discussion over his controversial actions.