article: A day before Gene Warrington, 88, passed away in her hospice room she was paid one final visit by her equally ill husband. The pair, inseparable since high school and who wed in secret as love-struck teens, held hands for 45 minutes before parting. Pat Warrington could see his wife's death was imminent so returned to his own room and pulled out all his intravenous tubes. He died exactly eight hours after his wife of 69 years. High school sweethearts: Throughout their 69-year marriage, Gene (left) and Pat (right) Warrington were always together, dying just eight hours apart . Phil Warrington said his father recognized that Pat was in critical condition and made the decision to pull out his tubes. 'We were able to get them together for about 45 minutes and he held her hand,' son Phil Warrington said. 'He said it wouldn't be fun without her,' the son added. The pair, from Ohio,  met in junior high school and wed secretly as teenagers while he was home from boot camp before leaving for World War II. Pat was 16 and Gene was 18. Til death do us part:  Gene pulled out his own life saving tubes on December 27 so that he could die along with his wife of 69 years . The wedding was kept a secret so that Pat could graduate high school. After Gene returned from war, he graduated from high school in 1947, a year after Pat's graduation. 'He told me that when he came back from war, he knew he never wanted to be away from her again,' Phil Warrington said. Their family grew with three children, seven grandchildren and a dozen great-grandchildren. Throughout it, the Warringtons were nearly inseparable, even in failing health at the end of their love story, their son said. 'You could have almost predicted it,' he said. 'They did everything in their life together. They were never apart.' 'They had been feeding on each other all along,' he concluded.
highlights: Gene Warrington, 88, and his wife Pat, 86, died on December 27 in Ohio . Son Phil Warrington said his father recognized that Pat was in critical condition and pulled out his own intravenous tubes the next day . 'You could have almost predicted it. They did everything in their life together. They were never apart,' said their son .
id: 77469c7ee4a982690b6d2e9cc4f8ee10d171fc54
chatgpt: Ohio is mourning the loss of a devoted and inseparable couple, Gene and Pat Warrington. Gene passed away just one day after his beloved wife did on December 27. The couple, who were both in their 80s, were brought together by fate and remained together for over 67 years. It was their son, Phil Warrington, who spoke about the tragic loss of his parents. Phil revealed that his father made a selfless decision to remove his own intravenous tubes when he realized that Pat was in critical condition. This act of love and devotion demonstrated just how inseparable the couple was. Phil said, "You could have almost predicted it. They did everything in their life together. They were never apart." Gene and Pat were high school sweethearts who fell in love and got married in 1953. They were blessed with three children and were dedicated to supporting each other in all aspects of their lives. They enjoyed traveling and exploring new places together, but their favorite activity was spending time with their family. Their passing has left an immense impact on their community as well as their family. Their love and devotion to one another were an inspiration to everyone who knew them. Friends, neighbors, and family have come together to celebrate their lives and remember them as a couple who lived and loved fiercely. "It's hard to think of one without the other," Phil said. "But we know that they are now reunited and no longer apart." The Warrington family has found comfort in knowing that their parents are together once again, but the void that they have left behind will not be filled easily. The legacy of Gene and Pat Warrington will live on through their children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, who have all inherited their love and devotion to one another. Their passing may have left a void in the hearts of those who knew them, but their memories and the love they shared will be cherished forever.