article: Washington (CNN) -- Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Wednesday his department estimates that four out of five schools in the United States will not make their "No Child Left Behind" benchmarks by the law's target year of 2014 -- and when the test scores are counted for the current school year, numbers could show that U.S. schools are already at that failure rate. He blamed that failure rate on the law itself, not on schools. "This law has created dozens of ways for schools to fail and very few ways to help them succeed. We should get out of the business of labeling schools as failures and create a new law that is fair and flexible, and focused on the schools and students most at risk," Duncan told the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Under the No Child Left Behind law, originally passed in 2001, all students are expected to meet a level of "proficiency" by 2014. Because standards under No Child Left Behind are higher from year to year as 2014 approaches, the percentage of schools that are not meeting "Adequate Yearly Progress" could rise from the current level of 37% to 82%, Duncan said. Duncan pointed out that federal law requires states and districts to "implement the same set of interventions in every school that is not meeting AYP, regardless of the individual needs and circumstances of those schools." Under the Education Department's estimates, 82% of America's schools "could be labeled 'failing' and, over time, the required remedies for all of them are the same -- which means we will really fail to serve the students in greatest need," said Duncan. "By mandating and prescribing one-size-fits-all solutions, No Child Left Behind took away the ability of local and state educators to tailor solutions to the unique needs of their students," Duncan said calling the concept "fundamentally flawed." Duncan was on Capitol Hill to both push for the reauthorization and revamping of the No Child Left Behind law, and to defend President Barack Obama's budget request for 2012. The 2012 budget request comes to $77.4 billion -- an increase of $4.5 billion over the 2011 request. Republicans on the committee questioned any increase in the budget in the current economic climate. Committee chairman Rep. John Kline, R-Minnesota, said in his opening remarks, "As we work to answer the question about the appropriate role for the federal government in education, one thing is for sure: it must be less costly and less intrusive." Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-California, asked the secretary if he though he could be successful without an increase in funding saying, "If you cut the right way and put the money into the systems that you know work, could you do that?" The education secretary answered, "We have to do that, anyway, and I continue to think we under-invest" compared to higher-performing countries.
highlights: Education Secretary Arne Duncan testifies before a congressional committee . Almost 40% of U.S. schools are not now meeting goals for "No Child Left Behind," he says . That could increase to 82%, he says . Because standards are increasingly higher, U.S. schools could already be at that level .
id: 157aefbf77f190656c80c0e2ba1b3083d204ea4f
chatgpt: Today, Education Secretary Arne Duncan testified before a congressional committee to address the growing concerns regarding the "No Child Left Behind" act. According to Duncan, around 40% of schools in the United States are currently not meeting the requirements set forth by the legislation. This number is alarming, especially since Duncan believes that this number could increase to a staggering 82%. The current standards and benchmarks set forth by the legislation are becoming increasingly higher, leading to the possibility that U.S. schools are already at that level. The "No Child Left Behind" act was signed 19 years ago, in 2001. The legislation was meant to hold schools accountable for the academic progress of their students, with the ultimate goal being for every student to meet grade-level proficiency. Schools that did not meet the requirements set forth by the legislation were subjected to sanctions, including a loss of funding and the possibility of being taken over by the state. According to Duncan, the legislation has achieved some success over its 19-year lifespan. Subgroups such as African American students, Hispanic students, and students with disabilities have all made significant gains under the act. However, there are still significant challenges that need to be addressed. One of the main challenges is the growing trend of "failing" schools. Schools that are failing to meet the goals set forth by the legislation are at risk of being penalized, which can be detrimental to their overall performance. Duncan believes that this trend could worsen, with the number of failing schools possibly increasing to 82%. This is because the standards and benchmarks set forth by the legislation are becoming increasingly higher. This means that many schools that were previously meeting the requirements may now be falling short. Duncan's testimony comes at a time when education is a hot button issue in the United States. With the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic forcing schools to close and switch to online learning, there are concerns that students could fall even further behind. The pandemic has highlighted the disparities in education across the country, with students in underprivileged areas being hit the hardest. To address these concerns, Duncan has called for more funding to be allocated to education. He believes that this is necessary for schools to meet the increasingly higher standards set forth by the legislation. He also believes that more resources need to be directed towards underprivileged areas, where the achievement gaps are the widest. In conclusion, the testimony from Education Secretary Arne Duncan highlights the challenges facing the "No Child Left Behind" act. With almost 40% of schools not meeting the requirements set forth by the legislation, there is cause for concern. The increasing standards and benchmarks set forth by the legislation only add to these concerns. However, with more funding allocated towards education and resources directed towards underprivileged areas, there is hope that the achievement gaps can be closed and all students can be given the opportunity to succeed.