article: MOGADISHU, Somalia (CNN) -- Fresh fighting between Ethiopian-backed government forces and Islamic insurgents in Somalia's capital city of Mogadishu reportedly killed at least 10 people Sunday, eyewitnesses said. A man walks past the rubble of a building destroyed in Sunday's fighting . The two sides pounded each other with artillery, sending children scurrying and bringing business at the city's main market to a standstill. "The fighting is so heavy and a barrage of mortar bombs is hitting many parts in Bakara market, killing people and causing heavy damages of buildings " said Ali Abdulkadir, a cloth trader at the city's main Bakara Market. Hawo Abdi Oman, another eyewitness at the market, said a shell landed in an area crowded with people, killing nine civilians. Among the dead, she said, were two children and four women. The market, a rebel stronghold, has been the site of numerous clashes since early last year. In a nearby neighborhood, Geed Jaceyl, a shell landed on a house, crushing it. A woman who was inside was killed, witnesses said. A second shell landed near a religious school, sending children running for cover. No one was injured in that incident. The presence of Ethiopian troops trying to help defend a transitional government's hold on Mogadishu has united Islamic militant groups seeking to gain control of the city. In 2006, the Islamic Courts Union -- a militia group -- ousted Somalia's transitional government from power. But the ICU was deposed in December of that year following Ethiopia's military invasion. Since then, insurgent groups have been trying to destabilize the government. Somalia's current transitional government is trying to maintain control of the capital, with the help of the better-equipped Ethiopian forces. The violence has displaced more than 40,000 civilians who have taken shelter in dozens of makeshift settlements west of Mogadishu. Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991, when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting. Sunday's fighting came a day after suspected insurgents killed a local reporter, who freelanced for the BBC and Reuters news agency. The national union of journalists in Somalia called the death of Nasteh Dahir Farah a "targeted assassination." He was the 10th reporter killed in the war-torn nation since last year. Farah, 36, was gunned down on his way home from work in the southern city of Kismayu, according to the National Union of Somali Journalists. -- Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .
highlights: Fighting between government forces and insurgents in Mogadishu kills at least 10 . Shell lands in an area crowded with people, killing a group of civilians . Women and children among the dead, according to witnesses .
id: 4fd99cca63541cabac99f26b34aee5ed2b735cb5
chatgpt: In Mogadishu, at least 10 people have been killed due to intense fighting between government forces and insurgents. The situation is being described as volatile, with the fighting continuing to escalate as each side tries to gain the upper hand. The conflict took a turn for the worse when a shell landed in an area that was crowded with people, killing a group of innocent civilians. According to witnesses on the scene, women and children were among the dead. It's unclear at this time who is responsible for the attack, but the incident has sparked outrage among the local population. In the wake of the attack, many are calling for an end to the violence, and for the perpetrators to be brought to justice. The situation in Mogadishu has been unstable for some time, with government forces and insurgents vying for control of the city. The fighting has taken a heavy toll on the civilian population, with many having to flee their homes in order to avoid being caught in the crossfire. Despite efforts to broker a ceasefire, the fighting has continued, taking a toll on both sides. The government has been criticized for its heavy-handed tactics, while the insurgents have been accused of using civilian areas as cover for their attacks. International organizations have called on both sides to prioritize the safety of civilians and to work towards a peaceful solution to the conflict. The latest attack on civilians has underscored the urgent need for action to be taken to stop the violence. Innocent men, women, and children should not have to bear the brunt of this conflict. The government and the insurgents must come together to find a way to end the violence and to create a stable and safe environment for the people of Mogadishu. Failure to do so will only lead to more loss of life and continued suffering for the people caught in the middle. As the situation continues to develop, the world watches and waits for a resolution. The people of Mogadishu are counting on their leaders to take action to bring an end to the violence and to ensure that they can live their lives in peace and security.