article: By . Zoe Szathmary for MailOnline . A New York state man went missing - with his daughter's fall wedding right around the corner. CBSNewYork reported that 62-year-old Raymond Locascio disappeared July 8 while driving to work.The Cornwall man's car was recovered at Bear Mountain State Park  - which his family told the affiliate station is in the opposite direction of his daily commute. Locascio's wife, Barbara Locascio, told the affiliate station she believes his diabetes may have been a factor - as opposed to the couple's foreclosed home. Scroll down for video . Missing: Raymond Locascio's disappearance has left his daughter Suzanne (left) and wife Barbara (right) shocked . Have you seen me? Raymond Locascio went missing July 8 . 'He’s a diabetic. He hadn’t had lunch. He works crazy hours. He had been up since two o' clock in the morning,' she said to the affiliate station. 'We went to high school, coll- you know - and kindergarten together,' she also revealed. 'So you know, he's my best friend.' She also said her husband 'was so excited' for his daughter Suzanne's nuptials. 'We talked about what song he would dance to with her,' she told CBSNewYork. Bride Suzanne Locascio expressed similar sentiments, when she revealed to the affiliate station that on the day of her father's disappearance, 'He actually called me and talked to me about, you know, his tux [he was sized for earlier that day]. And he was excited for it.' 'We have to keep hoping he's out there somewhere,' Suzanne also said. Raymond Loscasio was not footing the wedding bill, she told CBSNewYork. Locascio was reported by The Times Herald-Record as standing 5'10" tall and weighing between 200 and 215 pounds. Locascio's wife has said she thinks his diabetes may have been a factor .
highlights: Raymond Locascio, 62, disappeared July 8 while driving to work . His car was recovered at Bear Mountain State Park - which his family has said was in the opposite direction of his daily commute . Wife Barbara Locascio has said she believes his diabetes may have been a factor - as . opposed to the couple's foreclosed home . His daughter Suzanne - who is set to be married - has said her father was sized for his wedding tuxedo the day he disappeared . She also said her father was not footing the wedding bill .
id: 123f5315250988adfed923f29abeeb876fe6a729
chatgpt: The disappearance of Raymond Locascio, a 62-year-old man from New York, has left his family and friends in a state of unease. Mr. Locascio was last seen on July 8th, 2021, while driving to work. His car was later found at Bear Mountain State Park, which was in the opposite direction of his daily commute. Raymond's wife, Barbara Locascio, has stated that her husband's diabetes may have been a factor in his disappearance. However, others have speculated that his recent financial struggles and the foreclosure of their family home may have played a role. One of Raymond's daughters, Suzanne, who is soon to be married, has spoken publicly about her father's disappearance. She has said that her father was sized for his wedding tuxedo the very day he went missing, a fact that has left the family even more distraught. Suzanne has also made it clear that her father was not paying for the wedding. This information contradicts rumors that Raymond's financial difficulties may have contributed to his disappearance. The family is now urging anyone with information about Raymond's whereabouts to come forward. The local police department has launched a search and rescue operation to locate Mr. Locascio. The search efforts have been focused on the surrounding areas of the Bear Mountain State Park, the location where his car was found. However, as the days go by without any new leads, the situation becomes increasingly dire. The Locascio family has asked for privacy during this difficult time, but they also hope that sharing their story will encourage others to come forward with any information they may have about Raymond's whereabouts. As this story continues to unfold, the community remains on edge, hoping for a safe return of Mr. Locascio.