article: Scientists have worked out how an octopus avoids tying itself in knots. As if having eight long and bendy arms to control isn’t tricky enough, the octopus’ brain doesn’t know exactly where they are at any one time. Yet, despite the potential confusion, the creature doesn’t get all tangled up. This, say Israeli scientists, is because its arms will stick to just about anything - other than themselves. An octopus' brain doesn't know exactly its arms are at any one time. Yet, despite the potential confusion, the creature doesn't get all tangled up. This, say Israeli scientists, is because its arms will stick to just about anything - other than themselves. Stock image pictured . Octopuses . are believed to be highly intelligent, more so than any other kind of . invertebrates; but their learning capability is still much debated among . biologists. The . creatures have been known to break out of aquariums and into others in . search of food, and they have even boarded fishing boats and opened . holds to eat crabs stored inside. They . are the only invertebrate which has been shown to use tools, with some . species retrieving discarded coconut shells . and reassembling them to use as shelter. In . tests they can be readily trained to distinguish . between different shapes and patterns. It is thought the suckers that stud its arms temporarily shut down on sensing a chemical made by its skin. The Hebrew University of Jerusalem researchers said: ‘We were entirely surprised by the brilliant and simple solution of the octopus to this potentially very complicated problem.’ The team from the university’s Octopus Research Group began by capitalising on the ability of the octopus’s arm to stay alive long after amputation. Despite being able to move, grab and suck, amputated arms failed to attach to other arms – as long as they had skin on them. If they had been skinned, they happily grabbed hold of them. A close-up image of an octopus' suckers. They temporarily shut down if they sense a chemical on the octopus' skin. During tests the researchers said amputated arms still moved and grabbed after they'd been removed, but they failed to attach to other arms as long as they had skin on them . And when presented with skin in a plastic dish, they stuck to the dish but not to the skin. Further experiments pointed to a substance made by the skin stopping the suckers from sucking. Finally, the researchers showed that living octopuses can override the anti-knotting mechanism. The journal Current Biology reports that this could be useful if the cannibalistic creatures spy a piece of octopus flesh they’d like to eat .
highlights: An octopus’ brain doesn’t know where each of its arms are at any one time . But, despite the potential confusion, the creature doesn’t get tangled up . Israeli scientists found this is because its suckers can't stick to themselves . They temporarily shut down if they sense chemicals on an octopus' skin . Researchers said amputated arms still grab after they’ve been removed . But they fail to attach to other arms as long as they have skin on them . Once the skin is removed, the arms grab, move and stick like normal .
id: a6a9b321e0a6ca6fe059268a7ebe5872f0ad85a7
chatgpt: Israeli scientists have conducted a study on the octopus and its remarkable ability to not get tangled up in its own arms despite not being aware of their location at any given time. The study found that the octopus' suckers have a unique adaptation that prevents them from sticking to each other. The team of researchers found that if chemicals were present on the octopus' skin, the suckers would temporarily shut down. This prevented the creature from accidentally sticking together and becoming tangled up. This discovery sheds light on how the octopus is able to maneuver and navigate its surroundings with such agility and precision. Moreover, the study found that even amputated arms of an octopus retain the ability to grab onto things after they have been removed, but they fail to attach to other arms as long as they have skin on them. Once the skin is removed, the arms grab, move and stick like normal. This suggests that the skin plays a crucial role in the octopus' ability to prevent itself from becoming entangled. The team of researchers believe that these findings could have significant implications for the field of robotics. The octopus' ability to navigate and manipulate its environment without getting tangled has been a challenge for engineers, and this new understanding of the creature's adaptive mechanisms could inspire innovative solutions for robotic design. The study was conducted by scientists from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and was published in the Journal of Experimental Biology. The team used a variety of laboratory experiments to observe the octopus and its interactions with its environment, including its arms. While the octopus' ability to prevent itself from getting tangled may seem like a minor feat, it is actually quite impressive. The creature has eight arms, each with hundreds of suckers, and its lack of a central nervous system means that its brain is not able to keep track of the location of each arm at all times. However, the octopus' adaptation with its suckers and skin allows it to move with incredible precision and efficiency. These findings underscore the incredible adaptability of the natural world and highlight the importance of studying and understanding the complex mechanisms at work in the animal kingdom. In conclusion, this research has revealed some fascinating insights into the workings of the octopus and its impressive navigational abilities. The creature's unique adaptations could inspire new innovations in the field of robotics and highlight the incredible creativity of nature. Further research will undoubtedly yield even more exciting findings about one of the most intriguing creatures in the animal kingdom.