article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 19:00 EST, 6 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:12 EST, 7 July 2013 . Sometimes one has to wonder if too much sun is baking . Floridians’ brains. A Florida road sign spelled the state’s name wrong, not . once, but twice. To make matters even worse, the sign spelling the state’s . name wrong twice was actually for an exit to two separate colleges – Florida State . College and the University of North Florida. Perhaps the person(s) who made the sign would benefit from an English course or two. Flordia: An out-of-state contractor spelled 'Florida' wrong twice on a single road sign . The sign somehow made it out onto I-95 near Jacksonville, . FL, according to Fox Orlando. But wait! There’s more! The state department of . transportation blamed the spelling error on an out-of-state contractor, . according to the station, whose news anchors expressed outrage over Florida . having road signs made out of state and said that raises more questions than . the one it answered. User error: The sign was spotted on I-95 near Jacksonville . This isn’t the only road sign spelling error discovered this week. A road sign west of Philadelphia, PA spelled the name of a . town hilariously wrong. Spelled Ephrata, the exit for the town off a local . highway reads ‘Epharta. The town’s name is routinely spelled wrong, according . to NBC Philadelphia. At least in this instance the sign was made in-state, by . the state department of transportation, according to the station. Ephrata: The town's name was spelled hilariously wrong on a road sign west of Philadelphia . Both signs will be replaced, according to reports. This is the second time Florida State College has found its . way into the national spotlight in recent memory. Last month a student at the school . made national headlines after demanding a change to a policy prohibiting her . from breastfeeding her infant on-campus during a final exam.
highlights: The sign was made by an out-of-state contractor . Another misspelled sign was also discovered this week west of Philadelphia .
id: 59a710a9280e50bdb9c8b12a1ef73bc585354065
chatgpt: An out-of-state contractor hired to create a sign in Pennsylvania has left some residents scratching their heads. The sign, located just outside of a major shopping mall, contains a blatant misspelling. Instead of "Welcome," the word is spelled "Welcone." Residents and visitors alike have taken to social media to express their confusion and amusement about the sign. Many wonder how such a mistake could have been made. Some are calling for the contractor to be held accountable for their error, while others are simply amused by the situation. Unfortunately, this is not the first misspelled sign to be discovered in the area this week. Another sign, located west of Philadelphia, was also found to contain a mistake. This time, the misspelling was even more egregious, with "Philedelphia" appearing on the sign instead of "Philadelphia." It is unclear if the two incidents are related or if they are simply a coincidence. However, the frequency of spelling errors in signage has led some to question the quality of work being done by contractors in the area. Local officials have stated that they will be investigating both incidents to determine if any action needs to be taken. They have also asked for the public's help in identifying any other misspelled signs that may be in the area. Despite the frustration and confusion caused by these spelling errors, some are taking the incidents in stride. One resident joked that the signs are simply a way to keep people on their toes and ensure that they are paying attention while driving. Regardless of how the misspellings are viewed, it is clear that they have caught the attention of many in the area. Whether they are a sign of a larger problem with contractors or simply an amusing coincidence, only time will tell.