article: By . Marc Weinreich . The makers of 'Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby' have forced a Texas restaurant to change its name because it was too similar in appearance to the 2006 Will Ferrell comedy. Ricky Bobby’s Sports Saloon -- which opened last summer and is owned by Houston-based strip club operator Rick's Cabaret International -- has changed its name to Pole-Position Sports Saloon and Restaurant, and Columbia Pictures, which owns the movie, will collect $20,000 from the lawsuit. Before: Ricky Bobby's Sports Saloon was 'uniquely identifiable with the movie,' film execs said . After: The Pole Position Sports Saloon and Restaurant is the new name after the owners settled a $20,000 lawsuit brought by Columbia Pictures . The racy racing-themed restaurant features scantly clad waitresses, 'smokin hotties,' as well as a sign that read, 'If you ain't first' - both movie references. The Hollywood executives felt that those examples were 'uniquely identifiable' with the 2006 film 'Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby' and filed the lawsuit in Houston federal court in March, The Star-Telegram reported. In the movie, the NASCAR-driving title character, played by Will Ferrell, lives by the mantra passed down to him by his father, 'If you ain't first, you're last.' The comedy co-stars John C. Reilly and documents Ricky Bobby's fall from grace and his comeback. Ironically, Ferrell's character says in the 2006 film, 'that there is trademarked, not to be used without written permission of Ricky Bobby Inc.' Irony: The title character, played by Will Ferrell (left), says at one point in the 2006 movie, 'That there is trademarked, not to be used without written permission of Ricky Bobby Inc.' An official with Rick's Cabaret . International said he will not comment on legal matters. Columbia . Pictures did not respond to phone calls from the Star-Telegram seeking a . comment. The settlement was announced by Rick's Cabaret International during a quarterly sales call in July. The movie earned approximately $47 million during its opening weekend in 2006, marking the second highest opening weekend ever for an original comedy, Columbia Pictures said in the lawsuit.
highlights: Columbia Pictures, which owns 'Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby,' filed the lawsuit in March against Ricky Bobby's Sports Saloon . The restaurant, which is owned by strip club operator Rick's Cabaret, changed its name Pole-Position Sports Saloon and Restaurant . Ricky Bobby featured racing decor and scantly clad waitresses called 'smokin' hotties' The 2006 Will Ferrell movie had 'the second-highest opening weekend in history for an original comedy' - approximately $47 million in ticket sales .
id: 3588b640581568363ed4892c7801301ae5b6b0db
chatgpt: Columbia Pictures has filed a lawsuit against a sports bar named Pole-Position Sports Saloon and Restaurant. The establishment was previously known as the Ricky Bobby's Sports Saloon which featured racing decor and scantily clad waitresses that were called 'smokin' hotties.' The restaurant is owned by strip club operator Rick's Cabaret. Ricky Bobby's Sports Saloon, which inspired by the 2006 Will Ferrell movie 'Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.' The film had the second-highest opening weekend for an original comedy, earning approximately $47 million in ticket sales. The lawsuit, which was filed in March, alleged that the restaurant infringed on the studio's trademark, citing confusion among its customers because of its similarity in name to the movie, 'Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby'. Columbia Pictures contended that Rick's Cabaret had attempted to exploit their movie, which was a major success when it was released in 2006. Columbia Pictures owns the rights to the widely popular movie, which made over $163 million in global box office revenue, making it a significant brand. The lawsuit claimed that it was 'no coincidence' that the owner of the restaurant had chosen the name Ricky Bobby to cash in on the success of the movie, especially when the establishment had previously been called by that name. Moreover, the lawsuit claimed that Rick's Cabaret, which owns and operates the Pole-Position Sports Saloon and Restaurant, had previously been sued for trademark infringement by the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) as they had infringed on the governing body's name and logo. The suit also pointed out that Rick's Cabaret had previously been sued for trademark infringement by a chain of similar restaurants. Columbia Pictures is seeking compensation for damages, including all profits generated by Rick's Cabaret, arising from any association or confusion with the Talladega Nights movie brand. The studio is also requesting that the restaurant change its name and any other source of confusion on any products or services. The lawsuit exemplifies the importance of trademarks and the protection of intellectual property rights, especially in the entertainment industry. It shows how companies go to great lengths to safeguard their brands, especially if they feel that their valuable assets are being exploited or diluted. The case is ongoing, and it remains to be seen how it will end.