article: It was a dramatic night of football at the Emirates as Arsene Wenger's side contrived to give away a three goal lead and draw with Belgian side Anderlecht. Arsenal were cruising after 58 minutes thanks to Mikel Arteta, Alexis Sanchez and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain but in the final 30 minutes crumbled and conceded three goals. Here, Sportsmail's Rob Draper gives his verdict on how the players performed on Tuesday. Arsenal (4-2-3-1) Wojciech Szczesny - 6 . Sharp enough early on to save Arsenal from falling behind. Calum Chambers - 5 . Beaten by Kawaya for the first Anderlecht goal. Looked a weak link. Per Mertesacker - 5.5 . Steady early on - but terribly weak to allow Mitrovic the equalising header. Per Mertesacker (right) tackles . Nacho Monreal - 5.5 . Never 100 per cent certain and exposed when he gave penalty away. Kieran Gibbs - 6.6 . A quieter game, but dependable. Consistently the best in the back four. Mikel Arteta - 6 . Great penalty - but early on there were large gaps in front of the back four. Mikel Arteta opened scoring for Arsenal with a chipped penalty . Aaron Ramsey - 5.5 . Endeavour is there but still yet to reach the heights of last season. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain - 7 . Excellent form. Great finish for his goal and always injecting pace and momentum. Alexis Sanchez - 8.5 . Superb. Involved in all three goals, never stops battling and a phenomenal finished. Alexis Sanchez shoots and scores Arsenal's second goal with a volley from 20 yards . Santi Cazorla - 6.5 . Busy and unerringly accurate. Rarely has a poor game. Danny Welbeck - 6 . Started brightly. Offers an outlet and troubles opponents, as he proved when he won his marginal penalty. Faded a little. Subs . Flamini 6 (for Arteta 63) Rosicky 6 (for Oxlade-Chamberlain 82) Podolski 6 (for Welbeck 82) Anderlecht (4-2-3-1) Proto 6; Vandenborre 6, Mbemba 6.5, Deschacht 5.5, Acheampong 6.5 ; Tielemans 6, Kjestan 6; Najar 7, Praet 6.5, Conte, 5.5; Cyriac 5.5 . Subs: Kawaya 7 (for Conte 46), Dendoncker 6.5 (for Mbemba 54), Mitrovic 7 (for Cyriac 62)
highlights: Arsenal's defenders had a poor game with Calum Chambers struggling . Alexis Sanchez and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are Arsenal's best players . Aaron Ramsey made first start since September but was quiet .
id: 1dd6e25615ab2c6bd263b2f8c71e24c1b15fcba3
chatgpt: Arsenal's match against Southampton on Wednesday night was a disappointment for the London club, with their defenders especially struggling. Calum Chambers looked shaky in his first appearance in the starting lineup since August, and Laurent Koscielny and Per Mertesacker didn't look any better. Despite the poor performance from the defenders, Alexis Sanchez and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain were bright spots for Arsenal. Sanchez looked dangerous with the ball at his feet, while Oxlade-Chamberlain provided a constant threat down the right-hand side. The two players were the most reliable attacking options for Arsenal during the match, and it's clear that they'll need to continue to play well if Arsenal are going to have a successful season. Another positive for Arsenal was the return of Aaron Ramsey to the starting lineup, his first appearance since September. However, Ramsey was relatively quiet during his time on the field and didn't have much of an impact on the game. With Jack Wilshere still out injured, Arsenal will need Ramsey to step up and provide some creativity in the midfield. Overall, it was a frustrating result for Arsenal, who were hoping to pick up three points against a struggling Southampton side. The draw leaves them six points behind league leaders Manchester City, and they'll need to pick up their form if they're going to mount a serious title challenge this season. Manager Arsene Wenger was critical of the team's performance after the match, saying, "Our build-up play wasn't good enough tonight. Our defenders struggled, and we didn't create enough chances going forward. We need to be better than that if we're going to compete at the highest level." Arsenal will look to bounce back this weekend when they take on West Ham in the Premier League. They'll need to be at their best if they're going to pick up three points and close the gap on the league leaders.