article: A man jailed for killing Baby P has been released from prison three months early and been given a new identity funded by the taxpayer despite still being considered a danger to the public. Jason Owen received a six year jail sentence for allowing the toddler to die at his home in Tottenham, north London on August 3, 2007. Owen received a six-year jail term and had been earlier released on licence in 2011 but was recalled to prison after breaching the terms of the agreement. Jason Owen, left,  changed his name upon his release from prison and is currently in a bail hostel, Baby P's mother Tracey Connelly, right, has also changed her name following her release in November 2013 . A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice said: 'The independent Parole Board will direct the re-release of recalled offenders only once the Board are satisfied they can be safely managed in the community. 'Serious offenders on licence are subject to a strict set of conditions which can include restrictions on their movements, as well as frequent meetings with their offender manager. 'When released from prison, offenders managed through Multi Agency Public Protection Arrangements (MAPPA) will be risk assessed, monitored and supervised by Probation, Police and other agencies.' It is understood that Owen is living in a bail hostel in the south of England under an assumed name. However, he will be moving into a taxpayer funded bedsit in the coming weeks. The 42-year-old criminal was under constant threat from fellow inmates in prison because of the nature of his conviction. Peter Connelly, (Baby P), suffered 50 separate injuries before his death in August 2007 . Stephen Barker, pictured is the only one of Baby P's killers to still be in prison serving a 12-year sentence . Owen was addicted to crack cocaine and had previous convictions for arson. At the time of Peter Connelly's death, Owen was living at the house with his brother Stephen Barker and the baby's mother Tracey Connelly. Criminal justice expert Harry Fletcher told the Sunday Mirror: 'The reason he was let out early was not because he is no longer a danger or for leniency but so he can be supervised. 'Probation officers will monitor him closely for the coming weeks to try to minimise the risk of reoffending. The 17-month-old toddler received more than 50 separate injuries including a broken back. His body was recovered from a blood spattered cot. His mother Tracey Connelly was released from prison in November 2013. She tried to secure an anonymity order similar to the one secured by Maxine Carr, Robert Thompson, Jon Venables and Mary Bell. Stephen Barker was sentenced to 12 years in prison for killing Baby P. He later received a 10 year jail term for raping a two-year-old girl .
highlights: Jason Owen received a six-year jail term for his role in Baby P's death . The crack addict had earlier been released in 2011 but had been recalled . Owen is believed to have changed his name to avoid public abuse .
id: c943486753d3a94cb226fe31174493d80f08b4ab
chatgpt: Jason Owen, convicted of his part in the death of Baby P, has been sentenced to six years in prison following his recall to jail. The crack addict was previously released in 2011 after serving just three years of a six-year sentence. He had been recalled to prison after breaching the conditions of his release. Owen was one of three people found guilty of playing a role in the death of Baby P, a 17-month-old boy whose real name was Peter Connelly. The child suffered prolonged physical abuse at the hands of his mother, Tracey Connelly, her boyfriend, Steven Barker, and Owen. The abuse included being beaten, burnt with cigarettes, and having his spine snapped in two. During the trial, Owen was described as a "passive participant" who failed to act on the warning signs of Peter's deteriorating health. He was also found guilty of trying to cover up the abuse by lying to police and social workers. Following his release in 2011, Owen changed his name in an attempt to avoid public abuse. He was sentenced under his new name, which cannot be reported for legal reasons. The judge, Mrs. Justice Laura Cox, said that Owen's crimes were "grave" and that he had betrayed the trust placed in him as a carer. Peter's death in 2007 sent shockwaves throughout the UK, prompting widespread outrage and calls for reform in the child protection system. A report by the Serious Case Review in 2009 found that Peter had been let down by multiple agencies, including social workers, doctors, and police. In response to the review, the UK government introduced a range of measures to improve child protection, including the establishment of a new agency, the National Independent Safeguarding Board. The Board is responsible for ensuring that child protection services are working effectively and that children are not put at risk of abuse. Despite these reforms, cases of child abuse and neglect continue to occur in the UK. In 2020, the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) reported that the number of child abuse and neglect cases referred to local authorities had increased by 43% over the previous five years. The NSPCC called for continued investment in child protection services to prevent further tragedies like that of Baby P. Owen's sentence sends a strong message that those found guilty of child abuse will be held accountable for their actions. However, it also highlights the need for ongoing efforts to improve child protection and prevent future cases of abuse and neglect.