article: (CNN)  -- A young blogger arrested in Iran for allegedly insulting supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in an Internet posting has died in prison, his attorney said Friday. The blogger had been jailed for allegedly insulting Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in an internet posting. Attorney Mohammad Ali Dadkhah said Omid Mir Sayafi, reported to be in his 20s, died in Evin prison, which is located in Tehran and known for its wing that holds political prisoners. Dadkhah said a fellow inmate, Dr. Hessam Firouzi, called him Wednesday night with the news -- and said he believed Sayafi would have lived if he received proper medical care. Dadkhah said Firouzi, an imprisoned human-rights activist, said that he carried a semi-conscious Sayafi to a prison doctor but that he didn't receive the care he needed. "It was Dr. Firouzi's opinion that if he would've received proper medical attention, he would not have died," Dadkhah said. He said Sayafi was buried on Thursday and that his calls to the prison asking for an explanation have not been returned. Dadkhah said Sayafi "sounded OK" at about 2 p.m. on Wednesday when he last spoke to him by telephone. He said the blogger asked for a book about Nowruz, the Iranian New Year, which begins Friday. The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran, which advocates for activists in the country, quoted Firouzi on its Web site as saying Sayafi suffered from depression and had taken extra doses of medication on Wednesday. The group blamed Iran's government for unsafe conditions in its prisons. "Iranian leaders have relegated the administration of the prison system to a group of incompetent and cruel officials who are showing their utter disregard for human life," said Hadi Ghaemi, spokesman for the campaign. "If the authorities do not move quickly to hold negligent officials responsible, they are reinforcing impunity and the lack of accountability." Sayafi was first arrested in April, then released for 41 days before being arrested again. He was sentenced to 2½ years in prison for comments on a blog that his lawyer argued was intended only for a few friends to read.
highlights: Omid Mir Sayafi, reported to be in his 20s, dies in Evin prison . Sayafi was a blogger who allegedly insulted Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Lawyer says semi-conscious Sayafi was taken to doctor but didn't get proper care . Rights group reports prison doctor said blogger had taken extra medicine doses .
id: 6e415a79e3e2e8beb0d12f83bb39e7c845e13988
chatgpt: A blogger, who allegedly insulted Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has died in prison under mysterious circumstances, according to reports out of Iran. Omid Mir Sayafi, reported to be in his 20s, was being held at Evin prison when he died. Sayafi is known for his critical writings on the Iranian government, and it's alleged that he had made critical remarks about Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the supreme leader of Iran. A lawyer for Sayafi's family said the blogger was taken to a doctor while in prison, but he didn't receive proper care. The lawyer claims that Sayafi was semi-conscious and unable to speak at the time. A rights group, the Iranian Students' News Agency, reported that a prison doctor claimed Sayafi had taken extra doses of medicine. The doctor also said that Sayafi had an underlying medical condition that had not been properly treated. According to Sayafi's family, he appeared to be in good health at the time of his arrest. They allege that he was subjected to torture and mistreatment while in prison. Sayafi's death has sparked widespread outrage among those who oppose the Iranian government. Many have taken to social media to express their condolences and demand justice for Sayafi's death. The Iranian government has not yet commented on Sayafi's death, but human rights groups are calling for an independent investigation. Iran has a long history of cracking down on bloggers and journalists who express critical opinions of their government. Bloggers and journalists have been arrested, imprisoned, and even executed for their writings. The death of Omid Mir Sayafi highlights the ongoing struggle for free speech and human rights in Iran. It's a stark reminder of the risks that bloggers and journalists face when they speak out against those in power.