article: (CNN) -- Kevin DuBrow, the lead singer of the 1980s heavy metal band Quiet Riot, has died, CNN has confirmed. He was 52. Kevin DuBrow and Quiet Riot hit No. 1 with "Metal Health" in 1983. DuBrow died at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada, according to TMZ.com. The Clark County coroner's office was examining the body to determine the cause of death, according to TMZ. "I'm at a loss for words. I've just lost my best friend," Quiet Riot drummer Frankie Banali told CNN. "Out of respect for both Kevin and his family, I won't comment further. There's going to be a lot of speculation out there, and I won't add to that. I love him too much." Quiet Riot hit the top of the charts with its 1983 album, "Metal Health," considered by some sources as the first heavy metal album to hit No. 1. The album was driven by the group's cover of Slade's "Cum on Feel the Noize," which hit the Top 40. The band's other hits included "Bang Your Head (Metal Health)" and another Slade cover, "Mama Weer All Crazee Now." The band formed in the mid-1970s behind DuBrow and guitarist Randy Rhoads, who later joined Ozzy Osbourne's band and died in a tour accident. After several years, during which time the band disbanded, regrouped and built an audience, everything came together for "Metal Health," which put Quiet Riot in the vanguard of the Los Angeles heavy metal movement. But the band's rushed follow-up, "Condition Critical," didn't do as well, and DuBrow started taking shots at other L.A. bands, such as Motley Crue and Ratt, according to Allmusic.com. Within a few years, the band had mutinied (leaving DuBrow at a hotel in Hawaii while other members returned to California, Allmusic's Eduardo Rivadavia observes) and taken on a new lead singer. The bad blood prompted a lawsuit from DuBrow. By the 1990s tempers had calmed and the band got together again, putting out a live album in 1999 and a new studio set, "Guilty Pleasures," in 2001. The group's most recent album, "Rehab," came out last year. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this story.
highlights: Kevin DuBrow died in Las Vegas home, according to TMZ.com . DuBrow was lead singer of Quiet Riot . Band hit No. 1 in 1983 with album "Metal Health"
id: ada367c7d427bb23a71aa8110103b84408ab4e88
chatgpt: Sources have confirmed that Kevin DuBrow, the lead singer of heavy metal band Quiet Riot, has passed away. According to TMZ.com, DuBrow was found dead in his home in Las Vegas on Sunday. DuBrow's death has sent shockwaves through the music industry and among fans of Quiet Riot. The band was formed in 1973 and rose to prominence in the 1980s, releasing several albums and becoming one of the most popular bands of the era. It was with their album "Metal Health" that Quiet Riot hit the top of the charts in 1983. The album went on to sell millions of copies and solidified the band's status as one of the leading forces in the world of heavy metal. DuBrow was an iconic figure in the world of rock music, known for his distinctive voice and energetic stage presence. He was widely respected by his peers and adored by his fans, who were devastated by the news of his passing. Tributes have been pouring in from across the music world, with many expressing their sadness and shock at DuBrow's death. Ozzy Osbourne, who was a close friend of DuBrow's, said in a statement, "I am absolutely devastated to hear about the passing of my dear friend Kevin DuBrow. He was an incredible talent and an absolute joy to be around. He will be sorely missed." Quiet Riot released several more albums after "Metal Health," but none achieved the same level of success. Despite this, the band continued to tour and perform, delighting audiences around the world with their high-energy shows. DuBrow's death marks the end of an era in the world of rock music. He will be remembered as a true pioneer and one of the greatest voices in the history of heavy metal. Our thoughts and condolences go out to his family, friends, and fans during this difficult time.