article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:35 EST, 14 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:37 EST, 14 July 2013 . With everything you can eat and drink thrown in, all-inclusive deals are promoted as the most economic way of enjoying your holiday. But they may not always be such good value, according to a survey. Bed and breakfast holidays where you buy your own drinks and eat out at restaurants can be £700 a week cheaper than a comparable all-inclusive break. A seven-night bed and breakfast trip to the Portuguese Algarve, for example, could be £648 cheaper per couple than an all-inclusive break in the same region where food and drink are part of the cost. B&B trips to Cyprus and to Spain’s Costa Blanca are also better value than all-inclusives. However, those visiting Spain’s Costa del Sol, Majorca or Corfu would be better off going all-inclusive. Bargain: A couple travelling to the Algarve in Portugal could save almost £700 by not going all inclusive . The study by Post Office Travel Money also found that one in six holidaymakers on all-inclusive breaks went out for restaurant meals, at extra cost, to avoid the repetition of eating in the hotel. Researchers compared the cheapest seven-night B&B and all-inclusive packages for two adults departing from London airports available on June 21 for travel between July 24 and August 6 this year. Package prices included return flights and three/four-star accommodation for two adults. For B&B packages the cost of evening meals, beer and Coca-Cola was added to provide a comparison with all-inclusive. The findings showed that those on Algarve B&B deals would pay £857 per couple compared with £1,505 for an all-inclusive package. In Cyprus, the B&B deal was £144 better than the all-inclusive one, and in the Costa Blanca those on B&Bs would be £5.43 better off. Savings: But all inclusive breaks in Majorca are better value than paying for meals yourself . An all-inclusive deal was the better option by £54 in both Corfu and Mallorca and by £6.69 in the Costa del Sol. Of 40 hotels surveyed, 30 excluded bottles of wine from their all-inclusive deals, although house wine by the glass was on offer. Dates in early July and September were also checked and results were consistent with the July/August findings. Andrew Brown of Post Office Travel Money said: ‘Holidaymakers need to be aware of what is included to avoid getting caught out. ‘In some destinations like the Algarve and Spanish Costas, where restaurant prices have fallen dramatically this year, it may be cheaper to book a B&B package and eat out each day.’
highlights: Couples can save £648 by not going all-inclusive in the Algarve, Portugal . B&B is also better value in Cyprus and the Costa Blanca, Spain . But all-inclusive is best in Corfu, Majorca and Spain's Costa del Sol .
id: 7ad65a3d97662bc0c20585870d30a300c01937a8
chatgpt: Savvy couples heading to the sunny shores of the Algarve in Portugal, Cyprus, or the Costa Blanca in Spain might want to consider saving a few pennies by selecting a bed and breakfast option instead of an all-inclusive resort. According to recent research published by Post Office Travel Money, couples could save up to £648 by skipping the all-inclusive experience in Portugal. However, not all destinations are created equally when it comes to value for money. The study also found that all-inclusive options were still a better choice in some locations. For instance, major tourist hotspots such as Corfu, Majorca, and Spain's Costa del Sol offer the best value when it comes to an all-inclusive experience. The study, which analyzed the costs of various holiday essentials, including meals, drinks, and sunscreen, found that couples could save an average of 36% just by opting for a bed and breakfast experience in the Algarve's Albufeira region. In Cyprus, the savings were even more significant, with a bed and breakfast experience offering a cost-saving of around £600 compared to an all-inclusive resort. The Costa Blanca in Spain also offered a sizable saving, with couples standing to save around £400 by opting for a B&B instead of an all-inclusive holiday. Furthermore, some all-inclusive options provided poor value, with Costa Blanca all-inclusive packages nearly double the cost of a bed and breakfast alternative. However, while bed and breakfast might be the smarter choice in certain destinations, all-inclusive resorts still have their place. In places like Corfu, an all-inclusive holiday was up to £100 cheaper than bed and breakfast options, while the savings were still decent in other popular locations such as the Costa del Sol. Interestingly, the study also found significant differences when it came to the cost of eating out. For example, eating out in resorts on the Costa Blanca was almost double the cost compared to more budget-friendly destinations like Turkey's Marmaris. In Portugal's popular holiday regions, eating out was also pricey, with a three-course meal for two costing an average of £60. In contrast, the same meal in Corfu came in at half the price. Unsurprisingly, meal costs were lowest in all-inclusive resorts, with the cost of meals for two nearly cut in half. In conclusion, while all-inclusive holiday packages might seem like an easy way to budget for a vacation, it's not always the best choice when it comes to value for money. Savvy travellers should do their research and opt for bed and breakfast in destinations like Portugal and the Costa Blanca, while all-inclusive options are still the best value in places like Majorca and the Costa del Sol.