article: Thorbjorn Olesen sealed his second career European Tour title on Sunday with a final-round 71 to see off the challenge of Victor Dubuisson at the Perth International. The 24-year-old Dane took a three-shot lead into the final day at Lake Karrinyup Country Club, and eventually held on to win by as many strokes from Dubuisson. The Frenchman signed for a closing 66 to finish in outright second after a bogey-free round that featured six birdies. Thorbjorn Olesen poses with the trophy after winning the Perth International with a final score of 17 under par . Olesen, pictured teeing off on the 17th green, went on to win the tournament at Lake Karrinyup by three shots . Olesen was one over through 12 holes, but birdied the 13th and 15th to regain a commanding lead and eventually finish at 17 under. The win marked Olesen's second title on the European circuit after his maiden breakthrough at the Sicilian Open in April 2012. 'It was tough - they were not easy conditions today,' the world number 130 said on www.europeantour.com. 'I missed a few short putts today in the middle of the round and I think that the lead got down to one shot, but I was just thinking about getting my round back to under par, keeping focused, and seeing if I could make a few birdies coming in. Runner-up Victor Dubuisson of France marks his card on the 18th fairway during the final round . Dubuisson's final round of 66 was not enough to catch winner Olesen as he settled for second place . 'It was a tough day but it was worth it - that walk down 18 was beautiful. 'My driving and a couple of three woods were off line, which made it tricky, but I made some great putts coming in. 'It's been a couple of years since I won last time, so this gives me a lot of confidence and belief for the last bit of the season.' Mark Foster claimed third place on 12 under after a 69, one shot ahead of a group of five tied for fourth - fellow Englishman James Morrison (73), Scot David Drysdale (71), Dane Lucas Bjerregaard (70), American Steve Dartnall (70) and Australian Matthew Griffin (67). Englishman Mark Foster (above) finished third on 12 under after shooting a final round of 69 . James Morrison (left), who finished in a group of five tied for fourth, congratulates winner Olesen on the 18th . Morrison bogeyed the 18th to lose outright fourth place. South Africa's Charl Schwartzel could not launch a late challenge, shooting a level-par 72 to finish his week at nine under overall in a tie for 15th. It was a final round to forget for Scotland's Scott Jamieson as he strung together three consecutive double-bogeys from holes two through four before throwing in another five bogeys to post an 81.
highlights: Thorbjorn Olesen took a three-shot lead into final round at Lake Karrinyup . The Dane finished the tournament on 17 under par after final round of 71 . The victory marked the 24-year-old's second European Tour title . Victor Dubuisson shot 66 on the final day to clinch second place . The Frenchman eventually finished three shots behind winner Olesen .
id: cd1702d7c1b747be06bc65759a25e79a99fde0d6
chatgpt: Thorbjorn Olesen of Denmark claimed victory at the ISPS Handa Perth International on Sunday, after carding a final round score of 71 to finish on a total of 17 under par. The win marked the 24-year-old golfer's second European Tour title. Olesen had taken a three-shot lead heading into the final round at Lake Karrinyup, and although he saw that lead cut to just one shot on a couple of occasions, he was able to steady himself and hold off the opposition. Victor Dubuisson of France finished in second place, three shots adrift of Olesen, after shooting the best score of the final day with a 66. Dubuisson had a rollercoaster week, including a 9-under 63 on Saturday, but wasn't quite able to produce enough birdies on Sunday to catch the Dane. Prior to his first win on the European Tour earlier this season in Sicily, Olesen had been very consistent on the circuit without managing to get over the finish line. But now that he has that first win under his belt, he looks to be playing with a new-found confidence and composure. It wasn't all plain sailing for Olesen on Sunday though, as he found himself in trouble on a few occasions. It was his ability to scramble and get up-and-down when required that proved to be the difference in the end. On the 14th, he hit his approach shot into a greenside bunker and was faced with a tough lie. However, he played a superb explosion shot that trickled in for a birdie, which turned out to be a pivotal moment in the round. Speaking after his victory, Olesen was delighted to have come out on top in a field filled with such quality players. "I'm obviously very happy to have won this tournament. It was tough out there today, and the conditions were a little tricky. But I managed to keep it together and get the job done. It's always great to win, and to do it against such a strong field is very satisfying." While Olesen will be basking in the glory of his victory, the tournament also provided a big boost for Dubuisson. The Frenchman has had a slow start to the season by his standards, but a strong showing at the ISPS Handa Perth International will give him plenty of encouragement for the events to come. All in all, it was a great week for golf at Lake Karrinyup, with a top-class field producing some scintillating golf. However, it was Thorbjorn Olesen who came out on top, and the Dane will be hoping to carry this form into the upcoming events on the European Tour schedule.