article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 10 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:19 EST, 11 September 2013 . The Government has misunderstood the ways in which paedophiles target their victims and is wrong to focus on tackling online child abuse, according to the former head of the UK's internet child protection agency. Jim Gamble has claimed that Prime Minister David Cameron's attack on Google when he called for firms to block images of child abuse was because the internet giant is not paying enough tax in the UK. He claimed that there is a 'fundamental lack of understanding' about paedophiles and called for a new approach to tackling abuse. Outspoken: Jim Gamble, former head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre, has criticised the Government for misunderstanding how paedophiles target their victims . Mr Gamble, who resigned as boss of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Service three years ago, suggested that the Government should expand the use of lie detector tests on people arrested for downloading child pornography to see if they have carried out further offences. His comments came amid concerns of the relatively low success rates in identifying serial offenders. 'Wrong': Prime Minister David Cameron singled out Google when calling for search engines to do more to stop images of child abuse . Convicted paedophiles will be given a . lie detector test as standard when they are released from prison to help . assess the risk whether they still pose any risk. But Mr Gamble says that the Government have missed an opportunity to invest on further research into paedophilia. According to The Independent, he told a conference in Belfast that the debate was too focused on Google and search terms rather than paedophilia itself. 'The advice to the Prime minister is bad from people who clearly don't understand the first thing about the internet and child protection. 'We are now focusing on Google rather than investing in greater research: why they do it, when they do it. Why? Google don't pay enough tax.' Mr Cameron was criticised by industry experts in July when he called for search engines to introduce a pop-up warning if people enter search phrases such as 'child porn'. Internet firms said that the move would not stop people sharing images. Downing Street said that targeting online search engines is just one way to tackle the issue of child abuse. Witch-hunt: Mr Gamble claims that Google was singled out for criticism because it doesn't pay enough UK tax .
highlights: Cameron called for pop-up warnings when people search for illegal images . Jim Gamble says PM's advisers have 'fundamental lack of understanding' Former boss of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Service called for a new approach to tackling abuse .
id: 6a6dd149e49f867284419fd8e2054de5d4e9341a
chatgpt: Prime Minister David Cameron has called for pop-up warnings to be displayed when individuals search for illegal images in a bid to combat child exploitation online. However, former boss of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Service (CEOP), Jim Gamble, has criticized the Prime Minister's advisers for having a "fundamental lack of understanding" when it comes to the issue. Speaking to the BBC, Gamble said that rather than simply implementing pop-up warnings, a more concerted effort needs to be made to tackle online exploitation.  "We need a different approach to how it's dealt with," he said. "What happens is people get caught, they're prosecuted and they go to prison, but the problem doesn't go away." Gamble's comments come as concerns about child exploitation online continue to grow. According to the NSPCC, the number of reported cases of online grooming in the UK has risen by 64% over the past five years, while the number of victims under the age of 18 has increased by 84%. In light of these figures, Cameron has urged internet companies to do more to tackle online abuse. In addition to the pop-up warnings, the Prime Minister has also announced plans to introduce more stringent legislation around the possession of illegal images, with offenders potentially facing custodial sentences of up to five years. However, this approach has been criticized by some experts in the field of child protection. Speaking to The Guardian, Professor Tink Palmer, a child protection expert and CEO of the Marie Collins Foundation, said that the government needs to focus on prevention rather than punishment.  "We're a bit late in the day talking about pop-up warnings and what we're going to do about prosecution," she said. "When are we going to actually do something about identifying and preventing these offences from happening in the first place?" Ultimately, the issue of child exploitation online is complex and difficult to tackle. While measures such as pop-up warnings and tougher legislation may have some impact, there is a growing consensus that a more holistic approach is needed – one that places greater emphasis on prevention and education. As Gamble put it: "We need to educate young people about the dangers and we need to engage with internet service providers and incentivize them to take their role as corporate citizens really seriously." Unless such steps are taken, the problem of online child exploitation is likely to continue to grow.