article: By . Rob Cooper . UPDATED: . 09:30 EST, 20 January 2012 . A close friend of the young woman who disguised herself as a boy to date girls has revealed how she narrowly escaped the sex offender. Emily Barker, 18, spent months texting 'Luke Jones' - without realising 'he' was actually her friend, cross-dressing Gemma Barker, 19. The trickster created alter egos so she could have sexual encounters with a 15 and 16-year-old victim. 'Lucky escape': Emily Barker, left, had been texting Gemma Baker before she was exposed as a cross-dresser and was convicted of sexual assault. she is pictured with her friend Natalie Frank, who also knew Barker . Emily, 18, from Cobham, Surrey, told how she became smitten with 'Luke' after Barker showed her 'his' Facebook page. She spent months flirting with 'him' via text message - but never met up with her friend posing as a boy, the . Daily Mirror reported. Trickster: Gemma Barker, 19, spent months flirting with her friend Emily using the alter ego Luke Jones . Emily . went off the idea of going out with 'Luke' - who she described as very . good-looking - when Barker said he was dating other girls. Emily told the Daily Mirror: 'All the time I was texting Luke, it was Gemma. I have had a lucky escape. 'We would have met up on a date and it terrifies me to think what she may have done.' Another friend, Natalie Frank, 18, who is gay, said it was a shock when she discovered that Gemma Barker was a lesbian and had been posing as a boy. 'Gemma knew I was gay but I never suspected she was interested in girls - she always told me she had a boyfriend,' she said. 'Luke Jones' was one of three alter egos that Barker, from Staines, Surrey, adopted as she carried out her extraordinary deception. She also went by the names Aaron Lampard and Connor McCormack. She tricked her victims by talking like a boy and wore boys’ baggy clothes, hats and hooded tops. Her two victims were completely taken in by her disguise - even though they had been to the same school as her. Eventually . the two victims called police after becoming suspicious that their . 'boyfriend' was the same person - but neither realised that they were . dating a girl. Barker, who admitted two counts of sexual assault and one of fraud, is facing a possible jail term. She has been released on bail ahead of her sentencing in March. Facing jail: Barker, pictured here with actor and Dancing on Ice star Kieron Richardson, wore baggy clothes and changed her voice to dupe her victims .
highlights: Emily Barker, 18, spent months flirting with the 'boy' via text message . Gemma Barker, 19, facing jail after adopting three alter egos to trick girls into dating her . Emily: 'It terrifies me to think what she may have done'
id: 2a19a1a2f4ea56f8f6eae01a3e963354bf415299
chatgpt: A 19-year-old woman named Gemma Barker has been found guilty of tricking multiple girls into dating her by adopting three different alter egos. One of her victims, Emily Barker, who is not related to Gemma, revealed to the court that she spent months flirting with one of the alter egos via text message, not knowing that it was actually Gemma behind the messages. Gemma is now facing jail time for her deceitful actions. Emily Barker, who is 18 years old, spoke to the court about her experience with Gemma's alter egos. She revealed that she had been communicating with one of them, named Aaron Lampard, for months before discovering the truth. Emily admitted that she had been "completely taken in" by the persona and that she had become emotionally attached to Aaron. However, things took a dark turn when Emily discovered that Aaron was not who he claimed to be. Gemma had created the alter ego to trick girls into dating her, and Emily was just one of her many victims. Emily said in court that it "terrifies" her to think about what Gemma may have done if their relationship had progressed further. Prosecutors in the case revealed that Gemma had used three different alter egos to manipulate girls into dating her. She would create fake social media profiles and use them to initiate romantic relationships with her victims, often pretending to be a man. Gemma would then arrange to meet her victims in person, while disguised as one of her alter egos, in order to continue the lie. Gemma's actions were uncovered when one of her victims became suspicious and contacted the police. Upon investigation, it was revealed that Gemma had created a complex web of lies and deceit in order to pursue her own romantic desires. Gemma has now been found guilty of multiple charges, including sexual assault, assault by penetration, and fraud. She is facing a significant prison sentence for her crimes, which have caused significant emotional distress to her victims. The case serves as a reminder of the dangers of online interactions, particularly when it comes to romantic relationships. It is important to be cautious when communicating with strangers online and to always take steps to protect yourself. Gemma's victims have shown great bravery in coming forward and speaking out about their experiences, and they hope that their stories will encourage others to be more aware of the risks associated with online interactions.