article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:37 EST, 12 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:37 EST, 12 October 2013 . Here's the latest accessory for all those lazy lads who want a short cut to the perfect figure - the world's first padded bra for men. Ash Bhunnoo, 45, and accountant pal Ricky Robinson, 42, created the moob-masking vests for men who want to cover their untoned bodies. The figure-hugging, long-sleeved t-shirts contain foam muscles to produce chiselled pecs, a flat stomach, broader shoulders and padded biceps. Added boost: Mr Bhunnoo says that men can be as self-conscious about their looks as women and that he is 'selling them some confidence' Mr Bhunnoo centre with models Perry Ripley, left, and Andreas Zekaqis, the pair have already sold more than 1,000 of the shirts to image conscious men . They have been designed with a special material which tenses and relaxes with the wearer. More than 1,000 of the 'Funkybod Muscle Tops' costing £29.99 each have already been sold - with many going to the US and image-conscious California. The advert boasts: 'Worn as a normal undershirt garment, the Funkybod top is a great confidence booster for men in the same way a padded bra works for women.' Ash and Ricky - both ultra-fit amateur boxers - came up with the idea after noticing a growing number of friends hitting the gym to change their appearance. Ash, a builder from Chatham, Medway said: 'Men can be as vain as women so we're just selling them some confidence. 'There are skinny guys who are perfectly healthy but when they go out on a Friday night they want to look a bit more buff. 'Women have always been into padded bras and that kind of thing. 'They've been around for years and guys now want a bit of the action too. 'Back when I was younger we were never like that. 'We would go out to the pub, have a drink and you might get a belly but it was alright.' Father-of-two Ash added: 'A lot of our customers come from California. 'I don't know what it is about Americans and vanity but they just love it. 'People at the gym like them, and so do bouncers.' Ash and Ricky took their idea to a product development company in London who helped them come up with the blueprint. They funded a limited production run themselves and quickly sold out of their initial stock of 100. The pair have now sold 1,000 via funkybod.com. which they are running from their homes while they carry on with their day jobs. The vests come in four sizes from extra small to large and are available in either black or white. No need for the gym: The shirts contain foam muscles to produce chiselled pecs, a flat stomach, broader shoulders and padded biceps .
highlights: Ash Bhunnoo, 45, and friend Ricky Robinson, 42, came up with the idea after watching their friends take to the gym to try and fight the flab . The figure-hugging, long-sleeved . t-shirts contain foam muscles to produce chiselled pecs, a flat stomach, . broader shoulders and padded biceps . And they have already sold more than 1,000 of them as 'vain' men flock to the quick fix .
id: 0f023adc27c45ec4999f02c94499b8ae5d1fbd40
chatgpt: The quest for the perfect body has long been a pursuit of many a gym-goer, with hours spent lifting weights and running on treadmills. But what if you could achieve the look of a chiselled, muscular physique without putting in all that hard work? That’s exactly what entrepreneurs Ash Bhunnoo and Ricky Robinson have created with their latest invention – a range of figure-hugging, long-sleeved t-shirts that contain foam muscles to create the illusion of a perfectly toned body. The idea came to the pair after watching their friends struggle to achieve their desired shape, despite hours spent in the gym. They believed there had to be an easier way and set about creating their line of padded muscle t-shirts. The t-shirts are designed to give the wearer a six-pack, chiselled pecs, broader shoulders and padded biceps – all without lifting a finger. And according to Bhunnoo and Robinson, they are proving to be a hit among “vain” men who are looking for a quick fix to their fitness woes. “We were amazed at how quickly the idea took off,” said Bhunnoo. “We’ve already sold more than 1,000 of them and the demand just keeps on growing.” The shirts are available in a range of styles and sizes to suit all body types and are made from high-quality materials to ensure maximum comfort. And while the idea might seem like a novelty, Bhunnoo and Robinson insist that they are filling a gap in the market. “There are a lot of people out there who are self-conscious about their bodies and want to look good without having to put in all the hard work,” said Robinson. “Our shirts allow them to do just that.” But while the padded muscle t-shirts might be a hit with some, there are others who argue that they are sending out the wrong message about body image and self-esteem. “These shirts are essentially promoting the idea that you need to have a certain body type to feel good about yourself,” said body positivity advocate, Sarah Taylor. “But the reality is that everyone should feel confident in their own skin, regardless of what they look like.” Despite the criticism, Bhunnoo and Robinson remain confident in their product and say that they are already working on a range of other items that will help people to achieve their desired look without having to hit the gym. “We’re always looking for ways to make people feel good about themselves,” said Bhunnoo. “And if our padded muscle t-shirts can help to do that, then we’re happy.” Whether the trend will take off or not remains to be seen, but for now, it seems that there are plenty of people out there who are willing to give the padded muscle t-shirts a try in their quest for the perfect body.