article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 06:44 EST, 12 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:42 EST, 12 January 2013 . Targeted: Stephen Close was threatened with arrest . A gay man claims he’s been labelled a 'serious criminal' by police because of a relationship he had in the army 30 years ago. Officers threatened 50-year-old Stephen Close with arrest unless he provided a DNA sample as part of a controversial crime crackdown . Mr Close was sentenced to six months in prison in 1983 after he admitted having sex with a male colleague while serving with the Royal Fusiliers in Berlin. Although homosexuality was decriminalised in 1967 it remained an offence in the armed forces until 1994 and the ban on homosexuals serving in the British Military was not lifted until 2000. Mr Close, from Salford, was discharged from the army after being charged with gross indecency and he was later convicted of sexual assault in a military court as both he and his partner were under 21, the legal age of consent for gay sex at the time. He said he was stunned when police arrived at his home last Sunday and demanded he provide a DNA sample. He said: 'If you look at the details of my criminal record, I can’t see what possible threat I’m meant to pose to the public and why I’ve been targeted by police.I find it completely ridiculous.' Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said they were 'concerned about the particular issues' Mr Close’s case had raised. The force launched Operation Harvest last year in a bid to collect DNA samples from 2,000 people convicted of serious crimes. The operation, using controversial new . powers under the Crime and Security Act 2010, saw samples added to a DNA . database in a bid to match suspects to unsolved crimes. Cap badge of the Royal Fusiliers . If ex-offenders refuse to provide a sample, officers have the power under the act to force them to comply. The . act Mr Close was convicted for is no longer illegal as the age of . homosexual sex was lowered to 18 in 1994 and then 16 in 2001. He told the Manchester Evening News: 'If I did the same thing today, it would not longer be considered illegal. Yet the police still want my DNA on record and to me it just begs the question ‘why?’” GMP’s deputy chief constable Ian Hopkins said that DNA samples from convicted offences allowed the force to 'look for potential matches with DNA evidence recovered from previously unsolved crimes.' But he added: 'We do understand the very personal and sensitive issues that Mr Close has raised. 'We are concerned about the particular issues his case raises and therefore we would invite him to make direct contact with Greater Manchester Police so we can review his case.'
highlights: 'I can't see what possible threat I pose and why I've been targeted' Manchester Police chief promises a review of the case .
id: 74086d7218384b70e438f4e02682ebe040279b26
chatgpt: Following recent events, Manchester Police Chief has promised to conduct a thorough review of a case in which a member of the community has been targeted by law enforcement officials. The individual, who wishes to remain anonymous, has been left bewildered by the actions taken against them and is eager for an explanation. "I can't see what possible threat I pose and why I've been targeted," the individual commented. "I have never been involved in any criminal activity and have always been a law-abiding citizen. It is concerning that the authorities have taken such aggressive action without any evidence or justification." The individual claims that they were subjected to rough treatment and excessive force during the incident, which took place in the early hours of the morning. This has left them shaken and questioning the effectiveness of the police force in protecting the rights of law-abiding citizens. Manchester Police Chief has stated that the incident will be thoroughly reviewed, and that the department takes allegations of excessive force and mistreatment seriously. "We strive to maintain the highest standards of professionalism and accountability in all of our interactions with the public," he said. "Any allegations of misconduct will be thoroughly investigated and appropriate action taken." The Manchester Police Department has been the subject of scrutiny in recent years, with several incidents of excessive force and inappropriate conduct by officers coming to light. This has led to calls for greater accountability and transparency in the department, as well as reforms to prevent such incidents from occurring in the future. "The people of Manchester deserve a police force that is dedicated to upholding the law and protecting their rights," the individual commented. "If the police are allowed to act with impunity and without accountability, then nobody is safe." The incident has raised concerns about the use of force by law enforcement officials and the need for greater oversight and regulation to ensure that individual rights are protected. It is hoped that the review promised by the Manchester Police Chief will shed light on the events that unfolded and provide the individual with the answers they seek. In the meantime, the individual has vowed to continue speaking out about the incident and to hold the authorities accountable for their actions. "I will not be intimidated and I will not be silenced," they declared. "I will fight for my rights and the rights of all those who have been mistreated by the police."