article: (CNN) -- Spanish striking legend Raul Gonzalez scored his 70th European Champions League goal to help Schalke to a superb 5-2 San Siro victory over holders Inter Milan in their quarterfinal first leg. An extraordinary match began in remarkable fashion when Inter took the lead after just 27 seconds. Schalke goalkeeper Manuel Neuer raced out of his area to head away an Inter attack, but he left his goal unguarded as Dejan Stankovic fired the ball home from the halfway line with stunning accuracy for one of the goals of the season. However, the German Bundesliga side levelled in the 17th minute when Inter failed to deal with a corner and Joel Matip was given space to blast the ball home. The tie swung Inter's way again in the 34th minute when they re-took the lead, Diego Milito -- the hero of last year's final win over Bayern Munich -- volleying home unmarked from close range after Esteban Cambiasso cushioned his header back across goal from the Inter right. But that advantage lasted for just six minutes before Edu netted on the rebound from a tight angle after goalkeeper Julio Cesar only parried his initial weak effort. The visitors took the lead for the first time eight minutes after the break when Raul held off Andrea Ranocchia to fire past Cesar -- and they increased their advantage four minutes later as defender Ranocchia diverted Jurardo's cross into his own net. The home side's hard task was made almost impossible when they had defender Cristian Chivu sent off in the 62nd minute for a second yellow card. Schalke continued to pour forward, looking to kill the tie off. Jurardo struck the post with a low shot and Jefferson Farfan also hit the woodwork from close range. But a fifth goal was not long in coming and Schalke surely made the second leg in Gelsenkirchen irrelevant with 15 minutes remaining when Edu turned and curled home a remarkable fifth goal.
highlights: Schalke stun Inter Milan 5-2 in a remarkable Champions League quarterfinal . Raul scores his 70th Champions League goal to give the visitors a huge advantage . Holders Inter have Cristian Chivu sent off after two yellow cards in second half . The second leg in Gelsenkirchen now appears a formailty for the German side .
id: f03441779a6652e25eb2b715a0284efc84309049
chatgpt: In a stunning Champions League quarterfinal match, Schalke 04 shocked Inter Milan with a 5-2 victory at the San Siro stadium. The visitors were clearly dominant, with Raul scoring his 70th Champions League goal and giving his team an early advantage. The first half was a showcase of Schalke's attacking strength and their ability to exploit Inter's vulnerabilities. Raul's goal in the 17th minute set the tone for the rest of the game, and the German side pressed on from there. The second goal came from Edu in the 34th minute, followed by a third from Jose Manuel Jurado just before half-time. Inter fought back in the second half, with goals from Dejan Stankovic and Diego Milito, but their efforts were undone by two yellow cards given to Cristian Chivu, who was sent off just after the hour mark. Schalke 04 took advantage and scored two more goals, both from Edu, to seal the victory. The win puts Schalke in an excellent position for the second leg in Gelsenkirchen, which now appears to be a formality for the German side. Inter will need a miracle to turn things around in the return leg, especially with their captain Chivu suspended. For Schalke, this historic win marks a significant milestone in the club's history. They have never reached the semifinals of the Champions League and will now be hoping to go all the way to the final. With players like Raul and Edu in top form, they will be a force to be reckoned with. The defeat for Inter, meanwhile, will come as a major blow to their hopes of retaining the Champions League title. The Italian side have been struggling in the league this season and this result highlights their vulnerabilities in defence. However, they will be hoping to use the second leg as an opportunity for redemption and prove that they are still a top European side. Overall, this has been a remarkable match that will be remembered for years to come. Schalke's spectacular performance and Inter's disappointing display have set up what promises to be an exciting second leg in what is one of the most prestigious club competitions in world football.