article: (CNN) -- Two late bogeys left Rory McIlroy a frustrated figure in Colorado but the four-time major winner was hoping a spot of gridiron would help lift his spirits. The Northern Irishman is still tied for the BMW Championship lead on three-under despite that slump, but his thoughts immediately turned to the Seahawks' NFL clash with the Packers. McIlroy, who described himself as a "big time" football fan, said: "Even though you guys play with pads on, which ... I don't understand." The 25-year-old met Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning at Cherry Hills Country Club on Tuesday, who handed over tickets for its opener against the Colts on Sunday. And McIlroy is well placed to head to Mile High Stadium as the leader of the FedEx playoffs after he joined Americans Gary Woodland and Jordan Spieth at the top of the leaderboard. The 2014 British Open and U.S. PGA champion had been out in front on five-under but dropped two shots in his final three holes to sink back into the pack. "I'm a little frustrated coming off the course, because I feel like it should have been better than what I finished," McIlroy told Sky Sports. "But you can see by the scores, it's pretty tricky out there ... so a 67 is a really good start, even though it could have been a bit better. "The fairways are firm so even when you're hitting irons and fairway woods off the tees they're running out and through fairways and into the rough and the rough is thick. "Then the greens are so firm, the greens have got so much firmer over the past 24 hours and it's really made a huge difference." The course's elevation has suited big hitters like McIlroy, who was launching drives nearly 400 yards in his practice rounds prior to the tournament. But the different air conditions make it more tricky to judge distance and ball flight, with several players overshooting greens on the opening day.
highlights: Rory McIlroy shares the lead at the BMW Championship in Colorado . Northern Irishman tied with Jordan Spieth and Gary Woodland at -3 . McIlroy was out in front on -5 until two late bogeys tarnished his round . U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer among group of nine players at -2 .
id: 4fdb22438ea15a49810631d074d48234d40e8fa9
chatgpt: Rory McIlroy shares the lead at the BMW Championship in Colorado after the first round. The Northern Irishman is tied with Jordan Spieth and Gary Woodland at -3. McIlroy, who is competing in his first event since winning the Open Championship last month, was out in front on -5 until two late bogeys tarnished his round. Despite the late mistakes, McIlroy was happy with his performance. "I played really well for most of the day," he said. "I hit a few loose shots coming in, which was a little frustrating, but overall it was a solid round." McIlroy's playing partner, Spieth, was also pleased with his performance. The young American, who has had a breakout season on the PGA Tour, finished with a birdie on the final hole to join McIlroy and Woodland at the top of the leaderboard. "It's always great to play with Rory," Spieth said. "He's such a talented player and I really enjoy watching him play. It was a lot of fun out there today." U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer is also in contention after the first round. The German is among a group of nine players at -2, just one shot off the lead. Kaymer, who won his second major title at Pinehurst in June, will be looking to add another trophy to his collection this week. Other notable performances from the first round include a -1 from world number one Adam Scott and a level par round from Tiger Woods. Woods, who has struggled with injury this season, will be hoping to improve on his position as the tournament progresses. The BMW Championship is the third event in the FedEx Cup playoffs and features the top 70 players on the PGA Tour. The tournament is being held at Cherry Hills Country Club in Colorado and has a total purse of $8 million. With three more rounds still to be played, it remains to be seen who will come out on top and claim the title at this prestigious event. However, based on the exciting start to the tournament, it promises to be an action-packed weekend of golf.