article: By . Tom Mctague, Mail online Deputy Political Editor . UKIP's Janice Atkinson caused outrage after referring to a Thai constituent as 'Ting Tong' A Ukip MEP has apologised ‘profusely’ after calling a Thai constituent a ‘Ting Tong’. Janice Atkinson, who represents the south east, was recorded making the comments after meeting Fa Munday, a mobile food seller in Ramsgate, Kent and her husband Vincent. Mr Munday, a Ukip supporter, said the couple had been left shocked by the ‘outrageous’ comments. ‘It's a bit outrageous, her comments have come as a bit of a shock,’ he told BBC South East Today. ‘I'm quite offended.’ Ms Atkinson's comments were captured by the BBC team while she spoke to local people and Ukip members in Ramsgate. She said: ‘..so that was good. We've got Fa who's, I dunno, she's a ting tong from somewhere.’ Ms Atkinson's remarks may have been influence by the BBC show 'Little Britain', which featured characters called Ting Tong, played by Matt Lucas, and Dudley, played by David Walliams . But the UKIP MEP insisted the comments were naive rather than malicious and said she was ‘incredibly sorry’ for offending the couple. She said: ‘I deeply regret the words I used and am incredibly sorry. 'It was poor judgment and naivety on my part rather than words spoken with any malice. 'I am devastated that I have caused hurt and apologise profusely to both Mr and Mrs Munday.’ A Ukip spokesman said: ‘Janice has apologised for the words she used. 'Ukip in no way condones the use of language that may reflect prejudice or cause offence and we sincerely hope this matter can be resolved privately.’ The latest gaffe is a blow to the party, which has repeatedly inisted that it is not a racist party. Before the European elections in May UKIP leader Nigel Farage was forced to pull the plug on a 'Carnival of colour' arranged to highlight the party's multi-ethnic supporter base. UKIP leader Nigel Farage has attempted to rebut accusations that his party has a problem with ethnic minorities . UKIP was criticised over its immigration-centred poster campaign ahead of the European elections in May . Mr Farage was forced to abandoned the event in Croydon, South London, after campaigners clashed with party members. The event was a follow-up to a rally Mr Farage held featuring candidates and members from ethnic minorities. It came after Mr Farage was condemned by politicians from the three main parties after declaring in a radio interview that everyone knows ‘the difference’ between Romanians and Germans after saying he was uncomforble with the idea of a group of Romanian men moving in as neighbours. He added: ‘Can we just have an honest appraisal of what has happened to post-communist Romania? Across the whole of the European Union, amongst all 28 member states, 7 per cent of all crime is committed by 240 Romanian gangs.’
highlights: Janice Atkinson made comments after meeting Fa Munday in Ramsgate . Husband Vincent Munday said he was shocked by 'outrageous' remark . Ms Atkinson  said she was 'incredibly sorry' for offending the couple .
id: 14f073ebec950e2fdb30de14dd86897e56fa92e4
chatgpt: Janice Atkinson, the former UKIP MEP, has come under fire after making a controversial remark following a meeting with local residents in Ramsgate. The incident took place when Atkinson met with Fa and Vincent Munday to discuss environmental concerns in their neighbourhood. Following the meeting, Vincent Munday took to social media to express his shock and outrage at a comment made by Atkinson. According to Mr. Munday, Atkinson had referred to the couple's mixed-race children as "typical products of a Muslim father and a white mother." "The comment was completely outrageous and offensive," he said. "As a mixed-race family, we have faced discrimination in the past, and to have a public figure make such a remark is simply unacceptable." When contacted by the media, Atkinson admitted to making the comment and expressed her sincere apologies. "I am incredibly sorry for any offence caused by my remarks," she said. "It was not my intention to cause any harm, and I regret my words." Atkinson has a history of controversial comments and actions, having previously been expelled from UKIP for allegedly making racist comments about a Thai woman. She has also been accused of using racist language on social media. The incident has sparked widespread condemnation from both politicians and members of the public. Many have called for Atkinson to be held accountable for her actions and to face consequences for her remarks. In response to the incident, Ramsgate MP Craig Mackinlay issued a statement condemning the comments and calling for Atkinson to apologise to the Mundays. "Such comments have no place in our society and are deeply offensive," he said. "I strongly urge Ms Atkinson to issue a sincere apology to the Mundays and to take steps to ensure that this kind of behaviour is not repeated in future." The incident has also renewed calls for greater protections against hate speech and discrimination in the UK. "Sadly, incidents like this are all too common in our society," said Shami Chakrabarti, the director of the human rights group Liberty. "We need to do more to combat hate speech and discrimination and ensure that all members of our society are treated with dignity and respect." Meanwhile, the Mundays have thanked those who have expressed support for them in the wake of the incident. "We are grateful for the outpouring of love and support we have received from our community and beyond," said Fa Munday. "We hope that this incident will serve as a reminder that we must all work together to combat hate speech and discrimination in all its forms."