article: A bride-to-be drowned in the swimming pool of her family’s holiday home on the morning that she was going to view the church where she was to be married, an inquest heard today. Emma Campbell, of Winchfield, Hampshire, was found in the pool's deep end on the Spanish island of Menorca by her fiancé George Mudford. He had gone for a jog that morning on July 3, having left his 29-year-old fiancée drinking a glass of orange juice at the pool-side. Drowned: Emma Campbell, of Winchfield, Hampshire, was found in the deep end of the pool in Menorca . In a statement read to the Basingstoke inquest, he said: ‘When I came home from a run I found my fiancée face down in the deep end of the pool. I jumped in and immediately pulled Emma to the surface and performed CPR to the best of my ability and screamed for help.’ He said that an ambulance arrived but the paramedics were unable to save her. Mr Mudford added that Miss Campbell had not spoken of her intentions that morning as she was not a ‘morning person’. Miss Campbell’s mother, Sally-Anne Le Clerc, said that the couple had an appointment to view the church that morning. She said: ‘They were looking at venues to be married and they had got an appointment, they had decided to look at the church at that time.’ Abroad: Miss Campbell had been at her family's holiday home on the Spanish island of Menorca (file picture) She added: ‘She was well able to swim, she knew the pool, she had been there from a very early age, she was a good swimmer.’ Ms Le Clerc told the hearing that her daughter had been born with a heart defect, pulmonary atresia, which she explained meant that she had only one pumping chamber. She said that she had undergone operations when she a baby and at three years of age, but had not suffered any long-term effects and was not on any medication for the condition. North Hampshire coroner Andrew Bradley said that post mortem examinations carried out in Menorca and Basingstoke gave a cause of death consistent with drowning. Recording a verdict of accidental death with a background of Miss Campbell’s heart condition, he said: ‘I have no doubt it’s an accidental death, had she not been under water, the nature of this event would not have happened, it’s that helpless situation.’
highlights: Emma Campbell was found in the deep end of pool in Menorca by fiancé . George Mudford had gone for jog having left 29-year-old at the pool-side . Couple had an appointment to view a church that morning on July 3 .
id: 0053278402828d9c471a1df7a93593a32f614a24
chatgpt: A young woman from the UK tragically lost her life during her vacation on the Spanish island of Menorca. Emma Campbell, who was only 29 years old, was found unresponsive in the deep end of a pool by her fiancé, George Mudford. The couple had plans to view a local church on the morning of July 3, but Mudford decided to go for a jog instead. When he returned to their holiday rental property, he found Campbell submerged in the water of the pool. Emergency services were immediately called to the scene, but unfortunately, they were unable to do anything to save the young woman's life. Campbell was pronounced dead at the scene, and the incident is currently under investigation. Local authorities have stated that the cause of the incident is still unclear, and an autopsy will be carried out in due course. The couple had reportedly been staying in the area for several days and were due to return home soon. A spokesperson for the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office said: "We are providing assistance to the family of a British woman who has died in Menorca, and are in contact with the Spanish authorities." The tragic incident serves as a reminder of the dangers of swimming pools, particularly when they are left unattended. According to the Royal Life Saving Society UK, approximately 400 people drown in the UK every year, with swimming pools being one of the most common locations for water-related deaths. There are several precautions that can be taken to prevent such tragedies. One of the most important is to ensure that children and inexperienced swimmers are always supervised in and around the pool. Additionally, it is advisable to have safety equipment, such as life jackets and pool alarms, readily available. While the details surrounding Emma Campbell's death in Menorca are still emerging, it is clear that her loved ones are devastated by the loss of such a young and promising life. Our thoughts and condolences go out to her fiancé, family, and friends during this difficult time.