article: By . Peter Allen . The bodies of five First World War soldiers have been found ‘frozen in time’ in a French wood almost 100 years to the day since they were killed. All are believed to have died on September 5th 1914, the day of a ferocious fire fight between the Allies and Germans near Luneville, in eastern France. The find is particularly poignant this week, when millions around the world will focus on the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings in Normandy. The bodies of five French soldiers from the First World War have been found in a forest near Luneville almost 100 year since they were killed (pictured, French troops attack at Verdun, near to Luneville) The French infantrymen’s skeletons lay undiscovered for all those years, along with their Lebel rifles, wallets, and a figurine of the Virgin Mary. Philippe Sugg and Gerard Louis, two local historical researchers, made the discovery after studying First World War archives and pinpointing digging sites. The men were in a private forest, which remained practically untouched throughout the decades since the fighting. Mr Sugg said: ‘Documents suggest that several dozen soldiers died in the area. They were often very young men who left their families knowing there was a good chance they would never return.’ Among those ‘frozen in time’ is a 27-year-old from the southern town of Perpignan, whose name is on an identification tag. Later this week the Queen will be in France to commemorate 70 years since the D-Day landings happened in Normandy during the Second World War . Scraps of the red trousers which the French still wore at the beginning of the war were also found. Once his descendants have been informed, his body is likely to be exhumed and buried with full military honours, along with his comrades. Despite the passing of the years, France and neighbouring countries are still covered with the bodies of those who died in the First and Second World War. The Queen and other members of the Royal Family will arrive in France on Thursday to honour the sacrifice of such fallen heroes. She will be on Sword Beach on June 6th, D-Day, at a commemorative ceremony also attended by French and American presidents Francois Hollande and Barack Obama.
highlights: Bodies of five French soldiers found in wood near Luneville . Found next to rifles, their wallets and statue of Virgin Mary . Thought to have died in fight almost 100 years ago to the day .
id: 28029d561811400695f24a259aac50a09306050b
chatgpt: The discovery of the bodies of five French soldiers has sent shockwaves through the Northeastern French town of Luneville. The soldiers' remains were found in a nearby wood, next to their rifles, wallets, and a statue of the Virgin Mary. It is believed that they died in a fight almost 100 years ago to the day. Local authorities are working to identify the soldiers and trace their families. The discovery has caused a great deal of reflection on the sacrifice that was made during World War I. The timing of the discovery has also brought back memories of the great losses that France endured during the Great War. The discovery of the soldiers was made by a group of hikers who were exploring the woods. They noticed a mound of earth that looked like it had been recently disturbed. Upon closer inspection, they found the remains of the soldiers. The hikers immediately contacted local authorities, who cordoned off the area and began their investigations. It is unclear at this time how the soldiers died or who they were fighting against. The woods where the remains were found was a site of intense fighting during World War I, with trench lines running through the area. The discovery of the soldiers has also ignited a debate about the use of war memorials and the importance of remembering those who have died in war. Many in Luneville are calling for a memorial to be built in honor of the soldiers who were found in the woods. The mayor of Luneville, Albert Jacquart, has said that the discovery of the soldiers is a reminder that "war is always a tragedy" and that it is important to work towards a peaceful future. He has also called on the French government to adequately fund the maintenance of war memorials and to provide support to the families of soldiers who have died in the line of duty. The discovery of the soldiers is a poignant reminder of the cost of war and the sacrifice that was made by so many during World War I. As France prepares to mark the centenary of the end of the war, the discovery of the soldiers will undoubtedly play a key role in the commemorations. It is hoped that their families can be identified and that they can be given the honor and recognition that they deserve.