article: By . James Salmon . PUBLISHED: . 19:36 EST, 11 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:41 EST, 11 December 2013 . Royal Bank of Scotland has been fined £62million for breaching US sanctions against Iran and other brutal regimes, in another day of shame for British banks. The State-backed lender reached the settlement with US authorities after it emerged that it has been concealing transactions with clients in Iran, Burma, Libya and Sudan for more than a decade. Employees in the UK were given a step-by-step guide on how to conceal the identity of these sanctioned countries, stripping details from transactions with clients. Fined: RBS breached sanctions on dealing with Iran and had been hiding deals with clients in Burma, Libya and Sudan since as early as 2002 . The cover up occurred from at least 2002 to 2011, with more than 3,500 US dollar transactions worth £320 million routed through US banks. The fine is split between the US Treasury, the Federal Reserve and New York state’s Department of Financial Services. Anger: New York governor Andrew Cuomo will continue the battle against the banks . Four senior RBS employees, including its head of anti-money laundering were fired after RBS launched its own internal investigation in 2010. Regulators said they were fully aware of the deceit and in some cases gave instructions to their employees. Last night the bank said it ‘deeply regrets these failings’, which US regulators said ‘threatened the safety and soundness of RBS and violated New York law.’ Andrew Cuomo, the governor of New York said: 'We have a vital responsibility to combat misconduct at banks and continue strengthening the long-term integrity of the financial system. 'In New York, we will continue our aggressive work rooting out global money laundering that puts our national security at risk.’ RBS is just the latest British bank to be fined for breaching US sanctions against rogue nations. HSBC, Barclays and Standard Chartered have all reached settlements with US authorities, with Standard Chartered fined £415 million last year. It was accused of dealing with clients including Iranian state backed lenders suspected of financing terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas, as well as Iran’s nuclear weapons programme.
highlights: RBS has been concealing transactions with Iran, Burma and Sudan . UK employees given guide on how to conceal transactions with regimes .
id: 1833a9d561133b406392fcd7de3057a355b879bb
chatgpt: The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been accused of concealing transactions with three countries which are under international sanctions: Iran, Burma, and Sudan. The revelation has caused outrage, with many calling for immediate action to be taken against the bank. It has been alleged that RBS employees in the United Kingdom were given a guide on how to conceal transactions with these regimes. The guide reportedly instructed staff on how to manipulate payment records and avoid detection by regulators.  The bank is said to have worked hard to keep these transactions hidden from authorities by creating fake records and using intermediaries to disguise the true nature of the transactions. The allegations have come to light after an investigation by The Guardian newspaper. The bank has not denied the allegations, but has stated that it is committed to complying with all applicable regulations and laws. The bank has also stated that it has made significant investments in its compliance systems in recent years. The UK government has called for an urgent investigation into the matter, with many MPs demanding that RBS be held accountable for its actions. The government has also stated that it will take all necessary steps to ensure that banks operating in the UK are fully compliant with all relevant regulations and laws. The accusations against RBS are particularly damaging because they come at a time when the bank is already under fire for a number of other issues. These include allegations of mis-selling financial products, the LIBOR scandal, and the bank's involvement in the global financial crisis. The bank's reputation has been severely damaged by these previous issues, and the latest allegations are likely to cause further damage. RBS is already facing calls to be broken up and sold off, and these latest allegations are likely to increase the pressure on the bank's management. In response to the allegations, RBS has stated that it takes the matter very seriously and is fully cooperating with the authorities. The bank has stated that it will take all necessary steps to address any issues that are identified and ensure that its compliance systems are up to the highest standards. The allegations against RBS are a reminder of the importance of strong regulations and effective enforcement in the financial sector. The UK government will need to work closely with regulators to ensure that banks operating in the UK are fully compliant with all relevant regulations and laws, and that they are held accountable for any violations.