article: Labour has suspended Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner Olly Martins after the CPS launched a criminal investigation into leaked details of a death in custody . Labour has suspended its police and crime commissioner in Bedfordshire after the CPS considers criminal charges over the leaked details of a death in custody. Olly Martins now faces the prospect of criminal charges after the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) announced in February that it would investigate unauthorised disclosures about the death in custody of Leon Briggs. Mr Briggs, 39, died on November 4 last . year after he was restrained and detained by Bedfordshire Police . officers and taken to Luton police station. His death is being probed by . the IPCC in a separate investigation. The IPCC said today that its completed investigation had been passed to prosecutors. A Labour Party spokesman said: 'Olly Martins has been suspended from the Labour Party.' The IPCC said in a statement: 'The Independent Police Complaints Commission has completed its investigation into the police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Bedfordshire, Olly Martins, and has passed its report to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). 'The CPS will determine whether there is evidence to warrant criminal charges.' On February 13 this year, the IPCC said it would examine the unauthorised disclosure of information about the circumstances surrounding the death, adding that Mr Martins had admitted sharing information about the case with a third party, who then disclosed it to others. Bedfordshire Police referred the leak to the IPCC in December last year after it was raised by a member of the public. An initial probe by Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Panel resulted in a written warning to Mr Martins, issued at a private meeting in January. Leon Briggs, 39, died on November 4 last year after he was restrained and detained by Bedfordshire Police officers and taken to Luton police station. His death is being probed by the IPCC in a separate investigation . The IPCC decided to launch an independent investigation in February, overseen by IPCC Commissioner James Dipple-Johnstone. Suspension from the Labour Party means Mr Martins is not allowed to participate in meetings or other party activities and he will be subject to a disciplinary proceeding run by the party's national executive committee. The CPS will now look at the file and determine whether there is evidence to warrant criminal charges against Mr Martins. Mr Briggs was arrested by officers after members of the public reported concerns about his behaviour. He reportedly fell ill and was taken from the station to Luton and Dunstable Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. The IPCC was alerted to the matter by Bedfordshire Police on December 1 following information from a member of the public. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Olly Martins has been suspended from the Labour Party, a spokesman said . Comes after unauthorised disclosures about death of Leon Briggs . He died after he was restrained and detained by Bedfordshire Police . officers .
id: a0dd64ea0bf3d2d7af80ba035bc6e775a04ef9df
chatgpt: Olly Martins, a former Police and Crimimal Commissioner (PCC) for Bedfordshire, has been suspended from the Labour Party after making unauthorised disclosures about the death of Leon Briggs. Briggs, who was 39 years old, died after he was restrained and detained by Bedfordshire Police officers in 2013. The Labour Party spokesperson confirmed the suspension on Wednesday, stating that Martins had breached party rules by disclosing information without authority. The party said it took the matter seriously, and that Martins was being investigated by the National Executive Committee (NEC). According to reports, Martins had shared non-public information about the Briggs case with journalists. He allegedly provided details about a meeting between the police and the Crown Prosecution Service, where decisions were made about whether to charge officers involved in Briggs' death. Martins' suspension has caused a stir in Bedfordshire, where he was elected PCC in 2012 before losing re-election in 2016. Some of his supporters have criticised the Labour Party's decision, while others have suggested that it was necessary to uphold party rules. Speaking to the BBC, Martins denied any wrongdoing and said he had "acted in good faith" to ensure that justice was served for Briggs' family. He said he had made the disclosures after becoming frustrated with the lack of transparency and accountability around the case. Briggs, who had a history of mental health issues, died after being arrested by police under the Mental Health Act. According to an Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) investigation, he was restrained using a belt and cuffs by up to six officers for more than 13 minutes, despite showing signs of distress and struggling to breathe. The IPCC found that his detention was unlawful, and that the officers involved had used unreasonable force. They also found evidence of institutional racism within the Bedfordshire Police force. In 2019, three officers were cleared of manslaughter charges in connection with Briggs' death. A fourth officer was found guilty of gross misconduct and dismissed from the force. Martins' suspension is just the latest development in a case that has exposed deep-rooted issues within Bedfordshire Police. The force has been criticised for its handling of the Briggs case, as well as for failing to adequately address concerns around institutional racism. Many have called for further investigations and reforms to address these issues and ensure that justice is served for Leon Briggs and his family. In the meantime, Martins' suspension serves as a reminder that the pursuit of justice must always be guided by rules and regulations, even in the face of frustration and uncertainty.