article: Dustyn Skyler Roff had two black eyes and had been punched repeatedly for weeks . By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 10:48 PM on 3rd January 2012 . A boy, who was beaten to death, was covered in more than 100 bruises and had two black eyes when he was found. Dustyn Skyler Roff, four, was allegedly killed at his mother's apartment by her boyfriend, 21-year-old Michael Allen Seaton. Seaton has been charged with murder over the death of the child in Houston, Texas on December 15. Innocence: Dustyn Skyler Roff, four, was discovered with more than 100 bruises on his body after being beaten to death in Houston, Texas . The mother Britni Glover, 23, told authorities that she allowed her boyfriend to look after her son while she went to work. She said Seaton had told her that Dustyn got the black eyes from 'a fall'. According to reports filed at the Harris County District Attorney's Office, the child had two black eyes, a cut on his chin and bruises all over his body. There was also severe damage to his internal organs. His cause of death was found to be blunt-force trauma. The bruises were at different . healing stages, showing that the young boy had been beaten viciously over a number of weeks. Murder charge: Michael Allen Seaton, 21, is being held in Harris County over the death of his girlfriend's four-year-old son . Neglect: Britni Glover, left her son with boyfriend Seaton, while she went to work and witnessed him beating the four-year-old . On the night of December 15, the mother returned from work and witnessed Seaton punching and kicking her child. Later, . after the boyfriend had left her home, she said Dustyn complained of a sore . stomach and collapsed. At 5am the following morning, she discovered her . son unconscious and not breathing so she called emergency services. Dustyn was pronounced death at the scene. Glover has also been charged with injury to her child, serious bodily injury, and for not protecting him from Seaton. Trusting: Dylan Skyler Roff had been repeatedly beaten over a number of weeks at his home in Texas . According to Dustyn's father Charles Blake Roff, his estranged wife had taken the boy during a visit and he had been trying to locate his son's whereabouts for four months. At a news conference yesterday, the 25-year-old said he was the boy's sole caretaker until that time and was working on gaining full legal custody of him, according to chron.com. The couple are in the middle of a divorce and had not yet worked out custody rights for their son. Prior to the child's death, reports had been filed with Child Protection Services for neglect and possible physical abuse. Custody battle: Charles Blake Roff has been searching for his son Dustyn for the past four months after Britni Glover disappeared with him during a visit .
highlights: Dustyn Skyler Roff had two black eyes and had been punched repeatedly for weeks .
id: f9c288bfea3b65b77d67f40f044bcb64f9b817b2
chatgpt: In a shocking case of domestic violence, Dustyn Skyler Roff, a 24-year-old resident of Tulsa, Oklahoma, was found to have sustained multiple injuries as a result of physical abuse from an unknown assailant. According to sources close to the victim, Roff had been punched repeatedly for weeks, leading to the formation of two black eyes and numerous bruises and contusions all over his body. Local law enforcement officials were alerted to the situation by concerned friends and relatives of Roff, who had noticed a marked change in his behavior and appearance over the past few weeks. Upon arriving at Roff's residence, officers discovered the victim in a distressed and battered state, and immediately transported him to a nearby hospital for medical treatment. The incident has sparked outrage and calls for action from advocates and activists focused on issues of domestic violence and abuse. Many are asking questions about the broader societal patterns and norms that enable and perpetuate such violent behavior, particularly towards marginalized communities and individuals who may be more vulnerable to such abuse. Experts in the field suggest that while cases like Roff's may be alarming and distressing, they are far from uncommon. Domestic violence and abuse are significant problems in many parts of the world, affecting individuals from all walks of life and communities. There is a pressing need for increased efforts and resources to be directed towards the prevention and treatment of such violence, including improved education and awareness programs, as well as better support and care for victims and survivors. In the case of Roff, authorities have launched an investigation into the matter and are currently working to identify the perpetrator or perpetrators responsible for the physical abuse. They are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward and assist with their efforts. Meanwhile, friends and family members of Roff are expressing shock and dismay at the extent of the violence inflicted upon their loved one. A GoFundMe campaign has been launched to help Roff cover the costs of his medical treatment and other expenses related to his recovery. The incident has once again brought to light the urgent need for greater awareness and action around issues of domestic violence and related forms of abuse. Advocates and activists are calling on individuals and communities to come together and take a stand against such violence, and to support those who have been affected by it. As authorities continue to investigate the case of Dustyn Skyler Roff and work to bring those responsible for his abuse to justice, it is clear that there is much work to be done in order to address the underlying issues and root causes of such violence. It is hoped that greater attention, resources, and support will be directed towards the prevention and treatment of domestic violence and abuse, in order to ensure that all individuals are able to live free from fear and harm.