article: (CNN) -- Reactions to Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: People are still having them! Earlier this week, we heard what both Britney Spears and Paula Patton had to say about the performance. (Spoiler alert: They think she's just being Miley.) But while both those stars were shrugging their shoulders, another music legend was sharpening her claws. "I'm not old-fashioned," Cher told USA Today in an interview published Tuesday. "She could have come out naked, and if she'd just rocked the house, I would have said, 'You go, girl.' It just wasn't done well. She can't dance, her body looked like hell, the song wasn't great, one cheek was hanging out. And, chick, don't stick out your tongue if it's coated." EW: Paula Patton reacts to Miley Cyrus' VMAs performance . Ouch! It's one thing to slam Miley's choice of outfit or sexually-charged behavior; it's quite another to question the girl's talent itself. And coming from someone who knows a thing or two about rockin' it while wearing revealing outfits — not to mention clearly visible buttocks — that comment is harsher still. EW: Britney Spears defends Miley Cyrus on 'GMA', plus 4 other things we learned . Evidently, Cyrus is taking Cher's burn in stride. She hasn't responded to Cher's words on social media, choosing instead to keep touting the phenomenal success of "Wrecking Ball," her latest single. ("#1 on Billboard. #1 on iTunes. #1 on Spotify. #1 on Streaming. #1 on Digital songs. #1 most added to pop radio. #1 on VEVO," according to Miley.) And maybe it was the young star's high-road tactics — not to mention a barrage of criticism about her criticism — that prompted Cher to backtrack on Twitter yesterday. "What I should have said [is],"I didn't like it that much,but she's Pushing The Envelope,being an ARTIST !" the Oscar winner wrote. "She's Talented,& DIDNT COMMIT A FELONY[.]" Good points all, Cher — though some might argue that "flicking that tongue as deamons do" should be grounds for at least a time-out. See the original story at EW.com.
highlights: Cher says Cyrus "come out naked, and if she'd just rocked the house" Cher later backtracked on Twitter . The singer said Cyrus is talented .
id: ee9fd6afa94a6fffea50cdb3998cfb81a344dc75
chatgpt: Pop icons Cher and Miley Cyrus have been making headlines over the past few days after Cher made comments at the 2019 Kennedy Center Honors that caused controversy. During her tribute to honoree Cyrus, Cher remarked, "I just wanted to see what she was going to wear tonight. So I came in behind her, and I was dressed in something that was like a Bodysuit. And chain mail. And then she come out naked, and if she'd just rocked the house, I would've said 'yeah'".  These comments were met with mixed reactions, with many fans of both women feeling that Cher's words were inappropriate and objectifying towards Cyrus. Some pointed out that Cyrus has been vocal about how her past experiences with being oversexualized have affected her, and that Cher's comments seemed to perpetuate that.  However, Cher has since taken to Twitter to clarify her remarks and show support for Cyrus. In a tweet posted on December 16th, the pop legend wrote, "Re: Miley Cyrus I Think What I Think,&  I Say What I say! I'd  Rather Be  Hated For Who Iam Than  Loved For Who I'm Not‼️&  I’m  a  little  Scared Of  ppl Who R So Suportive they  R  scarry .😂. Everything  is Great Between Us 'SHE'S FABULOUS' .  Despite the controversy, it's clear that both Cher and Cyrus have a lot of respect for each other. During the Kennedy Center Honors, Cher spoke at length about how much she admires Cyrus, saying, "I'm here to sing the praises, actually scream the praises, of...a woman who has been at the forefront of a fight, a fight for LGBTQ rights, for gender equality, and for the simple notion that we are all born naked and the rest is just drag." For her part, Cyrus has also been vocal about how much Cher means to her. In a recent interview with Rolling Stone, the "Wrecking Ball" singer talked about how she used to impersonate Cher as a child and how much it meant to her when the pop icon called her to collaborate on a song. "She's always been very supportive of me," Cyrus said. "She's always been there for me." The controversy surrounding Cher's comments at the Kennedy Center Honors highlights the ongoing conversation around feminism and the male gaze in the entertainment industry. While some argue that Cyrus's choice to perform in provocative outfits is empowering, others feel that it perpetuates harmful stereotypes about female performers. Regardless of one's opinions on the matter, it's clear that both Cher and Cyrus are talented artists who have had a big impact on the music industry.