article: (CNN) -- Hundreds of inmates using pipes and shanks as weapons trashed a California prison, burning a courtyard, ripping beds to shreds and tearing bathroom sinks from walls, a new video of the weekend riot's aftermath shows. A dormitory is trashed after a riot at the California Institution for men, in Chino. Video shot by CNN affiliate KABC-TV gave the first glimpse of the damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino from a riot that authorities said was ignited by racial tensions. "This certainly is probably the worst that we've seen, especially adding the extensive damage to the unit that has been burned," prison spokesman Lt. Mark Hargrove told reporters outside the prison Tuesday. "That has never happened at this facility before." The riot erupted Saturday night and raged until Sunday morning, injuring 250 inmates. Fifty-five inmates were taken to hospitals with serious injuries, including stab wounds and head trauma.  Watch the aftermath of the violence » . "The prison is still under a state of emergency," George Kostyrko, a spokesman for the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation told CNN, which means no visitors were allowed and the prison could not take any new inmates. Corrections officials said they transferred about 1,150 inmates to other facilities.  "The ones that are there are likely in a lockdown mode until an investigation can determine whether or not they were directly responsible for the riot," Kostyrko said. The decision to lock down the Chino prison and nine others in southern California was still in effect Tuesday. "The lockdowns will remain in effect until all the staff that we deployed to Chino from other areas go back home," Kostyrko said. The measure was taken to prevent copy-cat violence. Though other races were involved, the altercations at Chino mostly involved Hispanics and African-Americans, Kostyrko said. About 80 officers responded to the scene, but none of the staff was injured. A housing unit was heavily damaged by fire. Prisoners broke windows and pulled down pipes to use as weapons, Kostyrko said. The facility has seven units, each of which houses about 200 inmates. In one of the torched dormitories, burned red prison uniforms were strewn everywhere, the floor was covered with ankle-high ashes, windows were shattered and there was a large hole in the roof. In the mounds of trash that littered the floor of the dorm, a rusty foot-long pipe could be seen. Most of the residential areas were badly damaged and some inmates were being temporarily housed in tents, the spokesman said. Chino is about 35 miles east of Los Angeles.
highlights: Video gives glimpse of damage to the California Institution for Men in Chino . Authorities say riot was sparked by racial tensions . Chino prison and nine others in southern California remain in lockdown .
id: 0859ca6e3991415f9c6ff1915057cb3a77886b69
chatgpt: A disturbing video has been released giving a glimpse into the damage caused during a recent riot at the California Institution for Men in Chino.  Authorities have stated that the cause of the riot was due to escalating racial tensions within the prison. The prison, along with nine others in southern California, remains in lockdown following the violent incident.  The video, which has been released by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (CDCR), shows the aftermath of the two-day riot that occurred on August 28th and 29th. The video footage shows the extent of the destruction, and the severity of the incident.  The prison suffered significant damage during the riot, with cells and prison property smashed and in disarray. The footage also shows inmates sitting on the roof of the prison, holding signs and chanting. The damage caused during the riot has been estimated to be in the millions of dollars.  The situation at the prison is being closely monitored by officials, who are working to restore order and address the underlying issues that led to the violent incident.  The CDCR has released a statement condemning the riot and calling for calm. "We are deeply concerned about the recent riot at the California Institution for Men in Chino," the statement read. "Our top priority remains the safety and security of our staff, inmates, and the public. We will continue to work tirelessly to restore order and address the underlying issues that led to this incident." According to officials, the situation is rapidly improving, and it is hoped that the lockdown will be lifted soon. However, tension remains high within the prison, and authorities are continuing to monitor the situation closely.  The riot has once again highlighted the challenges facing the state's prison system, which has been grappling with overcrowding and rising tensions between inmates. It has also reignited the debate over the use of lockdowns as a means of maintaining order within the prison system.  The California Institution for Men is a maximum-security prison that houses approximately 3,000 inmates. The institution has been the site of previous riots and disturbances, and officials are working to address the underlying issues that led to the recent incident in order to prevent future outbreaks of violence. In conclusion, the recent riot at the California Institution for Men in Chino has caused significant damage and raised concerns about the safety and security of the state's prison system. While authorities move to restore order and address the underlying issues that led to the incident, it is clear that more work needs to be done to prevent future outbreaks of violence within the system.