article: By . Jennifer Newton . A woman received a letter in her mailbox more than 45 years after it was posted but only received an apology for the poor condition of the envelope. Anne Tingle, from Calgary, Alberta, Canada was sent the letter in 1969 from her then nine-year-old sister, Esther thanking her for allowing to stay with her over the summer. But despite being lost in the post for more than four decades, the letter arrived in plastic with a note from Canada Post apologising for the condition of the envelope, but not the huge delay. Mrs Tingle holds up her letter from her sister, which she recieved after being lost in the post for 45 years . Mrs Tingle says her sister Ester can't even remember sending the letter, which cost six-cent, but was amused by the contents of the written note, which included a poem and an invite. The letter was sent in the same year Apollo 11 first put man on the moon. That trip was 238,000 miles and took just three days compared to the 45 years it took for Mrs Tingle's letter to travel less than 125 miles. But despite the delay, Mrs Tingle praised Canada Post for eventually reunited her with her piece of post. The hand written letter from her sister Esther thanked Mrs Tingle for allowing her to stay during the summer and also included a poem and an invite . She told CTV News: 'It doesn't even have an address on it. 'Kudos to Canada Post. They got it to me with no address to work with and only six cents to spur it on.' Her sister Esther also added: 'I was blown away. It is like getting back a piece of history.' Speaking to the Calgary Sun she also added: 'Had it been news of a huge inheritance that I'm now far too late to collect, then it would be a different story. Canada Post apologised for the poor condition of the envelope rather than the long delay . 'This was a lovely surprise.' Anick Losier, a spokeswoman for Canada Post, said: 'In this particular case we're still not able to explain it, and in some cases it remains a mystery - I wish I knew the answer. 'What's really great though is I'm sure this made her day - we wish it had been on time, but we're really, really happy it got delivered.'
highlights: Anne Tingle's sister Esther sent her a letter through the post 45 years ago . But Mrs Tingle from Calgary, Canada only received it now . Canada Post apologise for poor condition of the envelope but not the delay . But she praises the postal service for finally reuniting her with her letter .
id: 991c7e655dab88a98b980bef0b1e897e82224ddb
chatgpt: After waiting 45 long years, Anne Tingle from Calgary, Canada has finally been reunited with a precious letter sent by her sister Esther. The letter, which was sent through the post, had been lost all these years but has finally found its way to its intended recipient. Anne Tingle couldn't believe her eyes when she received the long-lost letter from her sister Esther. The letter, which had been sent 45 years ago, had finally arrived in the mail. It was in a poor condition, but Ms Tingle was overjoyed to finally receive it. When questioned about the delay in delivery, Canada Post apologized for the poor condition of the envelope but did not provide any explanation for the 45-year delay. However, Anne Tingle is just happy to have received the letter after all these years. Despite the delay, Ms Tingle has praised the postal service for finally reuniting her with her letter. "I am just glad that it finally arrived," she said. "It is a very special moment for me." The lost letter had been on an incredible journey for the past 45 years. It is unclear how and why it took so long to be delivered, but it has finally reached its destination. The envelope was so old and worn out that the letter inside was almost falling out. The letter contained a handwritten message from Anne Tingle's sister Esther who moved to England after her marriage. It was an emotional message that was written by Esther when Anne's first husband passed away. The message offered comfort and support during a difficult time. Ms Tingle said that she was overwhelmed with emotions when she finally received the long-lost letter. She was also grateful that Canada Post had not thrown the letter away, and had instead made an effort to find its rightful owner. This story is a reminder of the importance of communication, and the role that postal services can play in bringing people together. Even though this letter was lost for 45 years, it has finally found its way to its intended recipient through the determination and diligence of Canada Post. In conclusion, Anne Tingle's long-lost letter is a heartwarming story of perseverance and patience. This is a reminder to us all that we should never give up hope, and that our letters, no matter how old or worn out, can still reach us when the time is right.