article: (CNN) -- An early morning earthquake rattled northern Illinois on Wednesday, shaking an area about 50 miles west-northwest of downtown Chicago, the U.S. Geological Survey said. The quake was originally reported as having a magnitude of 4.3, but the USGS later downgraded it to magnitude 3.8. It hit just before 4 a.m. CT (5 a.m. ET), with an epicenter about 3 miles underground. The USGS pinpointed the quake between the towns of Virgil and Sycamore, Illinois. Millions of people felt the temblor, with reports coming in to the USGS from Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Iowa and Wisconsin, as well as Illinois. Members of the public sent more than 10,000 reports of the earthquake to the USGS within the first few hours after it struck. See local coverage of the Illinois earthquake . Several callers to CNN said the quake shook their homes severely, but there were no immediate reports of major damage. Doug Dupont of Belvidere, Illinois, about 70 miles northwest of downtown Chicago, said the quake shook him out of bed and caused a 1-foot-long crack in the wall of his kitchen. "It was really scary. It felt like a train was going by our house," Dupont said. "This is not California. This is northern Illinois. We are not supposed to get earthquakes." Did you feel it? Tell the world about it . Rex Covington, who lives about five miles west of Elgin, Illinois, told CNN affiliate WGN that the tremor lasted five or six seconds -- and also shook him out of bed. "I was sleeping and the whole bed was shaking, it was that violent," Covington said. "The whole house shook," Walter Mockus of St. Charles, Illinois, told WGN. "The chimes that hang were all ringing. It was so loud, I thought a plane had gone down." The shaking also woke up Sarah Evans, of Elgin, Illinois. She immediately turned to the microblogging site Twitter, where she has 38,000 "followers," to see if anyone else had felt the quake. Evans instantly found others in her area who had experienced the shaking, and says she found them comforting because "I'd never felt an earthquake before." Read about how Evans confirmed the earthquake and connected with others on Twitter . The Illinois earthquake was mild compared to the one that leveled parts of Haiti last month, according to the USGS. The Haiti quake was about 33,000 times as powerful. Some of the strongest earthquakes ever known to hit the United States took place in the Mississippi River valley in 1811, 1812, and 1895, but Wednesday's Illinois event was 250 miles or more to the north of those temblors, said Randy Baldwin, a geophysicist with the USGS. "This is a different area geologically," he said, calling Wednesday's earthquake unrelated to the New Madrid quakes of the 19th century. CNN's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: USGS revises magnitude down to 3.8 . NEW: "It was so loud, I thought a plane had gone down," man says . NEW: Quake in Haiti was 33,000 times as powerful . Epicenter was 50 miles from Chicago and 3 miles underground .
id: 929b8ad9ab49b39aea3bda7120bbeae19cd2d8e4
chatgpt: A minor earthquake with a magnitude of 3.8 rattled parts of the Midwest on Monday morning. The quake was centered near the town of Pawnee, Illinois, which is about 50 miles southeast of Springfield. According to the United States Geological Survey (USGS), the epicenter was about 3 miles underground. The earthquake struck at 6:47 a.m. local time and was felt across the region. Many residents reported feeling the ground shake and hearing a loud boom. "It was so loud, I thought a plane had gone down," said one man who lives in the area. The USGS initially reported the earthquake as a magnitude 4.2, but later revised it down to 3.8. The earthquake was not strong enough to cause any significant damage, though some residents reported items falling off shelves. The earthquake was the largest to hit the area since a magnitude 5.2 earthquake struck the region in 2008. That quake was centered in southern Illinois and was felt as far away as Kansas City, Missouri. Despite the size of Monday's earthquake, it was still more than 33,000 times less powerful than the devastating earthquake that struck Haiti in 2010. That quake, which had a magnitude of 7.0, killed more than 200,000 people and left millions homeless. Earthquakes are not uncommon in the Midwest, though they are usually less severe than earthquakes in other parts of the country. The region sits on the New Madrid fault line, which is responsible for some of the largest earthquakes ever recorded in the continental United States. The most powerful quake on record in the region was a magnitude 8.3 that struck in 1812. Experts say that while earthquakes in the Midwest are not as common as in other parts of the country, they can still be dangerous. "People need to be prepared for earthquakes no matter where they live," said John Bellini, a geophysicist with the USGS. "Even a small earthquake can cause damage to buildings and infrastructure." Despite the relatively small size of Monday's earthquake, it caused concern among some residents who have been on edge since a series of deadly earthquakes struck California earlier this year. "It's scary to think that earthquakes can happen anywhere," said one woman who lives in the area. The USGS is continuing to monitor the area for aftershocks, though none have been reported as of yet. Officials are urging residents to remain vigilant and prepared for any potential quakes in the future.