article: Hull are making an improved bid for Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes by offering £10million for the Scotland international. Blackburn rejected Hull's opening offer of £8m plus add ons as they value the striker at £14m. Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer confirmed Hull's interest in the 24-year-old, who signed a new contract in July. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Steve Bruce's reaction after opening day win against QPR . Striker: Hull City have made a bid for Blackburn and Scotland forward Jordan Rhodes . Bowyer is working with a squad of 22 players with three of them goalkeepers and will struggle without a player who has scored 53 goals in 99 games. Hull need a striker and one of their other targets Lorient's Vincent Aboubakar is poised to join Porto who are in talks to sell Jackson Martinez to AC Milan. Blackburn's owners are considering bids for the 24-year-old Scotland international, who signed a new long-term contract at Ewood Park in July. Rovers paid Huddersfield a club-record fee of £8m for Rhodes in 2012 and he has since scored 53 goals in 99 games. Bowyer said: 'There has been an enquiry which has been taken to the board and the owners. That's as much as I know.' Steve Bruce is in need of another striker after selling Shane Long to Southampton and has been rebuffed by Manchester United's Danny Welbeck while also considering Watford's Troy Deeney, Vincent Aboubakar of Lorient and Steven Fletcher at Sunderland. Rhodes has scored 52 goals in 90 games for Blackburn since joining from Huddersfield for £8million. Bruce was dealt a blow on Wednesday after his £7million summer signing Robert Snodgrass was sidelined for six months after dislocating his knee cap. In addition, Alex Bruce is ruled out with a back injury and, following the sale of Shane Long to Southampton last week, Bruce is fully aware of the need to act before the transfer window slams shut. VIDEO Tigers dealt cruel Snodgrass blow . Transfer: Rhodes signed for Blackburn in 2012 after three very successful seasons with Huddersfield . Blow: New Hull signing Robert Snodgrass is out of action for up to six months with a dislocated knee . It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager .
highlights: Hull City bid for Jordan Rhodes . Move confirmed by Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer . Steve Bruce dealt blow as Robert Snodgrass ruled out for six months . Bruce has failed with an attempt to sign Danny Welbeck .
id: b519e68092b77d1b5be290b09bf758b8548e8c12
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, Hull City has made a bid for the services of Jordan Rhodes, a prolific striker from Blackburn Rovers. The move has been confirmed by Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer, who has stated that the club is willing to listen to offers for the player. Rhodes has been in sparkling form for Blackburn, scoring 13 goals in 19 appearances this season. His record in front of goal has caught the attention of several Premier League clubs, and Hull City seems to have taken the initiative to make a move for the striker. However, the news of Hull's interest in Rhodes has been overshadowed by a major setback for the club. Robert Snodgrass, one of the key players for Hull City, has been ruled out for six months due to a knee injury. The Scottish midfielder suffered the injury during the game against Queens Park Rangers, and it was later confirmed that he had ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament. The injury comes as a major blow for Steve Bruce's men, who had been hoping to build on their impressive start to the season. Snodgrass has been one of the standout performers for Hull City, scoring four goals and providing five assists in 16 appearances this season. To make matters worse, Steve Bruce has reportedly failed with an attempt to sign Danny Welbeck on loan from Arsenal. The Hull City manager had been keen to bring in the England international to bolster his attacking options, but it seems that Welbeck is not interested in making a move to the KC Stadium. Despite these setbacks, Hull City remains determined to strengthen their squad during the January transfer window. The bid for Rhodes is seen as a statement of intent from the club, as they look to challenge for a top-half finish in the Premier League. The move for Rhodes is not without its risks, however. The striker has been known to be injury-prone, and his record in front of goal has been inconsistent at times. But if he can reproduce the form he has shown for Blackburn, he could be a valuable addition to Hull City's squad. Only time will tell if Hull's bid for Rhodes will be successful, but one thing is for sure: the club is not afraid to take risks in their pursuit of success.