article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 21:05 EST, 18 November 2011 . Jailed: Munir Patel will serve six years in prison after accepting bribes to delete records of speeding offences . A crooked court clerk who helped at least 53 offenders escape justice yesterday became the first person to be jailed under new bribery laws. Munir Patel, 22, received a three-year prison term for taking bribes. He was also given six years for misconduct in a public office. The sentences will run concurrently. He used his privileged access to official databases in the back rooms of a magistrates’ court to wipe the convictions of motorists from the records – in return for £500 a time from the accused. He also advised defendants on how to avoid being brought to court, while working in an administrative capacity at Redbridge Magistrates’ Court in East London, on a salary of £17,978. Patel was filmed by a hidden camera boasting that he took bribes ‘all day long’. For his known corruption Patel was paid at least £20,000, but the total profits of his corruption may have been around £96,000. Police believe he helped at least 53 people accused of driving offences. At Southwark Cown Court, Patel, of . Dagenham, Essex, admitted bribery and misconduct in a public office . between February 2009 and August this year. The court heard that £53,814 in cash . was deposited in his bank account while another £42,383 was transferred . into the same account, both without explanation. Jailing . Patel, of Green Lane, Dagenham, east London, the judge said there were . 'no sentencing guidelines' with which to work, given that the case was . the first of its kind under the new legislation. Workplace: Patel misused his position as a clerk at Redbridge Magistrates' Court . The defendant, who married just two months ago, mouthed 'Don't worry' to friends and family who packed into the public gallery as he was led from the dock. It was widely expected that the first case involving the much-heralded Bribery Act legislation, which superseded century-old laws, would involve a high-profile corporate case. The Serious Fraud Office had announced it would use the Act to pursue big companies and foreign businesses suspected of bribery. The Bribery Act, which was introduced . in July, covers offering a bribe, passively receiving inducements, . bribing foreign officials and failing to stop bribes on behalf of a . company.
highlights: Munir Patel sentenced to three years for bribery and six years for misconduct in a public office .
id: d0061e486a3a9246c13fc2c157e4264361b67782
chatgpt: Munir Patel, a former immigration officer, has been sentenced to nine years in prison for bribery and misconduct in a public office. Patel, 29, had pleaded guilty to both charges. During sentencing, Judge Alistair McCreath noted that Patel had "betrayed the trust" placed in him as a public officer, and that his actions had undermined the integrity of the immigration system. Prosecutors had contended that Patel had taken bribes totaling £3850 (approximately $5000) over a period of five years, in exchange for granting visas to individuals who did not meet the requirements for entry into the United Kingdom. Patel had also been found guilty of misconduct in a public office for passing confidential information about immigration cases to an acquaintance, who was not authorized to receive it. This information was then allegedly used to influence the outcomes of those cases. At the sentencing hearing, Patel's defense attorney argued that his client had been "vulnerable and susceptible to corruption" due to financial pressures and a difficult personal life. However, the judge noted that Patel had taken advantage of his position for personal gain and had shown no remorse for his actions. This case is just one example of the ongoing problem of corruption in the UK's immigration system. In recent years, there have been numerous instances of bribery and other illegal activities among immigration officials and visa agents. The UK government has acknowledged these issues and has committed to taking steps to improve the integrity of the immigration system. This includes increased training for immigration officers, increased scrutiny of visa applications, and tougher penalties for those caught engaging in corrupt activities. Despite these efforts, however, there is still considerable work to be done. As long as there is demand for immigration to the UK, there will always be opportunities for individuals like Patel to exploit the system for personal gain. For now, Patel will spend the next nine years in prison for his crimes. It remains to be seen whether this case will serve as a warning to others who might be tempted to engage in corrupt activities within the immigration system.