article: By . Jenny Hope Medical Correspondent . Warning: Hay fever misery is set to strike thousands more older people who were never sufferers in the past, warn experts (file picture) Hay fever misery is set to strike thousands more older people who were never sufferers in the past, warn experts. The curse of late-onset hay fever affects people in their 30s, 40s, 50s and even older who become vulnerable for the first time. Up to 18 million Britons suffer hay fever, with their numbers increasing by almost one per cent a year. Triggers such as pollution, stress and even moving home can cause symptoms in people with a genetic predisposition to hay fever whose immune systems have reached a ‘tipping point’. Professor Jean Emberlin, scientific director of the charity Allergy UK, said: ‘They have to become sensitised and more people will reach this threshold because of the interaction between pollen and traffic pollution. ‘The allergens change because the nitrates from traffic pollution intensify the nitrates from the pollen.’ Prof Emberlin said late-onset hay fever was becoming more prevalent for a number of reasons. Air pollution was a key factor, along with exposure to allergens new to the individual. For example, someone moving from the countryside to the city would be exposed to more pollution that ‘charges’ the pollen released there. Similarly, moving from the city to rural areas exposes the individual to naturally higher pollen counts that trigger hay fever in susceptible people. Having a more stressful job can also be a cause, she said, because it changes the immune system. ‘I’ve spoken to people in their 60s who tell me it’s the first time they’ve had hay fever, but it’s possible,’ said Prof Emberlin. ‘They may have the classic profile but . not previously been exposed to sufficient pollen, or other . circumstances, to tip them into suffering symptoms.’ Late-onset: Triggers such as air pollution and a more stressful job can cause symptoms in people with a genetic predisposition to hay fever whose immune systems have reached a 'tipping point' (file picture) She advised hay fever sufferers to start taking antihistamine now – before the grass pollen season that begins in the last week of May, which may be worse than usual this year. ‘It looks as though there’s going to be smaller amounts of grass pollen around for longer,’ said the professor. ‘Taking precautions now will help prevent the immune  system from over-reacting. The more sensitised people become to pollen, the more likely they are to react to lower levels.’ Maureen Jenkins, director of clinical services at Allergy UK, said hay fever is associated with the development of asthma and urged sufferers to seek medical advice if their symptoms do not improve with medication.
highlights: Hay fever is set to strike people in 30s, 40s, 50s and older for first time . Up to 18 million Britons suffer from condition - and number is on rise . Triggers like pollution and stress can cause symptoms in older people . They affect those whose immune systems have reached 'tipping point'
id: 3f624579c221492875accdc0daab5017fa5eadfb
chatgpt: Hay fever, a condition caused by an allergy to pollen from grass and trees, is set to afflict people in their 30s, 40s, 50s and older for the first time. Previously, hay fever was most common among those aged between 10 and 30 years old, but now the condition has become more common and prevalent in older age groups. This is due to the fact that the immune systems of these individuals have reached a 'tipping point.' According to recent data, up to 18 million people in the UK suffer from hay fever, and this number is continuing to rise. The trigger for symptoms in older people can be a combination of factors, including increased pollution and stress levels. These can weaken the immune system, causing more severe allergic reactions to pollen and triggering symptoms such as itchy eyes, runny nose and sneezing. Experts have advised that hay fever sufferers can alleviate the impact of the condition by taking simple preventative measures, such as wearing sunglasses and using nasal sprays, as well as taking antihistamines. In some cases, immunotherapy injections may be prescribed in order to increase the body's tolerance to pollen, which can lead to long-term reduction of symptoms. Dr. George Du Toit, a consultant pediatric allergist, has warned that hay fever in people in their 30s and beyond can be particularly severe. He explained that "the immune system undergoes changes as we age, which can cause more serious reactions to allergens, such as pollen. People who have never had hay fever before may find that they suddenly develop symptoms, even if they're in their 50s or 60s." Many hay fever sufferers have expressed concern about the increasing number of people affected by the condition, and have called for more research to be undertaken in order to develop more effective treatments. With the number of hay fever sufferers set to continue increasing, it is important for both medical professionals and sufferers alike to be aware of the condition's impact on older individuals. In conclusion, hay fever is no longer just a condition that affects young people; it is becoming increasingly common among those in their 30s, 40s, 50s and older. The immune system changes that come with ageing can put older individuals at greater risk of developing hay fever symptoms, and this can be exacerbated by factors such as pollution and stress. However, there are simple preventative measures that can be taken in order to reduce the impact of hay fever, and medical professionals are working to develop more effective treatments for the condition.