article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 06:44 EST, 1 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 09:37 EST, 1 January 2014 . A man has been pictured performing the anti-Semitic 'salute' made famous by Nicolas Anelka in front of the Jewish school where three children were killed in a 2012 massacre. The photograph shared on social media has helped to fuel anger over the 'quenelle', which was invented by an outspoken comedian accused of espousing extremist views. The gesture, said to resemble a Nazi salute, was brought to international fame last week when Mr Anelka made it after scoring a goal for West Bromwich Albion. Outrage: This photograph shows an unidentified man performing the quenelle, an allegedly anti-Semitic salute, outside the Jewish school where three children were killed in 2012 . Controversy: Nicolas Anelka made the gesture after scoring against West Ham United on Saturday . The footballer insists he was unaware of the gesture's alleged racist connotations, and only meant to show support for comedian Dieudonné M'Bala M'Bala. However, numerous photographs have emerged of members of the public performing the 'quenelle' in front of Holocaust memorials, concentration camps and a poster of Anne Frank. The latest image to spark outrage in France shows an unidentified man doing the gesture at the Ozar Hatorah school in Toulouse, site of the worst school shooting in the country's history. Anti-Semitic terrorist Mohammed Merah targeted the school during a gun rampage in March 2012, murdering a rabbi and three children aged three, six and eight. Friends: Anelka with comedian Dieudonné, who invented the quenelle gesture . In the photograph, which has been widely circulated online in the wake of the Anelka row, the man performing the quenelle is wearing a T-shirt depicting former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. The salute involves extending one arm, as in a Nazi salute, but keeping it by your side as you touch your shoulder with the other arm. Mr Anelka has refused to apologise for doing the quenelle during a game against West Ham United last Saturday, but has agreed not to repeat the gesture in future. He claimed the salute was intended to be 'anti-system' and was a sign of his friendship with Dieudonné. Symbol: Samir Nasri of Manchester City was also pictured doing the quenelle and has since apologised . It has emerged that other sportsmen, including Manchester City's Samir Nasri and basketball star Tony Parker, have been pictured with the comedian performing the gesture. They all say they were unaware of any anti-Semitic connotations, and Dieudonné himself claims the quenelle is a symbol of defiance. The comedian has multiple convictions for anti-Jewish hate speech, and has been accused of using his act for 'professional anti-Semitism'. Killing: The school in Toulouse pictured in the aftermath of the massacre in March 2012 .
highlights: Unidentified man photographed outside Jewish school in Toulouse . He was performing the 'quenelle', a salute invented by a controversial comedian which is said to have anti-Semitic connotations . Nicolas Anelka sparked outrage with gesture last week .
id: d17ab1731d674974628cd936efd8e7f7c02e230c
chatgpt: In an alarming incident, an unidentified man was recently spotted performing the "quenelle" outside a Jewish school in Toulouse, France. The "quenelle" is a controversial hand gesture invented by French comedian Dieudonne M'bala M'bala, which critics say has anti-Semitic connotations. This incident comes in the wake of similar incidents in recent weeks, one of which was sparked by French footballer Nicolas Anelka. The "quenelle" gesture resembles a downward-pointing arm with the other hand extended towards the shoulder. This action has been compared to the Nazi salute and has been denounced by many as an anti-Semitic gesture. The man was captured on camera performing the "quenelle" outside of the Ohr Torah school in Toulouse, which has a predominantly Jewish student population. The image has since gone viral on social media, sparking outrage and concern amongst the Jewish community. The incident has echoes of a similar incident involving Anelka, who sparked outrage amongst the Jewish community when he performed the gesture during a football match. There were widespread calls for action against him, with some even calling for him to be banned from future games. Anelka subsequently issued a statement denying any anti-Semitic intent behind his gesture, but the fallout from this gesture and subsequent events have continued to cause controversy. The Jewish community in Toulouse has expressed their concern over this new incident and called on authorities to take appropriate action. A spokesperson for the school said, "We are deeply disturbed by this incident and we call on the authorities to take this matter seriously. Anti-Semitism has no place in our society, and we must work together to resist and combat it wherever we encounter it." French authorities are yet to comment on the incident but have been quick to respond to similar incidents in the past. In 2013, French President Francois Hollande announced a crackdown on hate crimes and acts of anti-Semitism, following a spate of such incidents across the country. The "quenelle" gesture has continued to generate controversy and outrage, with many calling for it to be banned. Some have argued that it is a form of free expression and should be protected, while others have pointed out that it has been used as a tool of hatred and bigotry. As this incident and others show, the issue of anti-Semitism remains a significant problem in French society, and the authorities must take this matter seriously. The Jewish community in Toulouse and across France deserves to feel safe and secure, and it is essential that steps are taken to ensure that incidents like this do not occur again.