article: Rafael Nadal sounded a note of caution ahead of his return to grand slam action in the Australian Open, especially after being handed a tricky first round clash in Melbourne. Nadal won his ninth French Open title last year, but lost in the fourth round of Wimbledon and then spent almost three months on the sidelines with a wrist injury that forced him to miss the US Open. After returning to action the 28-year-old was diagnosed with appendicitis and underwent an operation at the start of November, leaving him unsure about how he will fare against unpredictable Russian Mikhail Youzhny when the first grand slam of 2015 gets under way on Monday. At an event with Caroline Wozniacki (right), Rafael Nadal said he was cautious ahead of Australian Open . Wozniacki (left) posted a photo to her Instagam account of her posing with the French Open champion . Nadal (left) could come up against Andy Murray (right) in the semi-finals of the first Grand Slam of the year . 'The first round is always very difficult,' Nadal said on Friday. 'Youzhny is a tough rival who knows how to play well in important matches. It's a special match for me because the last six or seven months I played only four matches. 'Every match is tough for me as it is like we are starting everything again. We will see how I am. I am doing the right things in practice to try to be competitive and I am confident with the last few days that remain I can improve my performance and hopefully be ready. 'Every match is tough when you are in shape, so imagine when you have hardly played for six or seven months. I have to try my best, play with the best attitude and if things are not going the best, I must try to be very positive and help myself to be competitive.' Nadal was speaking at an event to promote the Connected Racquet of sponsors Babolat, where he was joined by fellow player Caroline Wozniacki. Wozniacki was forced to withdraw from a recent event in Sydney due a wrist injury, but said: 'It's feeling good now and I feel 100 per cent ready to play. Hopefully I can get off to a good start to the season.' The 28-year-old was diagnosed with appendicitis and underwent an operation at the start of November . Nadal faces Russian Mikhail Youzhny in the first round of the tournament on Monday in Melbourne .
highlights: Rafael Nadal returns to tennis at the Australian Open on Monday . He is cautious over his return to the first Grand Slam of the year . The 28-year-old said: 'Every match is tough for me as it is like we are starting everything again.' He has been drawn against Russian Mikhail Youzhny in the first round . The Spaniard could come up against Andy Murray in the semi-finals .
id: 24bf645f9cb143eafc302556a0f26f190b74b408
chatgpt: Tennis superstar Rafael Nadal is set to make a comeback at the Australian Open on Monday after being sidelined due to an injury for several months. Nadal, who has won the tournament in 2009 and 2014, is being cautious about his return to the first Grand Slam of the year. The 28-year-old Spaniard shared his apprehension during a press conference, saying, "Every match is tough for me as it is like we are starting everything again. I will try to go step-by-step and try to be as competitive as possible." Nadal has been drawn against Russian Mikhail Youzhny in the first round. While Youzhny is an experienced player, Nadal is a formidable opponent, especially on hard courts. The tennis star has had to sit out several tournaments over the past year due to injury, including the US Open and the ATP Finals. He even had to withdraw from the Australian Open last year due to a hip injury. Despite his injury concerns, Nadal is determined to play at his best in the tournament. He has been working hard to keep his fitness levels up and has been practicing in Melbourne in the lead up to the event. Nadal's fans are eager to see him back on the court, but they know that his road to recovery will not be an easy one. However, his track record at the Australian Open is impressive, which has boosted his fans' confidence in his abilities. If Nadal advances in the tournament, he could come up against Andy Murray in the semi-finals. The two players have faced off many times over the years, and it promises to be an exciting and closely contested match if they meet again in the tournament. Overall, Nadal's return to the Australian Open has generated a buzz among fans and tennis enthusiasts alike. His fans will be keenly watching his progress in the tournament and hope to see him lift the trophy for the third time. Whether he wins or not, Nadal's return to the court is sure to be a major highlight of the Australian Open this year.