article: By . Martin Robinson and Rob Cooper . PUBLISHED: . 01:29 EST, 20 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:36 EST, 20 September 2013 . A Metropolitan Police officer is in a critical condition after being run over while trying to stop a speeding car in the early hours of the morning. PC Andy Duncan, 47, was hit after signalling for the black Volkswagen Golf to pull over in Sutton, south London. Officers this afternoon arrested a 25-year-old man on suspicion of causing serious injury while dangerous driving following the accident at around 1am. Scroll down for video . Hit-and-run: The road traffic officer tried to stop a vehicle on the A217 Reigate Avenue (pictured) in Sutton . Brutal: A discarded length of police tape lies at the scene where the brave officer was hit after he tried to flag down a car . PC Duncan was carrying out speeding checks with a colleague when the incident happened. Following the collision on the A217 Reigate Avenue at its junction with Rose Hill in Sutton, police found the vehicle abandoned nearby. Metropolitan . Police commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe praised the courage of . frontline officers this afternoon following the accident. 'An officer injured on duty is always upsetting for all of us in the . Met and our best wishes are with him at this time,' he said. 'We will of course . ensure that he, his family and his colleagues are being fully supported . and a thorough investigation into the incident has already begun. Detail: The PC was badly hurt at this busy junction in south-west London in the early hours of this morning . 'Whilst . serious injuries on duty are thankfully rare, it is a reminder of the . courage of our front-line staff when carrying out their role to keep . London safe.' Commander Dave Martin said PC Duncan is a 'popular' frontline policeman. 'Andy . is a hard working and committed police officer. He is extremely popular . with everyone he comes into contact with,' he said. 'The . thoughts of the Metropolitan Police are with Andy and his family at . this distressing time, we are all wishing for his recovery.' Another officer, who was on patrol with the victim, called an ambulance and PC Duncan was rushed to a nearby hospital. The road where the man was hit is closed this morning. Anyone . with information or witnesses are asked to call the Traffic Garage at . Hampton on 0208 941 9011 or anonymously on Crimestoppers on 0800 555 . 111. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: PC Andy Duncan tried to stop car but was run down by driver who sped off . Incident happened in Sutton, south-west London, at 12.50am today . Officer taken to south London hospital where he is in a critical condition .
id: a81f9376193aab49f6ec3661041f706db4991127
chatgpt: A police officer is in a critical condition in a south London hospital after being run down by a driver who refused to stop for questioning. The incident occurred in Sutton, south-west London at around 12.50am today. PC Andy Duncan was on duty and attempted to stop the car before being struck by the fleeing driver. The officer was left lying in the road as the driver sped away from the scene. Emergency services were called and PC Duncan was taken to a local hospital where he is said to be in a critical condition. His family has been notified and are being supported by colleagues. The Metropolitan Police are appealing for any witnesses to come forward with any information that may help with their investigation. CCTV footage is also being examined to help identify the driver responsible. Detective Chief Superintendent Bill Fordham expressed his shock and concern over the incident, saying: "Our thoughts are with the officer and his family at this time. This was a callous and reckless act that has left a member of our police family fighting for his life." Many in the community have expressed their support and well-wishes for PC Duncan and his family, with local MP Paul Scully tweeting: "Thoughts and prayers with the family and colleagues of PC Andy Duncan, critically injured in the line of duty." The incident serves as a reminder of the dangers police officers face on a daily basis while carrying out their duties. In recent years, there have been numerous cases of officers being attacked, injured or killed while on duty. The Metropolitan Police have reassured local residents that there will be an increased police presence in the area as they continue their investigation into the incident. The driver responsible for the hit-and-run is being sought by police and anyone with information is urged to come forward. The incident is being treated as a serious crime and the offender could face a lengthy prison sentence if caught and convicted.