article: (CNN) -- The American held in North Korea, Matthew Miller, begins his six-year sentence of hard labor on Thursday. A North Korean government official released a photo of Miller, taken on Wednesday. Dressed in a blue-gray prison garment with the number 107 and his head shaved, Miller is seen with his eyes downcast, staring away from the camera. Details about where he'll serve his sentence or what labor he will be required to do were not released. Miller was convicted of committing "acts hostile" to North Korea and sentenced earlier this month. North Korea has accused him of ripping up his visa on arrival to the country so he could go to prison and expose human rights violations there, according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency. KCNA described him as "rudely behaved," saying he was sent to infiltrate prison as part of a United States campaign against North Korea. "He perpetrated the above-said acts in the hope of becoming a world famous guy and the second Snowden through intentional hooliganism," state media said. Before being sent to prison, Miller asked his family for help in a phone call on Wednesday, according to a source. He has also written a letter imploring U.S. officials for help. The letters have been sent to Miller's family in which he addressed Speaker of the House John Boehner, Sen. Mitch McConnell, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, Sen. Barbara Boxer, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and first lady Michelle Obama. Miller's family lives in Bakersfield, California, and has not spoken to the press. Miller told CNN's Will Ripley in a brief interview earlier this month in Pyongyang that he "prepared to violate the law of DPRK before coming here. And I deliberately committed my crime." But he didn't elaborate on what his "crime" was. It's unclear whether his statements were made freely or under coercion. Miller is a 2008 graduate of Bakersfield High School, according to CNN affiliate KBAK. Imprisoned American wanted to become 'second Snowden' He traveled to North Korea this year after arranging a private tour through the U.S.-based company Uri Tours, which takes tourists into North Korea. The U.S. State Department warns American citizens of arbitrary arrest and detention in North Korea. Two other Americans, Kenneth Bae and Jeffrey Fowle remain detained in North Korea.
highlights: American Matthew Miller begins six-year sentence of hard labor Thursday . North Korea released photo of Miller in prison wear . Miller was convicted of committing "acts hostile" to North Korea . Miller called his family to ask for help on Wednesday .
id: 873c830c8e99c61d1d8f202c5a22a8c77fd88fb3
chatgpt: Matthew Miller, an American citizen who was convicted of committing "acts hostile" to North Korea, began serving his six-year sentence of hard labor on Thursday. North Korea released a photo of Miller in prison wear, showing him sitting solemnly on the floor. Miller was arrested in April 2014 after he allegedly ripped up his tourist visa and requested asylum. He was accused of committing "hostile acts" against the North Korean government, but specifics about his alleged actions were never revealed. He was eventually tried and convicted, receiving a surprisingly lenient sentence of six years of hard labor. The release of the photo comes as little surprise, as North Korea has a history of using media images for propaganda purposes. The government is known for its censorship and control of information, and Miller's imprisonment has been shrouded in secrecy. This photo release is one of the few times the public has seen Miller since his conviction. On Wednesday, Miller reportedly called his family to ask for help. His mother, in an interview with CNN, said that he sounded "very scared" and "very desperate." She expressed concern for his well-being, stating that the family has not heard from him in months and that they are unsure of his current condition. Miller is not the first American to be imprisoned in North Korea. In 2014, another American, Jeffrey Fowle, was detained for leaving a Bible in a hotel room. He was eventually released after several months in prison. In 2016, American student Otto Warmbier was also imprisoned in North Korea after allegedly attempting to steal a propaganda poster. He was released over a year later in a comatose state and died a few days after his return to the United States. Miller's case highlights the dangers of travel to North Korea. Despite the country's allure as a "forbidden" and mysterious destination, the US State Department advises against all travel to North Korea. The country has a history of detaining Americans on trumped-up charges, and the government has little regard for due process or human rights. As for Miller's future, little is known. His six-year sentence is a harsh punishment, and his family is understandably worried about his safety and well-being. The release of the prison photo has only heightened concerns about his condition, and many are calling for his immediate release. At present, it remains to be seen what the future holds for Matthew Miller.