article: (CNN) -- The Maldives overturned a six-decade-old moratorium on capital punishment with the adoption of a new regulation this week that allows for the death penalty to be used to punish certain crimes. The Maldivian government enacted the regulation, which makes provision for execution by lethal injection, for the crimes of premeditated murder or deliberate manslaughter. While the age of criminal responsibility is 10 in the Maldives, some crimes under the country's Sharia laws -- known as Hadd offenses -- have an age of responsibility of 7. This means that juveniles could potentially face execution in the archipelago. Execution facilities at the Maldives' Maafushi Prison were being built to carry out sentences. Since reenacted, 20 people have been sentenced to death, although one of these sentences was overturned by the High Court, a report in the country's Haveeru newspaper said. Local Maldives media reported that Minister of Home Affairs Umar Naseer defended the decision to reinstate the penalty, saying that the Maldives was suffering from overcrowded prisons and a "lively criminal environment." He was also quoted as saying that the Maldives was "a hundred percent Islamic country and there are certain values that we all believe in." The U.N. and EU have expressed their concerns about the move, which could potentially see minors killed by the state. "According to the new regulation, minors convicted of intentional murder shall be executed once they turn 18. Similar provisions in the recently ratified Penal Code, allowing for the application of the death penalty for crimes committed when below the age of 18, are also deeply regrettable," Ravina Shamdasani, a spokeswoman for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, said in a statement. "We urge the Government to retain its moratorium on the use of the death penalty in all circumstances, particularly in cases that involve juvenile offenders and to work towards abolishing the practice altogether." EU High Representative Catherine Ashton was also "deeply concerned" about the adoption of the regulations and urged the Maldives to retain the moratorium on the death penalty. "The High Representative holds a strong and principled position against the death penalty," a statement issued by her office said. "The death penalty is cruel and inhumane, and has not been shown in any way to act as a deterrent to crime." READ MORE: Execution, a 19th-century relic we still can't get right .
highlights: Maldives reinstates the death penalty after 61 years . Some provisions of the new law mean minors could potentially be executed . U.N and EU have expressed their opposition to the decision .
id: 746d2c97bb78c270a6805dd9778c7b7ca3aab1a1
chatgpt: The Maldives has reinstated the death penalty, breaking a 61-year hiatus on capital punishment. The decision has sparked international outcry as some provisions of the new law could mean minors could potentially be executed. The new government in the Maldives, which took office in November, has made the reinstatement of the death penalty one of its first priorities. The government argues that the death penalty is necessary to combat crime in the Maldives, which has seen a significant rise in drug-related offenses. However, the decision has been met with opposition from the United Nations and the European Union. A spokesperson for the UN stated that they are "deeply concerned" about the decision and urged the Maldives to reinstate its moratorium on the death penalty. The EU also expressed its opposition to the decision, stating that the death penalty has no place in the modern world. "We urge the Maldives to reconsider its decision and to respect the prohibition of the death penalty under international law," the EU said in a statement. Critics of the new law have pointed out that some provisions of the law could potentially mean minors could be executed. The law allows for the death penalty for murder and certain drug offenses, with the age of criminal responsibility being set at 10 years. The Maldives government has sought to downplay concerns about the potential for minors to be executed. In a statement, the government said that the death penalty would only be used in "extreme cases" and that "necessary safeguards" would be put in place to ensure that minors are not executed. However, human rights groups remain concerned about the potential for the abuse of the new law. "This is a deeply disappointing decision from the Maldives government," said Amnesty International. "The death penalty is a cruel and inhumane form of punishment, and there is no evidence that it serves as a deterrent to crime." The Maldives had abolished the death penalty in 1952, but the law was reinstated in 1953 following a coup d'etat. The law remained in place until 1978, when it was abolished once again. Since then, the Maldives has maintained a moratorium on the death penalty until the recent decision to reinstate it. It remains to be seen how the international community will respond to the Maldives' decision to reinstate the death penalty. However, the opposition from the UN and the EU suggests that the decision may have diplomatic consequences for the Maldives.