article: By . Lillian Radulova For Daily Mail Australia . In a sales pitch gone wrong, a pilot salesman was lucky to escape uninjured alongside his two passengers after the aircraft he was flying crashed into a backyard. The pilot, 62-year-old Peter Edwards according to the Daily Telegraph, was demonstrating how the Cirrus SR22 aircraft he was flying could recover from a stall on May 10 when he lost control of the plane, according to a report of the incident released by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau. 'Watch this,' Mr Edwards was reported to have said shortly before the plane's right wing dropped rapidly, sending the aircraft into a spin. Scroll down for video . The crash scene in the Blue Mountains on May 10 after a pilot and salesman failed to regain control of the Cirrus SR22 plane while demonstrating a stall . After the planes third rotational spin, it became clear that the pilot would not be able to regain control from the maneuver. The passenger in the front seat of the aircraft claimed it was at this point that Mr Edwards clearly stated 'I'm sorry'. About 2,000 feet above the ground, the pilot released the aircraft's parachute. Narrowly avoiding some nearby power lines, the plane collided with the branches of a tree before crashing down onto a resident's fence. The plane landed in the front yard of Blue Mountains property belonging to Sheila Riordan who appeared more concerned that her nap had been interrupted in an interview with the Blue Mountains Gazette. The 66-year-old told the publication that she heard loud bangs but didn't think anything of it, saying that her first thought was 'there's no peace'. None of the three people aboard were injured after the plane landed in the front yard of Blue Mountains resident Sheila Riordan's property . 'When I first saw it I thought "that's a surprise". But I really am glad that no-one got hurt. It could have been awful, the bush could have gone up, people could have got hurt. It’s the only place they could have landed neatly,' Ms Riordan said. The passenger in the front seat claimed that once the plane had come to its resting position, he had to shake the pilot who he described as appearing 'dazed', urging him to 'hurry up and open the door and exit the aircraft'. He claims he was also forced to switch the ignition and master switches and fuel selector off, as the pilot had previously failed to do so. The report stated that Mr Edwards claimed he had performed the same manoeuvre earlier that day with no problems, however he admitted that 'he was probably overconfident as he had done the demonstration 30-50 times in the previous six months'.
highlights: The pilot was demonstrating how the aircraft  could recover from a stall when he lost control of the plane . It narrowly avoided power lines before crashing in a Blue Mountains yard . The three people were uninjured due to the release of the plane's parachute .
id: 613a5ad6063bfe15aefeac8d5bc9560cfa0a10ba
chatgpt: In a heart-stopping incident, a small aircraft narrowly avoided crashing into power lines before crash-landing in a residential yard in the Blue Mountains. The incident occurred during a demonstration of the aircraft's recovery capabilities from a stall, according to witnesses. The pilot was performing a low altitude stall recovery maneuver when he lost control of the aircraft. The aircraft started spinning out of control and was headed straight towards power lines which ran parallel to the nearby street. In a quick reaction, the pilot was able to initiate the release of a parachute from the aircraft which slowed down its descent and avoided contact with the power lines. The aircraft then descended further into a residential yard at a high rate of speed before finally crash-landing. The loud noise of the impact caught the attention of several residents in the area, who rushed to the scene to help. Fortunately, all three occupants of the plane – the pilot and two passengers – survived the crash without any serious injuries. They were able to exit the aircraft on their own and were found walking around the yard, visibly shaken but grateful to be alive. "We heard this loud noise and came out to see what was happening. We saw the plane descending rapidly and thought it was going to hit the power lines. Luckily, we then saw the parachute deployed at the last moment," said a neighborhood resident who wished to remain anonymous. Emergency services responded quickly to the scene and secured the area. Investigators are currently assessing the damage caused by the crash, as well as the circumstances surrounding the incident. The aircraft was a single-engine, light sport aircraft that is commonly used for recreational flying. Despite the fact that the aircraft was heavily damaged, it did not catch on fire, which could have led to a more catastrophic outcome. This incident serves as a reminder that aviation can be unpredictable and dangerous, and pilots must always be prepared for the unexpected. However, it also highlights the importance of good research and development in aircraft design, which in this case allowed for the deployment of the parachute that ultimately saved the lives of the occupants. The incident may have been shocking, but it is reassuring to know that no one was seriously hurt. The investigation will shed light on the causes of the crash and the unsafe operation of the aircraft. In the meantime, residents in the area can breathe a sigh of relief that a potential disaster was avoided thanks to the pilot's quick thinking and the use of advanced safety features in the aircraft.