article: Washington (CNN) -- The federal government will no longer be housing unaccompanied minors from Central America at three military facilities. The Department of Health and Human Services, responsible for their care after they are taken into custody, announced the move on Monday, saying it has been able to find other types of locations for the some of tens of thousands of the children who have come from Central America. "We are able to take this step because we have proactively expanded capacity to care for children in standard shelters, which are significantly less costly facilities. At the same time, we have seen a decrease in the number of children crossing the Southwest border," Ken Wolfe, a spokesman for the department, said in a statement. The temporary shelters were set up with the cooperation of the Defense Department in May and early June as the nation saw a major spike in the numbers of these children -- mostly from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras -- crossing into the United States through Mexico. The three facilities were at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland in Texas, Fort Sill Army Base in Oklahoma and Naval Base Ventura County-Port Hueneme in California. Officials said they expect the children at Fort Sill to be moved by Friday and that the other two facilities to end operations in the next two to eight weeks. HHS said about 7,700 children were placed at the three bases. It is possible, HHS said, it would reopen the three military facilities if there is another surge. Internal Homeland Security Department figures showed more than 62,000 children had illegally come into the United States as of the end of last week during the past 10 months, according to a U.S. official. HHS' Administration for Children and Families is given responsibility for these kids after they are detained at the border. Right now, HHS said it will house the children both in standard as well as special surge facilities. The ultimate aim is to release the kids to sponsors -- often times family members if they have some living in the United States -- while their cases make it through the immigration system. That can take several years. Daniel's journey: How thousands of children are creating a crisis in America . CNN's Evan Perez contributed to this report.
highlights: Around 7,700 children have been sent to military bases in Texas, Oklahoma and California . Department of Health and Human Services said it's arranging other types of housing . HHS says if there's another surge of children crossing border, bases might be used again .
id: 40ca929cf9a3867b01bca8449c03b57783661618
chatgpt: The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) revealed that around 7,700 children who crossed the US-Mexico border have been sent to military bases in Texas, Oklahoma, and California. This move comes as the US government struggles to cope with the ongoing surge in migrants seeking asylum in the country. However, the HHS has reportedly been facing criticism for sending the children to military bases, which many say are not suitable facilities for housing children. In response to this, the HHS has said that it is arranging other types of housing for these children. According to a statement from the HHS, "We recognize that these military installations are not the best suited facilities for children." The statement added that HHS has been working with state and local officials to find better options for housing these children. While the children have been sent to military installations, the US military has said that it has not played a role in running these facilities. "The Department of Defense has not been asked to provide housing for the unaccompanied migrant children," said Pentagon spokesperson, Dana White. Despite the controversy surrounding the use of military bases, the HHS has warned that if there is another surge of children crossing the border, they might have to be housed in military installations again. "HHS is attempting to find additional capacity to shelter the increased number of children who may need temporary housing," the statement said. The use of military bases to house children who have crossed the border has become a contentious issue in the US. Some have criticized the Trump administration for its policies towards undocumented immigrants and for separating families at the border. Others have argued that the military installations are not equipped to provide the necessary care for these children. With the situation at the border showing no signs of improvement, the HHS will likely face increasing pressure to find suitable housing for these children. For now, it remains to be seen how this issue will be resolved and what impact it will have on the ongoing debate over immigration policy in the US.