article: (CNN) -- An alleged child predator who taught at schools across the world for more than four decades may have more victims, and the FBI is trying to track them down, the agency's Houston bureau said Tuesday. William James Vahey killed himself in Luverne, Minnesota, last month, two days after a federal judge in Houston said authorities could search one of Vahey's thumb drives that allegedly contained images depicting sexual assault on children, CNN affiliate KPRC reported. There were images of at least 90 victims, dating back to 2008, and the FBI is encouraging additional alleged victims to come forward. The images on the thumb drive allegedly belonging to Vahey showed boys, estimated to be between 12 and 14 years old, asleep or unconscious, the agency said. The images had captions and dates referencing places that Vahey had previously traveled with students, the FBI said. "This is one of the most prolific alleged predators we've ever seen," Houston FBI Special Agent Shauna Dunlap told the station. Vahey began teaching in private schools in 1972, the FBI says. He last taught at the American Nicaraguan School in Pista Suburbana, Managua, Nicaragua from August 2013 until March 11, two days before he committed suicide, KPRC reported. The case came to law enforcement attention after Vahey fired his maid for allegedly stealing personal items from his home last year, KPRC said. In March, the ex-maid brought a stolen thumb drive to the American Nicaraguan School, saying she came forward because the drive contained sexual images, the station reported. The FBI said that when Vahey was confronted with the images, he "reportedly admitted molesting boys throughout his entire life and said he gave the minors sleeping pills prior to the molestation." He had residences in London and Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, and traveled extensively, the FBI said. He worked at schools in nine countries, teaching a variety of subjects and coaching boys' basketball. He regularly accompanied students on overnight field trips, the FBI said. The schools where he taught are, according to the FBI: . -- American Nicaraguan School in Managua, Nicaragua (2013-2014) -- Southbank International School in London, United Kingdom (2009-2013) -- Escuela Campo Alegre in Caracas, Venezuela (2002-2009) -- Jakarta International School in Jakarta, Indonesia (1992-2002) -- Saudi Aramco Schools in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia (1980-1992) -- American Community School in Athens, Greece (1978-1980) -- Passargad School in Ahwaz, Iran (1976-1978) -- American School of Madrid in Spain (1975-1976) -- American Community School of Beirut in Lebanon (1973-1975) -- Tehran American School in Iran (1972-1973) Anyone who has information on Vahey and who believes he victimized them can send a confidential e-mail to HOvictimassistance@ic.fbi.gov or contact their local FBI office or nearest U.S. Embassy.
highlights: FBI: William James Vahey taught at private schools in 9 countries for 42 years . He's one of "the most prolific alleged predators we've ever seen," agent tells KPRC . Thumb drive allegedly contained images depicting sexual assault on children . FBI is asking potential victims to contact them or nearest American Embassy .
id: aba65ae8c53b8fc7414230a9674e5a0794d3fc67
chatgpt: The FBI has issued a call for potential victims of William James Vahey to come forward after evidence emerged that he may have committed multiple acts of sexual assault on children during his time teaching at private schools in nine different countries around the world. Vahey, who was 64 years old at the time of his death in 2014, had a long career in education, spanning 42 years. He taught in the United States and various countries in Central and South America, Europe, and the Middle East. The FBI has described Vahey as one of "the most prolific alleged predators we've ever seen." The agent who spoke to KPRC, the Houston-based television station that broke the story, said that the evidence against Vahey was "absolutely terrifying." The FBI is urging anyone who may have been a victim of Vahey's to come forward and contact the agency or their nearest American embassy. The evidence against Vahey includes a thumb drive that was found in his possession. The drive allegedly contained numerous images of children who appeared to be sleeping and were likely drugged. The children, who were all between the ages of 12 and 14, were depicted in various stages of undress, and some of the images appeared to show evidence of sexual assault. Vahey's crimes are particularly shocking given the number of children he had access to during his time as a teacher. According to reports, Vahey was able to commit these acts over a period of several decades without ever being caught or disciplined by his employers. His career spanned multiple countries and schools, and he had access to children from a wide variety of backgrounds and nationalities. The case has raised questions about the ability of schools and other institutions to prevent abuse by their employees. In many countries, there are few or no regulations in place to monitor the behavior of teachers and other educators. This has led to concerns that there may be other predators like Vahey operating within the education system. Despite the shocking nature of the allegations against Vahey, the FBI has emphasized that it is committed to bringing justice for any victims who may have suffered at his hands. The agency is asking anyone who has information about Vahey or who may have been a victim of his to come forward and speak with them. The case serves as a stark reminder of the need for greater awareness of child sexual abuse and the importance of protecting children from those who would do them harm. As the FBI seeks justice for Vahey's victims, it is hoped that steps will be taken to prevent similar crimes from occurring in the future.