article: By . Neil Sears . and Gerard Couzens . Luxury African holiday: JP Morgan banker Martin-Artajo in Zimbabwe, where he and his wife spent an extended holiday while FBI investigators were searching for him . Raising a glass of champagne on a luxurious African holiday, this is the London-based banker wanted by the US over a £4billion trading scandal. Javier Martin-Artajo Rueda, 49, had apparently gone ‘missing’ while the FBI sought to question him over alleged offences by his team at banking giant JP Morgan. But while investigators sought to bring him to justice earlier this year, he and British wife Sara Berrow, 50, were apparently enjoying the high life on an extended holiday in dictator Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwe. Last night, however, the authorities finally caught up with the £8million-a-year high-flier in his native Madrid. He was arrested after turning himself in at a police station and a Spanish judge will now rule on  extradition to the US, where he could face up to 25 years in jail. Major City figure Martin-Artajo is being named as the key suspect in the ‘London Whale’ trading scandal which severely damaged JP Morgan and was the latest in a series of blows to the banking industry when it emerged last year. Shares in the American lender and British banks fell after it was revealed that JP Morgan trader Bruno Iksil, nicknamed ‘the London Whale’ because of his huge spending power, had made a series of bad bets on the international markets. The Frenchman has been granted immunity from prosecution in return for assisting investigators, who this month announced that  his boss Martin-Artajo was instead suspected of covering up the mammoth loss-making deals over an extended period. The huge trading losses caused a storm in Washington, prompting a Senate investigation. But when the FBI began seeking Martin-Artajo, he was not to be found either at his £2.5million country mansion in Church Westcote near David Cameron’s home in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire, or at his house in Chelsea, London. Photographs have now emerged showing the . banker and his wife in March at the five star Bumi Hills safari hotel . beside Lake Kariba, Zimbabwe. Break: The photos of Martin-Artajo's extended holiday were taken in March 2013, around the time the warrant for his arrest was issued in the U.S. Enjoying himself with boating trips and posing happily for pictures, he appeared to show little concern about the case being mounted against him in America. Along with trader Julien Grout, a Frenchman also based in London,  he faces four charges of conspiracy, wire fraud and making false filings to US regulators. Miss Berrow – who married the banker in Chelsea 12 years ago and has a nine-year-old son by him – refused to comment last night.
highlights: Javier Martin-Artajo Rueda is suspected of covering up loss-making deals . Spanish native could spend up to 25 years in jail if extradited to U.S. Spent time 'missing' in luxury Zimbabwe resort .
id: a9cf36ca033ffe9038e93dab5f3cebc9353b981f
chatgpt: Former JPMorgan executive Javier Martin-Artajo Rueda is facing extradition to the United States on allegations that he was involved in the cover-up of massive losses that the bank suffered in its London office. According to sources, if extradited, Rueda could face up to 25 years in jail. The Spanish national has been under investigation for years over the incident, which saw JPMorgan lose more than $6bn in a series of deals that turned sour. Rueda has been accused of heading up efforts to conceal the losses, which took place between 2011 and 2012. Rueda has denied the allegations and has been "missing" for some time. However, it has been reported that he was recently discovered holidaying in the luxury resort town of Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe, where he was believed to have been staying for some time. Rueda had reportedly been living in the resort town under an alias, and was only discovered when a tip-off was received by authorities. The news of Rueda's discovery has sparked fresh speculation about his possible extradition to the US to face charges. While it is not yet clear how long it will take for any extradition process to take place, it is expected that Rueda will fight the move. If extradited, Rueda is likely to face a lengthy trial in the US, where he could face some of the most serious charges that a Wall Street executive has ever faced. The case has caused significant damage to JPMorgan's reputation, with many questioning the bank's risk management practices and its willingness to take on complex and high-risk trades. JPMorgan has already paid out billions of dollars in fines and penalties related to the case, and has faced calls from some quarters to break up its investment banking arm as a result. The saga also shines a light on the issue of executive accountability, with some questioning why the executives responsible for making the risky trades were not held accountable for their actions. Many have argued that the lack of criminal charges against the traders involved is evidence of a lack of will on the part of regulators to pursue high-level executives. With Rueda's extradition now a possibility, many will be watching the case closely to see if justice is served and accountability upheld.