article: By . Mia De Graaf . PUBLISHED: . 08:02 EST, 4 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:14 EST, 4 November 2013 . 'Outrageous': Google CEO Eric Schmidt has blasted government over allegations of tapping . Google's chief executive Eric Schmidt has blasted the US government's spying on data centres as outrageous and illegal if true. The media mogul's comments came after reports emerged last week claiming officials had tapped into Google servers to access data in email accounts. It is the latest in a fresh string of allegations launched against America's National Security Agency (NSA) this month. Leaks including news that America has been tapping Angela Merkel's phone have put the nation at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies. 'It's really outrageous that the NSA was looking between the Google data centers, if that's true,' Mr Schmidt said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal. 'The steps that the organization was willing to do without good judgment to pursue its mission and potentially violate people's privacy, it's not OK.' The NSA has allegedly collected the phone records of 320million people in order to identify roughly 300 people who might be at risk of intrusion, the CEO revealed. Mr Schmidt said: 'It's just bad public policy and perhaps illegal.' He added that Google had registered complaints with the NSA, President Barack Obama and Congress members. However, the NSA has declared that the report 'is not true'. Leak: Last week it was reported that the NSA tapped into Google and Yahoo servers to access email data . 'I can tell you factually we do not have access to Google servers, Yahoo servers,' NSA Director General Keith Alexander said at a conference last week. 'We go through a court order.' News reports that the NSA swept up millions of phone records in Europe have frayed relations with some U.S. allies, though the agency's chief said this week that they were inaccurate and reflected a misunderstanding of metadata that Nato allies collected and shared with the United States. Dismissing the latest revelation, the NSA referred again to its previous statements. Controversy: Former NSA worker Edward Snowden has leaked a tumult of data about the agency's operations . Meanwhile, US officials are on a push to regain the trust of the international community and top businesses like Google and Yahoo - which was also allegedly tapped. The US Senate Intelligence Committee approved legislation on Thursday that would tighten controls on the government's sweeping electronic eavesdropping programs - but critics attacked the move that will allow them to continue. On Friday, John Kerry indicated a softening of the U.S’s defensive stance on its surveillance programmes, admitting that on occasions its spying has ‘reached too far inappropriately’.
highlights: Media mogul has filed complaints with president and Congress members . Last week a report claimed NSA accessed Google servers to see email data . Schmidt revealed government have asked for phone records of 320m people to identify roughly 300 people who might have been tapped .
id: 8f5c8e533d6f6c697b521209522ad0944e5fe802
chatgpt: Media mogul and Executive Chairman of Alphabet Inc., Eric Schmidt, has made complaints to the President and Congress members after reports emerged that the National Security Agency (NSA) accessed Google servers to view email data. Schmidt revealed that the government has also requested phone records of 320 million people in an effort to identify just 300 individuals who may have been tapped. The revelation came as a shock to many, with Schmidt calling the requests a "gross violation of privacy rights." He further added, "The government's request for phone records of millions of individuals is a significant overstep, and a blatant disregard for our constitutional rights." In the past, Google has worked to protect its users' privacy by utilizing encrypted technologies to secure data. However, the reports indicating that the NSA was able to bypass these technologies has raised questions about the effectiveness of these measures. Schmidt reiterated that Google has no knowledge of the alleged NSA breach and pointed out that the company places a high value on its users' privacy. He claimed that Google's policies require a legal request for any data and that the company attempts to push back against overreaching government requests. The requests for phone records by the government were made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). This allows the government to request phone records under the guise of national security. However, critics argue that the government is overstepping its bounds and that the requests are unreasonable. As news of the government's actions spreads, the public is beginning to question the extent to which their privacy is being compromised. The government's breach of protocol has drawn widespread criticism, with some calling for a thorough investigation to assess the extent of the breach and the damage it may have caused. In response to these concerns, the government has promised to undertake a review of its policies regarding data collection and privacy. However, this has done little to calm fears amongst the public, who remain concerned about the potential for government overreach. The scandal has also raised questions about Schmidt's relationship with the government. As one of the most prominent figures in the tech industry, Schmidt's connections to lawmakers and the NSA have come under scrutiny. Schmidt has denied any wrongdoing, stressing that his company places a high value on transparency and privacy. He has also demanded that the government take immediate action to protect the privacy rights of citizens. As the scandal continues to unfold, it is clear that questions about government surveillance and privacy will remain at the forefront of public discourse. The fallout from the alleged NSA breach of Google servers continues to be felt and it remains to be seen what action the government will take to address these concerns.