article: Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- The top U.S. envoy to Iraq said Sunday that the results of the recent Iraqi national election mark a turning point for democracy there, but he warned that challenges remain. Former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's secular Iraqiya bloc won 91 seats in the 325-member Council of Representatives in the March 7 elections, edging ahead of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's State of Law coalition, which received 89, according to elections officials. Christopher Hill, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, said the results suggest "there there is democracy in this country." "People have looked at different candidates, and people have gone in different directions," Hill told CNN in an exclusive interview. "And so, I think frankly, it's a good sign that Iraq could have this election." Allawi also acknowledged Sunday the significance of the results, saying Iraqis "voted against sectarianism" when they voted for his secular coalition. "They don't want to see sectarianism prevailing in this country," Allawi told CNN. "They want to have a government that can provide services, can provide security and ensure stability of the country, and improve the income of the Iraqi family." Hill pointed to the challenges Iraqi officials have had to overcome leading up to the elections -- including deadly bombings of government buildings last fall and a delay in passing a key election law. "What is important is that they've gotten this far," Hill said. "When you look at some of the problems [that] have come up in Iraq in the last six months ... a lot of people predicted the Iraqis can't get through that. Indeed they got through ... those challenges and now they have an even bigger challenge, and I would not bet against them." Hill said Allawi's biggest test will be in how he campaigns for more seats to achieve a majority in the Iraqi parliament. Hill said Allawi must be inclusive in assembling supporters and building a government. "If you're the frontrunner -- as Mr. Allawi is right now -- you've got to look out there to other coalitions (and) say how can I put together a government that's going to work?" said Hill, adding "This isn't all about ... who's a Shia or who's a Sunni; it's about who can govern better." Allawi appeared up to the challenge Sunday, saying he wants a "quick formation of a strong government" and one "that can take Iraq forward." "We fought for democracy, and we are continuing to fight for democracy," Allawi said. "That's why we are ready to talk to everyone who is ready to engage and ready to play by the roles of democracy. ... Even if they have been nasty to us and not positive in their dealing with us ... we have an open mind."
highlights: Christopher Hill is the U.S. ambassador to Iraq . He says the results of the recent election show that Iraqis have a real democracy . Hill points out challenges Iraqis overcame in past six months to hold elections . Winner Ayad Allawi: Iraqis "voted against sectarianism"
id: 4c2e5940e3b44e1330b0acdc5c7d62ea4a247eaa
chatgpt: Christopher Hill, the United States ambassador to Iraq, has praised the recent parliamentary elections in Iraq, calling them a reflection of a "real democracy." Hill pointed out the many obstacles that the Iraqis had to overcome in the past six months in order to hold these elections, and he believes that their success bodes well for the future of the country. The United States has been supporting the democratic process in Iraq for over a decade, and Hill sees the recent elections as a significant milestone in that process. He believes that the fact that the elections were held on schedule and in a relatively peaceful manner is a testament to the resilience of the Iraqi people, who have endured decades of conflict and instability. One of the key factors in the success of the recent elections was the participation of a broad range of political parties and factions. This inclusiveness was a reflection of the efforts that have been made in recent years to build a more inclusive and representative political system in Iraq. Hill believes that this bodes well for the future of the country, and he is hopeful that the new government will be able to address many of the pressing issues facing Iraq, including security, economic development, and social justice. One of the most notable outcomes of the recent elections was the victory of Ayad Allawi, whose coalition won the most seats in parliament. Allawi's coalition campaigned on a platform of unity and national reconciliation, and Hill believes that this message resonated with many Iraqis who are tired of the sectarian divisions that have plagued the country for so many years. In a statement following the election results, Allawi said that Iraqis "voted against sectarianism, corruption, and for better services." This is a hopeful sign for the future of Iraq, as it suggests that Iraqis are ready for a more inclusive and representative government that can address the needs of all citizens, regardless of their religious or ethnic background. Despite the many challenges that lie ahead, Hill remains optimistic about the prospects for Iraq. He believes that the recent elections have shown that the country is capable of building a stable and democratic system of government, and he is hopeful that this will lead to greater stability and prosperity in the years to come. In conclusion, the recent parliamentary elections in Iraq have been hailed as a significant milestone in the country's democratic transition. Christopher Hill, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, has praised the elections as a reflection of a "real democracy" and believes that they bode well for the future of Iraq. While many challenges remain, the fact that Iraqis have overcome so many obstacles to hold these elections is a testament to their resilience and determination to build a better future for their country.