article: An 11-month-old girl in Louisiana is recovering after being trapped underneath her father's  corpse for three days. Betty Jean Fields was discovered Friday dehydrated, bruised and blistered after days spent with her face compressed against the wall as her father decomposed on top of her. Family members say Betty Jean is miraculously back to her old self, aside from some residual swelling, despite the horrific ordeal. Her father, 43-year-old Jason Fields, had previously suffered congestive heart failure and stroke. Investigators used his body's state of decomposition to estimate the length of Betty Jean's nightmarish experience. Road to recovery: Betty Jean Fields was discovered Friday dehydrated, bruised and blistered after days spent with her face compressed against the wall as her father decomposed on top of her. She's pictured here previous to the horrific tragedy . Sabine Parish Deputy Coroner Ron Rivers said he found Jason Fields, 43, dead on a bed alongside a laptop computer at the home in the small town of Pleasant Hill, south of Shreveport. He appeared to be sitting on the side of his bed when he fell backward and died. 'The fact that he fell on her and made no attempt to get up tells me he died instantly when he fell on top of her,' Rivers told the Shreveport Times. The girl's aunt, Jason's sister Kristy Fields, echoed the family's shock. 'It's one of those unsuspecting things,' she told KHOU. But, she said, at least Betty Jean is 'back to her normal self.' According to Rivers, Betty Jean is lucky to be alive. '[She] was able to breathe, expand [her] chest up and down,' Rivers said. 'We're very blessed that the baby didn't succumb.' Betty had a seizure when she first arrived at LSU Medical Center in Shreveport, but she was soon happily playing with stuffed animals, KSLA reported. Happy baby: Betty Jean, seen here prior to last week's ordeal, was bruised, dehydrated and swollen after spending three days pinned against a wall. She suffered a seizure when she first arrived at hospital . Her mother was in jail on misdemeanor charges at the time of her daughter's rescue but was released on Saturday to care for the baby girl and her older brother. That brother, 3-year-old Jeremiah Kelly, is credited with helping rescue his baby sister, KHOU reports. Kelly discovered the body and then told neighbors he thought his father was dead. No drugs or foul play are suspected in Fields' death. Kristy Fields said her brothers health had been deteriorating in the years since his congestive heart failure and stroke. 'He's been downhill since then,' she said. A funeral for Fields was planned for Saturday. Back to her old self: The infant is expected to make a full recovery after she was taken to LSU Medical Center (pictured) in Shreveport, Louisiana .
highlights: Betty Jean Fields suffered blisters, bruising and dehydration after her shocking ordeal at her father's Louisiana home . She was still experiencing swelling on Tuesday as her aunt cared for her while her mother served out a jail sentence . Her father, 43-year-old Jason Fields, had previously suffered congestive heart failure and stroke - his funeral was planned for Saturday . Betty Jean's 3-year-old big brother discovered his father's body Friday .
id: 22bf37ceca89917bc744a10fe348056dfa39d5db
chatgpt: Betty Jean Fields, a young girl from Louisiana, experienced a shocking ordeal at her father's home that left her with blisters, bruising, and dehydration. The incident occurred just days before her father's funeral, as the 43-year-old man had previously suffered from congestive heart failure and a stroke. Betty Jean's father, Jason Fields, was found dead in his home by his 3-year-old son on Friday. The discovery was traumatic for everyone involved, particularly the children who were still processing the loss of their father. Betty Jean, who spent the weekend at her father's home with her siblings, was left alone for several hours after her father's death. During that time, she suffered from extreme dehydration and other physical injuries. According to reports, Betty Jean was still experiencing swelling on Tuesday as her aunt cared for her while her mother served out a jail sentence. The young girl was physically and emotionally traumatised by the events that had occurred and was in need of medical treatment and counselling. In the days following Jason's death, the family was struggling to cope with the sudden loss of their loved one. Betty Jean's mother was in jail at the time, and her aunt was doing her best to care for the children in her absence. Despite the family's best efforts, the children were struggling to come to terms with their father's passing. Betty Jean's case highlights the traumatic effects that sudden loss can have on young children. The events that occurred over the weekend have left her with physical injuries and emotional scars that may take a long time to heal. It is essential that the family and community come together to support her and her siblings during this challenging time. As the family prepares for Jason's funeral on Saturday, they are left to grapple with the reality of his passing. The circumstances surrounding his death are still under investigation, and the family is pleading for anyone with information to come forward. The tragic events that occurred in Louisiana have left a young girl with injuries and emotional scars that will take time to heal. It is crucial that the family and community come together to support Betty Jean and her siblings during this difficult time. The search for answers surrounding Jason's death continues as his family prepares to say their final goodbyes.