article: (CNN) -- Serena Williams shrugged off injury concerns to win her first match of the new WTA season in convincing fashion in Brisbane Sunday. The 15-time grand slam champion pulled out of an exhibition tournament in Thailand last week but showed she had fully recovered from a recent foot surgery with a 6-2 6-1 win over fellow American Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-1. "My foot didn't hurt today," a Williams told the official Brisbane International website. "I was a little nervous, but I was completely fine." Williams finished 2012 in ominous form, winning Wimbledon, the U.S. Open and the season-ending WTA Championship, as well as taking double Olympic gold in London. It was a return to her very best after an 18-month layoff through injury and illness, but she is only third in the world rankings due to previous inactivity and results. The two women above, top seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and Russia's Maria Sharapova, have both received first round byes for the tournament on the Gold Coast, which also hosts an ATP Tour event. In other action Sunday, former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova made an impressive start with a 6-3 6-4 win over Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro. Poland's Urszula Radwanska beat Tamira Paszek of Austria 2-6 6-0 6-2, while home hope Jarmila Gajdosova shocked world number 16 Roberta Vinci of Italy 4-6 6-1 6-3 to set up a clash with second seed Sharapova. Meanwhile, the elder sister of Serena Williams, seven-time grand slam winner Venus Williams, played a key role in a 2-1 win for the United States over South Africa in Perth. Williams, who has battled injuries and illness, came from a set down to beat Chanelle Scheepers 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the opening rubber. Kevin Anderson beat John Isner in straight sets to draw the South Africans level before the concluding mixed doubles. Williams and Isner combined to Anderson and Scheepers 6-3 6-2 to secure victory in the mixed team event. In the other match on the second day of competition, Spain beat France 2-1. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga put France ahead as he beat Fernando Verdasco 7-5 6-3, but Anabel Medina Garrigues leveled it for Spain with a 6-3 6-2 win over Mathilde Johansson. Once again the mixed doubles proved the decider and Medina Garrigues and Verdasco paired to see off Johansson and Tsonga (FRA) 6-3 6-3.
highlights: Serena Williams starts new tennis season with straight sets win . She beats Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-1 in first round of Brisbane International. 15-time grand slam champion has had foot surgery . Sister Venus stars as United States beat South Africa in Hopman Cup .
id: a4355a781298e11dd84a56a938e41b86adf530cf
chatgpt: Serena Williams has kicked off the new tennis season in style, with a dominant performance in the first round of the Brisbane International. The 15-time grand slam champion beat Varvara Lepchenko in straight sets, winning 6-2 6-1 in just over an hour. Williams had been out of action for several months due to foot surgery, but showed no signs of rustiness in her comeback match. She was in complete control from start to finish, using her powerful serve and ferocious groundstrokes to overpower her opponent. Speaking after the match, Williams said she was pleased with her performance but knows there is still room for improvement. "I felt good out there today," she said. "But there are always things to work on and things to improve. I'm just happy to be back on the court and playing again." Williams' sister Venus is also in action this week, competing in the Hopman Cup alongside Jack Sock. The American duo faced South Africa in their opening match, with Venus winning her singles match and Sock winning his, before the pair combined to win the mixed doubles and secure a 3-0 victory. The Hopman Cup is a unique event, with teams consisting of one male and one female player from eight countries competing in a round-robin format. It is seen as a warm-up event for the Australian Open, which begins on January 20. For Serena Williams, the focus will now be on the rest of the Brisbane International, as she looks to build momentum ahead of the first grand slam of the year. She has won the Australian Open seven times in her illustrious career and will be looking to add to that total in a few weeks' time. Williams' victory over Lepchenko was a reminder to the rest of the women's tennis world that she is still a force to be reckoned with. Despite her age (she will turn 38 later this year) and recent injury troubles, she remains one of the most dominant players of all time. If Williams can continue to play at the level she showed in Brisbane, there is no reason why she can't add to her 23 grand slam titles and cement her place as one of the greatest athletes in history.