article: Barcelona midfielder Xavi admits his playing days are over and says he would relish the chance to follow the example of Pep Guardiola by one day coaching the Catalan giants. Xavi replaced Guardiola on the pitch as Barca's midfield playmaker having been promoted to the first team by then coach Louis van Gaal and now he has admitted he would jump at the opportunity to coach at the Nou Camp. 'Hopefully I can (follow Guardiola) and even more so in my home here,' the 34-year-old told El Pais. Barcelona ace Xavi has revealed he has aspirations to follow former boss Pep Guardiola into coaching . The 34-year-old is starting to plan for life after football and has admitted his 'playing days are numbered' Bayern Munich coach Guardiola took over the reins at Barcelona in 2008 and won three La Liga titles and two Champions Leagues in four years while making tiki-taka famous. 'My playing days are numbered, that is clear. I can feel it in my body as it is difficult for me to recover and I need to measure how much effort I am putting in,' said Xavi. 'I don't have the same sharpness to play every three days any more.' Xavi has been a key player in a golden generation for Barcelona and Spain but he says it was not easy at the start being compared to Guardiola. 'Everyone was saying I was going to be the new hero and it was tough. This made a difference to me as it meant I went out trying to be my own person while everyone else said I was the new Guardiola,' he said. Xavi has revealed Spain boss Vicente del Bsque persuaded him to play at the 2014 World Cup . 'You grow up quickly as footballers as you are being judged all the time. It is life, and it is the case from when you are young.' Xavi retired from international football after Spain's disappointing group stage exit at this year's World Cup and says he had planned to go after La Roja won back-to-back European titles in 2012 until coach Vicente del Bosque changed his mind. 'I told him, "I am not enjoying it as much now, it is time for someone else," but he said, "Come on are you depressed?'' explained Xavi. 'I told him I had thought about it a lot but he said I was very important. After what happened in Brazil though, if I had known, I would have retired then. It is still true that I have enjoyed the last two years a lot though.'
highlights: Xavi has aspirations to one day coach Catalan giants Barcelona . Pep Guardiola won three La Liga titles and two Champions Leagues during his time as a manager at the Nou Camp . Xavi revealed Vicente del Bosque convinced him to play at the  World Cup .
id: e0e48ae07f2ea1425156ebbdd41af574b0b9cf75
chatgpt: Former Barcelona and Spain midfielder Xavi has expressed his desire to coach the Catalan giants in the future. Xavi is regarded as one of the greatest midfielders of his generation, having won numerous club and individual accolades throughout his playing career. The 40-year-old, who is currently the head coach of Qatari club Al-Sadd, spoke of his admiration for Pep Guardiola, who won three La Liga titles and two Champions Leagues during his time as the manager of Barcelona. "I have many dreams in my head, and one of them is to coach Barcelona," Xavi told Sport. "I respect Valverde, and I wish him all the best, but I hope that Barcelona will come back to the style of football that we all love." Xavi spent the majority of his playing career at Barcelona, winning four Champions League titles and eight La Liga titles before moving to Al-Sadd in 2015. The Spaniard has stated that he would love to return to the club as a coach and implement the style of football that he developed during his playing days. "I believe that Guardiola's Barcelona was the best team in the history of football," Xavi said. "The way they played, the way they dominated games, it was incredible. That's the type of football I want to bring back to Barcelona." Xavi also spoke about his experience playing for the Spanish national team, revealing that it was former coach Vicente del Bosque who convinced him to play at the 2010 World Cup, which Spain went on to win. "I was going through a difficult time in my life, and I wasn't sure if I wanted to play in the World Cup," Xavi said. "But Vicente del Bosque convinced me to come, and it was the best decision I ever made. Winning the World Cup with Spain was the greatest achievement of my career." Xavi's comments will no doubt be welcomed by Barcelona fans, who have been disappointed with the team's performances in recent years. The club has struggled to recapture the style of football that made them so successful under Guardiola, and it is hoped that Xavi could be the man to bring that back. For now, though, Xavi is focused on his role at Al-Sadd, where he has made a positive start to his coaching career. The Spanish legend will no doubt continue to be linked with a return to Barcelona, but only time will tell if that dream will one day become a reality.