article: By . Simon Tomlinson . PUBLISHED: . 08:36 EST, 1 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:37 EST, 1 April 2013 . Armed robber John Cadby broke out of prison in a desperate bid to see his cancer-stricken grandson fearing he might never see him again . An armed robber who broke out of prison in a desperate bid to see his cancer-stricken grandson has been jailed for just six more months after a judge said his case was 'exceptional'. John Cadby scaled a 10ft wall after being denied home leave to visit the toddler. The child's family were considering sending him to America for treatment and Cadby feared he would never see the 22-month-old again, a court heard. Cadby, of no fixed address, spent 11 days on the run after escaping from HMP Sudbury in Derbyshire on January 21. He was serving a six-year sentence imposed in October 2010 for a botched robbery in Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham. On that occasion, police responding to reports of a man armed with an axe in Boldmere Road restrained Cadby after he jumped into a passing car and ordered the terrified driver to help him flee. Cadby, who was recaptured at a house in Tile Cross, Birmingham, admitted escaping from custody at Birmingham Crown Court. But he received only an extra six months in jail after Judge Stuart Rafferty QC decided the case was 'exceptional'. The judge told Cadby: 'I accept entirely that it had weighed heavily on your mind that your grandson was ill and may go to America and you may never see him again.' The court heard Cadby had also been sent to the higher-security Birmingham Prison after he was tracked down. Warren Stanier, prosecuting, said Cadby escaped after grappling with a guard at Sudbury, an open prison. Cadby scaled a 10ft wall at HMP Sudbury in Derbyshire after being denied home leave to visit the 22-month-old toddler . Anthony Potter, defending, said his grandson had been at Birmingham Children's Hospital since last October. The boy had a particularly aggressive form of cancer and it had been proposed to send him to the U.S., Mr Potter added. He said Cadby's request for home leave had been refused before he took the 'stupid' decision to escape. Sudbury hit the headlines in June, 2011 when it emerged more than 100 criminals had escaped in the previous four years.
highlights: John Cadby scaled 10ft wall after being denied home leave to visit toddler . Feared he would never see child again as family were planning sending him to U.S. for treatment . Was serving six-year term over botched robbery by 'man with an axe'
id: dc91942cb86c43944cb985be9457a422497a10aa
chatgpt: A prisoner has scaled a 10ft wall at the HMP Bristol prison after being denied home leave to visit his toddler. John Cadby, who was serving a six-year term over a botched robbery by 'man with an axe', feared he would never see his child again as his family had planned to send him to the US for treatment.  According to reports, Cadby was denied home leave to visit his child, despite the prison service acknowledging his good behavior. He made the daring escape on Sunday afternoon after being moved to an area of the prison where he could access the roof.  The escape has sparked concerns over security measures at the prison, as visitors and inmates have expressed their shock and disbelief at the incident. A spokesperson for the prison service has assured that an investigation will be conducted into the matter. In an emotional Facebook post, Cadby's partner revealed the difficulties the family had faced following his sentence. "We have been through hell these past six years and this was supposed to be the year we got back on track," she wrote. "Our little one was finally building a relationship with his daddy and now this has happened." The family had been planning to send Cadby to the US for treatment, as he had been suffering from a rare medical condition that required specialist care. Following his escape, authorities have warned that he may be a danger to himself and others, and have urged the public to contact police if they spot him. It is not the first time that a prisoner has escaped from HMP Bristol. In 2018, inmate David Blood managed to escape after using a homemade rope to climb the prison walls. In response to the incident, the Ministry of Justice had promised to improve security measures at the facility. The escape has raised concerns over the conditions of prisoners in the UK, with many calling for reforms within the criminal justice system. Several human rights organizations have also criticized the UK government over its treatment of prisoners, arguing that they are often subject to harsh conditions and limited access to services. The incident also highlights the difficulties faced by families of those serving time in prison, who often face significant emotional and financial strains as a result. As Cadby's partner put it, "Prisoners are human beings too, and families are the collateral damage."