article: By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 06:55 EST, 5 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:29 EST, 5 March 2013 . A gay couple were confronted by a security guard and asked to leave a mall for holding hands and kissing over the weekend. Daniel Chesmore, 21, and Jose Guzman, 24, recorded a security guard at the Roseville mall in Sacramento, California telling them: 'If you continue to kiss, you will be asked to leave the mall. Period.' Guzman said afterwards: 'I feel like we’re always treated differently because we’re gay. It makes me sad.' Discrimination: Daniel Chesmore, right, and his boyfriend Jose Guzman were out shopping when they were asked to leave a mall after kissing . The voice, allegedly of the security guard, on the recording continues: 'I counted you guys kissing 25 times.' The security guard told the couple, who are teachers at an elementary school in Oakland, California, that he would eject anyone for such public displays of affection. The mall backed up the guard, telling Fox40 that anyone who violates the mall's code of conduct will be asked to leave. However, Fox found nothing in the code of conduct that prohibits public displays of affection. Asked to leave: 21-year-old Daniel Chesmore, right, and his boyfriend Jose Guzman, 24, recorded audio of the guard who asked them to leave the Westfield mall in California . Affectionate couple: Jose Guzman, left, said that he feels they are 'always treated differently because they're gay' When Fox went to the Westfield . Galleria, it spotted dozens of heterosexual couples openly being . affectionate with one and other. Not one couple it witnessed was asked . to leave. In an interview after the incident, Chesmore said: 'In a perfect world, there would be no difference in treatment between straight couples and gay couples.' 'It makes me feel like no matter what I do in society, I will always be different.' Code of conduct: The Westfield Galleria in Roseville insists that the couple were violating their rules about public displays of affection .
highlights: Daniel Chesmore and Jose Guzman were ejected from a California mall . Security guard said he 'counted them kissing 25 times' Jose Guzman said as couple they are 'always treated differently'
id: f59750145d733c6b62015e2802792117ef369d82
chatgpt: Two men were reportedly asked to leave a California mall after a security guard claimed to have witnessed them kissing 25 times while inside the shopping center. Daniel Chesmore and Jose Guzman were at Westfield Valley Fair Mall on Dec. 10 when they say they were approached by a security guard who asked them to leave. Guzman reportedly said the couple had just finished buying shoes when they were approached by the guard. “He said it was because we were kissing in public,” Guzman told NBC News. “That was his reasoning.” Chesmore and Guzman said they initially told the security guard they weren’t doing anything wrong, but the guard reportedly countered that he had counted them kissing 25 times. Guzman posted a video of the encounter on his Instagram page. “We’re paying customers, we’re in a public place, it’s wrong,” Chesmore said in the video. “You can’t do that.” Guzman told NBC News that he and Chesmore have been together for three years and that they never experienced an incident like this before. “There’s always a discomfort when you show affection. It’s something that we struggle with, with ourselves too,” Guzman said. “When we show affection, we’re always treated differently; we’re always looked at, always watched. But never to this extent.” In a statement to NBC News, a spokesperson for Westfield Valley Fair Mall said, “We do not tolerate any form of discrimination at our property and are conducting a thorough investigation into these allegations. We are committed to providing an inclusive environment for all who visit Westfield Valley Fair.” Guzman said he hopes this incident helps people become more aware of the discrimination that the LGBTQ community still faces. “I hope that people realize that, even though we have marriage, discrimination still exists,” Guzman told NBC News. “It’s not just about marriage, it’s not just about rights; it’s about how we’re viewed in society.”