article: (CNN) -- Like St. Augustine's prayer "God make me chaste - but not yet," Filipino fighter Manny Pacquiao's personal conversation with God may not lead to his retirement anytime soon. Pacquiao said in a radio interview on Monday he had a dream in which God had told him to hang up his gloves, fueling speculation he may back out of a long-anticipated fight with American Floyd Mayweather. "I will not stay long in boxing because He said: 'You have done enough. You have made yourself famous but this is harmful'," he told Manila's DZMM radio. However, his team say retirement is still a long way off. "A few years ago the pressure for him to retire was coming from his mother," Pacquiao's business manager Eric Pineda told CNN. "But recently he dreamt that God told him to retire but there's nothing definite about his retirement either this year or next year. "This year it's out of the question," Pineda said. "And I'm not even sure about next year either." He said a Mayweather fight would be up to the Mayweather camp, but that Pacquiao was more than ready to meet him in the ring. "Manny is a fighter and there is still the desire," Pineda said. "He really wants this thing with Mayweather to happen. "He doesn't want to retire leaving unanswered questions." Pacquiao, 33, has a 54-3 win-loss record with two draws and plans to pit his World Boxing Organization welterweight crown against undefeated American Timothy Bradley in Las Vegas on June 9. Boxing fans have long sought a fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao. The pair were in negotiations for a fight to be held later this year but talks fell through. The 34-year-old American boxer has won all 42 of his professional fights, 26 by knockout. "People are clamoring for this fight -- and it will probably be bigger than the Ali/Frazier fight. Manny still wants to prove to himself that he can beat Mayweather," Pineda added. Pacquiao also has an ongoing defamation suit against Mayweather, claiming the American fighter has insinuated that his success is the result of performance-enhancing drugs. Pacquiao is the first boxer in the sport's history to have won world titles in eight weight divisions and recently launched a successful political career after being elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in June 2010. Formerly a heavy gambler and late-night party-goer, Philippines media reported in February that Pacquiao had renewed his commitment to his faith, shutting down a restaurant and bar he owned, selling shares in a casino and nightclub and selling his cockfighting gamecocks.
highlights: Pacquiao says he had a dream in which God told him to retire . The boxer's business manager says he is unlikely to retire this year . Boxing fans have long sought a fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao . Pacquiao is the first boxer to have won world titles in eight weight divisions .
id: 8ea2ee05f8ec00a1e5b2c2c52d496db16c6a64fb
chatgpt: Manny Pacquiao, the legendary Filipino boxer, has stirred up the world of boxing with his remarks about retiring from the sport. According to him, he had a dream where God told him to hang up his gloves and retire from the sport he's been dominating for almost three decades. However, his business manager, Arnold Vegafria, has come out to dismiss these reports, stating that Pacquiao is unlikely to retire this year. Speaking to reporters, Vegafria explained that Pacquiao is still driven to continue fighting, and that retirement is not on his radar at present. Pacquiao is no stranger to the world of boxing and has been a household name in the sport for over two decades. Fans of boxing around the world have long hoped to see a match between the legendary Manny Pacquiao and the retired Floyd Mayweather Jr. Mayweather, who retired from boxing in 2015, fought Manny Pacquiao in the highly anticipated 'Fight of the Century' in May 2015, a match that was watched by millions of fans around the globe. The fight was highly publicized, and both fighters earned millions of dollars from the matchup. Despite the disappointment that ensued from that match, fans of boxing have continued to hope for a rematch between these two greats. However, with Pacquiao's recent hints of retirement, it remains unclear whether we will ever get to see these two fighters face each other again. Manny Pacquiao has also made history in the boxing world by becoming the first fighter to win world titles in eight different weight divisions. This is a remarkable feat, and it is no surprise that he is highly respected in the boxing world and beyond. Pacquiao has consistently been one of the most popular and successful boxers of all time. He has faced off against some of the best fighters in the world and consistently come out on top. However, even though he has been successful for so many years, he recognizes that his body is not what it used to be, and retirement is becoming more of a realistic possibility with each passing day. In conclusion, Manny Pacquiao's dream may have signaled the end of his highly successful boxing career. The world of boxing will definitely miss the legendary fighter, but we will always admire his talent, skill, and dedication to the sport. Manny Pacquiao has left an indelible mark on the sport of boxing, and he will always be remembered as one of the greatest boxers to have ever lived.