article: By . Luke Salkeld . PUBLISHED: . 12:35 EST, 9 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:14 EST, 9 April 2012 . Supermarkets have seen a massive drop in the use of plastic bags when they charge for them, it emerged yesterday. Since a 5p levy was introduced across Wales last year, Sainsbury’s has reported a 90 per cent reduction in their use there. Co-op says it has seen a fall of 86 per cent, while Morrisons is down 60 per cent. A thing of the past? The 5p 'bag tax' appears to be changing shoppers' habits as they ditch disposable bags like these for reusable options . The major supermarkets’ figures suggest the policy has led to a huge reduction in the 350million plastic bags previously used annually in Welsh supermarkets. It is a major victory for the Daily Mail’s Banish the Bags campaign, which was launched in 2008 and received enormous support from readers, anti-litter campaigners, the Marine Conservation Society, the National Trust and many other groups. In Wales, shops are now legally bound to enforce a 5p charge – and then pass on the cash to charities. Scourge: The effects of disposable bag use are plain to see on the banks of the Ribble, near Preston, Lancashire . Shops that continue to provide free carrier bags face a fine of up to £5,000. The success of the Welsh initiative is bound to increase pressure on England to ‘banish the bags’ as shoppers switch to bags-for-life to cut down on waste. From next year shoppers will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in Northern Ireland, increasing to 10p in 2014, while Scotland is considering a similar plan. Ministers are understood to be considering adopting a charge throughout England amid evidence that voluntary measures by stores have failed to deliver promised reductions. Plastic bags are often used only for about 20 minutes, but take up to 1,000 years to rot away, littering the landscape and causing devastation to marine animals and birds, which suffer long painful deaths after ingesting or becoming entangled in them. The Daily Mail launched its Banish the Bags campaign four years . ago . After the Daily Mail launched its Banish the Bags campaign four years ago, Marks & Spencer introduced a 5p charge on all food carrier bags, prompting a huge drop in the number handed out to customers. But last year, large retailers in the UK gave out 6.4billion carrier bags, an increase of 333million in a year. David Cameron has said the recent increase is unacceptable and has warned retailers that government intervention to reduce numbers is possible. Last month it emerged that a ban on free plastic bags across the whole of Europe is being considered by Brussels. The way forward: More customers are opting for reusable cotton bags, while M&S set an example with their own decision to charge 5p per bag .
highlights: Pressure mounts on the rest of the UK to follow suit after major supermarkets show remarkable results . Income from the charge has already raised hundreds of thousands for charity . Northern Ireland is next in line .
id: 3e7d3cb9e5967c01ba57fc528415dea7633ee0db
chatgpt: Major supermarkets in England have come out with remarkable results in their use of the plastic bag charge. The rest of the UK is now under pressure to follow suit. The move has also resulted in raising hundreds of thousands of pounds for charity. Northern Ireland is the next region to adopt the scheme. According to data from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, the average person in England now buys just four single-use plastic bags per year from major supermarkets compared to the 140 they used to use. All large retailers in England are charging a minimum of 5p for single-use plastic bags. The charge hopes to minimize the amount of plastic bags used and eventually eliminate their use altogether. The move has had a significant impact and many hope that small incremental changes can lead to a more significant worldwide impact in the future. The use of single-use plastic bags has been firmly in the spotlight as it is not biodegradable, meaning they are polluting the earth’s oceans, harming marine life, and the planet. England’s plastic bag charge was introduced in 2015, and since then, the UK Government estimates that it has cut the use of plastic bags by 95%. The remarkable results of this scheme have highlighted the importance of reducing single-use plastic. It’s clear that the rest of the UK, including Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland, will experience similar results, and we can expect to see similar schemes introduced in these regions very soon. Northern Ireland is the only region yet to adopt the plastic bag charge, with rising calls for political action. Many charities have seen a significant boost in financial support since the enforcement of the plastic bag charge. The Government expects that more than £730m has been donated since the scheme was introduced to charities throughout the UK. Many charities and other organizations have benefited from this additional income, using the money to fund critical research, support local communities, and protect the environment. The charge has been enforced, with retailers expected to donate the profits to charity instead of pocketing the money. Retailers are also required to offer shoppers reusable bags and encourage them to bring their bags. Many shops now only offer more robust- and reusable bags for sale, which is better for the environment. In conclusion, the use of the plastic bag charge has been a significant step in reducing plastic waste, a step that the rest of the UK is now feeling pressure to follow. It has been lauded for its ability to make small incremental changes that eventually can lead to significant worldwide impacts. As Northern Ireland adopts the scheme, we can expect to see similar results and contributions to charities in these regions.