article: (CNN) -- Racist abuse on social media shows no sign of diminishing in European football after British police launched an investigation into abusive tweets sent to Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli. The Italian international tweeted "Man Utd...LOL" on Sunday after Liverpool's rivals Mancheser United slumped to a surprise 5-3 defeat by Leicester City in the English Premier League, seemingly provoking a discriminatory response. "We can confirm officers are looking into offensive comments made on Twitter about Mario Balotelli," said Merseyside Police on their official Twitter feed. The 24-year-old Balotelli's tweet was retweeted 150,000 times and was met with a torrent of abuse. "We extend our support to Mario Balotelli after the appalling racist abuse directed at him on Twitter," said British anti-racism group Kick It Out. "A large number of social media users alerted us to the messages by tweeting our official account and we have since reported this via True Vision -- the police's online reporting facility. "During the 2013/14 season, 50% of all complaints submitted to us from across the game related to social media abuse," added the Kick It Out statement. "The issue has been escalating and we urge fellow social media users to assist in bringing this type of abuse to the attention of the authorities by reporting directly to True Vision." In an interview with CNN in 2013, Mario Balotelli -- then an AC Milan player-- vowed to walk off the pitch if he was racially abused at a football game. That was after he was subjected to racist chanting during an Italian league game against Roma at AC Milan's San Siro stadium. The 22-year-old put his fingers to his lips in front of the visiting supporters' section as a section of fans directed "monkey chants" at him and then teammate Kevin Prince-Boateng. In August, Balotelli joined LIverpool from Milan in a $26.5 million deal. The Italian has scored one goal since signing -- in Liverpool's 2-1 Champions League win against Ludogorets -- but the Merseyside club has had an uncertain start to the domestic season, losing three of their opening five games. The Italian is well known to English football fans after a turbulent two-and-a-half-year stint with Manchester City, where he helped the team to a first league title in 44 years while also gaining a cult following for his off-field antics.
highlights: British police investigate abusive tweets sent to Mario Balotelli . LIverpool striker sent "Man Utd...LOL" tweet after rivals beaten by Leicester City . Tweet was retweeted 150,000 times . Balotelli joined LIverpool from Milan in August .
id: 3250f7ba830071d07c1770cf16acbb0d4f529c18
chatgpt: British police are investigating a series of abusive tweets sent to Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli following his recent post on Twitter. The striker provoked a fierce reaction from football fans after he taunted rivals Manchester United with a message that read "Man Utd... LOL" when they were defeated by Leicester City. Balotelli's tweet was retweeted more than 150,000 times, which further provoked a reaction from the football community. However, the tweet also prompted a barrage of abuse, including racial and discriminatory language, directed at Balotelli on social media. The Liverpool striker, who only recently joined the club in August, has become the latest victim of online abuse. The incident has prompted police to launch an investigation, as part of their ongoing efforts to tackle hate speech and online abuse. In a statement issued by the Merseyside Police, a spokesperson said: "We can confirm that officers are currently investigating a number of reports of abusive messages sent to a Liverpool footballer via social media. Enquiries are ongoing and we would urge anyone with information to come forward." Online abuse and hate speech directed at high-profile figures is not a new problem. However, there has been a growing concern about the scale and impact of such abuse, especially in sports where racism and other forms of discrimination are still prevalent. The issue of online abuse has also been highlighted recently by a number of high-profile cases. In May, former Arsenal player Thierry Henry deactivated his official social media account after he was subjected to racial abuse following his decision to leave social media for a 24-hour boycott in support of the UEFA "No To Racism" campaign. The incident involving Balotelli has also raised concerns about the role of social media in modern-day football. While platforms like Twitter have helped to connect players with fans, they have also created a breeding ground for online abuse and hate speech. However, the recent investigations by the police and increased awareness of the issue among football authorities suggest that steps are being taken to tackle the problem. In the meantime, football stars like Balotelli will continue to be forced to endure the harmful effects of online abuse, while the rest of the football community tries to find a solution.