article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Ryanair attacked "idiot" and "lunatic" bloggers Wednesday after a customer highlighted what he said were flaws in the budget airline's Web site. Jason Roe said he found the comments by Ryanair staffers offensive and was disappointed by the airline's response. Dublin-based Web developer Jason Roe was booking plane tickets online when he discovered what he thought was a glitch that allowed him to book free Ryanair tickets. He duly posted details of the "glitch" on his blog as well as a message on Twitter. Soon people were trying to replicate what he had done with little success, and he later confirmed that he was unable to book the tickets without paying. But among responses on his Web site were three purporting to be from Ryanair staff. One read: "You're an idiot and a liar!! fact is! you've opened one session then another and requested a page meant for a different session, you are so stupid you dont even know how you did it!" Another said: "Website is not perfect, Life is not perfect...If you would work in your pathetic life on a such big project in a such busy environment with so little resources, you would know that the most important is to have usual user behavior scenarios working rather than spending time on improbable and harmless things." Tell us what you think . Roe said he later traced the IP addresses of the postings to the airline's headquarters in Dublin, something Ryanair later confirmed to CNN. "Ryanair can confirm that a Ryanair staff member did engage in a blog discussion," said the airline's spokesman Stephen McNamara. "It is Ryanair policy not to waste time and energy in corresponding with idiot bloggers and Ryanair can confirm that it won't be happening again. Lunatic bloggers can have the blog sphere all to themselves as our people are far too busy driving down the cost of air travel." Roe told CNN he was disappointed with Ryanair's response. "I was hoping the corporate response wasn't in line with the staff members, whose comments I found offensive. This wasn't a big issue and was really just a small problem; they could have said they were working on it and they over-reacted." "You can only imagine how many customers they could lose by treating them like this," he added. A spokesman for ABTA, which represents tour operators and travel agents, said the comments by Ryanair came as no surprise. "They treat their customers with contempt. We know that Ryanair doesn't put any store on customer relations," said Frances Tuke. "This is the way Ryanair conducts its business. Their clear goal is to provide cheap flights but we don't believe this is the way to provide customer satisfaction. Our members don't do this -- their customers expect a high level of service."
highlights: Ryanair slams "idiot, lunatic" bloggers after customer highlights flaws on Web site . Roe found what he thought was glitch allowing him to book free tickets . Airline staff members later posted abusive comments on Jason Roe's blog . Ryanair confirmed comments were by staff members, refused to apologize .
id: 46e8de77159f945c5cf2b3ecb81f16f314d48bf4
chatgpt: Ryanair has found itself embroiled in controversy after one of its customers highlighted a flaw in their website that allowed free tickets to be booked. While most companies would perhaps apologize for the mistake and fix it, Ryanair took a different approach. When Jason Roe, a customer of Ryanair, discovered the flaw and attempted to book some tickets, he was initially successful. However, Ryanair quickly caught on to the fact that some customers were booking free tickets and took the website down for 'maintenance.' After this, things took a turn for the worse. Ryanair staff members posted abusive comments on Roe's blog, targeting him personally and calling him an 'idiot' and a 'lunatic.' They also made it clear that they did not believe that there was any flaw on their website and that Roe was simply trying to scam them. Roe, who was understandably upset by the comments, took to social media to highlight what had happened. And as often happens in these situations, the story quickly went viral. People were outraged at Ryanair's treatment of one of its customers and the fact that the company appeared to be more interested in attacking Roe personally than in fixing the flaws on their website. Ryanair eventually confirmed that the comments on Roe's blog were made by their staff members. However, the company refused to apologize for what had happened, which only served to fuel the flames of the controversy. Many people felt that Ryanair's response was completely unacceptable and that the company should have taken more responsibility for what had occurred. This incident shines a light on something that is becoming increasingly important in the modern business world: customer service. Companies that treat their customers poorly are likely to find themselves in the midst of a social media storm, with negative comments and reviews spreading like wildfire across the internet. In the case of Ryanair, it is clear that the company failed to handle the situation appropriately. Instead of apologizing for the mistake and attempting to make things right, Ryanair attacked one of its customers and refused to take responsibility for what had happened. For businesses, the lesson to be learned here is clear. Customers are the lifeblood of any company, and they should always be treated with respect and dignity. If a company fails to do this, they are likely to find themselves on the receiving end of some serious negative feedback. Ryanair may have weathered this storm, but the incident has certainly left a sour taste in the mouths of many people. It remains to be seen how the company will change their approach to customer service in light of this controversy, but one thing is clear: businesses that fail to learn from their mistakes are doomed to repeat them.