article: Manchester United and Liverpool will both be televised live in the fifth round of the FA Cup, providing they come through their fourth round replays. Louis van Gaal's side face Cambridge United next Tuesday at Old Trafford while Liverpool travel to Bolton a day later for their replay. And both clubs will have the added incentive of another live television game if they progress to the fifth round. Manchester United face Cambridge in their fourth round replay at Old Trafford on Tuesday . Liverpool must overcome Bolton in a replay to set up a fifth round tie against Crystal Palace . Arsenal will be live on BT Sport against Middlesbrough after they beat Brighton in the previous round . Saturday 14 February . West Brom vs West Ham - 12.45pm (live on BT Sport) Blackburn vs Stoke - 3pm . Bradford vs Sunderland/Fulham - 3pm . Derby vs Reading - 3pm . Crystal Palace vs Liverpool/Bolton - 5.30pm (live on BT Sport) Sunday 15 February . Aston Villa vs Leicester - 1.30pm (live on BBC1) Arsenal vs Middlesbrough - 4pm (live on BT Sport) Monday 16 February . Preston/Sheffield United vs Cambridge/ Manchester United - 7.45pm (live on BBC1) Should United beat Cambridge in their fourth round replay, they will visit either Preston North End or Sheffield United on Monday 16 February in a game that will be live on BBC1. And if Liverpool overcome Bolton at the Reebok Stadium they will set up an all Premier League encounter against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park, which will be live on BT Sport at 5.30pm on Saturday 14 February. Arsenal have also been selected for live television coverage when they face Middlesbrough at the Emirates on Sunday 15 February live on BT Sport at 4pm. That game will follow BBC1's coverage of Aston Villa against Leicester City at 12.30pm the same day. The first live televised tie of the weekend will be West Ham's Saturday lunchtime trip to West Brom on 14 February, which will be live on BT Sport. The three games that will not be televised all take place at 3pm on Saturday 14 February, including Bradford's clash with either Sunderland or Fulham. Bradford will not be televised live in the fifth round despite their heroic 4-2 victory at Chelsea . BT Sport present their live coverage of Liverpool's fourth round clash with Bolton at Anfield .
highlights: Manchester United face Cambridge in fourth round replay . If Louis van Gaal's side win, their fifth round tie will be live on BBC . Liverpool could face Crystal Palace on BT Sport on Saturday 14 February . Reds must first overcome fourth round replay against Bolton . Arsenal vs Middlesbrough live on BT Sport on Sunday 15 February . Bradford not given live tie despite knocking out Chelsea in last round .
id: 78b613098f875306805ed47e3c394c1f7bb3a071
chatgpt: Manchester United will face Cambridge in a fourth round replay of the FA Cup on Tuesday night, with the winner earning the right to play a live fifth-round clash on BBC. The match will take place at the Abbey Stadium, where Cambridge held Louis van Gaal's side to a goalless draw at Old Trafford. United will be determined to progress to the next round, with plenty of added incentive given the potential of a live TV clash. However, they will need to navigate past Cambridge, who have already caused a major upset in the competition by beating Luton Town and securing a replay against United. Liverpool could also be set for a live televised match if they are able to overcome Bolton in their fourth round replay. They would then go on to face Crystal Palace on BT Sport on February 14th. The Reds will need to be at their best, with Bolton having already given them a scare in their initial encounter. Arsenal will also feature on BT Sport the following day, as they take on Middlesbrough in their fifth-round tie. The Gunners have been in fine form of late, with Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil leading the charge for Arsene Wenger's side. One team that won't be featuring in a live TV clash is Bradford City. Despite causing the biggest upset of the competition so far by knocking out Premier League leaders Chelsea, they have not been selected for a live tie. This decision has been met with controversy, with many feeling that the Bantams deserve the recognition for their impressive performances. The decision has also raised concerns about the selection process for TV coverage, with some suggesting that it could lead to teams being unfairly overlooked in the future. Overall, the FA Cup has once again provided plenty of excitement and intrigue, with some thrilling ties set to take place in the coming weeks. Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal will all be looking to progress to the next round, while Bradford will be hoping to continue their stunning run.