article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- A foundation created by Ray Charles is suing seven of the late singer's children, accusing them of violating a deal with their father not to claim any rights to his estate. The brewing battle in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles centers on 51 songs written or co-written by Charles. These include "I Got a Woman," the hit that brought him to national prominence in 1954, and "A Fool For You," "Mary Ann" and "What'd I Say," songs that topped the charts early in his career. The Ray Charles Foundation accuses the adult children of sending copyright termination notices to music publishers claiming they owned the songs, which the foundation contends it owns. Their "improper" claims "created an enormous cloud" over the songs' ownership, causing the "extreme likelihood that the value of these copyrighted assets will be permanently damaged," the foundation's suit alleges. Charles created a $500,000 trust for each of his 12 children two years before his 2004 death in exchange for agreements from them that they "relinquished and waived any further claims to their father's estate," the lawsuit said. The foundation supports research and education programs for the hearing impaired, as well as youth education programs, the suit said. "The foundation depends upon the income received from the said intellectual property and contract rights to continue the wishes of Ray Charles," the suit said. Without the royalties from the music, it could not fund the programs, it said. "The self-serving attempts on the part of the defendants to deprive the foundation of its said intellectual property and contract rights not only is contrary to the express wishes of their father and in breach of the agreement they signed and promises that they made, but is contrary to the best interests of those innocent parties who would be benefited by the grants made by the foundation," the suit said. The four daughters and three sons listed in the lawsuit allegedly are trying to exploit a provision in the 1976 federal copyright act that allows copyright holders a one-time opportunity to renegotiate older copyrights, the suit said. Charles renegotiated the copyrights in 1980, it said. "Consequently, all of the termination of transfer notices served by the defendants pertaining to those musical compositions for which the 1980 agreement serves as a renegotiation are invalid," the suit said. Some of the songs were also written as "work for hire," which are not subject to copyright renegotiations, it said. The foundation is asking for $500,000 in damages from each of the seven children and an order preventing them from claiming any rights to the music. The suit lists Marc Toberoff as the defendants' lawyer. Notably, he is also the attorney representing the estate of Superman co-creator Jerry Siegel in its copyright battle with Warner Bros. over control of the superhero's future. Toberoff's law firm did not immediately respond to a phone call and e-mail from CNN for comment.
highlights: The foundation accuses 7 of his children of wrongfully claiming rights to his songs . Their "improper" claims "created an enormous cloud" over the songs' value, lawsuit says . Foundation: Charles' children gave rights to his estate in a 2002 deal with their father . Controversy involves 51 songs, including "I Got a Woman," and "What'd I Say"
id: 7e24e00d77fc177245c2b482fbbdb8188f47c01b
chatgpt: The Ray Charles Foundation is accusing seven of the late singer's children of wrongfully claiming rights to his songs. According to the lawsuit filed by the foundation, the children's "improper" claims have "created an enormous cloud" over the songs' value. The foundation claims that Charles' children gave up their rights to his estate in a 2002 deal with their father. However, the controversy involves 51 of Charles' songs, including some of his most iconic hits such as "I Got a Woman" and "What'd I Say". The foundation argues that prior to the 2002 agreement, Charles had claimed ownership of the publishing rights to his music. However, after his death in 2004, the foundation claims that his children began to assert their rights to the songs, leading to the current dispute. The lawsuit also alleges that the children's actions have caused significant damage to the Ray Charles Foundation's reputation, as well as to the value of the songs in question. The foundation is seeking damages, as well as an injunction ordering the children to relinquish their claims to the songs. The Ray Charles Foundation was established by the late singer himself in 1986, with the aim of providing financial support to organizations working in the fields of music education and youth development. The foundation has since donated millions of dollars to various charitable causes. The dispute over Charles' songs is not the first time that the singer's estate has been the subject of legal action. In 2017, a court ruled that Charles' former manager had stolen $7 million from the singer's estate. Charles, who was known as the "Genius of Soul", was a pioneer of soul music and one of the most acclaimed musicians of the 20th century. He recorded more than 60 albums during his career, and his music remains popular to this day. The controversy over Charles' songs highlights the complex legal issues that can arise when it comes to intellectual property rights. In the music industry, ownership of publishing rights can often be a source of conflict between artists, managers, and family members. The Ray Charles Foundation's lawsuit against the singer's children is likely to be closely watched by industry experts, as it has the potential to set a precedent for future disputes over song rights. Despite the legal wrangling, the legacy of Ray Charles continues to endure. His music has influenced countless artists over the years, and his contribution to American popular music cannot be overstated. As the dispute over his songs plays out in court, it is clear that his influence will continue to be felt for generations to come.