article: (CNN) -- The man that prosecutors say is behind the stabbing deaths of four homeless men in Southern California now stands accused of the brutal killing of a mother and brother of an old friend, authorities said. The latest allegations against Itzcoatl Ocampo, 23, were made public Friday, shortly after authorities dropped charges against the friend, Eder Herrera, in the killings. Ocampo will be arraigned Monday on charges he stabbed to death 53-year-old Raquel Estrada and her 34-year-old son, Juan Herrera, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told reporters. "This case has expanded from murdering random, vulnerable strangers to murdering people he knew," he said. Authorities say Estrada was stabbed more than 30 times and Herrera more than 60 times on October 25, their bodies left in pools of blood inside their Yorba Linda home. Herrera, 24, was arrested a day later in large part because of eyewitness statements and surveillance video from a nearby store that showed someone resembling Herrera in the area at the time of the killings, Rackauckas said. But the brutality and similarity of the attacks caught the attention of a law enforcement task force created to investigate the homeless killings. It is the latest twist in the case that began on December 20 when the body of a homeless man who had been stabbed more than 40 times turned up in Orange County. Herrera and Ocampo, an Iraq war veteran, had been friends since their high school days, Rackauckas said. The two lived about a mile apart, he said. The district attorney did not comment on a possible motive in the murders of Estrada and her son. While charges against Herrera were dropped, he remained in custody at the Orange County jail late Friday on an immigration hold, authorities said. Ocampo has been in custody since his January 13 arrest on suspicion of killing 64-year-old John Berry outside a Carl's Jr. in Anaheim, authorities said. His arraignment in the homeless killings has been postponed until February 17. Ocampo is also accused of killing James McGillivray, 50, who was killed December 20; Lloyd "Jimmy" Middaugh, 42, who died December 27 and Paulus "Dutch" Smit, 57, killed on December 30. Ocampo served in the Marines from July 2006 until July 2010, and was deployed to Iraq for six months in 2008, according to Marine service records. He completed his service, with the rank of corporal, with the 1st Marine Logistics Group at Camp Pendleton, south of Orange County. CNN's Greg Morrison and Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report.
highlights: Itzcoatl Ocampo will be arraigned Monday on the new charges, the district attorney says . Ocampo, 23, is accused of the brutal stabbing death of Racquel Estrada and her son . Authorities say Ocampo and Estrada's son, Eder Herrera, are friends .
id: 72811e66f3cb40ff9984ba2900e7ad2fee38d9f1
chatgpt: Itzcoatl Ocampo is set to face a new round of charges related to the brutal stabbing deaths of Racquel Estrada and her son. Ocampo, who is just 23 years old, is accused of carrying out the gruesome murders in January of 2012. Now, as he prepares to be arraigned on the new charges, details of his alleged involvement are beginning to surface. According to authorities, Ocampo and Estrada's son, Eder Herrera, were friends. The pair had reportedly served together in the Marines, and shared a close bond. But that friendship took a dark turn when Ocampo allegedly targeted Herrera's mother and brother. The details of the murders are nothing short of horrific. Estrada, 53, was found dead inside her home in Yorba Linda, California on January 13th, 2012. She had been stabbed dozens of times, and her body had been mutilated. Her 34-year-old son, Eder Herrera, was found dead outside the home, having been stabbed and beaten to death. Initially, authorities had no suspects in the case. But after months of investigation, they began to focus on Ocampo as a potential suspect. In January of 2013, the former Marine was arrested in connection with the killings. Since then, Ocampo has been in jail awaiting trial. But now, with the new charges set to be filed against him, his fate is becoming increasingly uncertain. The exact nature of the new charges has not been revealed. But according to the district attorney, they are related to the murders of Estrada and her son. It's unclear what new evidence may have been uncovered in the case, or what new legal avenues are being explored by prosecutors. For Ocampo, however, the stakes couldn't be higher. He is already facing the possibility of the death penalty if he is convicted of the murders. And now, with additional charges on the horizon, his legal prospects are even more tenuous. For the families of Racquel Estrada and Eder Herrera, meanwhile, the pain of the murders continues to feel raw. Estrada's daughter, Jazmin, has spoken publicly about the painful aftermath of the killings. In a statement to the press, she said, "Our lives will never be the same. Every day is a struggle to keep moving forward." As Ocampo prepares to face the latest round of charges, the wounds of the families involved remain open. But for prosecutors and law enforcement officials, the hope is that justice will ultimately be served in this tragic case. Whether that hope will be realized, however, remains to be seen.