article: Stunned: Nurse Peter McDougall found this blade inside a pack of Halloween sweets . A nurse who purchased a bag of children's Halloween sweets from Poundland was horrified when he discovered a rusty three-inch blade hidden inside. Peter McDougall bought the packet of Witches Broomsticks from a Poundland store in Aberdeen in preparation for children trick-or-treating on Halloween. But the 28-year-old nurse, who works at Royal Cornhill Hospital in Aberdeen, couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the knife wrapped up with one of the marshmallows inside. Mr McDougall, from Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire, said: 'I had bought the sweets as part of the collection I have for when the kids come round chapping on the door at Halloween. 'But I hadn't had any breakfast one day so I was hungry. I ate one of the marshmallows and I was about to have another one when I saw the blade. 'It's like a hacksaw blade, something similar to a stanley knife, that was inside the wrapping with the marshmallow. 'I was shocked and mortified when I saw it - who knows what could have happened if a child had opened it.' The sweets, made up of twisted strips of marshmallow, are an in-house Poundland brand. Ironically, the bag of sugary snacks were sold with the tag-line 'Eat if you dare'. Mr McDougall, who bought the packet from Poundland's Berryden branch in Aberdeen, said the knife could cause serious harm to children. He said: 'It's longer than my finger. You can see all the rust in there. It looks like it's come off some machinery or something. Halloween treat: The bag of Witches Broomsticks were purchased from a Poundland store in Aberdeen . Investigation: Poundland has since removed the product from its shelves following the discovery of the blade next to a wrapped marshmallow twister . 'If a young kid had seen it they might not have known what it was and they might have started playing with it, which could have caused some serious damage. 'Because it's Halloween, they might have thought it was a free toy with the bag of sweets. 'Luckily it was me who found it and not a child, otherwise who knows what could have happened. 'I want parents to be aware that they need to double check what's in these bags of sweets when their children go trick-or-treating. 'When I told the lady in Poundland what I found she was absolutely mortified and I'm chuffed that they've have taken the sweets off their shelves.' A spokeswoman for Poundland said: 'Poundland is committed to providing its customers with quality products. 'An investigation is currently taking place into its Witches Broomstick sweets following a complaint from a customer that they had found a machinery blade inside. 'In the meantime, Poundland has removed the product from all of its stores until the findings of the investigation are known.'
highlights: Blade found in a pack of Witches Broomsticks purchased from a Poundland store in Aberdeen . Poundland has removed the product from all of its stores while the incident is investigated .
id: d73e5f6164d4ac8147e14166b0db6e9d7be614fb
chatgpt: A terrifying discovery was made in a pack of witches broomsticks purchased from a Poundland store in Aberdeen. The purchaser found a sharp blade embedded in one of the broomsticks. Poundland has quickly taken action and removed the product from all of its stores while they investigate the incident. The company issued a statement saying that they are taking the issue very seriously and are working with the relevant authorities to understand how something like this could have happened. The statement also advised customers who have purchased witches broomsticks to carefully inspect them before using. The discovery of the blade has understandably caused concern among parents who may have purchased these broomsticks for their children in the lead up to Halloween. The police have issued a warning that anyone who may have purchased this product should check it carefully and contact them immediately if they find anything suspicious. This is not the first time that a product sold at Poundland has been found to be potentially dangerous. Earlier this year, the company issued a recall on their "Baby pacifiers" after it was found that the nipple came off too easily and posed a choking hazard to infants. They have also been criticized for selling "weapons" such as knives and metal baseball bats in their stores. Consumer watchdog, Which?, has called on Poundland to improve their quality control and reassess their approach to product safety. The organization has previously criticized the retailer for selling items that are not fit for purpose and are potentially dangerous. Poundland has defended itself, stating that the safety of their customers is their top priority and that they take every complaint seriously. The company has also stated that they are committed to working with the relevant authorities to ensure that all their products meet the highest safety standards. This latest incident has highlighted the need for all retailers to be vigilant when it comes to product safety. Consumers also have a role to play and should always check items before purchasing, especially those that are intended for use by children. In a world where consumer trust is paramount, incidents like this can cause significant damage to a brand's reputation. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the investigation will be, but Poundland will no doubt be hoping that they can quickly clarify what has happened and take appropriate action to prevent such incidents from happening again in the future. In the meantime, consumers who have purchased witches broomsticks from Poundland are encouraged to check them thoroughly and to contact the relevant authorities if they have any concerns. The importance of product safety cannot be overstated and it is essential that all retailers take this issue seriously if they are to maintain the trust and loyalty of their customers.