article: By . Lizzie Edmonds . PUBLISHED: . 20:45 EST, 15 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:14 EST, 16 November 2013 . Conman: Adam Loveridge, 41, persuaded a vulnerable 64-year-old her porch and guttering needed fixing - and charged her £49,000 . A gypsy who charged a blind pensioner almost £50,000 for work worth just £1,000 has been jailed. Adam Loveridge, 41, cold-called at his victim's home and persuaded her that her porch and guttering needed fixing. He then billed the 64 year-old for a staggering £49,000 - which she began paying in installments. Over a year she paid out an extortionate £40,080 to Loveridge in a series of cheques until her bank became suspicious and contacted the police. Loveridge initially claimed he could not read the amounts on the cheques because of his illiteracy but he eventually admitted six counts of fraud. The conman, who lives on a caravan park in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, blew all but £3,000 of the money on gambling machines. Loveridge admitted six counts of fraud and was jailed for three-and-a-half years at Peterborough Crown Court. Recorder Richard Carey told him: 'What you did was to charge obscene amounts. 'You targeted a vulnerable victim and rejoiced in her money for more than a year.' Hugh Vass, prosecuting, said: 'Loveridge took £40,080 but he would have taken £9,000 more if the bank had not stopped payments. 'The victim is the stereotype vulnerable victim. She is a 69-year-old lady who lives alone and is totally blind. 'Loveridge cold called at her home and pressurised her into having work done. 'But being blind she could not see if the work had been completed or not.' Jailed: The man admitted six counts of fraud and was jailed for three and a half years at Peterborough Crown Court, pictured . Mr Vass said a surveyor visited the victim's house in Peterborough and concluded the work Loveridge did was worth no more than £1,000. Neil Corre, defending, claimed Loveridge had shown genuine empathy for his victim by pleading guilty. Peter Stonely, from Peterborough Trading Standards, said: 'The best advice we can give to elderly and vulnerable residents is never to deal with people who cold call at the doorstep.'
highlights: Adam Loveridge, 41, persuaded his 64-year-old victim her porch and guttering needed fixing and billed her for £49,000 . Frail woman paid out over £40,000 to Loveridge in a series of cheques . Conman spent all but £3,000 of money on gambling machines . Loveridge admitted six counts of fraud and jailed for three-and-a-half years at Peterborough Crown Court .
id: c7beaeeb98314637dd4dc0955c08d442841b518b
chatgpt: A 41-year-old man has been jailed for three-and-a-half years after conning a vulnerable 64-year-old woman out of nearly £50,000. Adam Loveridge persuaded the woman, who is described as being frail, that her porch and guttering needed fixing and then billed her for £49,000. The woman paid out over £40,000 to Loveridge in a series of cheques. However, instead of carrying out the work, Loveridge spent nearly all of the money on gambling machines, leaving the victim in financial ruin. She was left with just £3,000 of her savings after being swindled by the callous criminal. The extent of Loveridge's crimes came to light after the victim's son saw one of the cheques and became suspicious. He contacted police, who launched an investigation. Loveridge was eventually arrested and charged with six counts of fraud. He appeared at Peterborough Crown Court where he admitted his guilt and was subsequently jailed. Judge Sean Enright spared no words when sentencing Loveridge, stating that his "wickedness knew no bounds". He added that the defendant had "systematically plotted and planned" to take advantage of the victim and described his actions as "utterly despicable". The victim's son, who cannot be named for legal reasons, spoke out after the sentencing, saying that he was happy with the outcome but was still angry at what his mother had been put through. He urged other vulnerable people to be cautious when dealing with strangers and not to take anyone at face value. This case serves as a stark warning to others about the dangers of rogue traders and the importance of being vigilant when dealing with strangers. The victim in this case was left financially devastated, and it is hoped that this sentence will act as a deterrent to others who may be tempted to carry out similar crimes.