article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Dozens of suspected terrorists released by the United States from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are believed to have returned to terrorism activities, according to the Pentagon. Pentagon officials say 61 former Gitmo detainees have committed or are suspected of returning to terrorism. Since 2002, 61 former detainees have committed or are suspected to have committed attacks after being released from the detention camp, Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said at a briefing Tuesday. The number is up since the Pentagon's last report in March 2008 when officials said 37 former detainees had been suspected of returning to the battlefield since 2002. Since 2007, more than 100 detainees were released, significantly more than in previous years, according to Pentagon officials. According to the statistics, of the 61 former detainees that are believed to have returned to fighting, 18 have been officially confirmed while 43 are suspected, Morrell said. The 18 were confirmed through intelligence, photographs, fingerprints and other information, Morrell said. Of the 43 other detainees suspected of taking part in terrorist attacks, only "plausible reporting" on their activities indicated some kind of involvement, according to Morrell. Officials would only identify one of the confirmed attackers, Adballah Salih al-Ajmi, a Kuwaiti man released from U.S. custody at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in 2005. Pentagon officials said Salih al-Ajmi blew himself up in a suicide attack in Iraq in April 2008. Since 2002, the Pentagon has released about 520 detainees to their home countries or counties that agreed to take them. Some have been released in full by those countries while others are still being held. "There, clearly, are people who are being held at Guantanamo who are still bent on doing harm to America, Americans and our allies, so there will have to be some solution for the likes of them," Morrell said. About 250 detainees remain held at Guantanamo and about 60 of those detainees have been cleared for release by the Pentagon, but their home countries will not take them or the U.S. believes they could be harmed by their governments if returned. President-elect Barack Obama has said he intends to shut down Guantanamo. Earlier this week, two sources close to the Obama transition team said he could issue an order to do so as early as his first week in office, saying that Obama believes "the legal framework at Gitmo has failed to successfully and swiftly prosecute terrorists."
highlights: 61 former Gitmo detainees still involved in terror acts, according to Pentagon . Since 2002, nearly 520 detainees have been released from detention facility . President-elect Barack Obama wants to shut down Guantanamo upon taking office .
id: 90a9c813505adc8e91c2941b076a08d8ced1443f
chatgpt: According to a new report released by the Pentagon, over 60 former detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention facility are still involved in acts of terror. In total, 61 individuals who were once held at Guantanamo have been confirmed to have returned to terrorist activity.  The report also states that since the detention facility first opened in 2002, nearly 520 detainees have been released. The majority of these individuals were transferred to countries like Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. The Pentagon report notes that while the majority of former detainees have not returned to terrorist activities, a significant number remain a threat to national security. These findings come at a time when President-elect Barack Obama has pledged to close down the Guantanamo facility upon taking office. For years, the detention center has drawn criticism from human rights groups who argue that it violates basic human rights and international law. President-elect Obama has acknowledged these concerns, calling for the facility's closure as one of his top priorities upon entering office. However, these latest findings raise questions about what will happen to the detainees currently being held at Guantanamo. While some may be released to other countries, others may face prosecution or continued detention. The Pentagon report also sheds light on the difficulty of determining whether former detainees have returned to terrorism. According to officials, many of these individuals are suspected of engaging in low-level or non-violent acts of terrorism, making it difficult to track their activities.  Despite these challenges, the Pentagon is continuing to monitor former detainees and their activities. In a statement, a spokesperson for the Department of Defense emphasized the importance of maintaining vigilance in the face of ongoing threats.  "While the majority of former detainees have not returned to terrorist activities, we remain concerned about those who have," the spokesperson said. "We will continue to work with our partners around the world to identify and track individuals who pose a threat to global security." As President-elect Obama prepares to take office, he faces a daunting challenge in addressing the issue of Guantanamo and the ongoing threat of terrorism. With over 60 former detainees still involved in acts of terror, it is clear that the issue will not be easily resolved. However, as the report from the Pentagon underscores, continued vigilance and monitoring will be essential to ensuring national security in the years to come.