article: Mark Robins has left his role as Huddersfield manager just one game into the new Sky Bet Championship season, the club have announced. The 44-year-old took charge of the Terriers in February 2013, helping them avoid relegation that year and then leading them to a 17th-place finish last term. However, a 4-0 drubbing at home to Bournemouth, in a game where they fell behind after just 26 seconds, on the opening day of the new campaign saw Robins and his players jeered by angry fans. WATCH Scroll down for 'Mark Robins on his delight at signing Conor Coady, just days ago' Gone: Mark Robins has left his post at Huddersfield Town . And following a meeting with Huddersfield's board on Saturday, it was mutually agreed Robins would step aside. A statement on the club's website read: 'Following yesterday's first day defeat, Mark met with the board of directors. At the conclusion of the meeting, Mark and the directors all agreed it would be in the interests of all parties to part company. 'Accordingly, Mark's contract has ended amicably and by mutual consent. 'Huddersfield Town would like to place on record its thanks to Mark and wish him all the best for the future.' After the game Robins admitted: 'It was poor. It was difficult to explain and sometimes that is what happens in sport. 'It was the first game of the season when everyone is in great spirits and this puts a real dampener on it. I will fight but it's really disappointing because we have worked hard over pre-season." 'The supporters having a go at me or the players are the same ones who cheer us when things go right. They want to be entertained and we have to give them that. 'The players have to grow up and take responsibility. The system we play only works when the players put a shift in and too many players decided to take a day off. 'It's still early days and we dump this result in the waste bin and move on.' Drubbing: His side were thrashed 4-0 by Bournemouth on the opening day of the Championship season . Town chairman Dean Hoyle added: 'Mark has put his all into the job over the past 16 months and has made a big contribution to the club. 'He arrived at the club at a difficult time and immediately impacted to keep us in the Championship. 'Mark's approach to this has been refreshing. He has always put the club before himself and worked tirelessly on the training ground to change our way of playing and we have seen that come to fruition. 'Mark will be someone that I personally, and we as a club, will always remain in contact with.' Assistant manager Steve Thompson will take charge of the team during Sunday's training session, along with first-team coach Steve Eyre. Video courtesy of Radio Yorkshire . Twitter: @Radio_Yorkshire .
highlights: Robins leaves role at Huddersfield just one game into new season . Lost 4-0 to Bournemouth on the opening day of the Championship .
id: 4393af5bcbd3d49ddbec6f710f30b272afa4ca67
chatgpt: Huddersfield Town Football Club announced today that they have parted ways with their first-team coach, Danny Robins, just one game into the new Championship season. Robins, who was appointed in May of this year, led the team to a disappointing 4-0 defeat against Bournemouth on the opening day of the season. The decision to part ways with Robins was a difficult one, according to Huddersfield Town’s Chairman, Phil Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson stated that, “The decision to part ways with Danny [Robins] was not taken lightly, but after careful consideration, we felt that it was in the best interest of the club to make a change.” Hodgkinson went on to express his gratitude to Robins, saying that, “We would like to thank Danny for his hard work and dedication during his time with the club, and wish him all the best in his future endeavors.” Robins was appointed as the first-team coach for Huddersfield Town just a few months ago, in May of this year. He replaced outgoing coach Carlos Corberán, who left the club to take up the same position at Sheffield Wednesday. Robins was highly regarded in the football world and was seen as a good fit for Huddersfield Town, with his experience and knowledge of the game. However, the opening game of the Championship season did not go as planned for Robins and his team. Despite high hopes and expectations for the new season, Huddersfield Town suffered a 4-0 defeat against Bournemouth. The performance was widely criticized by fans and football experts alike, with many questioning Robins’ tactics and ability to lead the team. The decision to part ways with Robins just one game into the new season may come as a surprise to some. However, Hodgkinson emphasized that the club is determined to succeed and is willing to make tough decisions to achieve that success. “We are committed to achieving our goals this season, and we felt that a change was necessary to give us the best chance of doing that,” he said. It remains to be seen who will take over as the first-team coach for Huddersfield Town. Hodgkinson stated that the club is already considering their options and will make an announcement as soon as possible. In the meantime, assistant coach Mark Hudson will take charge of the team on a temporary basis. The news of Robins’ departure has been met with mixed reactions from Huddersfield Town fans. Some are disappointed by the decision, citing the short amount of time that Robins had to make an impact on the team. Others are hopeful that a new coach will be able to turn things around and lead the team to success in the Championship. Despite the disappointing start to the new season, Huddersfield Town remains a team with a bright future. The club has a talented squad of players and a supportive fan base, and is determined to succeed in the highly competitive world of football. With a new coach at the helm, the team will be looking to bounce back from their opening day defeat and make a strong push for promotion to the Premier League.