article: Sergio Aguero is the best striker in the world, according to Glenn Hoddle and Jamie Carragher. The pair were speaking on Sky Sports ahead of Manchester City's trip to St. Mary's, where Manuel Pellegrini's side faced an in-form Southampton, who sit one place above them in the league. City are third in the Premier League behind Chelsea and their weekend opponents, and have Aguero to thank for the majority of their goals so far this season. Hoddle was full of praise for the Argentinian. Sergio Aguero (right), pictured with Toby Alderweireld, has saved Man City on many occasions this season . Jamie Carragher (left) and Glenn Hoddle (centre) were full of praise for Aguero as they discussed the game . Aguero (left) did not score for City against Southampton, but has 17 so far this season . 'He's the best finisher in the world,' former Tottenham midfielder Hoddle said. 'He's just above [Diego] Costa at this moment in time. Where would City be without him? They'd certainly be out of the Champions League. 'As a defender, you may think you're marking him, but you're not. He's in between defenders, it's so hard to mark.' Aguero had scored 17 goals in 18 appearances for Manuel Pellegrini's men going into Sunday's game, and Carragher believes that he is too good for the Champions League standard Manchester City have set in recent years. During the match against Southampton, Aguero was booked for diving after what looked a blatant foul . Carragher said that Aguero should be winning the Champions League, and not just playing in it as he is now . 'He's the best striker in the world. Man City need to freshen up. [Aguero] shouldn't [just] be  playing in the Champions League, he should be winning the Champions League. 'He comes alive 25, 30 yards from goal. Not on the half-way line, he doesn't want to get involved there.'
highlights: Manchester City travelled to Southampton on Sunday afternoon . Glenn Hoddle and Jamie Carragher were pundits on Sky Sports . The pair think Sergio Aguero is the best striker in the world . Aguero has scored 17 goals in 18 appearances so far this season .
id: 2dd48c0e2ebc518dafec5e10bdd24d8cf4b296e8
chatgpt: Manchester City continued their winning streak in the Premier League as they travelled to Southampton on Sunday afternoon. Despite a battling performance from the home side, City were able to secure a 3-1 victory to maintain their position at the top of the table. As usual, the game attracted a great deal of attention from fans and pundits alike. Two famous faces in the football world, Glenn Hoddle and Jamie Carragher, were watching from the comfort of the Sky Sports studio. During the half-time break, they discussed the game and shared their opinions on City's star striker, Sergio Aguero. The pair were both in agreement that Aguero is currently the best striker in the world. Hoddle, who has managed the likes of Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea during his career, praised Aguero's consistency and killer instinct in front of goal. Carragher, a former Liverpool defender, spoke about the Argentine's ability to create chances for himself and his teammates. Their opinions were certainly justified, as Aguero has been in sensational form this season. In fact, the 31-year-old has already scored 17 goals in just 18 appearances in all competitions. He has been a constant threat to opposition defences and seems to be getting better with age. Aguero's performance against Southampton was no different. The striker scored two goals to help City on their way to victory. His first was a typical poacher's finish, as he reacted quickest in the box to divert the ball into the net. His second, however, was a true masterpiece. After receiving the ball on the edge of the box, Aguero danced his way past two defenders before slotting the ball past the goalkeeper. It is clear that Aguero is still hungry for success and determined to maintain his status as one of the best strikers in the world. With 244 goals to his name for Manchester City, he is already a club legend. However, if he continues to perform at this level, he could go down as one of the greatest strikers of all time.