article: (CNN) -- A 19-year-old Detroit woman who was shot and killed on the front porch of a Michigan home had a blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit for drivers in the state, according to a toxicology report released Thursday. Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy, meanwhile, was scheduled to make an announcement Friday about a review of possible charges against the homeowner who fired the fatal shotgun blast. The report from the Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office said Renisha McBride's alcohol level was 0.218%. The legal limit for drivers in Michigan is 0.08%. The report said McBride also had marijuana in her system when she was shot in the face by a homeowner after approaching his house after a car accident. Police have said that the unidentified homeowner's shotgun accidentally discharged. Lawyers for McBride's family claim she was simply looking for help after the accident, while those representing the homeowner said the 54-year-old man's actions were justified. Gerald Thurswell, an attorney representing McBride's family, said the autopsy findings were irrelevant. "I don't think the fact that she was intoxicated changes anything," he said. "Her being intoxicated on the toxicology report would make her less of a threat than more of a threat. The bottom line is, he should've called 911 when he heard a disturbance, and we know for a fact that the police would've been there in two minutes. Instead, he did the reverse. He took his shotgun, went on the porch, and blew her head off and then called 911." Mark Carpenter, a lawyer for the homeowner, said he would not comment on the toxicology report until after the prosecutor's announcement Friday. An autopsy report said McBride was not shot at close range. As reported in The Detroit News this week, McBride's autopsy left many questions unanswered. The autopsy confirmed that McBride had been shot in the face but revealed little about how the early morning incident unfolded on November 2. "There was an entrance shotgun wound to the face, with no evidence of close range discharge of a firearm noted on the skin surrounding this wound," said the autopsy report, which ruled her death a homicide. Detroit woman's autopsy leaves questions . McBride was in a car accident earlier that morning, but police said hours passed between the time of the wreck and her death. A woman told police that she helped McBride after the car crash, but that McBride said she wanted to go home and walked away from the scene, the Detroit News reported. The wreck happened about 1:30 a.m.; the shooting at 3:40 a.m. The homeowner said that he was awakened before dawn and believed someone was trying to break into his home. Charlotte police kill ex-FAMU player who may have been running to them for help .
highlights: Detroit woman fatally shot after accident had blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit . Renisha McBride also had marijuana in her system after fatal shooting . Wayne County prosecutor to make announcement on possible charges .
id: 8b3ed1c319f9b7831a076338894993b49e6e88ee
chatgpt: In Detroit, a fatal shooting has sparked a debate about the use of deadly force in self-defense situations. The victim, Renisha McBride, was fatally shot after crashing her car into a parked vehicle in a suburban neighborhood. According to authorities, McBride had a blood alcohol level nearly three times the legal limit at the time of the accident. In addition, marijuana was found in her system after the fatal shooting. The shooting occurred on November 2 at around 3am, after McBride crashed her car into a parked vehicle in the predominantly white suburb of Dearborn Heights. McBride reportedly left the scene of the accident and went to a nearby house, where she knocked on the door seeking help. The homeowner, identified only as Theodore Wafer, answered the door and shot McBride once in the face. McBride died at the scene. The incident has sparked outrage in the Detroit area and beyond, with many calling for justice for McBride and questioning Wafer's use of deadly force. McBride's family has hired high-profile civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump, who also represented the family of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed black teenager fatally shot by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in Florida last year. Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy is expected to make an announcement soon on whether charges will be filed against Wafer in connection with the shooting. Worthy's office has been reviewing evidence and witness statements in the case over the past several weeks. Meanwhile, McBride's family has been vocal in their demand for justice, calling for Wafer to be held accountable for McBride's death. "We want answers, we want justice, but most of all, we want to bring our daughter home," McBride's father, Walter Simmons, said at a press conference last week. Some have pointed to the racial dynamics of the case, noting that McBride was black and Wafer is white. Others have questioned whether Wafer had any legitimate reason to fear for his safety and use deadly force, given that McBride was unarmed and seeking help. Michigan is one of several states with "stand your ground" laws that allow individuals to use deadly force in self-defense, even if they could have avoided the danger by retreating. However, the specifics of the law and its application in the McBride case are still unclear. In addition to the legal questions surrounding the case, there are also broader concerns about the use of drugs and alcohol by drivers. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, drunk driving accounts for roughly one-third of all traffic-related deaths in the US. The McBride case highlights the dangers of driving under the influence, as well as the potential consequences of using deadly force in self-defense situations. As the investigation continues, many in the Detroit area and beyond are looking for answers and hoping for justice for Renisha McBride.