article: PUBLISHED: . 07:39 EST, 25 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:50 EST, 25 May 2012 . A 13-year-old boy whose friend was accidentally shot dead as they played with a gun covered the body with a blanket and fled his family home, police said yesterday. The panic-stricken teen did not tell anyone what had happened and spent Wednesday night elsewhere, leaving his cousin to come home and find 14-year-old TyJuan Woodard lying dead on a futon. But the man initially assumed the figure under the blanket was his sleeping cousin and did not disturb him, according to police in Little Rock, Arkansas. The skyline of Little Rock, Arkansas, the city where TyJuan Woodard was accidentally shot dead on Wednesday . It was not until a few hours later that the 13-year-old's relative took a closer look and realised he did not recognise the boy on the futon. He picked TyJuan up and noticed he was not breathing, having been shot in the chest. Someone called the emergency services and when officers arrived, they found the boy lying face-up on the floor, according to the police report. There was blood on his face and chest, and as medics lifted his shirt, they found what looked like a bullet wound. Police said everyone in the home said they didn't know the boy or what had happened. TyJuan lives elsewhere and had previously run away from home, according to police spokesman Lt Terry Hastings. Lt Hastings said officers talked to the other boy on Thursday morning. A woman who said she was the 13-year-old's grandmother said he stayed with his aunt on Wednesday night. 'He said he was scared, but I wish he had told me, just told me something,' she said. She had never seen TyJuan before he was found lying on the floor of her home. 'All I could see was blood on his nose,' she added. The woman is not being named so as not to identify her young grandson. Lt Hastings said he wasn't sure how the boys got a hold of the gun, which belongs to one of the 13-year-old's relatives. He said they were playing with the firearm in a bedroom when it went off and a bullet hit the 14-year-old in the chest. No charges have been filed, but Lt Hastings said the case will be forwarded to the prosecutor. One of the prosecutors, John Johnson, said his office is yet to receive the case file.
highlights: Man who discovered body of TyJuan Woodard, 14, initially thought it was his sleeping cousin .
id: 848555a9ea4823f7f6b6875c656d58a75949b95a
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, a man who was out looking for his cousin stumbled upon the body of a teenager who had been reported missing. The man, whose identity has not been revealed, initially thought that the body belonged to his sleeping cousin. It was only when he got closer that he realized that it was the body of TyJuan Woodard, a 14-year-old boy who had been missing for several days. Woodard had reportedly left his home on the evening of August 23rd, and had not been seen since. His family had launched a search for him, but their efforts had been in vain. It was only when the man who made the discovery called the police that they were able to identify Woodard. The police have not yet released any details about the cause of death, but have said that they are treating the case as a homicide. They have urged anyone with information about Woodard's movements in the days leading up to his disappearance to come forward. Woodard's family have been left devastated by the news of his death. His mother, Tisha Woodard, described him as a "sweet and loving kid" who loved to play basketball and ride his bike. She said that she had no idea why anyone would want to harm him. The community has also been left reeling by the news of Woodard's death. Local residents have held vigils in his memory, and have called for justice to be served. Many have also expressed their condolences to the Woodard family, and have offered their support in any way that they can. The discovery of Woodard's body has highlighted the issue of missing children in the area. According to local police, there are currently over a dozen children under the age of 18 who have been reported missing in the area. They have urged parents to keep a close eye on their children, and to report any suspicious activity to the authorities. As the investigation into Woodard's death continues, the community is coming together to mourn his loss and ensure that justice is served. His family and friends are holding on to the memories of the kind and caring teenager, and are determined to keep his memory alive.