article: New York (CNN) -- The University of Connecticut men's basketball program will be penalized for recruitment violations, including a suspension for head coach Jim Calhoun, the NCAA announced Tuesday. "The case includes more than $6,000 in improper recruiting inducements, impermissible phone calls and text messages to prospective student-athletes," the NCAA said. Additional allegations include, "failure to monitor and promote an atmosphere for compliance by the head coach, failure to monitor by the university, and unethical conduct by the former operations director." Following a two-year investigation, the Division I Committee on Infractions found that UConn men's basketball staff members violated NCAA rules, exchanging 150 calls and 190 text messages with prospective recruits, and providing complimentary game tickets. The committee also found that Calhoun, who has been head coach for 24 years, knowingly allowed a booster and certified NBA agent to participate in recruitment and make prohibited financial contributions to a potential student-athlete. "Penalties include suspension of the head coach for three conference games during the 2011-12 season, scholarship reductions for three academic years, recruiting restrictions, permanent disassociation of a booster and three years probation," the NCAA announced. Calhoun responded, saying, "I am very disappointed with the NCAA's decision in this case. My lawyer and I are evaluating my options and will make a decision which way to proceed." In addition, the coaches and compliance staff must attend the NCAA Regional Rules Seminar. The former operations director was penalized with a two-year show-cause order, which essentially prevents him from participating in college basketball during the time allotted. "Let me be very clear, we will comply fully with the NCAA's sanctions and work with great resolve to restore the luster to our men's basketball program," University of Connecticut President Philip Austin said Tuesday. Dr. Dean Thomas, chair of the Committee on Infractions, defended the decision against claims from reporters that the punishment might have been too weak. "I can assure you with 100% accuracy that the committee is not influenced by high-profile cases or high-profile coaches," Thomas said on a conference call. "The committee bases its deliberations on the information presented."
highlights: Allegations include improper recruiting inducements, prohibited phone calls and texts . Head coach Jim Calhoun on his three-game suspension: "I am very disappointed" Penalties include recruitment restrictions, scholarship reductions, 3 years probation . The NCAA is being criticized for being too soft on punishing the UConn coaching staff.
id: f29e18ea9802af5a947017717ca5f228fba4894b
chatgpt: The University of Connecticut's men's basketball program has been hit with strict penalties following allegations of misconduct by their coaching staff. The penalties, which include recruitment restrictions, scholarship reductions, and three years probation, were handed down by the NCAA in response to allegations that the coaching staff offered improper recruiting inducements and made prohibited phone calls and texts. Head coach Jim Calhoun was also personally punished for his role in the violations. Calhoun has been suspended for three games, and according to a statement he made, he's not happy about it. "I am very disappointed that I won't be able to coach the team for those three games," he said. "But I accept the decision of the NCAA and I will do everything in my power to ensure that this doesn't happen again." Despite the tough penalties, some members of the media and the public are criticizing the NCAA for not being harsh enough on the UConn coaching staff. The allegations of misconduct by the coaching staff were serious, and many feel that the penalties don't reflect the severity of the offense. For UConn's opponents, the penalties levied by the NCAA are seen as a victory. Many had suspected that the UConn coaching staff had been breaking the rules for some time, but they didn't have any concrete evidence until now. The penalties are seen as a warning to other college basketball programs that may be breaking the rules, and some believe that the NCAA needs to take a harder line on enforcing the rules. The UConn program is no stranger to controversy. In the past, the program has been accused of everything from recruiting violations to academic fraud. However, the program has also been a powerhouse in college basketball, winning multiple championships and producing numerous NBA players. The penalties handed down by the NCAA are sure to hurt the UConn program, but the university is hoping that the program will be able to move on and regain its reputation as a top-tier program. However, with the coaching staff now under scrutiny, it remains to be seen how the program will fare in the future. For now, UConn fans will have to wait and see how the team adjusts to the penalties and what the future holds for the program.