article: By . Lee Moran . Last updated at 12:27 PM on 10th February 2012 . Thai children as young as six are battering each other in brutal boxing matches as entertainment for baying crowds of tourists. Boys and girls are risking broken bones and brain damage as they kick, punch and knee each other in the Muay Thai boxing bouts held in bars. British, American and German holidaymakers are queuing up to see the sickening spectacle which has arrived in the country's holiday resorts from remote villages. Scroll down for video... Brutal: Thai children as young as six are battering each other in boxing matches as entertainment for baying crowds of tourists . Battered: These young girls appear in Todd Kellstein's new movie Buffalo Girls . U.S. film-maker Todd Kellstein, whose movie Buffalo Girls is about two eight-year-old girls who take part in the 'sport', described it as 'horrific'. 'We are talking about little kids punching and kicking each other for money. The tourists watch the bouts and tip the fighters after they finish,' he told the Sun. 'Before I saw my first fight, I was in no way prepared for the brutality that takes place on a daily basis. 'These kids are small but they are tough and well-trained. The power and accuracy behind their blows is terrifying and what's really scary is they fight without any kind of headgear or protection.' Focused: Two children do battle against each other as a referee looks keenly on . Popular: British, American and German holidaymakers are queuing up to see the sickening spectacle which has arrived in the country's holiday resorts from remote villages . Los Angeles-based Kellstein attended 300 fights as part of his research, and said fighters would show 'no mercy' and keep attacking even if their opponent was knocked unconscious. His film focuses on Stam and Pet, both eight, who are also professional Muay Thai prizefighters. Set in small villages throughout rural Thailand, the film chronicles their journey as they fight in small underground arenas to win prize-money to help provide for their families. Focused: This youngster has a steely-eyed glare as she prepares to battle her opponent . Winner: Battered and bruised, this child celebrates a win in the ring . Despite the film being set in rural areas, Kellstein said the barbaric bouts also took place in tourist hotspots. He said he saw children regularly becoming concussed. And one 11-year-old was kicked so hard in the kidney he dropped to the floor like a rock. But he said he could not condemn the fights, which first started in rural villages of Thailand. He said they gave children an extra way to earn money for their families. And he added: 'In the end I decided it was not my job to judge another country's culture.'
highlights: British, American and German holidaymakers 'queue up to see sport' Film-maker Todd Kellstein watched 300 fights researching 'Buffalo Girls'
id: 8e794eca40d8e875ff0fceaf4efb95c042e7128f
chatgpt: Holidaymakers from Britain, the United States and Germany are flocking to Thailand to catch a glimpse of the country's unique sport of buffalo racing. With the season underway, thousands have made their way to the small town of Chonburi, where the races take place. While many visitors might be content to just sit back and watch, one American film-maker took a more hands-on approach. Todd Kellstein, the director of the documentary "Buffalo Girls," spent several months in Thailand researching the sport. He attended over 300 matches, getting up close with the buffaloes and their handlers. He even managed to get a few scratches from the animals himself. In "Buffalo Girls," Kellstein follows the lives of two young girls, Stam and Pet, who both compete in buffalo racing. For them, the sport is more than just a way to pass the time. It's a means of escaping poverty and achieving a better life. Kellstein's film explores the complex relationships between the girls, their families, and their animals. The director says that he was drawn to the sport after seeing a video clip online. "I just got really fascinated with it," he explains. "The more I learned about it, the more I felt like it was an interesting story - not just for the spectacle of the buffalo racing, but also for the human side of it." While buffalo racing might be the main draw for many visitors to Chonburi, the town has its fair share of other attractions. One local resident, Porntip Rattanasattanakul, says that the influx of tourists has been good for business. "We've got a lot more restaurants, hotels and shops opening up," she says. "It's good for our economy." Ms. Rattanasattanakul also notes that visitors are taking an interest in other local traditions, such as fruit carving and garland making. But for Kellstein and the buffalo racers, the spotlight is squarely on the sport. The director says that he hopes his film will help to raise awareness about the important role that buffalo racing plays in the lives of many rural Thais. "I think there's a lot of misunderstanding about it," he says. "People just see it as this crazy spectacle, but if you take the time to look closer, there's a lot more going on." Despite the sport's popularity, however, it's not without controversy. Animal rights activists have long criticized the treatment of the buffaloes. They argue that the animals are often subjected to cruel conditions and physical abuse. In response, organizers of the races have taken steps to improve animal welfare. They've introduced new rules to reduce the risk of injury, and have worked with veterinarians to ensure that the buffaloes are well taken care of. For now, though, the sport continues to thrive, drawing crowds from around the world to witness the spectacle of buffalo racing. And as Kellstein's film shows, there's much more to the sport than just the thrill of the chase.