article: By . Paul Thompson . PUBLISHED: . 10:51 EST, 29 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:47 EST, 29 October 2013 . An eight-year-old girl from Georgia was bullied so severely that her scalp was ripped and her hair might never grow back. Aolani Dunbar needed hospital treatment after clumps of hair were ripped from her head by classmates at Roopville Elementary School in Carroll County after she went to school with hair extensions. Doctors say it might never grow back on the damaged part of her scalp and she might need a skin graft. Aolani also had to shave the rest of her head to avoid infection. Scroll down for video . Aolani Dunbar (pictured with her grandmother) needed hospital treatment after clumps of hair ripped from her head . The bullying began after the youngster had hair extensions attached to her natural hair, according to her grandmother Dorris Bearden. She said the third grader had wanted long hair in the school so she could brush it like other girls. Bearden said her granddaughter was picked on for two weeks with other girls tugging at the hair. 'She steps in the door of that school and the first thing they do is attack her and start ripping her hair out,' said Bearden. Bearden, from Carroll County, Georgia, said she alerted teacher's at Aolani's school as soon as she saw the damage to her scalp. She said one boy received an in school suspension. Aolani, who has had her head shaved to avoid infection, told WSB-TV Atlanta, that she was picked on as soon as she arrived at school with the hair extensions. 'They kept pulling it and pulling it, especially on the playground,' she said. Dorris Bearden (pictured left) said her granddaughter was picked on for two weeks with other girls tugging at the hair . Aolani is a student from Roopville Elementary School in Carroll County, Georgia (pictured) 'Everybody got a chance, and I was in the gazebo sitting there crying because I have no friends to play with that will protect me.' The family said Aolani is suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome as a result of the bullying. Bearden said she burst into tears when she saw the damage to her granddaughter’s scalp. 'It was just horrible,' she said. 'I just cried'. Other family members who learned about the bullying on a Facebook page have shaved their heads in support of Aolani. They're also asking people to donate hair to Locks of Love so that they can make a wig for Aolani and other children in need. 'It's not only a temporary effect,' said Bearden. 'It's something that could scar for life.'
highlights: Aolani Dunbar was targeted by bullies after wearing hair extensions to school . Her scalp was ripped, she was taken to hospital and might not grow her hair back . She is suffering from PTSD after the incident .
id: 79e925dbdb124c925d4217c3812005971a6542fe
chatgpt: Aolani Dunbar Facing Hair Loss and PTSD after Bullying Incident at School Aolani Dunbar, a 16-year-old student in Louisiana, is suffering from hair loss and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) after she was targeted by bullies for wearing hair extensions to school. The incident took place in September 2020, but Aolani is still dealing with the physical and emotional scars. According to Aolani, the bullies started harassing her on the bus ride to school. They pulled her hair and called her names, including racial slurs. The situation escalated when she arrived at school, and the bullying became more physical. The bullies grabbed her extensions and ripped them out, causing scalp damage and bleeding. She was rushed to the hospital, and the doctors told her that she might not be able to grow her hair back. Since the incident, Aolani has been dealing with the trauma of the attack. She has been diagnosed with PTSD and is currently seeing a therapist to help her cope. The constant reminders of the incident, such as seeing her damaged scalp in the mirror, has caused her to suffer from anxiety and depression. The incident has also affected Aolani's schooling. She has missed several days of school due to the trauma and anxiety caused by the bullying. Aolani's mother, Amber Boyd, is outraged by the school's response to the bullying. She claims that Aolani has been repeatedly targeted by bullies in the past, but the school has failed to take appropriate action. Boyd shared her frustration with the lack of support from the school in an interview with local news. "We've made numerous reports to the school, and nothing's been done," Boyd said. "They just push it under the rug like it's nothing, but it's something to us. It's something that's affecting our child every day." Aolani's story has gained attention on social media, with many people voicing their support for the teenager. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help cover the medical expenses and therapy costs. Unfortunately, incidents of bullying and harassment are still prevalent in schools across the country. The effects of bullying can have long-lasting impacts on the victim's mental and physical health. It is important for schools to take a firm stance against bullying and provide support for those who have been targeted. Aolani's story serves as a reminder of the devastating consequences of bullying and the importance of taking action to prevent it. It is our hope that her story inspires change and encourages schools to prioritize the safety and well-being of their students.