article: By . Peter Allen . Updated: . 12:02 EST, 5 March 2012 . The wife of Dominique Strauss-Kahn today launched a furious attack on feminists for trying to ‘dictate to everybody’ how they should live. Anne Sinclair, 63, is standing by the former International Monetary Fund chief as he faces charges of pimping and using corporate funds to pay for prostitutes. Using words which will infuriate thousands of women, Ms Sinclair even suggested that feminism had become a device used to unfairly ‘arrest’ philanderers. Fighting back: Anne Sinclair, right, the wife of Dominique Strauss-Kahn, left, today launched a furious attack on feminists who have criticised her for not leaving her husband . It follows two alleged rape accusations against Mr Strauss Kahn, who still faces civil charges in America after a New York chamber maid accused him of attacking her. But Ms Sinclair, who was today launching a new book about her American art dealer grandfather from who she inherited millions, said coverage of her husband’s legal problems had crossed the boundaries of both ‘voyeurism and the Inquisition’. Suggesting that society was becoming too conservative, Ms Sinclair even blamed economic problems, saying: ‘People are afraid of the future, hence a more moralising tendency. ‘Words themselves are moving away from their meaning, including (the word) feminism. Feminism is the struggle for women’s freedom. Accusations: Nafissatou Diallo, pictured, performed a sex act on Mr Strauss-Kahn in New York last May and has accused him of 'sadistic and violent' behaviour . ‘Self-proclaimed feminists have turned it into an arresting machine to dictate to everyone how we should live.’ Women like Nafissatou Diallo, the 32-year-old who performed a sex act on Mr Strauss-Kahn in New York last May, have accused him of ‘sadistic and violent’ behaviour. French judges also found evidence that he had sexually assaulted Tristane Banon, a 32-year-old writer, in a Paris flat, but could not prosecute because the alleged attack happened so long ago. Some 10 prostitutes have, meanwhile said they had sex at well planned orgies with Mr Strauss-Kahn, who has always denied all the charges against him, saying he simply enjoyed a ‘liberal’ sex life. Ms Sinclair has frequently expressed her anger at women who say she should leave Strauss-Kahn, even comparing him to Alfred Dreyfus,  a Jewish army officer who was persecuted by the French establishment at the end of the 19th Century. Ms Sinclair made her latest comments in Paris, where she was promoting her new book about her grandfather Paul Rosenberg, who made millions dealing in works produced by artists including Pablo Picasso.
highlights: Anne Sinclair says feminism has become a device used to unfairly 'arrest' philanderers . 63-year-old is standing by her husband despite him facing charges of pimping and corruption .
id: eaeb2b0d799c77845bf0e2cd8254469f65d18e24
chatgpt: Anne Sinclair, the former French TV journalist, has taken a stand against what she calls the misuse of feminism in the ongoing trial of her husband, Dominique Strauss-Kahn. Speaking to the media today, Sinclair claimed that feminism has become a tool for unfairly 'arresting' philanderers, in reference to the charges of pimping and corruption faced by her husband. Sinclair's comments came as her husband and 13 others appeared in court in the northern French city of Lille, where they face charges of procuring prostitutes for sex parties. The case has caused quite a stir in France, primarily because Strauss-Kahn was once seen as a rising political star before his dramatic downfall in 2011, when he was arrested in New York City and charged with sexually assaulting a hotel maid.  However, despite the various allegations made against Strauss-Kahn, his wife has steadfastly supported him. Sinclair firmly believes that he has been unfairly targeted, with feminism being used as a device to trap him. In her statement, she explained that "Feminism has become an excuse to throw a blanket over everything, to say that everything is bad". She went on to say that "once again, women are being treated as if they are stupid and fragile, incapable of making their own choices". Sinclair's comments are sure to fuel the ongoing debate about the role of feminists in modern society, and in particular, the controversy surrounding the trial of her husband. Some have argued that her statement reveals a lack of understanding of what feminism is really about, while others have praised her for speaking out on behalf of her husband.  In any case, the trial of Strauss-Kahn and the other defendants is ongoing, with the verdict expected in the coming weeks. The case is seen as a test of France's attitude towards prostitution and the role of powerful men in the sex industry. It has also reignited the debate about the power dynamics between men and women, and the long-standing issue of sexual exploitation. Regardless of the outcome of the trial, the case has already had significant implications for Strauss-Kahn's political career, his marriage, and the wider debate on feminism in France. The comments made by Sinclair today are sure to add to the already heated discussion around the case, and the role of feminism in contemporary society.