article: When Kellie Bohrer saw a Siberian Husky for sale for just $320 online - about $700 cheaper than the market rate - she thought it was too good to be true. She should have trusted her instinct. The 19-year-old is now more than $3000 out-of-pocket and without a puppy after falling victim to an online 'Nigerian-style' scam which authorities say is becoming increasingly common. Scroll down for video . Cheated: Scammers sent Kellie Bohrer this picture of a Siberian Husky which she thought she had purchased . 'I really didn't understand what was happening': Kellie Bohrer is $3000 out of pocket and without a dog after being tricked by online puppy scammers . Bohrer, from Colorado, told CBS 4 she contacted the seller after seeing an advertisement for a purebred Husky on dogoodle.com. She thought it was a good deal, as these dogs normally sell for at least $1000. The seller sent her cute pictures of the dog and an authentic-looking registration certificate. But then the trouble started. Bohrer said the agency called and needed $1600 upfront for insurance to ship the dog from Washington state to Bohrer's Aurora home. The seller said the money would be reimbursed on delivery. But instead of a puppy, Bohrer got another email seeking $1000 for vaccinations and to pay a new carrier. Another email followed, demanding $4500 to get the dog out of 'puppy quarantine' in Las Vegas. 'We’re like this isn’t right,' Bohrer said. Tricks of the trade: The fraudulent 'seller' sent Kellie Bohrer photos of the dog and a registration certificate which looked authentic . 'Don't have an emotional attachment': FBI spokesman Dave Joly said consumers should treat online all sales like a 'business transaction' to avoid scammers . The registration certificate was similar to those issued by American Pet Registry, but contained multiple errors. CBS4 did a reverse search on the . pictures and found the same puppies for sale in Texas, Virginia, . North Carolina and overseas. The seller also used a false identity. 'Being 19, I really didn’t understand what was happening,' a tearful Bohrer said. 'I don’t want other people to suffer.' Federal Bureau of Investigations spokesman Dave Joly said consumers had to do their research to avoid scammers. 'Treat this as a business transaction. Don’t have an emotional attachment to anything that you’re purchasing,' he said. 'The first rule of thumb is if something appears to be too good to be true, it mostly likely is.' More information about online scams is available on the Internet Crime Complaint Center website via fbi.gov.
highlights: Kellie Bohrer, 19, was interested in buying a Siberian Husky for $320 from dogoodle.com . The seller sent authentic-looking photos and registration certificates before demanding about $3000 upfront for insurance and other costs . Bohrer realized she was being scammed when seller wanted more money . FBI said these Nigerian-style scams are common .
id: c89a580422f74b9256b760b9b8404d9f44f8df11
chatgpt: Young woman falls prey to Nigerian-style online dog sale scam Kellie Bohrer, a 19-year-old college student, had always wanted a Siberian Husky. When she came across an ad for one on dogoodle.com with a price of only $320, she felt like it was too good to be true. She soon found out that it was. The seller, who claimed to be from out of state, sent Bohrer photos of the dog and registration certificates that looked authentic. However, when the seller demanded that Bohrer wire a deposit of about $3,000 for insurance and other costs before shipping the dog, she became suspicious. Bohrer started doing some research and found out that some sellers ask potential buyers for upfront payments like this before disappearing with the money. She refused to pay any more cash and demanded her original deposit back. The seller refused to cooperate and Bohrer realized she was being scammed. She contacted the FBI, and they confirmed that this kind of Nigerian-style internet scam is common. Criminals behind these scams pretend to be foreigners who are offering dogs or other pets for sale, often for incredibly low prices. Once they receive an initial deposit, they start demanding additional fees for things like insurance, quarantine, and even airfare. By the time the victim realizes they've been duped, their money and the scammer are long gone. The FBI revealed that such scams are becoming more and more prevalent as more people turn to online shopping during the COVID-19 pandemic. They warn the public to be cautious when purchasing anything online and to research sellers thoroughly before any transactions take place. Bohrer is now sharing her story in hopes of warning others to avoid falling into the same trap. She wants people to be aware that there are numerous scams out there and that it's not just about losing money, but also the heartbreak of thinking that they might soon have a new furry friend. As always, it's better to be safe than sorry. Do your research, check the credibility of the seller, and never wire payments to anyone you don't know or trust. If a deal seems too good to be true, it's probably because it is.