article: Chelsea centre backs John Terry and Gary Cahill posed on the team bus as the squad traveled to face Shrewsbury in the Capital One Cup on Tuesday evening. Jose Mourinho’s side have to immediately respond to the disappointment of Robin van Persie’s late equaliser at Old Trafford on Sunday, as the Premier League leaders head to Greenhous Meadow. The League Two side are the lowest-ranked team left in the League Cup this season. John Terry posted this picture with Gary Cahill on his Instagram as the Chelsea squad travelled to Shrewsbury . Terry grapples with Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo during their clash at Old Trafford on Sunday . Brazil international Oscar posted on his Twitter page this snap with Filipe Luis and Willian on Monday night . Didier Drogba celebrates his goal at Old Trafford on Sunday with Chelsea team-mates Gary Cahill and Willian . Terry posted on Instagram a picture alongside team-mate and fellow centre back Cahill with the caption: ‘Bus Journey to Shrewsbury with the BIG man for tomorrow's game. Watching Homeland Season 4. #Cahill #capitalcup #2hourstogo’. In Terry's post Chelsea full back Filipe Luis looks engrossed in sending a text message as the rest of the Blues squad relaxed ahead of the fourth-round tie. Jose Mourinho is likely to make plenty of changes to his starting line-up that drew at Manchester United but will still be without striker Diego Costa who trained on Monday but won't be fit in time. Chris Smalling and Marcos Rojo both appear to headlock Branislav Ivanovic and John Terry on Sunday . Defenders Cesar Azpilicueta and Branislav Ivanovic are both suspended but Brazilian midfielder Ramires could feature following five weeks out with a groin problem. Following the draw at Old Trafford on Sunday, Terry had claimed he and Ivanovic were 'double headlocked' from every corner during the match. TV pictures clearly showed the United defenders grabbing their Chelsea counterparts around the neck but referee Phil Dowd failed to spot the offences which prompted Terry to post on Instagram on Monday: '#JTandIVAgotdoubleheadlockedfromeverycorner'. Cahill looks on in despair as Chelsea concede a Robin van Persie goal in stoppage time to surrender the win .
highlights: Chelsea face Shrewsbury in Capital One Cup fourth round on Tuesday . League Two side Shrewsbury are the lowest-ranked team left in the cup . Jose Mourinho is set to make several changes from 1-1 draw at Manchester United as Cesar Azpilicueta and Branislav Ivanovic are both suspended . John Terry felt his players were constantly fouled at corners at Old Trafford .
id: 3cb903d76a647568448926d4db52d58f08f1e282
chatgpt: Chelsea will face off against Shrewsbury in the upcoming Capital One Cup fourth round match on Tuesday. The League Two side Shrewsbury, currently the lowest-ranked team in the tournament, will be looking to cause an upset against the reigning Premier League champions. Chelsea, who recently drew 1-1 with Manchester United away from home, are set to make several changes to their starting lineup for the upcoming game. Manager Jose Mourinho will be forced to change up his defensive line as Cesar Azpilicueta and Branislav Ivanovic are both suspended for the match. Chelsea captain John Terry has expressed his concern over the numerous fouls his team conceded at corners during the recent match against Manchester United. Terry will be hoping his players can improve their set-piece defending against Shrewsbury. Shrewsbury, however, will not be an easy team to overcome. They boast an impressive run of six consecutive home wins in all competitions this season and will be motivated to continue their cup run against Chelsea. The club has already seen off Championship teams Blackpool and Norwich in previous rounds. Despite their impressive run, Shrewsbury manager Micky Mellon has acknowledged the challenge of facing one of the biggest teams in England. Speaking to the press, Mellon said, "We are under no illusions about the size of the task ahead of us but we are not going there to make up the numbers." For Chelsea, the Capital One Cup could be a chance to win early silverware this season. They lost out on the Community Shield to Arsenal at the start of the season and have yet to win a major trophy. The club has won the tournament four times previously, with their most recent victory coming in 2015. The match will be held at Shrewsbury's home ground, Montgomery Waters Meadow, and is set to be a thrilling encounter. Will Chelsea secure their place in the quarter-finals, or will Shrewsbury cause a major upset and knock out the Premier League giants? Only time will tell.