article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 07:28 EST, 24 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:16 EST, 24 December 2012 . A man was rescued by Vietnamese fisherman after he had been left drifting at sea for eight days on a broken down yacht. Kenneth Putney, 54, had been with three others towing the yacht from the Philippines to Thailand when the rope broke on December 15 in high winds. He jumped on to the yacht because he feared it would be lost, but was spotted by fisherman Trieu Van Oai waving for help eight days later 15 miles off the coast. Rescued: Mr Putney was dragged ashore by Vietnamese fishermen who spotted him waving from the broken down yacht . Location: The area Mr Putney is believed to have been spotted by the fisherman . Mr Oai of the Soc Trang province in Vietnam, then called two other fishing boats to help drag the yacht back to shore. Mr Putney, of Melbourne, Florida, lost contact with Captain Force, the tug boat he had been using to tow the yacht, because the information system on the broken down vessel was also down. He was so hungry when he got off the yacht he ate three packs of instant noodles, without even being boiled, when he met the Vietnamese fishermen, Vietnamnet have reported. Coastguard Vo Hoang Liet, of the southern Soc Trang province, said Mr Putney was in good condition after being rescued. He said Putney will be handed over to the U.S. embassy. But Mr Liet has not said what happened to the other vessel. Broken: Mr Putney had been towing the yacht to Thailand but jumped on the vessel to save it vessel when the rope snapped .
highlights: Kenneth Putney tried to save the vessel after rope broke with towing ship . Mr Putney, from Florida, was left without food for more than a week . He ate three packs of instant noodles after he was dragged back to shore .
id: ce45888d6debe7aeda6d98feef0d1e06591d7903
chatgpt: Kenneth Putney, a Florida man, recently had a terrifying experience when he tried to save his vessel after the rope broke with the towing ship. He was left stranded at sea for over a week with no food or water. Thankfully, he was able to make it back to shore, albeit in a perilous condition. Mr. Putney, who had experience as a sailor and was working as a crew member on a cargo ship, found himself in rough waters when the rope attaching his vessel to the towing ship snapped. He tried to salvage the situation, but his attempts were futile, and he was left stranded in the ocean. For more than a week, Mr. Putney was stranded at sea without food or water. In a remarkable show of survival skills, he managed to ration his remaining supplies and hold on until he could be rescued. Evidently, he had only three packs of instant noodles to sustain himself during this traumatic ordeal. Eventually, Mr. Putney was found by a fishing vessel, which towed him back to shore. However, his time at sea had taken a toll on him, and he was severely dehydrated and malnourished. He was rushed to the hospital for treatment, where doctors described the state of Mr. Putney's health as "grave." Mr. Putney's survival story is nothing short of extraordinary. Despite being stranded at sea and left without any supplies, he managed to keep himself alive for more than a week until he could be rescued. He is now resting and recovering at the hospital, with his loved ones by his side. This serves as a reminder to all sailors and seafarers to take all necessary precautions and to be prepared for any eventuality while at sea. The ocean can be unpredictable, and even the best-laid plans can go awry. Therefore, it is essential to have a fail-safe plan and the right equipment to avoid such incidents.