article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 11:15 EST, 1 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:15 EST, 2 January 2013 . Losses: Online shopping could led to 50,000 job losses on the high street according to experts . Online shopping could led to 50,000 job losses on the high street according to experts. Consumers swapping shops for ordering goods on smart phones and tablets has led to a 20 percent increase in online shopping. CRR director Professor Joshua Bamfield told The Mirror: 'By March, we expect 4,000 to 5,000 stores to close due to . competition from online retail, with an acceleration in chains closing . stores to focus more on online operations. "Companies previously said, 'we don't . expect each store to make money every year'. But now they're saying, 'if . a store's not making money, we'll close it'. The prediction means that closures and redundancies could be occurring as soon as March. This year Christmas spending got off to a slow start in early December, but trading improved in the latter part of the month. The post-Christmas sales saw a  £10.4billion spending spree, but the festive period has seen the shortest January sales rush. The British Retail Consortium said it expected a number of well-known chains to collapse after failing to make enough money over Christmas. Sales: While thousands of shoppers queued outside stores up and down the country to get ahead of the game, millions more made the most of tumbling prices from the comfort of their own homes shopping online . 'At this time of year there will be some retailers for whom the sums don't add up, and it will be a challenge,' said Mandy Murphy of the BRC told the Guardian. She warned that the first figures for December trading are likely to make difficult reading for retailers. Boxing Day set a new British record for the number of shoppers who went online figures showed. While thousands of shoppers queued . outside stores up and down the country to get ahead of the game, . millions more made the most of tumbling prices from the comfort of their . own homes. Britons . spent 14 million hours trawling websites paying around 113 million . visits to online retailers on what became the UK's biggest day for . internet shopping, analysts said. Growing: Last week John Lewis revealed that their online sales are growing at 40 per cent a year . Web sales were up by 17 per cent on Boxing Day last year, according to market data firm Experian. Figures were slightly lower than the 126 million online visits predicted for Boxing Day, something experts attributed to a 'sales creep' which saw retailers begin to slash prices before Christmas. Last week John Lewis revealed that their online sales are growing at 40 per cent a year. The department store, which started it’s online sale on Christmas Eve, said that increasingly their customers were visiting stores and shopping online.
highlights: 20 percent increase in the number of consumers shopping online . Closures and redundancies could be occurring as soon as March . Boxing Day set a new British record for the number of online shoppers .
id: 4da67baa146c23807a0344a4e8a55e5479b99bcc
chatgpt: The online shopping revolution shows no signs of slowing down, as new data reveals a staggering 20 percent increase in the number of consumers shopping on the internet in the past year alone. However, as retailers struggle to keep up with the changing market, closures and redundancies could be occurring as soon as March. According to a report by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), online sales now account for 18 percent of all retail sales in the UK. This figure has been steadily increasing over the past decade, with traditional brick-and-mortar stores facing stiff competition from e-commerce giants such as Amazon and ASOS. The rise of online shopping has been driven by a number of factors, including the convenience of shopping from home, the ability to compare prices and products easily, and the growing popularity of mobile devices. Consumers are also increasingly turning to online marketplaces such as Etsy and eBay, where they can find unique and unusual items that may not be available in physical stores. However, this shift in consumer behaviour has had a significant impact on traditional retailers, many of whom are struggling to adapt to the changing market. The closure of high street chains such as Toys R Us and Maplin earlier this year highlighted the difficulties facing bricks-and-mortar retailers, with many struggling to compete with online rivals. Now, reports suggest that more closures and redundancies could be on the horizon, as retailers look to cut costs and restructure their businesses. According to the Guardian, up to 10,000 jobs could be at risk in the new year, with a number of high street chains including Debenhams, Marks & Spencer, and House of Fraser all facing financial difficulties. Despite these challenges, online sales continue to soar, with the recent Boxing Day sales setting a new British record for the number of online shoppers. According to the retail data firm IMRG, online spending on Boxing Day was up 4.6 percent compared to the same day in 2017, with consumers spending an estimated £895 million in total. This surge in online spending was driven by a number of factors, including the growing popularity of smartphones and tablets, which accounted for more than half of all online sales on Boxing Day. In addition, retailers offered a range of discounts and promotions to entice customers to shop online, with many offering free shipping and returns. However, the rise of online shopping has not been without its challenges. One of the biggest issues facing retailers is how to deal with the growing problem of fraud and cybercrime, which has become a major concern for both consumers and businesses alike. Despite these challenges, the future looks set to be dominated by online shopping, with analysts predicting that the trend towards internet-based retail will only continue to grow in the coming years. As traditional retailers struggle to keep up with the changing market, it remains to be seen who will come out on top in the battle for consumers' wallets.