article: Washington (CNN) -- The Syrian regime this week fired at least two Iranian-made, short-range ballistic missiles in what appears to be an effort to more precisely target Syrian rebels, two U.S. military officials tell CNN. The Fateh A-110 missiles are more accurate than the older Scud variants that Syrian government forces have used in recent weeks. Read more: NATO: Syrian forces firing more Scud missiles . The U.S. military officials declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information. The Iranian government has not commented on the issue. The Fateh trades range for accuracy. It can travel about 125 miles, while the Scud can go about 185 miles. But the Fateh has a "circular error probable" or -- CEP -- of 330 feet, while the Scud's CEP is 1,480 feet. CEP is defined as the radius of a circle in which half of a missile's lethal payload falls and is the standard measure of a missile's accuracy. The firings did not reach near Syria's Turkish border. But the regime's use of ballistic missiles is the reason NATO is planning to send U.S., German and Dutch Patriot missile batteries to Turkish military installations: to protect the southern regions of that NATO ally. All six Patriot batteries are expected to be in place by the end of January. Read more: As Syria suffering spirals, envoy hopes for political transition . A NATO official could not confirm the use of short-range ballistic missiles this week, but NATO did detect the launch of such missiles inside Syria on a few December days, more recently on the 22nd. "The fact that Scud-type missiles were used in Syria emphasizes the need for effective defense protection of our ally Turkey," the NATO official said. "This is why, earlier this month, NATO allies decided to deploy Patriot missiles in Turkey to augment Turkey's air defenses. The deployment, which will start within weeks, is defensive only. Its aim is to deter any threats to and defend and protect the population and territory of Turkey." U.S. officials say they believe the Syrians are firing ballistic missiles to preserve their aircraft, some of which have been shot down by rebels. Read more: Syrian military police chief defects to join 'the people's revolution.'
highlights: Two U.S. military officials say the Syrian regime fired at least two Fateh A-110 missiles . The move is an apparent attempt to more precisely target rebel forces, the officials say . They decline to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . The missiles are more accurate than older Scuds, which have a longer range .
id: 03d02be873ab320e554c5895f855f96c9e9a3176
chatgpt: The Syrian regime has fired at least two advanced Fateh A-110 missiles in what appears to be an attempt to more precisely target rebel forces, according to two U.S. military officials. The missiles, which are more accurate than the older Scuds, have a shorter range, but their improved accuracy makes them a formidable weapon. The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the information, said that the regime launched the missiles in the early morning hours, targeting specific rebel-held areas. They did not disclose the precise location of the missile strikes or the number of casualties. The use of the Fateh A-110 missiles represents a shift in tactics for the Syrian regime, which has relied heavily on the less accurate Scud missiles in its ongoing conflict with rebel forces. The improved accuracy of the Fateh missiles means that the regime can now strike with greater precision, potentially reducing collateral damage and minimizing the risk of civilian casualties. The U.S. military officials did not say how the Syrian regime had acquired the Fateh A-110 missiles, which are manufactured by Iran. The missiles are believed to have been supplied to the regime as part of a broader program of military support from Iran, which has been a key backer of the Syrian government throughout the conflict. The United States and other Western countries have condemned the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian regime and have provided limited military aid to the rebels. However, they have not intervened more directly in the conflict, in part because of concerns that the rebels are themselves affiliated with extremist groups. The use of the Fateh A-110 missiles by the Syrian regime is likely to increase tensions between the United States and Iran, which has long been viewed as a destabilizing force in the Middle East. The Trump administration has taken a hard line on Iran, withdrawing from the nuclear deal and imposing harsh sanctions. The use of Iranian-made missiles by the Syrian regime is likely to fuel calls for even greater pressure on Tehran. The ongoing conflict in Syria has killed an estimated 500,000 people and displaced millions more. The fighting has also exacerbated tensions between regional powers, including Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Israel. The use of advanced missiles by the Syrian regime is likely to further complicate efforts to find a peaceful resolution to the conflict.