article: Johannesburg (CNN) -- South African prosecutors have appealed Oscar Pistorius' verdict and sentence, hoping to convict him of a more serious charge or make him serve more time in the 2013 shooting death of his girlfriend. The appeal paperwork has been filed, National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Nathi Mncube said Tuesday. A judge sentenced Pistorius to five years in prison on October 21 after finding the double-amputee track star guilty of culpable homicide, or negligent killing, in the death of Reeva Steenkamp. Prosecutors originally took Pistorius to trial on a murder charge. In the appeal documents, the prosecution calls Pistorius' sentence "shockingly light" and inappropriate. A court hearing will be held on the matter, but no date has been set. The process could take six months, CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said. Pistorius acknowledged shooting Steenkamp in February 2013. Prosecutors said he wanted to kill her; Pistorius said he mistook her for an intruder and her killing was a tragic accident. Prosecutors are arguing that Judge Thokozile Masipa misinterpreted a complex South African standard defining a technical form of intent that proved to be a central aspect of the case, according to Phelps. As a result, prosecutors argue, he should not have been convicted on the culpable homicide charge chosen by the judge. In explaining her sentence, Masipa concluded that Pistorius did not intend to kill Steenkamp. But critics of the verdict have argued that Masipa didn't correctly apply the intent standard, which is broader in South African law than what it typically means in casual conversation, Phelps said. In their appeal of the sentence, prosecutors would have to prove the five years given by Masipa is inappropriate in light of sentencing guidelines and similar cases, according to Phelps. Prosecutor Gerrie Nel called for a minimum sentence of 10 years. If an appeals court finds that the sentence is inappropriate, the court could set it aside and issue a new one. But appeals courts in South Africa are reluctant to get involved in sentencing decisions, Phelps said. Under South African law, Pistorius will have to serve at least one-sixth of his sentence before asking to be placed under correctional supervision. Correctional supervision usually means house arrest. CNN's Brent Swails reported from Johannesburg. CNN's Michael Pearson and Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta.
highlights: Verdict can be changed only if a court rules the judge misapplied law, CNN legal analyst says . Pistorius was sentenced to five years in prison last month . The track star was found guilty of culpable homicide . The prosecution says Pistorius' sentence is "shockingly light"
id: 8d6a94c94602f881c9d1bec179173d3f1a0276ec
chatgpt: Following the sentencing of former South African Olympian athlete Oscar Pistorius last month, there has been an uproar from the prosecution, who believe that his sentence of five years for culpable homicide was too light. However, according to a CNN legal analyst, it's not going to be an easy task to have Pistorius' verdict changed. The analyst explained that a verdict can only be changed if a court rules that the judge misapplied the law. This means that the prosecution cannot simply appeal and ask for a harsher sentence. They need solid grounds to show that the judge did not apply the right laws or made a serious error in judgement. There has been public outrage over Pistorius' sentence, with some calling for the athlete to be given a harsher punishment. The prosecution has backed this sentiment, stating that Pistorius' sentencing was 'shockingly light.' Pistorius made headlines worldwide in 2013 after he shot and killed his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in his home. Pistorius claimed that he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder and fired his gun in self-defense. The culpable homicide verdict, which is essentially a finding of negligence, was given by Judge Thokozile Masipa after a trial that spanned seven months. Now, with the prosecution calling for a harsher sentence, Pistorius may have to face an appeal that could result in a longer prison term. However, it is important to remember that the appeal process is a complicated one and could take months to complete. Meanwhile, Pistorius' legal team has been working to secure his early release on parole. Pistorius has already served one-fifth of his sentence, which makes him eligible for consideration for parole. His legal team is expected to make a formal application for his release in the coming weeks. The Pistorius trial has been a high-profile one, with the athlete's status as a world-famous Olympian adding to the public interest. The verdict and sentencing have been closely followed, with many questioning whether justice has been served. With the prospect of an appeal looming, it seems that the Pistorius trial will continue to make headlines for some time to come.