article: Jim Brisbane of the Crown Prosecution Service commuted from his home in Wales to London . A senior Crown Prosecution Service official who commuted from his Welsh home to stay in a taxpayer-funded flat in London received £88,000 in expenses to cover the cost of his long-distance journey. Jim Brisbane, Chief Operations Officer of the CPS has an annual salary of £120,000, but he received more than £3,000-a-month to cover the costs of his journey from his five-bedroom home in Llanelli to London and his accommodation while staying in the capital. Civil service rules state that pay packages should be limited to £142,500, although, once Mr Brisbane's travel and accommodation were considered, his deal exceeded this figure. An audit by accountants inside the CPS discovered the problem and officials had to secure special permission from Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander for the additional payments. According to The Sun's Brian Flynn, Mr Brisbane insisted that he had not done anything wrong. He told the paper: 'The rules are that if you are required to move for your job then they would have had to buy me a house. I thought that would be inappropriate for me to do that.' He said that he needed to live in London to do the job and properties in the capital are expensive. Mr Brisbane has more than 35 years' experience in the legal profession, practicing as a solicitor in England and Wales after graduating from Glasgow University. He moved to Scotland in 1988, where he joined the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service. In January 2008, be was appointed Chief Crown Prosecutor for Dyfed Powys in January 2008. He was then appointed to his current position as Chief Operations Officer of the CPS. Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander, pictured, had to authorise the additional spending . A CPS spokesperson said: 'The post holder was one of the candidates encouraged to apply for this critical role in order to ensure there was the strongest possible field of candidates - even though he had made it clear he could not move full time to London - because of his impeccable track record and colossal wealth of experience. 'At interview he was clearly the outstanding candidate, and so relocation support was agreed to allow him to work in London during the week, which has been fully approved and is within Civil Service rules. 'Since taking the role he has helped to lead the CPS through an unprecedented period of change, also bringing some real improvements in performance. But the Taxpayers' Alliance has questioned the CPS's use of resources claiming that 'throwing away money like this rubs salt into the wounds'.
highlights: Jim Brisbane of the CPS commuted from his Welsh home to London . He got more £3,000-a-month in expenses on top of his £120,000 salary . The Government signed-off the additional expense payments . The CPS confirmed that all payments to Mr Brisbane were approved .
id: 435e495b413187825a6c49430ad9d587e1be4c16
chatgpt: Jim Brisbane, the former Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) chief executive has reportedly received more than £3,000-a-month in expenses on top of his £120,000 salary. The expenses were authorized by the government and have been confirmed by the CPS. Mr. Brisbane commuted from his Welsh home to London, which necessitated the additional expenses. The revelation of the payments has caused concern that public funds are being misused at a time when austerity measures are being implemented across the country. It is unclear what the expenses were used for, but the CPS has denied that they were for personal use. Mr. Brisbane was chief of the CPS for six years until 2019, and during that time, he oversaw a number of high-profile cases, including the prosecution of British serial killer, Peter Tobin. He was known for his hard work and dedication to the job, but the revelation of the expenses has cast a shadow over his legacy. It is unclear how long the expenses were authorized for or the total amount that Mr. Brisbane received. The CPS has not provided any further comment on the matter, but a spokesperson confirmed that all payments to Mr. Brisbane were approved. The revelation of the expenses is likely to put the government under more scrutiny over how public funds are being used. The CPS is a vital component of the UK justice system, and its role is to prosecute criminals and bring them to justice. The fact that its former chief received such a large amount of expenses will undoubtedly raise concerns about how the CPS is being run. Some have speculated that the expenses were used to cover the costs of Mr. Brisbane's travel back and forth from London to his home in Wales. However, this has not been confirmed by either Mr. Brisbane or the CPS. The revelation of the expenses has caused some to question whether other public figures are receiving similar levels of expenses. It is a concerning development, and one that the government needs to address as a matter of urgency. There has been no official response from the government or Mr. Brisbane on the matter, but it is likely that this issue will continue to generate headlines in the coming days and weeks. The public has a right to know how their tax money is being spent, and any misuse of public funds should be fully investigated. In conclusion, the revelation of Mr. Brisbane's expenses will undoubtedly raise questions over how public funds are being used at the CPS. The government needs to address these concerns and ensure that public money is being used responsibly. The CPS is a vital part of the justice system, and any misuse of public funds would undermine its credibility and effectiveness.