article: The ISIS commander who appeared alongside a child executioner in a chilling video just days ago it believed to have been killed in Syria. Abu Sa'ad al-Dāghistāni has died in Kobane, ISIS fighters on Twitter are claiming. al-Dāghistāni - who is described variously as a fighter and an ISIS intelligence commander - featured in what's believed to be ISIS' last video, which claimed to show a young boy executing two Russian spies in the Islamic State. Scroll down for video . Abu Sa'ad al-Dāghistāni was killed days after he appeared in ISIS' latest shocking video . In the video, al-Dāghistāni is shown standing alongside a young boy behind two so-called Russian spies . The footage showed the boy standing next to al-Dāghistāni, behind two kneeling 'spies', after which the boy apparently shoots the grey-clad men in the back of their heads. However, lack of visible injuries on the men and evidence of blood after the killings suggest the executions may be staged for the cameras. The seven-and-a-half minute video starts with interviews with the two men where they admit to spying on ISIS on behalf of Russia. The men tell an interviewer off-camera their names are Mamayev Jambulat Yesenajovich and Ashimov Sergey Nikolayavich, that they are Kazakh and were recruited by 'Russian Intelligence'. The 'execution scene' sees al-Dāghistāni dressed in a camouflage uniform, with the young boy standing next to him holding a handgun. al-Dāghistāni - who is understood to have been killed in Kobane - claims they have confessed to being spies . The young boy is then shown apparently shooting the two men dead - although the footage has not been independently verified . The boy then tells the camera he hopes to be a fighter in the future . al-Dāghistāni speaks during the video, telling the cameraman 'Allah has gifted the Islamic State with these two spies'. 'By Allah's grace, they are now in the custody of the lion cubs of the Khilafah,' he adds. The boy walks up behind the 'spies' and appears to be shooting them both in the back of the head, before raising the gun and cheering. MailOnline has not been able to verify the authenticity of the video, which was uploaded to an anonymous vidme account linked to a Twitter user no longer in use. News of al-Dāghistāni's death began to circulate on Twitter yesterday but details are unclear.
highlights: Fighter - named as Abu Sa'ad al-Dāghistāni - thought to be killed in Kobane . Came days after ISIS released a video featuring him and a young boy . The shocking video showed the boy apparently executing two Russians . al-Dāghistāni is said to be a an intelligence commander within ISIS .
id: 7aa61fb41e875e6d6b78e3fad2cf59aa99c3584d
chatgpt: A fighter believed to be Abu Sa'ad al-Dāghistāni, an intelligence commander within ISIS, is believed to have been killed in Kobane. This development comes just days after ISIS released a video featuring al-Dāghistāni and a young boy. The video, which shocked the world, showed the young boy seemingly executing two Russian prisoners. Al-Dāghistāni was seen standing close by as the brutal killing took place. The exact circumstances of al-Dāghistāni's death are yet to be confirmed, but it is believed that he was killed during fighting in the area. Reports suggest that his body was recovered by Kurdish forces who are battling to hold onto the city of Kobane. Al-Dāghistāni was a prominent member of ISIS and played a key role in the group's intelligence activities. He is thought to have been responsible for coordinating attacks, gathering information on enemy forces, and recruiting new members. His death will be seen as a significant blow to the group's capabilities in the region. The video featuring al-Dāghistāni and the young boy has been widely condemned by leaders around the world. Many have expressed their shock and dismay at the level of barbarity shown in the footage. It is believed that the boy in the video was no more than ten years old. The use of children in such brutal acts of violence is a disturbing trend that is becoming increasingly prevalent within ISIS. The group has been known to use child soldiers in combat, and it is thought that they are actively seeking out young recruits to bolster their ranks. The death of al-Dāghistāni will be seen as a small victory in the ongoing battle against ISIS. However, the group remains a significant threat to security in the Middle East and beyond. In recent months, they have stepped up their activities, launching attacks in various countries and increasing their propaganda efforts. Leaders around the world have vowed to continue the fight against ISIS and to work to stamp out their ideology. The death of al-Dāghistāni is a reminder that the battle is far from over, but it is also a sign that progress is being made.