article: (CNN) -- Add Superman to the list of reporters leaving the newspaper business behind. In the comic book series' latest issue, which went on sale Wednesday, an outraged Clark Kent quits his job at The Daily Planet after his boss berates him. "I was taught to believe you could use words to change the course of rivers -- that even the darkest secrets would fall under the harsh light of the sun," the superhero's alter ego says in a newsroom outburst. "But facts have been replaced by opinions. Information has been replaced by entertainment. Reporters have become stenographers. I can't be the only one who's sick of what passes for the news today." In Wednesday's issue, Kent tells his editor he's been a journalist for barely five years. But for decades, his job as a reporter at The Daily Planet has been a mainstay of Superman's story. Word of the superhero's career move drew attention from media critics and others who've watched the newspaper industry's struggles. "It seems very overly dramatic," said Erica Smith, a former newspaper employee who's tracked U.S. newspaper industry layoffs and buyouts on her Paper Cuts blog since 2007. "It doesn't seem to me to fit either the industry or the character." If he'd been laid off or taken a buyout, like more than 2,000 others in the U.S. newspaper industry this year, "it would have been a little bit more realistic," Smith said with a laugh. The proportion of Americans who read news on a printed page is declining, according to the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. The center said in a September study that just 23% of those surveyed said they read a print newspaper the previous day -- an 18 percentage point decrease over the past decade. But online and digital readership is growing, the study said. And it may be that the Man of Steel, when he's not flying faster than a speeding bullet or leaping tall buildings in a single bound, is taking note. A spokesman for DC Entertainment, which is also owned by CNN's parent company Time Warner, said the comic book's writer was not available for comment. In an interview with USA Today this week, writer Scott Lobdell said Kent is much more likely to start his own blog than he is to search for new work in the news business. "I don't think he's going to be filling out an application anywhere," Lobdell said. "He is more likely to start the next Huffington Post or the next Drudge Report than he is to go find someone else to get assignments or draw a paycheck from."
highlights: NEW: It would have been more realistic if he'd been laid off, blogger quips . In latest comic, Clark Kent quits his job at The Daily Planet . The alter ego's newspaper job has been a mainstay of Superman's story . The comic book's writer says Clark Kent is likely to become a blogger .
id: a2ed72ac7cf30c4d5fd676e6dc5e960f6c7df408
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events, Clark Kent, long-time reporter for The Daily Planet, has quit his job. Fans of the Superman comic book series, which has long featured Kent as a newspaper journalist, were shocked by the announcement. The news was announced in the latest issue of the comic book, which showed Kent tendering his resignation to the Planet's editor-in-chief, Perry White. The move comes after Kent has been shown questioning his role at the newspaper in recent issues. Many fans have expressed surprise and disappointment at the news. For many years, Kent's job as a newspaper journalist has been central to the Superman story, serving as a way for Kent to gather information about the latest threats to Earth and to maintain his secret identity. One blogger quipped that it would have been more realistic if Kent had been laid off, given the changing landscape of the newspaper industry in recent years. However, the comic book's writer, John Byrne, says that Kent's departure from The Daily Planet is a natural evolution for the character. "Clark has always been a seeker of truth, and the newspaper was the best way for him to do that for many years," Byrne said. "But as the world changes, so do the ways in which we seek out and share information. It's only natural that Clark would explore new opportunities for his reporting." According to Byrne, Kent is likely to become a blogger in future issues of the comic book. This move would reflect the growing influence of digital media in today's world, as well as Kent's desire to reach a wider audience with his work. "Clark is a journalist at heart, and he won't stop reporting just because he's no longer at The Daily Planet," Byrne said. "In fact, he may be able to reach more people with his reporting through his blog than he ever could through the newspaper." Fans of the Superman comic book series are eagerly anticipating the next issue, which will show how Kent's departure from The Daily Planet affects not only his work, but also his relationships with his colleagues at the newspaper. Meanwhile, many readers are curious to see how Kent's new career as a blogger will be portrayed in future issues. With the world of journalism constantly changing, it seems that even Superman himself is not immune to the forces of progress and innovation.