article: By . Jessica Satherley . Last updated at 12:41 PM on 24th November 2011 . A 67-foot pregnant fin whale was being examined by biologists yesterday after its carcass was washed up in San Diego. Over 100 people descended to Fiesta Island, in the city’s Mission Bay, to watch the examination, which determined the whale had been killed by a ship which fractured its vertebral column, according local newspaper reports. And Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Oceanic organisation is paying for the carcass to be towed out to sea and sunk deep into the ocean tomorrow so researchers can study its decomposition over the next several years. Examination: Over 100 people descended to Fiesta Island, in San Diego's Mission Bay, to watch the examination of the dead fin whale . The cost of towing the whale is very expensive, but Virgin Oceanic's operations manager Eddie Kisfaludy said the effort made by Virgin is part of a larger vision by Branson to ‘get the world excited . about exploring’ the deep ocean. Kisfaludy told the San Diego Union-Tribune: ‘The first thing that is going to happen after we sink the whale is it’s probably going to get attacked by . all the deep sea critters that hang out around at 2,500 feet down. ‘That’s going to include hack fish, . shrimp [and] crab and they are probably going to be working away on it . for the next several years.’ San Diego lifeguards are patrolling the carcass until tomorrow and the towing will take place under the supervision of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Pregnant whale: The fin whale was pregnant when it died, leading its foetus (bottom right) be be expelled from its body 48 hours after its death . Helped by lifeguards: Local lifeguards originally towed the body from the Wastewater Treatment Plant to Fiesta Island so the carcass could be examined . Funding: Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Oceanic is paying for the boat and fuel to tow the whale . Along with the mother whale, which could weigh up to 70 tons, its five-foot foetus had apparently been expelled from its body around 48 hours after it died, due to bloating, scientists said. The whale originally washed up near Point Loma Waste Treatment Plan on Saturday afternoon before San Diego lifeguards moved the carcass over six miles to Fiesta Island where it could be examined. Lifeguard Greg Buchanan told the newspaper: ‘Everything went according to plan but I can honestly tell you the lifeguards were struggling with the enormity of the whale.’ Sir Richard Branson’s undersea leisure venture company is paying for the boat and fuel in return for the research. The carcass will be sunk near the Scripps Submarine Canyon and Scripps Institute of Oceanography, where scientists will study the decomposing body over the years to come and see how new ecosystems form. Fin whales are the second largest living mammals after the blue whale and grow up to 88 feet in length.
highlights: Branson's Virgin Oceanic is paying for the boat and fuel to tow the whale so researchers can study its decomposition over several years . Biologists recorded that the whale was killed by a ship .
id: e517d08deced28baf32a97c23ae8dfed51a9c702
chatgpt: A majestic whale that was killed by a ship will now serve a larger purpose in the scientific research community. Branson's Virgin Oceanic has announced that it will cover the cost of towing the whale and providing fuel for researchers to study its decomposition over the course of several years. This generous contribution by Virgin Oceanic will allow biologists to gain a greater understanding of the unique ecosystem that these remarkable creatures inhabit. In addition, the study will provide invaluable insights into the effects of human activity on the oceans and the marine life that inhabits them. According to biologists who have studied the whale, it was likely killed by a ship. It is not uncommon for whales to be struck by vessels traveling through their habitats, and this unfortunate death is a vivid reminder of the impact that humans have on our planet's ecosystems. But this tragic event presents an opportunity for scientists to learn more about the whale's biology and decomposition process. By towing the whale to a research facility and carefully monitoring its decomposition over the course of several years, researchers will be able to observe and study the many stages of the whale's natural decay. This research will not only provide insight into the life cycle of these magnificent creatures, but it will also contribute to our understanding of the impact of human activity on ocean life. By studying the chemical composition of the water around the whale's remains, for example, researchers will gain a better understanding of the impact of ship traffic on the health of our oceans. In addition to the scientific study, Virgin Oceanic's generous contribution will also support efforts to preserve the whale's remains and make them available for future generations to study. This is an important aspect of the project, as the scientific community relies on preserving specimens of rare and endangered species to further our understanding of the natural world. Overall, the study of the decomposing whale represents an important milestone in our ongoing efforts to understand and protect the world's oceans and the creatures that inhabit them. The generous contribution of Branson's Virgin Oceanic will make it possible for researchers to gain valuable insights into the biology and ecology of these magnificent creatures, and to shed light on the impact of human activity on the oceans of the world. As we continue to face ever-increasing threats to our planet's ecosystems, it is more important than ever to redouble our efforts to protect the natural world. Studies like the one being undertaken by Virgin Oceanic represent a crucial step forward in this ongoing mission, and we can only hope that their research will pave the way for a brighter, more sustainable future for all species on this planet.