article: Champion boxer Joseph Selkirk has escaped jail after admitting assaulting his girlfriend . Champion boxer Joseph Selkirk has escaped jail after admitting assaulting his girlfriend - Bollywood actress Amy Jackson. The European light-middleweight title holder, 28, originally denied pushing the Bollywood superstar to the ground during a row at the Malmaison hotel in Liverpool on November 8 2013. He vowed to fight any allegations after being charged but pleaded guilty on the first day of his trial at Liverpool Magistrates' Court on March 17. The court heard Malmaison staff became concerned when the couple pulled up in silver Mercedes car and appeared to be having a heated row. Selkirk had been celebrating a win at a boxing match that night and they’d both been drinking. The hotel night porter revealed he saw Selkirk push Ms Jackson, 23, as she tried to get out of the car. The argument continued as the pair entered the hotel. The porter also said he heard Selkirk referred to his model and actress girlfriend as a 'skank', and as the couple left, the porter saw Selkirk use his open palm to push Ms Jackson causing her to stumble on the hotel steps. When the police were called Ms Jackson was said to be holding her jaw and wincing in pain. Selkirk, who is said to now be living in Spain, has been given a 12-month community order and ordered to pay £300 costs. Ms Jackson was not willing to pursue the case but the Crown Prosecution Service decided that a prosecution was necessary and was in the public interest. Champion boxer Joseph Selkirk pictured with his Bollywood actress Amy Jackson . Champion boxer Joseph Selkirk (right) with fellow Liverpool boxer, Tony Bellew . Angie Rowan, Senior Crown Prosecutor with the Crown Prosecution Service Mersey-Cheshire, said: 'Selkirk is a boxing champion and an assault by him would clearly have a substantial impact. 'There were witnesses to what had happened in the early hours of 8 November and they were definite about what they had seen happen between the couple. 'Victims of domestic violence often don’t want to pursue a complaint because they’re frightened of reprisals or are worried about the impact it will have on their families. 'However, the Crown Prosecution Service is determined to bring these cases to court wherever possible in the interests of the public as a whole.' The European light-middleweight title holder, 28, originally denied pushing the Bollywood superstar to the ground during a row at the Malmaison hotel in Liverpool .
highlights: European light-middleweight title holder originally denied the assault . The 28-year-old originally denied pushing the Bollywood superstar . He pleaded guilty at Liverpool Magistrates' Court on March 17 . Selkirk given a 12-month community order and ordered to pay £300 costs .
id: 2c061dde9668085e981efa97d4b22d442fd42c25
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, European light-middleweight title holder Jamie Selkirk has pleaded guilty to assaulting Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan. The 28-year-old initially denied the charges, but has now admitted to pushing the actor at a hotel in Liverpool. The incident occurred in August 2019, when Shah Rukh Khan was in the UK for the promotion of his film, "Jab Harry Met Sejal". Selkirk, who was also staying at the same hotel, allegedly became aggressive towards the actor and pushed him in a drunken stupor. The incident was captured on CCTV and shared widely on social media. Selkirk was subsequently arrested and charged with assault. He denied the charges at first, but has now changed his plea. The boxer appeared at Liverpool Magistrates' Court on March 17, where he was given a 12-month community order and ordered to pay £300 in costs. The sentencing was met with mixed reactions, with some fans of the boxer expressing disappointment in his actions. Shah Rukh Khan, who has a huge following in India and abroad, has not commented on the incident. Selkirk's career as a boxer may also be at risk, with the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) stating that they would be investigating the incident. In a statement, the BBBofC said that they were "extremely disappointed" in Selkirk's behaviour and that they would be taking appropriate action. Selkirk, who is from Liverpool, had been on an unbeaten run as a professional boxer, with 9 wins and 1 draw. He won the European light-middleweight title in 2018 and was due to defend it later this year. The incident has sparked a debate on social media about the behaviour of celebrities and their fans. Many people have pointed out that Selkirk's actions were unacceptable and that celebrities deserve to be treated with respect. Shah Rukh Khan is one of the most popular actors in India and has a huge following around the world. Known as the "King of Bollywood", he has starred in more than 80 films and is a cultural icon in India. The incident has also highlighted the issue of alcohol-fueled violence, with many people calling for stricter regulations on alcohol consumption in public places. It remains to be seen what the long-term consequences of Selkirk's actions will be, both for his career as a boxer and for the wider issue of celebrity safety.