article: Jose Mourinho has taken a dig at Manchester City after their £25million signing of Wilfried Bony. The Premier League champions wrapped up a four-and-half year deal worth £100,000-a-week for the Ivorian striker on Wednesday but Mourinho has questioned whether City have remained within Financial Fair Play rules. He said: 'Good striker. If they have the money and no problems with FFP, well done. Rules are different for City.' VIDEOS Scroll down to watch . Jose Mourinho has raised questions about Manchester City's signing of Wilfried Bony (right) Bony joined Manchester City on a four-and-a-half-year deal, and he will wear the No 14 shirt . The 26-year-old puts pen-to-paper on his deal with Premier League champions City . City's signing of Bony means they now boast four  of the Barclays Premier League’s top five goalscorers of 2014 - Bony, Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero and Edin Dzeko. Manuel Pellegrini's side are two points behind Chelsea in the title race, but Mourinho believes his side are not favourtes. He said: 'We are not favourites for the title, we are candidates. I would say the same if we were two points behind.' Chelsea travel to Swansea on Saturday but Mourinho is still expecting a difficult test from Gary Monk's side despite the loss of Bony. He said: 'Swansea have a very good team and very good teams don't depend on one player. Losing Bony doesn't make them less difficult.' Mourinho also refused to deny whether he called referee Phil Dowd fat after Chelsea's 5-3 defeat to Tottenham earlier in the month. Mourinho was alleged to have said: ‘You’re too fat to referee, you should retire.’ Mourinho is also said to have shouted. ‘You’ve cost us.’ But when asked about the incident on Friday, he said: 'He made a big mistake. But when I got to his room, I go in a privileged position having watched it on TV.' Mourinho is said to have berated referee Phil Dowd over his performance in the 5-3 defeat at Tottenham . The Chelsea boss allegedly described Dowd as being 'too fat to referee' and told him he should retire .
highlights: Manchester City signed £25million striker Wilfried Bony on Wednesday . Jose Mourinho has questioned whether City have abided by FFP rules . Mourinho also claims league leaders Chelsea are not favourites for title . Chelsea travel to Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday . Click here for Chelsea transfer news .
id: ce8431ac630b4ed3da21e15131199538b3e0b9d9
chatgpt: Premier League champions Manchester City have made a highly anticipated signing by bringing Wilfried Bony to the club from Swansea City in a £25m deal. The Ivory Coast international has penned a four and half year contract with City, and his arrival is considered to bolster their chances of securing a second consecutive title. However, Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has raised doubts over whether City have abided by UEFA's Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations in signing the striker. "It looks like they can register any player they want," he said in a press conference on Friday. "The rules haven't been followed in accordance and I think it's the responsibility of UEFA to explain to the football world how Financial Fair Play runs." He added that Chelsea, who are currently top of the table by three points, are not considered favourites to win the title, despite having the best defensive record and boasting a midfield of top quality. "We can't be favourites because of the difference between where we are now and where we were last season," Mourinho said. "We are better than last season, but Manchester City are the champions and have a better squad than us." Chelsea will face a tough test on Saturday when they travel to the Liberty Stadium to take on Bony's former club Swansea. The Welsh outfit have been in good form this season and will be looking to take advantage of Chelsea's recent slip-ups against Newcastle and Southampton. But Mourinho is adamant that his side will be fully prepared for the challenge ahead.  "We have a difficult game against a well-coached team," he said. "We know that we are going to have a very difficult match, they are a very good team, with lots of options in attack, so we have to play at our best level to win the match." Meanwhile, Chelsea fans await further news on the club's transfer activity as the January window continues. Click here for the latest updates on potential Chelsea signings.