article: Dramatic cellphone footage captures the moment a three-year-old boy jumped from the second story of a burning building into the arms of his rescuer on Christmas Day. The child jumped into the man's arms while his hysterical mother watched on in terror as the blaze tore through an apartment complex in Birmingham, Alabama. Encouraging the boy named 'John' to take a leap of faith, bystanders are heard screaming out to to him to jump and manage to catch him while the fire burns around them all. Jump! Neighbors implore the 3-year-old boy to leap from the second-story window of his blazing apartment . Caught: The boy suddenly leaps into the arms of his neighbor and hands him back to his grateful mother . The three-alarm fire broke out at around 2am Christmas Day at Valley Brook apartments on Gallant Drive in the Center Point section of Birmingham. Kerry Jackson said he was awakened by his wife telling him that she could hear smoke detectors blaring. Jackson grabbed his camera and ran with his wife to help tenants trapped inside upstairs apartments, among them the 3-year-old boy. 'I really didn't have an emotion running through me at the time. It was just like I need him, we need him to jump,' said Jackson, who recorded the successful rescue. Out of harm's way: A firefighter is pictured running out  of the burning building with a little boy in his arms . Terrified: People had persuade this little boy to jump down to safety from the burning home . It was Jackson's cousin who caught the little boy and he told MyFoxPhilly that everyone did what they had to. 'One of the children didn’t want to jump. We had to actually pressure him to jump,' Jackson recalled. 'People's lives were in danger, people screaming. Everybody in community came together to help one another,' Jackson explained. Jackson said that after the boy was rescued firefighters arrived and discovered another child was trapped. Raging: The fire tore through the Birmingham, Alabama property on Christmas Day after a fire started in the oven . Devastated: The remnants of the home the morning of the 26th of December show the damage done by the fire . That child was also rescued from a downstairs unit and Jackson said that the reason he filmed was because as a photographer it is his instinct. "Every time you watch it, there he go he jumped, he jumped, he finally jumped. It's just that feeling it gives you just to relive that moment and say you saved someones life. It's just a really good feeling," said Jackson. “Everybody in the community came together and helped,” Jackson said of the fire. Two adults and four children were injured – including the little boy in the video, who remains in the intensive care unit. The fire was caused by food left unattended on a stove, officials said to Fox.
highlights: Child named 'John' was caught by neighbors and the moment was filmed . Boy's family all suffered from smoke inhalation during fire but all survived . Three-alarm fire broke out Christmas Day at Valley Brook apartments on Gallant Drive in Birmingham, Alabama .
id: 615d5c10342f75fe552bcc1488fd6f775ace37c7
chatgpt: Neighbors of the Valley Brook apartments in Birmingham, Alabama, sprang into action on Christmas Day after a three-alarm fire broke out. Tragically, a family with a child named 'John' were among those caught in the blaze. The family thankfully survived, but not without injury, as all of them suffered from smoke inhalation.  Although the family's injuries were a cause for concern, it was the neighbor's footage of young John's ordeal that captured the attention of many. The footage showed John, a small boy with dirty blonde hair and bright blue eyes, being ferried to safety by a neighbor who had grabbed hold of him. John appeared dazed and confused, coughing violently as he was carried out the building. Fortunately, he appeared to be relatively unscathed by the ordeal.  The footage quickly went viral, drawing attention to the bravery of the first responders and the quick thinking of the neighbors who came to the family's aid. But it also sparked a larger conversation about the dangers of fires, particularly during the holiday season.  According to local fire departments, Christmas Day is often one of the busiest days of the year for them. This is due in part to an increase in cooking and electrical fires, as well as the increased use of space heaters and other appliances that can put a strain on electrical systems. These fires can be particularly devastating in apartment complexes like Valley Brook, where flames can quickly spread between units.  Thankfully, the Birmingham Fire Department arrived on the scene quickly and was able to control the blaze. Firefighters worked tirelessly to prevent the flames from spreading to other units and to help any residents who were trapped inside. Though it was a close call for John and his family, they all eventually made it out of the building safely.  In the aftermath of the fire, many members of the community have come together to support the displaced families. Donations have poured in from local businesses and individuals, all eager to help those who lost their homes in the fire.  For John and his family, the support of their neighbors and the wider community has helped to ease the pain of their experience. Although they lost their home and their belongings, they are grateful to be alive and to have each other.  In times of crisis, it is often the bravery of ordinary people that shines through. The quick response of the neighbors who rescued John and the hard work of the firefighters who battled the flames are a testament to the strength of the human spirit in the face of adversity. It is important to remember, however, that fires can be prevented with proper safety measures and precautions. This holiday season, let's do our part to keep our communities safe and secure.