article: (CNN) -- The price of big screen televisions has been coming down, but this was ridiculous. Best Buy's Web site offered a 52-inch TV for less than $10, but the deal was too good to be true. Early Wednesday morning, BestBuy.com listed a 52-inch Samsung HDTV for $9.99 -- a savings of more than $1600. As customers jumped on the Web site trying to take advantage of the offer, Best Buy announced it was a "pricing error" and was no longer available. A recorded message on Best Buy's customer service line told customers "we will not be placing any more orders for this unit," and messages were sent on Twitter apologizing "for any disappointment." Customers who placed orders early Wednesday were left wondering if they got away with the bargain. Eric VanBergen of Grand Rapids, Michigan, told CNN he snapped one up for $84.79 -- including $70 shipping and taxes -- at 5:30 a.m. Then, he ordered a second. Dozens of customers were posting to Twitter and Bestbuy.com, saying they also placed often multiple orders. It appears they are out of luck. In a statement, Best Buy apologized for the mistake but said it would "not be honoring the incorrect price." Company representatives posted online messages telling customers "All current and previous orders made for the TV at this price on BestBuy.com will be cancelled, and customers will be refunded in full for the purchase." The company's Web site states Best Buy reserves the right to "revoke offers or correct errors" even if a credit card has already been charged. The price mix-up gave way to customer frustration as people lost out on the deal of the year. ".bestbuy dang you!!!!" was how VanBergen reacted on Twitter after learning that his two confirmation e-mails from Best Buy were meaningless. But it appears there is little else they can do. A spokeswoman for the Federal Trade Commission that investigates consumer complaints told CNN "The FTC act bars unfair and deceptive commercial practices." Those would be cases of phony offers or sweepstakes, rather than a mistake, she said.
highlights: Best Buy's Web site offers 52-inch HDTV on Web site for less than $10 . Customers get on Web site to take advantage of bargain . Best Buy officials admit "pricing error", says it will not honor TV purchases .
id: 981b9fefef07440bdbb43fba734b2a8a66a626fd
chatgpt: Best Buy's customers were shocked when they discovered a 52-inch high-definition television on the company's website for less than $10. The deal seemed too good to be true, and it turns out, it was. Best Buy has admitted to a "pricing error" on their website and claims they will not be honoring any purchases made at the discounted price. A number of customers quickly jumped on the opportunity to snag the television deal, only to receive an email from Best Buy informing them that their order had been canceled. Disappointed customers took to social media to express their frustration, with many accusing the company of false advertising. In a statement released on Monday, Best Buy apologized for the error and explained that the TV was mistakenly priced due to a "third-party error." The company noted that the pricing was clearly an error, as it was far below the retail price of the television. Best Buy promised to refund any customers who had already been charged for the order. Despite the apology, customers are still upset over the failed bargain. Many argue that Best Buy should honor the pricing error as a way of making up for the inconvenience they caused to customers who were excited by the deal. Some point out that Best Buy has honored pricing errors in the past, and they see this as an unfair change in policy. Others note that the company should have better systems in place to prevent pricing errors from happening in the first place. This is not the first time a company has faced backlash from a pricing error. In 2019, Amazon faced similar backlash after mistakenly selling thousands of camera lenses for 94% off their retail price. The company initially canceled orders and only offered a $5 gift card to affected customers, but eventually changed their policy and honored the pricing error. As technology advances and e-commerce becomes more prevalent, it's important for companies to have policies in place to address pricing errors. While Best Buy may have avoided a financial disaster by canceling the orders, they certainly have not escaped the public relations fallout stemming from the pricing error. Time will tell if this will impact the company's reputation and customer loyalty.