article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 15:23 EST, 19 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:18 EST, 20 February 2013 . Jessica Meecham, 20, is facing jail after admitting calling police to report a theft while drunk outside a pub then attacking officers when they arrived . A drunk woman growled at a police car and then attacked two officers after calling them to report a theft from outside a pub, a court heard today. Jessica Meechan, 20, was on a night out at The Coach House in Bristol when a fight broke out. When police arrived Meechan charged at the window of their unmarked vehicle and began growling. She was then arrested and assaulted two officers - spitting in the face of a WPC and pinching the thigh of her male colleague. Meechan admitted two charges of assaulting a police officer and one of being drunk and disorderly. District judge Simon Cooper adjourned the hearing at Bristol Magistrates’ Court for a pre-sentence report - but warned Meechan she faced prison. He told her: 'The purpose of this sentence will be punishment. You need to be taught a lesson.' Prosecuting, Chris Holland said the officers were called to the Coach House pub on Stapleton Road after reports of a fight. He said: 'On arrival the defendant was located outside the premises. The defendant proceeded to charge at the window of an unmarked police vehicle and growl. 'She was making threats about an unnamed person, saying 'I am going to stab her up, I will kill her next time'. 'She was behaving in a volatile manner.' Mr Holland said PC Gethin and WPC Pendleton arrested Meechan after arriving at the pub at 2.30am on October 25 last year. Meechan spat in the face of WPC Pendleton and then pinched the thigh of PC Gethin before being taken to a nearby police station. Police were called to The Coach House pub in Bristol where they were attacked by Meechan . When interviewed Meechan claimed she had been beaten by two girls in the pub's toilet who stole her mobile phone and £45. She said she was then thrown out of the pub by the landlord and that she had called police to investigate the theft. Graham Arnall, defending, said Meechan, of Easton, Bristol, had been injured in the attack by the girls. He said: 'She had black eyes, cuts and swelling to her face consistent with punches. 'She wanted the police to help her.' The court heard that Meechan has four previous convictions for assaulting police officers, two for battery and a number of drunk and disorderly offences.
highlights: Jessica Meechan, 20, charged at unmarked car and started growling . Spat at female officer and pinched her colleague outside Bristol pub . 'You need to be taught a lesson,' warns district judge Simon Cooper .
id: 77166af65964679e9a9da837fbd1d1cc7d5e5e6c
chatgpt: A twenty-year-old woman named Jessica Meechan has been charged with assault after attacking two police officers outside a pub in Bristol. Meechan reportedly charged at an unmarked police car and began growling at the officers inside. She then proceeded to spit at one of the officers and pinch the other one. The incident occurred in the early hours of the morning on Sunday, July 25th. During the court hearing, District Judge Simon Cooper told Meechan that she needed to be taught a lesson for her behavior. “Assaulting police officers is a very serious offense,” he said. “You need to understand that there will be consequences for your actions.” The officers involved in the incident were both women. One of them was a plainclothes detective who was parked in an unmarked car surveilling the pub when she saw Meechan charge at the vehicle. The officer then beeped her horn to alert her colleague, who was outside speaking to another person. Meechan then allegedly spat at the detective and pinched her colleague. The defense attorney for Meechan argued that her behavior was out of character and that she had been drinking heavily that night. He also said that she had been going through a difficult time in her personal life. However, District Judge Cooper was not swayed by these arguments. He said that assaulting police officers was unacceptable no matter what the circumstances. “Police officers have a difficult job to do and they should not have to put up with this kind of behavior,” he stated. Meechan pleaded guilty to two counts of assault and was given a six-month suspended sentence. She was also ordered to pay a fine and complete 200 hours of community service. District Judge Cooper warned her that if she re-offended, she would face harsher consequences. This incident is just the latest in a string of attacks on police officers in Bristol and other cities in the UK. Police have been calling for tougher sentences for anyone who assaults officers in the line of duty. In May of this year, the government announced that it was considering doubling the maximum sentence for assaulting a police officer from six months to 12 months. In conclusion, the assault on the two police officers outside the pub in Bristol was a serious incident that could have had even worse consequences. The fact that Meechan was under the influence of alcohol and going through a difficult time in her life is no excuse for her behavior. District Judge Cooper's warning that such behavior will not be tolerated is a reminder to everyone that assaulting police officers is a serious offense that will be punished accordingly.