article: (CNN) -- Josef Fritzl, the Austrian man accused of keeping his daughter in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children, will go on trial March 16 on six charges including murder and incest. Josef Fritzl admitted fathering seven children by his daughter during her 24-year captivity. The Austrian Press Agency reported Thursday the trial was expected to last about five days and be held behind closed doors. Further details about the case would be announced Friday, it said. Fritzl, 73, was charged in November with incest and the repeated rape of his daughter, Elisabeth, for 24 years. But he was also charged with the murder of one of the children he fathered with her, an infant who died soon after birth. State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said Michael Fritzl died from lack of medical care. In all, Fritzl faces six charges at trial: murder, involvement in slave trade (slavery), rape, incest, assault, and deprivation of liberty, Sedlacek's office said. If convicted, he could face life in prison. The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth's then-19-year-old daughter, Kerstin, became seriously ill with convulsions. Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow Kerstin to be taken to a hospital for treatment. Hospital staff became suspicious of the case and alerted police, who discovered the family members in the cellar. Fritzl confessed to police that he raped his daughter, kept her and their children in captivity, and burned the body of the dead infant in an oven in the house. Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins who died a few days after birth. When Elisabeth gained her freedom, she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11. On August 8, 1984, her father enticed her into the basement, where he drugged her, put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room, she told police. Fritzl explained Elisabeth's disappearance in 1984 by saying the 18-year-old girl had run away from home. He backed up the story with letters he forced Elisabeth to write. Elisabeth Fritzl and all but three of her children lived in the specially designed cellar beneath her father's home in Amstetten, Austria, west of Vienna. The other three children lived upstairs with Fritzl and his wife; Fritzl had left them on his own doorstep, pretending his "missing" daughter Elisabeth had dropped them off. Under Austrian law, if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses, he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime. In addition to murder, he will face the following charges: .
highlights: Josef Fritzl accused of keeping daughter captive for decades, on trial March 16 . Fritzl faces murder charge as one of 7 children he fathered by daughter died . Other charges include incest, rape, assault and involvement in slave trade .
id: a25e8006e5b206565aad85f820381e1d58840ab3
chatgpt: The trial of Josef Fritzl has begun in Austria, as the 73-year-old man stands accused of horrific crimes, including keeping his own daughter imprisoned for 24 years. Franz Cutka, Fritzl's attorney, indicated that his client would plead guilty to most of the charges against him, which include incest, rape, assault and involvement in slave trade. However, Fritzl denies the murder charge he is also facing, as one of the seven children he fathered by his daughter died while in captivity. The case has been described by authorities as one of the worst examples of human rights violations in recent history. Fritzl's daughter, Elisabeth, was just 18 when her father imprisoned her in a basement chamber in 1984. According to prosecutors, Fritzl repeatedly sexually assaulted Elisabeth during her captivity, fathering seven children with her, one of whom died shortly after birth. In 2008, Elisabeth and her remaining children were discovered when one of her sons fell ill and had to be hospitalized. The revelations stunned the world, and Elisabeth and her children have since been receiving therapy to help them recover from the trauma they endured. Fritzl's defense team is not denying the allegations against their client, but they are urging the court to take into account their client's mental state at the time of the offenses. Cutka stated that Fritzl was suffering from psychological problems and was under great stress when he initially imprisoned Elisabeth. The prosecution, however, argues that Fritzl's actions were premeditated and that he should be held accountable for his crimes. Chief prosecutor Christiane Burkheiser stated that Fritzl was fully aware of the consequences of his actions, and that he deliberately kept Elisabeth and her children captive for his own sick pleasure. The trial is expected to last for several weeks, and the eyes of the world are watching as justice is sought for Elisabeth and her children. While Fritzl's attorney has indicated that he will plead guilty to most of the charges against him, the murder charge he faces is sure to be the subject of much debate in the coming weeks. As the trial moves forward, the focus will be on the victims of Fritzl's heinous crimes, as they attempt to move on from the trauma they endured. While justice cannot undo the damage that has been done, it can offer some measure of closure and a sense of vindication for those affected by these horrific events.