article: While Juventus find themselves assuredly top of Serie A, their last 16 Champions League opponents Borussia Dortmund, sit a very modest 12th in the Bundesliga. In fact, Dortmund were actually bottom of the table until a run of three wins in their last three games lifted them off it; but even that little upturn shouldn't detract from what a disappointing league campaign it has been for Jurgen Klopp's men so far. Juve midfielder Arturo Vidal, however, insists that neither the threat nor inherent quality of Dortmund has waned; and says that the Turin club must still respect BVB, who will be determined to atone for their poor domestic showing on the continent. Arturo Vidal has insisted that Juventus will face no easy task when they take on Borussia Dortmund . Ilkay Gundogan tussles for the ball with Pradal Serey (left) in Dortmund's 3-2 win over Stuttgart . Jurgen Klopp's side are currently a disappointing 12th place in the Bundesliga table . Vidal told German football magazine Kicker, 'Dortmund's league woes make them even more dangerous, because they will be focusing their efforts on the Champions League.' 'They'll want to show that their Bundesliga place doesn't represent their enormous quality and is merely a deceptive snapshot.' He added, 'The strength of Klopp's team isn't individual players, but the unity of the team, the pressing game they play out, their superior technique on the ball and the crazy pace they show.' Vidal has rejected the idea that Italian football is not as strong as it once was . Juve midfielder Paul Pogba (left) controls the ball ahead of Atalanta's Giulio Migliaccio (right) Claudio Marchisio vies with Cesena's Carlos Carbonero (right) during the Serie A match on February 15 . Vidal also rejected the notion that Italian football is not as strong as it once was and even suggested that Juventus boasted one of the world's best midfields in himself, Paul Pogba and Claudio Marchisio. 'Juve's midfield is definitely in the top three out there, but now we have to prove it on the pitch in the Champions League,' he said. Despite that lofty claim, though, Vidal could not hide his admiration for Dortmund playmaker Marco Reus. 'If I could sign any Dortmund player it would be Reus. He's a really great footballer. But he just signed a renewal with Dortmund...' Dortmund playmaker Marco Reus rounds the Stuttgart goalkeeper to score during his side's 3-2 win .
highlights: Borussia Dortmund are struggling in the Bundesliga this season . However, Juventus star Arturo Vidal says they shouldn't be underestimated . Juve host Dortmund in the Champions League's last 16 on Tuesday . Vidal suggests that Juventus have one of the best midfields in the world .
id: c97da1d16b5d7cc3e31f14b7d6f7214515e12355
chatgpt: Borussia Dortmund are facing a tough season in the Bundesliga, but Juventus star Arturo Vidal has warned against underestimating the German side. Despite experiencing a dip in form, Vidal acknowledges the strength of Dortmund’s squad and the talent they possess. As the two sides prepare to face off in the last 16 of the Champions League on Tuesday, Vidal has issued a warning to his team that they should not take Dortmund lightly. Speaking ahead of the game, the Chilean midfielder said: “I think that Borussia Dortmund is a great team, they have very good players, and they should not be underestimated.” Vidal has also highlighted the strength of Juventus’ midfield, claiming that they are one of the best in the world. The Old Lady’s midfield boasts some exceptional talent, with the likes of Rodrigo Bentancur, Adrien Rabiot, and Aaron Ramsey all vying for a starting spot. Despite having a wealth of midfield options, Juventus’ recent form has been somewhat erratic. A 1-0 win against Bologna on Saturday ensured they remain unbeaten in Serie A this season, but they have struggled to find their rhythm at times. Meanwhile, Dortmund have been struggling in the Bundesliga, currently sitting 6th in the table. They have only won one of their last four league games and face a tough task to qualify for the Champions League next season. However, in the Champions League, Dortmund have performed well, topping Group F with 13 points from a possible 18. They have also been no strangers to causing upsets in the competition, as evidenced by their 2-1 victory over Paris Saint-Germain during the group stage. Looking ahead to the game, Vidal acknowledged that Juventus cannot underestimate Dortmund, saying: “We need to play 100% because Borussia Dortmund is a very good team, and in the Champions League, anything can happen.” The game represents a huge opportunity for both sides to progress to the quarter-finals, with Dortmund desperate to prove their worth after a difficult season, and Juventus looking to make a real push for the trophy. Despite the contrasting form of the two sides, Tuesday’s game is shaping up to be an enticing encounter, with two quality teams battling it out for their place in the last eight of the competition.