article: By . William Turvill . PUBLISHED: . 12:55 EST, 14 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:27 EST, 14 March 2014 . A High Court judge has asked government officials in three countries to help re-unite two sisters at the centre of a tug-of-love dispute with their mother. Selina Ali, three, and her sister Hana, who is nearly two, from Birmingham, were thought to have been taken to Algeria by their Algerian father, Hamza Ali, 30, the High Court in London heard. This is in breach of court orders that they should live with their Polish mother, Edyta Wawrzak, also 30, Mrs Justice Hogg was told at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court. A High Court judge has asked government officials in three countries for help re-uniting two sisters, Selina Ali (left), three, and her sister Hana (right), who is nearly two, with their mother . Lawyers representing Ms Wawrzak, a hotel housekeeper from Sosnowiec, Poland, said Mr Ali, a mechanic, had returned to England alone. They said the girls were thought to be living with members of his family in Algiers - and said it was hoped that a relative might bring them back to England. But lawyers said the girls might have problems obtaining travel documentation which would allow them to re-enter the UK because of the nationalities of the parents. Mrs Justice Hogg asked British officials at the UK Border Agency and the Foreign Office plus officials in the Polish and Algerian embassies in London to do what they could to help. She also ruled that the youngsters’ plight could be reported - in the hope that publicity would help get them home. ‘I will give leave for publicity,’ said Mrs Justice Hogg. ‘I am very concerned about these little girls.’ Mrs Justice Hogg was told at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court (pictured) that the situation is in breach of court orders that they should live with their Polish mother, Edyta Wawrzak, 30 . Ms Wawrzak had been in the UK for about five years, the judge was told. She had married Mr Ali in 2011 and they had separated in 2013. Ms Wawrzak said Mr Ali had offered to look after the children on a day in early February when she had to go out. She said when she returned Mr Ali, the children - and their ‘Mickey and Minnie toys’ - had gone.
highlights: Selina Ali, three, and her sister Hana, nearly two, from Birmingham, have been taken to Algeria by their father, Hamza Ali, 30, the High Court heard . This is in breach of court orders that they should live with their Polish mother, Edyta Wawrzak, 30, Mrs Justice Hogg was told . Lawyers of Ms Wawrzak said Mr Ali had returned to England alone . They said the girls are thought to be living with Mr Ali's relatives in Algiers .
id: fbb445278eb3dd2e285f4ce678065d931292d08e
chatgpt: Two young sisters from Birmingham have been taken to Algeria by their father in breach of a court order, the High Court has heard. Selina Ali, three, and her sister Hana, nearly two, should have been living with their Polish mother, Edyta Wawrzak, 30, in accordance with the orders. However, their father, Hamza Ali, 30, has reportedly taken them to Algeria and returned to England alone. Lawyers representing Ms. Wawrzak have reported that the girls are believed to be living with Ali's relatives in Algiers. The father's actions have been deemed in contempt of court as the court orders stipulate that the children should live with their mother. During the hearing, Mrs. Justice Hogg was told that according to reports, the children were taken out of the UK on the 7th of September. Since then, their whereabouts have been unknown until recent information emerged stating that they were in Algeria with their father. The court heard that Ms. Wawrzak has been granted a collection order for the children, meaning that they must be returned to the UK. However, efforts to execute the order have been challenging due to the current global travel restrictions caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. According to reports, Mr. Ali had previously been granted supervised contact with the children but had failed to return them to their mother as arranged. The situation has now escalated, with the children reportedly taken out of the country. Ms. Wawrzak's lawyers have also raised concern over the children's welfare and wellbeing, as there is no information as to how they are being cared for or who exactly they are living with in Algeria. During the hearing, the judge made it clear that the priority in this case is for the children's safe return to their mother. The judge ordered that Mr. Ali provide any information he has over the children's whereabouts and ensure their immediate safe return back to the UK. The case has been adjourned for further hearings, with the judge urging that all parties cooperate fully to resolve the matter as soon as possible, given the sensitive nature of the case and the children's best interests.