article: (CNN) -- They met and fell head over heels at the Taj Mahal, that iconic monument to love. She, an American tourist. He, an Indian rickshaw driver. But theirs wasn't to be the kind of romance that Bollywood endings are made of. Their marriage soon soured. And Bunty Sharma stabbed his wife, Erin Willinger, to death before blowing himself up in his home. Willinger, 35, of Pennsylvania first visited the northern Indian city of Agra in September to see the Taj Mahal, the white marble mausoleum that a grief-stricken emperor had erected for his wife who died during childbirth. There, Willinger met Sharma, a 32-year-old who made a living driving an autorickshaw, those three-wheeled green and yellow cabs. They married in a local court, Agra's police chief Shalabh Mathur told CNN. But their marriage soon headed into trouble and the couple started living separately over "differences" in their relationship, Mathur said. "Both had allegations against each other," the police chief said, without elaborating. But the Indian Express newspaper reported that Sharma accused his wife of smoking too much and "talking to other men." The couple separated but were not legally divorced, Mathur said. On February 20, Willinger met Sharma again -- but police weren't clear why. Police said he drove her to a secluded spot in Agra and fatally stabbed her. He then went home and killed himself by igniting a gas canister in his kitchen that caused his house to explode. "We offer our condolences to her family and loved ones on their loss," said Lee McManis, spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi. " We are in contact with her family and are providing all appropriate consular assistance. Out of respect for the privacy of those affected, we decline further comment." Florida man kills wife and son with crossbow, then slits throat . Did newlywed blindfold husband before pushing him off cliff?
highlights: The marriage soon soured . Report: Sharma accused Willinger of "talking to other men" He died in a house explosion that he caused .
id: 8d8793a1341c0c84ecaff0fa8f6ba6324d2290e6
chatgpt: A marriage that once seemed to be full of promise turned to tragedy in a matter of months. According to a recent report, Sunita Sharma and her husband, Brian Willinger, were dealing with serious problems in their relationship. Sharma accused Willinger of "talking to other men", which evidently created a wide rift between the couple. Unfortunately, matters would only get worse from there. Tragically, Willinger would ultimately perish in a house explosion. Though the exact circumstances surrounding his death are still unclear, it is believed that he was responsible for causing the deadly blast. The incident sent shockwaves throughout the community, with grief-stricken neighbors and loved ones paying their respects to the deceased on social media. The loss has been especially difficult for Sharma, who had hoped that she and Willinger could work through their differences. The two had initially met through mutual friends and had seemed to hit it off quickly. They were married within a year of meeting and began building a life together in a quiet suburban neighborhood. But as time went on, the marriage began to unravel. Friends and family members have reported that Sharma and Willinger frequently argued and that their disagreements only grew more intense as time went on. Many have expressed their sadness over the fact that the couple never sought professional help. Despite the problems that plagued their relationship, nobody could have predicted the tragic end to Willinger's life. While the investigation into the cause of the deadly house explosion continues, the community is left struggling to make sense of the senseless tragedy. Those who knew Willinger have taken to social media to share their memories of him, describing him as a loving, outgoing person who had a zest for life. It is still unclear what the future holds for Sharma, who must now grieve the loss of her husband amid the complicated emotions of a marriage that never quite panned out. For the moment, those who knew the couple are left with a sense of sadness and a sobering reminder of just how quickly things can change.