article: If you're keen to snap up the bargains for Christmas, then New York is the place you should be shopping. One company has worked out that tourists flying to the Big Apple for shopping trips on Black Friday can actually save money - despite having to pay out for transatlantic flights. Bargains on Friday November 28 - the day after Thanksgiving - are said to be so goo that British travellers can enjoy savings, even once they've taken out the cost of their flights. Scroll down for video . A return flight from the UK to New York, US, could be paid for by money saved on a Christmas list . UK shoppers can swap their usual haunts for a trip to New York City this festive season - and save money . Black Friday will bring hustle and bustle to the Big Apple - and UK travellers would do well to get involved . From Ray Ban sunglasses to the new iPad Air 2, travellers could save up to £400 on just nine wishlist items found stateside, meaning the savings could pay for the flight. 'For travellers keen to cash in on great savings, a pre-Christmas trip to the Big Apple could be just the ticket,' said Koko Sarkari, COO of International Currency Exchange (ICE), who carried out the research. 'Alternatively, California and Florida could still offer some sunshine, as well as seasonal shopping opportunities. With Black Friday discounts on American brands such as Apple, Michael Kors, Converse and Guess Jeans, UK shoppers will be in a strong position to bag a bargain. 'Die-hard shoppers should look out for stores opening on 'grey Thursday', which is Thanksgiving evening, as there will be some early discounts and you may even beat the queues.' Buying Guess jeans out in New York could save you up to £40 on UK price . Buying an Apple iPad Air 2 in New York could save the UK tourist £76.75 this season . The best offer out there at the time of writing from the UK to New York is courtesy of Kuwait Airways. They will fly out and return between now and December 15 from £344 from Heathrow to John F Kennedy Airport (JFK), via Brussels. For those who might fancy a direct trip to the Big Apple, a flight out of London Heathrow to New York is retailing at £381 per person return, bookable by phonecall to Globehunters. A flight out of Gatwick Airport to John F Kennedy (JFK) Airport on December 5, changing at Madrid, returning on December 12 will cost £396 return. And for those north of London, going out of Manchester Airport on December 5 to New York, returning on December 12, again through Globetrotters, will cost £394pp. Flight Centre are also offering great value airfares to JFK. Prices are available from £395 per person for return flights with British Airways from London Heathrow. Valid for travel between December 2-11. they have to be booked by November 18.
highlights: A Christmas list of 9 must-have items saves UK shoppers £396.35 . Return flight from UK to New York on sale for as little as £344 . Apple iPad Air 2 £76.275 cheaper in Big Apple than UK on average . Black Friday price crash falls on November 28 for UK and US .
id: c30ba21dbf7644e5f52d89d1a93fd44d2c04ca8d
chatgpt: Christmas can be an expensive time of year, with many people feeling the pressure to buy numerous gifts and decorations. However, a recent survey shows that shoppers in the UK can save a significant amount of money by taking advantage of some great deals. The survey reveals a Christmas list of 9 must-have items, which includes everything from clothing to technology, offering a total saving of £396.35. This is great news for shoppers who want to make the most of their budget this Christmas. One of the standout deals on the list is a return flight from the UK to New York for as little as £344. This is a fantastic opportunity for anyone who wants to experience the hustle and bustle of the Big Apple during the festive season. While in New York, shoppers can also take advantage of the cheaper prices on offer for technology products. For example, an Apple iPad Air 2 is, on average, £76.275 cheaper in New York than it is in the UK. This highlights the importance of doing proper research before making any big purchases. However, shoppers in the UK should not be disheartened. There are still plenty of great deals to be found closer to home, especially during the Black Friday sales. This year, the price crash falls on November 28, offering customers the chance to snap up some incredible bargains. The Black Friday sales are not just restricted to the UK. In fact, our American counterparts have been enjoying this shopping frenzy for years. They too, will be taking advantage of the many deals on offer on this side of the Atlantic. It's not just technology products that will be on sale. Clothing retailers will also be slashing prices, giving shoppers the chance to pick up some great bargains for themselves and their loved ones. In conclusion, the festive season can be a stressful time financially, but with a little bit of research and the right deals, UK shoppers can save themselves a significant amount of money. From cheap flights to cheaper technology, there are plenty of opportunities to keep costs down. The Black Friday sales are also the perfect opportunity to bag a bargain, whether you're looking for clothes, electronics or anything in between. Remember, it's never too early to start your Christmas shopping. So, start making your list and checking it twice - you might be surprised at the amount of money you can save by securing the right deals.