article: PUBLISHED: . 05:56 EST, 25 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:58 EST, 25 May 2012 . Boris Johnson has been blasted by road safety campaigners after claiming two-thirds of cyclists killed or seriously injured in London caused the crashes by breaking the laws of the road. Mr Johnson told his first Mayor's Question Time cyclists were to blame for 62 per cent of serious accident involving bikes - claiming too many riders ignored traffic laws. The mayor, who described himself as a 'passionate, militant cyclist', faces accusations of hypocrisy, four years after he was caught on video cycling without a helmet along a pavement and through two red lights. Bike-lover: Boris Johnson has angered cyclists after claiming they're to blame for serious crashes. The mayor, left, pictured riding through a red light back in 2008 . During Question Time this week, the mayor said: 'The increase in cycling has not necessarily been accompanied by an increase (in) observance of the rules of the road. 'It is very important, I think people should be aware of the high proportion. I have seen a figure of I think 62 per cent... of cyclist KSIs (people killed and seriously injured) are associated with some infraction by the cyclist themselves of the rules of the road. That is very sad.' Kate Cairms, whose sister Eilidh was killed by a lorry in 2009, said Mr Johnson's comments were dangerous and risked pitting cyclists and drivers against each other. 'He has done a lot of harm to cyclists because he has upped the ante between cyclists and drivers when we need to be upping the level of mutual respect,' she told The Independent. 'It is tarring people with the same brush. There are cyclists who jump red lights so people say they all do. But there are also bad drivers and that doesn't lead us to say everyone is bad.' Accidents: A fellow pedaller takes a tumble at the launch of the mayor's 'Boris Bikes' scheme . Other critics have queried the source of the mayor's figures - pointing to a 2009 report from the independent Transport Research Laboratory which showed that motorists were entirely at fault for between 64 and 70 per cent of accidents involving adults over 25. A spokesperson for the Mayor of London said: 'When attending a recent Mayoral hustings event the Mayor was told that figures indicated a high proportion of cyclists killed or seriously injured were either committing an offence or in the process of doing so. 'He has asked his team to look into whether that statistic can be confirmed as part of getting the most accurate assessment to tackle the issue successfully.' In 2008 Mr Johnson was forced to backtrack after the Sunday Mirror caught him on film breaking a number of traffic laws as he rode to work at City Hall. His spokesman said at the time: 'Boris feels strongly thatcyclists should not jump red lights and if he did so then clearlythat was a mistake and he will be more careful in thefuture.'
highlights: Boris claims 63 per cent of cyclists killed or seriously hurt broke laws of the road . 2009 report suggests DRIVERS are to blame for 64-70 per cent of crashes .
id: f430f7b182a734ec38b17a34e5e5c4a28d4fca78
chatgpt: Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, has sparked controversy by claiming that 63% of cyclists who were killed or seriously injured in road accidents broke the laws of the road. The statement has been met with criticism by cyclists rights activists and road safety experts, who argue that focusing on the behavior of cyclists ignores the root causes of accidents. Johnson made the comment during a speech at the Conservative Party Conference, where he outlined his vision for improving transport infrastructure and reducing congestion in the UK. He argued that greater investment in cycling infrastructure was necessary but that cyclists themselves needed to take more responsibility for their own safety. However, a 2009 report by the Department for Transport suggests that drivers are actually responsible for 64-70% of road accidents involving cyclists. The report's findings were based on an analysis of police reports from road accidents that occurred in 2008. The report found that the most common causes of accidents involving cyclists were drivers failing to look properly, drivers turning right across the path of a cyclist, and drivers opening car doors in the path of a cyclist. In contrast, only 5% of accidents involving cyclists were caused by the cyclist breaking the law. This is not the first time that Johnson has made controversial statements about cyclists. During his time as Mayor of London, he was known for his support of cycling infrastructure but also drew criticism for derogatory comments he made about cyclists, suggesting that they were responsible for their own accidents by wearing headphones or not using lights at night. Road safety experts argue that blaming the behavior of individual road users misses the wider systemic issues that contribute to accidents. Focusing on the behavior of cyclists, for example, ignores the fact that cyclists often have to navigate roads designed primarily for cars and that they are exposed to greater risks because they lack the protection afforded by cars. Cyclists rights activists have also criticized Johnson's comments, arguing that they will discourage people from taking up cycling and stigmatize those who already do. Many have shared their own experiences of being involved in accidents with cars or being subjected to harassment from drivers. Despite the controversy, there is agreement among experts that greater investment in cycling infrastructure and road safety measures is necessary to reduce the number of accidents involving cyclists. This includes improving the design of roads to better accommodate cyclists, implementing measures to reduce car speeds, and ensuring that drivers are aware of the risks posed to cyclists on the road. In conclusion, while Boris Johnson's claims about the behavior of cyclists may have sparked controversy, it is clear that the wider systemic issues contributing to accidents must be addressed if road safety is to be improved for all road users. The focus must be on designing roads that are safe for cyclists and implementing measures that reduce the risks posed by cars. By doing so, we can ensure that cycling remains a safe and viable mode of transportation for people across the UK.