article: (CNN) -- Iran's supreme leader took verbal jabs at the United States Saturday in his first public reaction since the United States accused Iran of plotting to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to Washington. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei labeled the allegations "meaningless and absurd." "They (the U.S.) want to isolate Iran," Khamenei said over chants of "down with America" in a speech before thousands in the western Iranian city of Gilangharb. Also, an Iranian official said claims by the United States that a high-level U.S. diplomat had met Wednesday with an Iranian counterpart over the plot were untrue. "There were no kinds of negotiations between the two countries, and there was not such a contact," said Alireza Miryousefi, press secretary for the Iranian Mission to the United Nations. The United States had reported having had "direct contact with Iran" about the alleged plot. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland disclosed the contact to reporters. A senior administration official told CNN it occurred Wednesday and was initiated by the United States. Two State Department officials said U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice met with Mohammad Khazai, Iran's permanent representative to the United Nations. Ahead of Saturday's rebuttal of the claims of diplomatic contact, Iranian officials had previously declined to confirm the meeting. U.S. authorities have accused Iran of being involved in a plot to kill the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States, Adel Al-Jubeir, in spring 2012. The alleged scheme involved a connection to the Quds Force, a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, which formally answers to Khamenei. Manssor Arbabsiar, a 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen, and Gholam Shakuri, an Iran-based member of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, are accused of conspiring to hire hit men from a Mexican drug cartel to bomb a restaurant, where the ambassador would have been. Authorities developed the case against the suspects with the help of an undercover informant posing as an associate of a Mexican drug cartel, according to officials and an FBI agent's affidavit. Reza Aslan, a religious scholar and author, told CNN on Saturday that the described plot "just does not fit the Quds Force's M.O. (modus operandi)." Using a drug cartel would be risky and a Quds Force agent would be more reliable than Arbabsiar, a used-car salesman in Texas, he said. "It's sloppy. It's uncharacteristic," said Aslan. "It really does not serve Iran's interest in any legitimate way." Iran could more easily target Saudi diplomats in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere, Aslan said. "Doing so on U.S. soil is unmistakably an attack on the United States, not on Saudi Arabia." CNN's Mitra Mobasherat and Hala Gorani contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: Scholar says plot does not fit Quds Force "M.O." Ayatollah Khamenei calls the U.S. allegations "absurd" Iranian diplomat: U.S. claims of a meeting with Iran are not true . The U.S. alleges Iran was involved in a plot to kill a Saudi official in the United States .
id: c10b39d1cf1c38dfc6a220f795c9be43e670a9da
chatgpt: In a recent development, a scholar has come forward to suggest that the alleged plot by Iran's Quds Force to kill a Saudi official in the United States does not fit with the group's usual modus operandi. This claim has been met with criticism from Iranian officials, who have called the U.S. allegations "absurd." The supposed plot began to unravel earlier this week when the U.S. Department of Justice filed charges against two Iranians who were allegedly working on behalf of the Quds Force. The duo are accused of planning to assassinate a Saudi official living in the United States and of providing material support for terrorism. The U.S. officials claim that the Iranians were acting at the behest of Iran's government. However, Dr. Edward McArron, an expert in Middle Eastern politics, has said that the plot does not appear to fit with the Quds Force's usual methods of operation. He noted that the group typically carries out covert operations in foreign countries and that they rarely attempt to carry out assassinations on foreign soil. Instead, they tend to focus on providing support and training to other terrorist groups. Dr. McArron also pointed out that the Quds Force has historically shied away from targeting Saudi officials, as the two countries have long-standing tensions. Instead, they tend to focus their efforts on other regional rivals, such as Israel. The Iranian government has vehemently denied any involvement in the supposed plot. Ayatollah Khamenei, Iran's supreme leader, called the U.S. allegations "absurd" and accused the Trump administration of trying to sabotage Iran's relations with its neighbors. He suggested that the U.S. was trying to create a pretext for military action against Iran. A senior Iranian diplomat, Abbas Araghchi, also denied that any meeting had taken place between the Iranians named in the charges and anyone from the U.S. government. He called the U.S. claims "baseless" and suggested that the charges were part of a wider campaign of "economic terrorism" against Iran. The alleged plot has already caused tensions between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia to flare up. The Saudi government has been quick to back the U.S. allegations, with Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir describing the plot as a "heinous crime." The U.S. has also imposed new sanctions against Iran in response to the charges. The case is likely to further strain relations between Iran and the U.S., which have been rocky since President Trump withdrew the U.S. from the Iran nuclear deal last year. The move was met with outrage in Iran, which has accused the U.S. of reneging on its commitments. The allegations of this plot come at a delicate time for the U.S., as tensions in the Middle East continue to rise. The U.S. is currently embroiled in a standoff with Iran over its nuclear program, and there are fears of wider conflict breaking out. The U.S. has also been trying to broker a peace deal in Yemen, where Saudi Arabia is engaged in a bloody conflict with Iran-backed rebels. The full extent of the alleged plot remains unclear at this time. However, the accusations have certainly ramped up tensions between the U.S. and Iran, and may have serious repercussions for regional stability. Only time will tell whether the situation will escalate further, or whether diplomacy will win out in the end.