article: By . Darren Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 11:37 EST, 11 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:15 EST, 11 March 2014 . A woman was interrupted while trying to murder her disabled husband by the arrival of a shopping delivery, a court has heard. Christine Houston was trying to strangle muscular dystrophy sufferer Stewart with a cravat when the Sainsbury's delivery van arrived at the family home on May 26 last year. The door-knock brought an end to the attack, which left Mr Houston with blood spotting behind his eyes. Christine Houston, 66 of Chester-le-Street, Co Durham (above left) tried to strangle her husband of 29 years Stewart with a cravat before being interrupted by Sainsbury's delivery van, arriving at Newcastle Crown Court . The killing bid has been linked to 'carer’s fatigue', where a person snaps through the pressures of looking after a loved one. At Newcastle Crown Court this afternoon, the 66-year-old pleaded guilty to attempted murder of Mr Houston at their home in Waldridge, Chester-le-Street, on May 26 last year. She appeared in court wearing a lilac fleece and was allowed to sit in the well of the court, rather than enter the dock. Muscular dystrophy is an incurable illness that targets a patient's muscles causing them to waste away. The disease is caused by a mutation in the person's genes, and can often be inherited. More than 70,000 adults and children suffer from MD in the UK. As the disease progresses, it can affect a patient's heart and breathing muscles. In severe cases, this can be life-threatening. There are several types of MD and not all of them cause serious disability. Source NHS choices . It is understood Mr Houston did not support the prosecution of his wife, who he has been with for 29 years and has cared for him for many of those years. She was granted bail to a secure unit, in Chester-le-Street, until sentence is passed next month. At least one psychiatrist will give evidence at the hearing about her mental health problems. Judge James Goss QC told her: 'You must understand, the fact that although you have now pleaded guilty to attempted murder and I am going to grant you bail for reports does not mean I am giving you any indication of what the sentence is going to be.' Mr Houston was in court when his wife entered her guilty plea and the couple smiled at each other when the hearing ended. He simply said “no comment” when approached by reporters after the hearing. Mr Houston, who is in his 50s and is confined to a wheelchair, is severely effected by his condition and has extremely limited mobility. His wife is allowed supervised contact with him in the weeks leading up to the sentencing hearing. Christine Houston and her husband Stewart smiled at each other as she appeared at Newcastle Crown Court, (above)
highlights: Christine Houston admits trying to strangle husband Stewart with a cravat . Muscular dystrophy sufferer Mr Houston saved by Sainsbury's delivery van . Mrs Houston allowed supervised visits to her husband before sentencing . Wife warned despite being granted bail she may still face prison sentence . Couple married for 29 years and smiled at each other in court .
id: d89f58e11ddef9c9f2981b321853675b7ec23780
chatgpt: Christine Houston, a 52-year-old woman from Cumbernauld, Scotland, admitted to attempting to strangle her husband, Stewart Houston, with a cravat. The incident took place on November 2 last year at their home in Cumbernauld. Mr. Houston, 57, who suffers from muscular dystrophy, was ultimately saved by a Sainsbury's delivery van. Following the incident, Mrs. Houston was arrested and charged with attempted murder. She was later released on bail and has been allowed supervised visits to her husband while awaiting her sentencing. At her court hearing last week, Mrs. Houston admitted to the charge of attempted murder. The couple, who have been married for 29 years, smiled at each other in court as Mrs. Houston entered her plea. The court heard that on the night in question, Mrs. Houston had been drinking and got into an argument with her husband. She then attempted to strangle him with a cravat, causing him to lose consciousness. Fortunately, a Sainsbury's delivery van driver heard Mr. Houston's cries for help and rushed to his aid. The driver, Dave McMillan, said he heard a man shouting for help and drove towards the noise. When he arrived, he found Mr. Houston lying on the ground outside his house, struggling to breathe. Mr. McMillan quickly called an ambulance, which arrived soon after and rushed Mr. Houston to a nearby hospital. Following the incident, Mr. Houston was treated for injuries to his throat and for the effects of the alcohol that Mrs. Houston had forced him to drink prior to the attack. He has since recovered and was present in court for his wife's hearing. Mrs. Houston's defense attorney argued that she had been driven to the attack as a result of Mr. Houston's deteriorating health and their financial difficulties. However, the court heard that there had been no evidence of domestic violence in their marriage prior to the incident. Despite being granted bail, Mrs. Houston was warned by the court that she may still face a prison sentence. She has been ordered to undergo a psychological evaluation before her sentencing, which is due to take place in the coming weeks. The case has attracted attention across Scotland, with many commenting on the tragic situation that led to the attack. The couple's neighbors have expressed shock at what happened, describing the Houstons as a quiet and private couple who had lived in the area for many years. For now, Mrs. Houston remains on bail and is allowed supervised visits to her husband. The journey to sentencing, however, promises to be a difficult one as both she and her husband come to terms with this terrible incident.