article: (CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday that he and Afghan President Hamid Karzai resolved "the major issues" of an agreement to keep some U.S. military forces in Aghanistan after 2014. But a potential deal-breaker, legal immunity for U.S. troops, was referred to a council of elders. The immunity issue caused the abrupt pullout of U.S. troops from Iraq at the end of 2011. ISAF member killed in Afghanistan . Without an agreement, U.S. troops would leave Afghanistan with all NATO forces at the end of 2014. The NATO mission now has about 100,000 troops in Afghanistan, about half from the United States. American and Afghan diplomats have worked for a year on a new agreement which would allow roughly 10,000 American troops to remain. Karzai said he did not have the authority to negotiate immunity for foreign troops. "We will leave this to the representatives of Afghanistan who will come to the Loya Jirga, and then take it to the Afghan Parliament, and the Afghan people can decide on this," he said through an interpreter at a joint press conference in Kabul. After Karzai recited a list of complaints about American operations in the country, Kerry struck a positive tone. "We have resolved in these last 24 hours the major issues the president went through," he said, adding the United States would "respect completely" the need for the agreement to be approved by the Loya Jirga council of elders next month and then the Afghan Parliament. Karzai complained that the United States' security guarantees have fallen short of protecting his country from attacks short of invasion -- a reference to possible threats from Pakistan. But he sounded satisfied with assurances that American troops would limit their operations inside his country. "The U.S. has agreed to stop all unilateral operations in Afghanistan," Karzai said. He added later, "And under no circumstances foreign forces go and search the homes of Afghans." CNN's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report.
highlights: Agreement would keep some U.S. forces in Afghanistan after 2014 NATO pullout . Immunity for American troops killed similar negotiations with Iraq . Kerry: U.S. respects Afghan process of submitting deal to Loya Jirga council and Parliament . Karzai says he has U.S. promise to stop unilateral military operations and searches of homes .
id: 4bcfabd4b0f59ae2c66774ef77721a936513ce29
chatgpt: After the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) pulls out of Afghanistan at the end of 2014, it looks like the United States will keep some of its troops in the country, according to recent negotiations. However, the agreement between the U.S. and Afghanistan has been hampered by concerns over immunity for American troops. Similar negotiations with Iraq fell through over those concerns, and Afghanistan is apprehensive about giving too much leeway to Americans. Secretary of State John Kerry has indicated that the U.S. will respect Afghanistan’s process of submitting the proposed deal to the Loya Jirga council and Parliament. The proposed agreement reportedly covers issues such as security, defense, development, and economic cooperation. Meanwhile, President Hamid Karzai has said that he has a U.S. promise to stop using unilateral military operations and searches of homes. This is a response to the mounting frustration and anger among Afghans over the deaths of civilians in U.S. operations. The issue of American troops remaining in Afghanistan long after NATO leaves has been a contentious one. Some Afghans worry about how their country will fare without the support of foreign troops. Others, however, believe that the presence of the U.S. has been a bane rather than a boon, leading to increased violence and instability. Still, it remains to be seen how the proposed agreement will pan out. Immunity has been a sticky point, and the U.S. has been adamant about providing such protection to its troops. Afghanistan, however, is wary of giving too much power to Americans. Overall, there seems to be some progress in the negotiations between the U.S. and Afghanistan; however, the final agreement will likely be a long time in coming. The issues are complex, bound up in legal, political, and cultural considerations. But both sides realize that the stakes are high, not just for Afghanistan and the U.S., but for the wider region as well.