article: By . Tara Brady . Paul Parkinson suffered a heart attack and died just days before the murder trial of his daughter Jayden . The father of a murdered girl whose body was found buried in someone else's grave in a cemetery has collapsed and died just days before the start of her alleged killer's trial. Relatives said it was believed the stress of the murder and the forthcoming Crown Court case had led to 48-year-old Paul Parkinson suffering a fatal heart attack. He was the estranged father of Jayden Parkinson who disappeared last December. A massive police murder hunt culminated in the 17-year-old's body being found in a disturbed grave in a cemetery near her home in Didcot, Oxfordshire. A post mortem examination on her body showed that she had been strangled. On Friday, Jayden's former boyfriend, 22-year-old Ben Blakeley stands trial before a judge and jury, accused of murdering her. A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is also to face trial accused of perverting the course of justice. Mr Parkinson, who lived in Nelson, near Manchester, had travelled south for the start of the trial at Oxford Crown Court when he suddenly collapsed and died. His brother Glen, Jayden's uncle, said he believed the stress of the trial contributed to his death. He was staying in Folkstone, Kent and was due to travel up to Oxford for the start of Blakeley's trial next Friday. A post mortem examination was expected to be carried out on his body to establish the exact cause of his death. Scroll down for video . Paul Parkinson, the father of murdered schoolgirl Jayden Parkinson (pictured) has died just days before the start of her alleged killer's trial at Oxford Crown Court . The 17-year-old's body was found in a disturbed grave in a cemetery near her home in Didcot, Oxfordshire . Mr Parkinson had separated from Jayden's mother, Samantha Shrewsbury. He had travelled to Folkstone and was staying with relatives in the house where Jayden was born when he died suddenly on Thursday afternoon. Ben Blakeley, from Reading, Berkshire, has already entered a guilty plea to the manslaughter of Jayden but denies her murder. He has also admitted perverting the course of justice. The Crown Prosecution Service did not accept his plea and a full-scale jury trial is to be held. The jury is to be told he has already admitted manslaughter. Following the plea hearing in March, Mr Parkinson wrote on Facebook: 'Can I just say thank you to all of you for your surport (sic). Just got to wait till June now for the outcome.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Paul Parkinson, 48, suffered a fatal heart attack . He was the father of Jayden Parkinson who went missing last December . The 17-year-old's body was found in a disturbed grave in Oxfordshire . Ex-boyfriend Ben Blakeley, 22, will appear at Oxford Crown Court this Friday .
id: 109f5bd6bdc0707e42e75e816f91b93ee195af80
chatgpt: A tragic ending befell the Parkinson family once again when 48-year-old Paul Parkinson suffered a fatal heart attack on Tuesday. Paul was the father of Jayden Parkinson, who went missing last December. Her body was found a few days later, buried in a disturbed grave in Oxfordshire.  Jayden's ex-boyfriend, Ben Blakeley is accused of her murder and is set to appear at Oxford Crown Court this Friday. Blakeley, who is now 22 years old, was Jayden's ex-partner at the time of her death.  Paul was left devastated after the loss of his daughter and his condition had reportedly worsened since then. He had been receiving treatment for his heart condition before his sudden and unfortunate demise.  The community has rallied behind the family in support, with many taking to social media to offer condolences and express their shock at the tragic news. Jon Brain, a family friend, spoke to reporters and said, "This is a tragic case. Paul and his family had been through so much in the past few years. Our hearts go out to them." The trial of Ben Blakeley had been delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but it has now been scheduled to take place this Friday in Oxford Crown Court. The proceedings are expected to last for several weeks as the prosecution and defense teams present their cases. Blakeley is the prime suspect in the murder of Jayden Parkinson, whose body was found in a disturbed grave in Oxfordshire last year. He was arrested shortly after her disappearance and has remained in custody ever since.  The case had gripped the community, with many rallying behind the search for Jayden's whereabouts. Her body was eventually discovered in a field near Didcot in a disturbed grave that was concealed by a large branch. Paul Parkinson always maintained his belief in Ben Blakeley's involvement in his daughter's death and had urged the police to leave no stone unturned in their investigations. It remains to be seen what further revelations will come to light during the trial. For the Parkinson family, however, the trial and eventual conviction of Ben Blakeley may not bring closure or the peace they seek, but they remain determined to see justice served for their beloved Jayden.