article: Film star Sean Connery is urging fellow Scots to vote for independence when a referendum is held in September. The longtime independence advocate says in The Sun on Sunday newspaper that the opportunity to separate from the rest of Britain is too good an opportunity to miss. The 83-year-old says independence would galvanise the film and creative industries, creating new jobs in Scotland. Sean Connery at his luxury home in Marbella, Spain. He has urged Scots to vote for independence . Connery, who found fame as super spy James Bond, is a keen SNP supporter . Connery, who was born in Edinburgh but no longer lives in Scotland, said the decision should be made by the people who choose to live and work there. He said a vote for independence would bring renewed focus on Scottish culture, heritage and creative excellence. His view is not shared by rock star David Bowie, who has urged Scottish voters to remain part of the United Kingdom at the Brit Awards. Prime Minister David Cameron revealed that he ‘let out a cry of joy’ when the music legend used his acceptance speech at the Brit Awards last week to urge: ‘Scotland, stay with us.’ Actor Sean Connery and leader of the Scottish National Party, Alex Salmond, in Times Square, New York . David Bowie has urged the Scottish people to remain in the United Kingdom . Bowie did not . attend the awards, but his message was read by supermodel Kate Moss when . she collected his award for best male artist. In the past Connery, who now lives in the Bahamas and also has a home in Marbella, Spain, hinted he may return to his home country, which he left in the 1950s, after previously saying he would only consider moving back if there was an end to the Union. The actor has praised Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond and the work of the SNP government since it came into power in May 2007. He wrote: 'I've always been hopeful about Scotland's prospects. And I now believe more than ever that Scotland is within touching distance of achieving independence and equality.' He adds that the first step towards this was winning Scotland's parliament in 1997. The second, the actor says, was electing an SNP Government last year. He added: 'I believe we have what it takes to take the third step, and I am convinced it will happen in my lifetime.' In 1997, Sir Sean claimed he rejected a knighthood from Labour because of his support for the SNP. In what was decribed as a 'spectacular U-turn', he became Sir Sean in the 2000 New Year's Honours List.
highlights: The Edinburgh-born actor is a long-term supporter of independence . 83-year-old Hollywood legend says split will create jobs . Connery has hinted he would return to an independent Scotland .
id: 655efae1329db503f364bb7a26549df426874351
chatgpt: Hollywood legend Sir Sean Connery has once again spoken out in favor of Scottish independence, saying that it will create jobs and opportunities for the people of Scotland. The 83-year-old actor, who was born in Edinburgh, has been a long-time supporter of Scottish independence and has previously hinted that he would return to Scotland if it becomes an independent country. Speaking to reporters during a recent appearance at the Edinburgh International Book Festival, Connery said that he believed independence would unleash Scotland's true potential. "I have always believed in the right of the Scottish people to determine their own future," he said. "And I think that an independent Scotland will create new jobs, attract new businesses, and give our young people the chance to build their own futures." Connery, who was knighted in 2000 for his services to the arts, has been an outspoken critic of the British government's policies towards Scotland. He has accused successive administrations of neglecting Scotland's interests and failing to give the country the resources it needs to prosper. In particular, Connery has been critical of the UK government's handling of the oil and gas resources in the North Sea, which he believes should be used to benefit the people of Scotland rather than being sold off to international corporations. "The North Sea oil wealth belongs to the people of Scotland, and it should be used to create jobs and build a better future for our country," he said. Despite his advanced age, Connery remains a respected and influential figure in the world of entertainment and politics. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest actors of his generation, having starred in countless critically acclaimed films, including six James Bond movies. His endorsement of Scottish independence is likely to be seen as a significant boost to the independence campaign, which has been gathering momentum in recent years. A recent poll showed that support for independence had risen to 48%, the highest level in over a decade. Connery has previously hinted that he would consider returning to Scotland if the country becomes independent. In a 2014 interview, he said that he had grown tired of living in tax exile in the Bahamas and would reconsider his position if Scotland were to become independent. The Scottish government has welcomed Connery's support for independence. First Minister Alex Salmond said that Connery was a "true patriot" and a "great ambassador" for Scotland. "Sean Connery is one of our greatest Scots and one of our greatest advocates for independence," he said. "His voice, along with the voices of millions of Scots who believe in our country's future, will help us to build a better Scotland for all of our people." As Scotland prepares for a historic vote on independence in September, the eyes of the world will be on the country to see what the future holds. With support for independence on the rise and influential figures like Sean Connery speaking out in favor of a split from the UK, it is clear that the debate over Scotland's future is far from over.