article: (CNN) -- Archeologists in the historic city of Luxor, Egypt have unveiled two massive ancient statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III to the public. The newly restored quartzite statues, one of which is more than 11 meters high and weighs 250 tonnes, can be found at the funerary temple of Amenhotep III. They join a pair of already famous giants at the temple known as the Colossi of Memnon -- two 16-meter-high images of King Amenhotep III seated on his throne, also made of quartzite. The unveiling was presided over by German archaeologist Hourig Sourouzian, who heads the temple of Amenhotep III conservation project. The two new statues, discovered during excavations at the site, were originally in pieces before being restored and raised to their current standing position at the temple. According to the World Monument Fund (WMF), the temple of Amenhotep III was erected between 1390 and 1353 B.C. for the pharaoh. It was 100 meters wide and 600 meters long, but only the lower sections of the structure remain. The Colossi of Memnon, which mark the entrance of the temple of Amenhotep III, are the most visible remains of what was once the most richly ornamented of all Theban monuments, says the WMF. "The temple structure was originally destroyed by earthquakes, and, since it was never fully excavated, the site was overgrown with vegetation and threatened by seasonal floods and agricultural development," says the organization. "These problems were compounded by an increase in surface salts from rising groundwater, a by-product of the construction of the Aswan High Dam in the 1960s." Luxor, 635 kilometers from Cairo, is divided by the Nile into two areas commonly referred to as the East and West Bank -- the latter home to some of Egypt's most prized ancient temples and monuments. The unveiling comes at a time when Egypt's tourism sector is fighting to pull itself out of a slump due to political instability that's lingered since the ousting of Hosni Mubarak in 2011. According to the Daily News Egypt, Tourism Minister Hisham Zaazou said on Saturday that the tourism sector is completely collapsed, adding that great changes are needed to improve conditions. Egypt dig unearths 3,600-year-old mummy . Pharaoh's tomb sheds light on shadowy Egyptian dynasty . Tomb of ancient Egypt's beer maker to the gods of the dead disocvered . Mystery surrounds Egyptian sphinx unearthed in Israel .
highlights: Two massive ancient statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III unveiled in Luxor, Egypt . Statues, discovered in February, join two other giants nearby, the Colossi of Memnon . Egypt's tourism sector continues to feel effects of political instability .
id: 137727608b0123d8024d5fa7480da4da8f69203f
chatgpt: Luxor, Egypt – Two massive statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III have been unveiled in the city of Luxor, Egypt. The statues were discovered in February and add to the already existing pair of giant Colossi of Memnon statues nearby. At 12 meters tall and depicting Amenhotep III seated and flanked by the ancient gods Horus and Ra-Horakhty, these statues have been long-awaited by the archeological world. "These statues represent a significant part of Egypt's history and culture," said Khaled al-Anani, the Egyptian Antiquities Minister. The new statues, like the Colossi of Memnon, are made of quartzite and were originally placed in front of the massive temple of Amenhotep III, which has since been lost to the sands of time. The Colossi of Memnon were famously described by the Greek traveler Strabo as "the most magnificent of all sights." The unveiling of these statues comes at a crucial time for Egypt's tourism sector, which has been struggling due to political instability in the region. But these ancient artifacts have the potential to attract more tourists, as they represent an opportunity to explore the rich history of ancient Egypt. In response to this, the government has also invested heavily in promoting tourism and creating more opportunities for outside visitors. The recent discovery of a number of tombs, temples and other ancient artifacts has only added to the country's appeal. "We look forward to continuing to showcase these amazing pieces of our history to the world," said al-Anani. "Our hope is that they will inspire others to come and experience everything that Egypt has to offer." The global response to these statues has been overwhelmingly positive, with Egypt's rich history and culture once again being recognized on a global scale. According to reports, tourists from all over the world have already begun to flock to Luxor to see the new statues. While there is still much work to be done in terms of restoring Egypt's tourism industry, these statues have the potential to be a game-changer. They offer a glimpse into the past, one that is increasingly relevant to the present as people look to explore ancient cultures and histories. As Egypt continues to invest in its tourism sector and promote these ancient artifacts to the world, we can expect to see more and more tourists coming to visit this once-great civilization. The unveiling of the Pharaoh Amenhotep III statues is just the beginning of a new era of discovery for Egypt.