article: Devecser, Hungary (CNN) -- The aluminum plant at the heart of the deadly toxic red sludge spill in Hungary will resume production at the end of the week, government officials said Wednesday. And the chief executive of the plant, who was arrested on Monday, has been released pending trial, his lawyer Janos Banati said. Zoltan Bakonyi, the chief executive of the MAL aluminum plant, was detained Monday, accused of public endangerment and harming the environment, authorities said. The announcement came on the same day officials said a ninth person had died from the toxic spill. The European Union said Wednesday the rescue phase of the operation has concluded. The main priority is now is cleaning up, said Laurent de Pierrefeu, an EU official on the ground at the scene of the spill. The red sludge leaked from a reservoir at the plant in Hungary and streamed through villages and into the Danube, Europe's second largest river. The plant will be guarded by police and will be monitored by the government, the country's disaster relief commissioner said at a news conference Wednesday. Workers in Hungary have been racing to build three emergency dams to stem an expected second toxic spill from the plant. Some 500,000 cubic meters of toxic red sludge is in the plant's reservoir, whose wall shows signs of ruptures and cracks, said Gyorgi Tottos, a spokeswoman with Hungary's emergency services department. Officials say it's only a matter of time before the wall breaks and spews the sludge across the landscape, she said. The amount of sludge that remains in the reservoir is about half the amount that spilled out more than week ago, inundating three villages and leaving the landscape covered in red. Crews were also trying to remove a layer of liquid from the top of the sludge in the reservoir in order to make the mud less mobile if the wall breaks. The aluminum company said in a statement Saturday it was doing its utmost "to avoid further damages and to reinforce the injured deposit." The company said it has performed extensive maintenance work and renovations in the past decade and had followed safety regulations. It has also established a relief fund for victims of the spill and was attempting to help in finding accommodations for residents who were evacuated. About 800 people had to leave the village of Kolontar, downstream from the reservoir, and hundreds of soldiers were ready to rescue inhabitants of a nearby village if the wall collapses. CNN's Tommy Evans and James Partington contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The head of the plant, who was arrested Monday, is released pending trial . Nine people have been killed by the toxic spill . Red sludge flows from the plant into villages and the Danube River .
id: fbd5009f78739ab3c9661903e4c4c7ceb95ed862
chatgpt: After the tragic incident that occurred in a Hungarian aluminum plant last Monday, the head of the plant who was arrested, has been released pending trial. The incident occurred when a huge amount of toxic waste material, known as the red sludge, flowed out of the plant into several nearby villages and even into the Danube River. The disaster has caused immense damage to the environment, with at least nine people dead and multiple others injured. The plant, located in the town of Ajka, has been under the spotlight for years due to its handling of toxic waste. The local authorities have frequently been alerted about the potential dangers that the plant poses to the environment and the community, but it seems that warning signs went unheeded. Many local residents have been affected by the toxic spill. The red sludge has destroyed homes, farmland, and contaminated water supplies. Emergency services have been deployed to the affected areas to deal with the aftermath of the disaster. There has been a concerted effort to contain the spill, but it seems to be a monumental task. The police have been investigating the incident and have made several arrests, including that of the head of the plant. However, he has now been released pending trial. This decision has sparked outrage among the local residents who have been demanding justice for the victims. The head of the plant is held responsible for the disaster, and his release from custody is seen as a failure of the justice system. Many people believe that the plant has been operating with complete disregard for public safety and that those responsible must be brought to justice. The Hungarian Prime Minister has visited the affected areas and has promised that all measures will be taken to deal with the crisis. He has also promised that the government will introduce new legislation to ensure that such an incident never happens again. The incident has attracted international attention, and the global community has been offering assistance to deal with the fallout. The European Union has released emergency funds to help with the cleanup, and several countries have offered technical assistance and aid. In conclusion, the spill of dangerous toxins from the Ajka aluminum plant in Hungary has caused widespread havoc in the surrounding areas, contaminating waterways and causing loss of life. The head of the plant has been arrested but has now been released, which has caused uproar among the local residents. The government has promised to take action and introduce new regulations to ensure that such an incident is not repeated.