article: A streaker standing naked on a highway central reservation in Kazakhstan got a bizarre comeuppance when an airgun-toting gang shot him in the backside. Oddball footage posted online records the drive-by shooting with an air rifle as the 27-year-old victim - later identified as Yuri Baiseitov - stands in the buff on a road's grass central reservation in Shymkent. And to add insult to his injury, police in the southern Kazakh city say that while they have no idea who the anonymous gunmen were, they will definitely be charging Baiseitov with indecent exposure. Scroll down for video . Ouch! Streaker Yuri Baiseitov clutches his bum cheek after he's shot with an air-rifle by louts in a passing car . Yowee! It is not known why Baiseitov was standing naked on the highway in Shymkent, Kazakhstan . Why, you! Baiseitov spins around to catch a glimpse of his assailants, who posted footage of the attack online . The video, taken from the assailants' car, shows the late-night scene where Baiseitov is standing naked in the middle of the road. After first spotting him, the car makes a U-turn to get a better shot at their target. The gunman says to the driver: 'He's driving me crazy. Turn right here. Wait, go on a little bit.' Then, as he opens fire at hapless, naked Baiseitov, the gunman launches into a vile tirade, screaming: 'Get the f*** out of here, f*** your mum. Get out of here quickly. Quicker f*** it you faggot.' Baiseitov's squeals of pain an be heard on the soundtrack as at least three shots hit him in the rear end and elsewhere on his body. Naked criminality: The police in Shymkent say Baiseitov may now be charged with indecent exposure . Police spokesman Volt Beralin said later: 'While is is against the law to discharge firearms in this way, he [Baiseitov] should not have been where he was doing what he was doing.' He added: 'We have not established the gunman's identity but we do know who they were shooting at and he may be charged with indecent exposure.'
highlights: Police say Yuri Baiseitov may be charged with indecent exposure . But they say they have no clues as to the identity of his attackers . Streaker was hit at least three times with an air rifle or similar weapon .
id: aec0e6171bdfa40f25cb1725ff91f4197c3f8002
chatgpt: A streaker at a recent football game in Kazakhstan has been hit multiple times with an air rifle, leaving police to investigate both the assault and the man's own indecent exposure. Yuri Baiseitov could face charges of indecent exposure in the wake of the incident. However, police have been left with no clues as to the identity of the assailants responsible for the attack. According to witnesses, the streaker was hit at least three times with a weapon believed to be an air rifle. The man was seen running onto the field in front of a crowd of thousands of stunned spectators. He proceeded to remove his clothing and run around the field, thrusting his hips in what some witnesses described as an obscene gesture. The sudden appearance of the streaker caused a stir at the stadium, with some individuals cheering on the man's audacity. However, others were quick to express disgust, and one or more assailants took it upon themselves to discipline the streaker with a pellet gun or similar weapon. Reports indicated that the streaker was visibly injured by the pellets, with some shots appearing to strike him in sensitive areas. He was ultimately escorted off the field by a team of security guards, who had to dodge thrown objects thrown by some angry spectators. Police arrived on the scene shortly after the incident, questioning witnesses and examining the site. However, they reported having no concrete leads in the case. In the aftermath of the football game, debate has sparked around the ethics of streaking and similar acts of public indecency. Some individuals have called for punishment of such acts, while others argue that streaking is merely harmless fun. It remains to be seen whether Mr. Baiseitov will be brought to trial for his actions, or whether police will be able to track down and prosecute his assailants. Nonetheless, the incident has created a stir in the public consciousness and is sure to serve as a focal point for ongoing dialogue around issues of public indecency in Kazakhstan and beyond.