article: (CNN) -- The South African government has recalled its ambassador to Rwanda as diplomatic fallout over a suspected assassination attempt in Johannesburg continues. "We have recalled the ambassador for consultations," said Saul Kgomotso Molobi, South Africa's chief director for public diplomacy. "But this does not translate into the cutting off of diplomatic ties." Relations between Kigali and Pretoria have been frosty since Gen. Faustin Kayumba Nyamwasa, a critic and rival to Rwandan President Paul Kagame, was shot and wounded in Johannesburg in June. Molobi said Ambassador Gladstone Dumisani Gwadiso was questioned by Rwandan authorities on South Africa's handling of the incident. The ambassador has been recalled to discuss those meetings, Molobi said. "There have been issues raised by the Rwandan government, some of which relate to the shooting of General Nyamwasa," Molobi said. "We will meet with our ambassador and then we will decide what course to take." Rwanda has been tense leading up to its general election planned for Monday. A leader of the opposition Democratic Green Party was found dead near Butare, Rwanda, in July, his head almost severed from his body. The president of the party, Frank Habineza, told CNN that Andre Rwisereka had been receiving death threats since early this year. "We are very threatened as a party and as individuals," he said. Journalist Jean-Leonard Rugambage was shot dead on June 24 outside his home in Kigali. Amnesty International said Rugambage had been investigating the Nyamwasa's shooting and on the day he died, the tabloid Umuvugizi published a story alleging that Rwandan intelligence officials were linked to Nyamwasa's shooting. Kagame has been praised for fostering growth and guiding his country to peace after the 1994 genocide there, but he has been criticized by human rights and press freedom groups for silencing dissent. The Rwandan government has repeatedly denied any involvement in the incidents in Rwanda and South Africa. Amnesty, a global human rights group, has condemned attacks on politicians and journalists, which it said has inhibited freedom of expression. Amnesty has urged the Rwandan government to ensure that polling is fair and free. "In recent months killings, arrests and the closure of newspapers and broadcasters has reinforced a climate of fear," said a statement from Amnesty's Africa Programme Deputy Director Tawanda Hondora. "The Rwandan government must ensure that investigations into the killings are thorough and reinstate closed media outlets." Agnes Nkusi Uwimana, the editor of the Urubayo newspaper, was arrested in July and charged with "genocide ideology," according to Amnesty. Other journalists have fled the country and as many as 30 media outlets have been banned, Amnesty said. "No country should be a silent witness to pre-electoral repression," Hondora said. "Speaking out about violations is the best way to ensure that the next Rwandan administration respects human rights." Kagame is widely expected to be re-elected for a second seven-year term. Journalist Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: Amnesty International is urging Rwanda to hold a fair and free election . Diplomatic fallout began after President Paul Kagame's rival was shot in Johannesburg . Rwandan authorities have questioned South Africa's ambassador about the incident . South Africa: The envoy's recall does not mean an end to diplomatic ties .
id: b171a594c02edceb74761ad4f2f5b9302be24b5b
chatgpt: Amnesty International has called for a free and fair election in Rwanda amidst an escalating diplomatic crisis between the country and South Africa. The tensions began after the shooting of Kagame's rival, Patrick Karegeya, in Johannesburg. Karegeya was a former Rwandan intelligence chief who had fled to South Africa in 2007 after falling out with Kagame. In December 2013, he was found strangled in a hotel room in Johannesburg, with evidence pointing to Rwandan involvement. The incident has strained relations between the two countries, with South Africa summoning the Rwandan ambassador to explain the shooting. This resulted in the Rwandan authorities questioning South Africa's ambassador in return. The diplomatic fallout escalated after South Africa announced that it was recalling its ambassador from Kigali, the capital of Rwanda. However, the South African government has emphasized that this is not a total severing of diplomatic ties with Rwanda. In a statement issued by South Africa's Department of International Relations and Cooperation, they stated that "the recall of the ambassador does not signal a break in diplomatic relations with Rwanda but rather serves to engage with relevant parties to find a mutually acceptable way forward." Amnesty International has urged Rwanda to hold a free and fair election, highlighting the need for freedom of expression and association, as well as the inclusion of all political parties in the electoral process. "The government of Rwanda must ensure that the electoral process conforms to international standards of freedom, fairness, and transparency," said Sarah Jackson, Amnesty International's Deputy Regional Director for East Africa. The call for a fair election comes ahead of Rwanda's presidential election, which is scheduled to take place in August 2017. President Kagame, who has been in power since 2000, is running for a third term, despite a constitutional amendment in 2015 that limited the presidency to two terms. Concerns have been raised by the opposition and international observers over the fairness of the upcoming election, with reports of intimidation and harassment of opposition members and civil society groups. In December 2016, the European Union expressed concerns about the shrinking space for political opposition and civil society in Rwanda, stating that "the EU was concerned about the latest repressive measures against opposition voices and Rwanda's poor human rights record, which seems to be deteriorating in the run-up to the presidential election." Amnesty International's call for a free and fair election echoes these concerns, and highlights the need for the international community to closely monitor the situation in Rwanda ahead of the presidential election. As the diplomatic tensions between South Africa and Rwanda continue to escalate, it is crucial that actions are taken to ensure that the election is conducted fairly and transparently. The international community must work together to ensure that the people of Rwanda can exercise their democratic rights in a free and fair manner.