article: By . Emily Allen . PUBLISHED: . 07:17 EST, 19 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:40 EST, 19 July 2012 . Pie anyone? Councillor F John Smith, 80, bizarrely said dead pigeons could provide a source of food . Hundreds of pigeons set to be culled in a town could be used to make pies, a veteran town councillor has claimed. Councillor F John Smith, 80, bizarrely said the dead birds could provide a good source of food. He spoke out as Royston Town Council in Hertfordshire voted to ask business partnership Royston First to kill the pests and crack down on people feeding them. Mr Smith, who quit as a district . councillor in 2010 after 50 years, said: 'When you use the word cull it . has a very negative effect on people but there is an advantage to this . method. 'I'm being . perfectly serious that pigeon pie is not eaten as often as it used to be . - in other words shot pigeons give us a food source.' Up . to 600 pigeons roost in Royston and councillors have branded the . massive mess left by the birds a serious menace for residents. Pigeon has been used a food source for centuries, although nowadays it is wood pigeon that's served in pies and in restaurants. However, there is no real reason why urban pigeons cannot be eaten as long as they are checked for parasites and the meat is cooked properly. Town mayor Lindsay Davidson said pedestrians find pavements 'risky' because 'they are covered in muck'. Officials have previously considered avian contraceptives, but they were deemed inhumane, and drafting in killer hawks. Fire gel that would fool birds into thinking roosting spots were ablaze was also looked at. Now the council has decided culling them is the only way to reduce the flock. Tasty? Pigeon has been used a food source for centuries, although nowadays it is wood pigeon that's served in pies (like this pictured) and in restaurants. Urban pigeon can also be eaten as long as it's cooked properly . Pest: Up to 600 pigeons roost in Royston (pictured) and councillors have branded the massive mess left by the birds a serious menace for residents . Leader . of the council, Bob Smith, said: 'The problem with fire gel is that it . would only repel them from wherever we put the gel and we can't smother . the entire town in gel. 'I'm sure a cull is the best option to get the flock down to a manageable size.' The council also vowed to continue using spikes and netting to deter the birds from the town centre. Problem: The council also vowed to continue using spikes and netting to deter the birds from the town centre (file picture of pigeons in Trafalgar Square, London .
highlights: 600 pigeons roost in Royston, Hertfordshire leaving mess everywhere .
id: 6dda445ef2fdc24d5fc717ee90b69e9fea09fb19
chatgpt: In the quiet town of Royston, Hertfordshire, 600 pigeons have taken over the city, leaving mess everywhere. The problem has been growing for months, and according to residents, it is only getting worse. The birds have taken up residence in the town's buildings, trees, and even on residents' roofs. The noise they create is unbearable, and the amount of fecal matter they leave behind is extensive. The town council has received numerous complaints from residents about the appalling state of the town's streets. The droppings left by these birds have been known to carry diseases and infections, making the situation potentially dangerous for those who come into contact with it. For residents who walk around the town, there is a very real risk of slipping and falling on the bird waste. Despite the reports, the town's council has yet to take any significant measures to address the issue. The town's residents have taken to social media to express their frustrations with the lack of action from local authorities. Some have suggested that the council install nets to prevent the birds from roosting in large numbers. Others have called for more drastic measures, such as calling in professional pest control to remove the birds altogether. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, spoke of her concerns for her animals: "The amount of bird droppings in my garden is just terrible. My dog has started showing signs of illness, and I believe it's because of the droppings left by the pigeons." The issue of bird infestations is not restricted to Royston. Many other towns and cities across the UK have been affected by similar problems. This problem is not limited to the UK either. With urban areas becoming more attractive to pigeons as a habitat, bird infestations are becoming a global concern. Authorities in cities such as New York and Mumbai have also had to deal with the problem. In conclusion, the situation in Royston is a serious concern for the town's residents. It is a problem that requires immediate attention from local authorities. Failure to address the issue could have severe consequences for the health and safety of the town's population, as well as local businesses and tourism. It is evident that the council needs to take action, and soon.