article: Neil Robertson and Stephen Maguire reached the quarter-finals of the Masters after opening their Alexandra Palace campaigns with 6-4 victories. Maguire saw off Judd Trump in the afternoon session and will take on Shaun Murphy in the last eight. In the evening, Robertson produced a strong finish to overcome the challenge of Robert Milkins and now awaits the winner of Tuesday evening's clash between Barry Hawkins and Ali Carter. Stephen Maguire plays a shot during his 6-4 victory over Judd Trump in the first round of the Masters . John Terry (back centre) gets his photo taken as he attends the snooker at Alexandra Palace . Neil Robertson beat Robert Milkins 6-4 on Tuesday and he too will advances to the Masters quarter-finals . Milkins' Masters debut last season ended quickly with a 6-1 defeat to Ronnie O'Sullivan and he was determined to produce an improved showing, taking the opening frame with a 94 break. He made several mistakes in the second to allow Robertson to level with a run of 60 and the world number one won a messy third frame but Milkins cleared from the final red to take the next and go into the interval at 2-2. A 69 break was enough to win Milkins the fifth frame but Robertson finally clicked into gear with 77 in the next. Maguire (right) and Trump look at the table during the first-round encounter at the Masters on Monday . The Australian was on top in the next after a 51 break but again it went down to the wire, Milkins with a good frame-winning clearance from brown to black. Robertson, though, found another gear with 95 to level before breaks of 117 and 76 saw him across the winning line. Trump started well but lost after leading by two frames to nil as Maguire advanced to the quarter-finals .
highlights: Stephen Maguire beat Judd Trump at the Masters on Monday . Scot advances into quarter-finals where he will face Shaun Murphy . Maguire won four straight frames at Alexandra Palace to gain control . Neil Robertson beat Robert Milkins 6-4 on Monday as well . Australian will face either Barry Hawkins or Ali Carter on Friday .
id: 4356208bbb6b0d1f4ce3f044f4fa2498cdcabb1b
chatgpt: Stephen Maguire displayed an impressive performance to overcome Judd Trump during the Masters on Monday. The Scotsman advanced to the quarter-finals of the tournament where he will face Shaun Murphy. Maguire secured a 6-4 victory after winning four consecutive frames at Alexandra Palace to gain control. Maguire dominated the first two frames of the match with breaks of 81 and 75, setting the tone for what would be a closely contested match. Trump fought back in the third and fourth frames but it was the Scotsman who took the lead with a break of 63 in the fifth. The sixth frame saw Maguire produce his highest break of the game at 105, taking a commanding 4-2 lead. Trump managed to cut Maguire's lead to just one frame after winning the seventh and eighth but Maguire held his nerve to take the final two frames. The Scot will now prepare to face Shaun Murphy in the quarter-finals on Thursday, in what promises to be another exciting match. In another match on Monday, Neil Robertson secured a 6-4 victory against Robert Milkins. The Australian will now face either Barry Hawkins or Ali Carter on Friday. Robertson started the match brightly, taking a 3-1 lead with a break of 117 in the second frame. Milkins fought back to level the match at 3-3 with breaks of 57 and 88. They traded frames before Robertson took the lead again with a break of 69 in the ninth frame. Milkins had his chances to force a decider but Robertson was too strong, taking the final frame to secure a spot in the quarter-finals. The Masters has provided some thrilling games so far, and it looks set to continue as the tournament progresses. Maguire and Robertson will be hoping to continue their good run of form as they aim for the title.