article: New Delhi (CNN) -- An American woman who authorities say was gang-raped by three men after visiting a popular Hindu temple in northern India was resting in her hotel Wednesday under the protection of a police officer while investigators searched for her attackers. The 31-year-old woman was raped after leaving the Vashishth Temple site around 1 a.m. Tuesday, according to police. After failing to find a taxi to take her back to her hotel, she accepted a ride from three men who took her to a wooded area where they raped and robbed her, authorities said. The woman was examined at a hospital and released, according to police Superintendent Vinod Kumar Dhawan. She was staying at a hotel in Manali with friends, according to authorities. A police escort has been assigned to protect her, they said. The woman was unable to provide significant details about the men or the truck they were driving, making it difficult for police to make an arrest, Dhawan said. Regardless, a special investigative team had been formed and had been carrying out raids at potential hideouts, Dhawan said. Authorities had arrested three men in the case, but the woman said they were not the men who attacked her, according to police. It was unclear if the men, who had been questioned to gain possible leads, remained in custody Wednesday. A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi confirmed diplomatic officials had been in touch with local authorities about the case, but declined to talk further about it. Violent rapes in India have made headlines recently. A 4-year-old girl died after being sexually assaulted by a 35-year-old man in Ghansaur in April, and a 5-year-old girl was allegedly raped two weeks earlier in New Delhi. Two men were arrested in that case. Six men are facing rape and burglary charges after the rape of a Swiss tourist in March. And a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped on a bus in New Delhi in December and later died of her injuries. Five men were charged in the case; one has since died in prison. That attack spurred protests across the nation, where most women have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets, according to the Indian Council on Global Relations.
highlights: NEW: Police arrest three men, but woman says they were not her attackers . Police stage raids in search for American woman's attackers . The woman hasn't been able to provide many clues about men who raped her, police say . She's at her hotel under protection of a police officer, official says .
id: 465f8abc4873f40fe03b403cf4cba81fc73e3c85
chatgpt: Police have arrested three men in connection with the recent assault on an American tourist in a popular tourist spot in the city of Mumbai, India. However, the victim has informed the police that these were not the men who had attacked her. In an effort to track down the perpetrators of the heinous crime, the police had staged raids in different parts of the city. They had taken into custody three young men who they believed were responsible for the incident. The woman, who is reportedly under police protection at her hotel, has not been able to provide many clues about the attackers. The police remain keen on pursuing the investigation further in order to apprehend the real culprits behind the assault. The incident occurred when the American tourist was taking a walk at night in the Colaba area, a neighborhood popular with tourists. She was attacked by a group of men who robbed her and then raped her. The woman was able to raise an alarm, and passersby called the police. The police arrived promptly on the scene and began to investigate the attack. However, the victim's state of shock, and the trauma of the incident, has meant that she has not been able to provide much help to the police in their investigation. According to a police official, the woman is currently under the protection of a police officer, who has been assigned to her care. The officer is accompanying her at all times in order to keep her safe and to ensure that she receives all the necessary medical attention and counseling. The incident has shocked the city, which is a popular destination for international tourists. The police have issued a statement saying that they are committed to ensuring the safety of all visitors to the city, and that they will do everything in their power to bring the perpetrators of this crime to justice. The case has brought to light once again the vulnerability of women who travel alone, and the danger they face in certain parts of the world. The incident has also prompted calls for more stringent measures to be put in place to prevent such atrocities from occurring in the future.