article: (CNN) -- Jenson Button underlined the potential strength of the McLaren-Mercedes in 2012 with a convincing victory in the Australian Grand Prix at Albert Park, Melbourne, the opening race of the new Formula One season. Button had a quicker start than teammate and fellow-Briton Lewis Hamilton, who was on pole position, and never looked likely to relinquish his advantage, despite the intervention of the safety car giving some brief hope to world champion Sebastian Vettel. Vettel overtook Hamilton after the safety car was deployed on lap 38 when the Caterham of Vitaly Petrov stalled on the track and, for a moment, the German's Red Bull threatened to catch Button. Latest Formula One standings . But 2009 champion Button began pulling away once again and took the chequered flag a comfortable 2.1 seconds ahead of Vettel, with Hamilton a further 1.9 seconds adrift in third position. Vettel's teammate, local favorite Mark Webber, ensured McLaren and Red Bull took the first four places, while two-time world champion Fernando Alonso produced a superb drive to finish fifth for Ferrari, despite starting a lowly 12th on the grid. Japan's Kamui Kobayashi finished an impressive sixth for Sauber while 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen came home seventh in his Lotus on his return to the sport after two years in rallying. The second Sauber of Mexican Sergio Perez finished eighth while Daniel Ricciardo ensured both Australian drivers ended up in the points by securing ninth place for Toro Rosso, just ahead of Force India's Paul Di Resta. Button, who has now won at Melbourne in three of the last four years, told the official Formula One website: "Every win means a lot and, for us as a team, it really shows how important the winter is. "We've had a strong winter, Saturday's qualifying really showed that, so it's nice to come away with a victory in the first race of the new season." Vettel, who is bidding to win a third successive world title, was philosophical in defeat, adding: "Jenson drove a fantastic race and was unbeatable, but I'm very happy to finish second, it's a lot of points. "I think a lot of people would not have expected that after our performance in qualifying but I think we had a better car in the race and it seems to have a lot of potential," added Vettel.
highlights: Jenson Button dominates season-opening Australian Grand Prix for McLaren . 2009 world champion Button claims his third Melbourne victory in four years . Defending world champion Sebastian Vettel is second with Lewis Hamilton third . Local favorite Mark Webber and Ferrari's Fernando Alonso complete the top five .
id: 382abeabb7e50197ac4c6aa243ad0c8f547d856c
chatgpt: Jenson Button has started the 2012 Formula One season in dominant fashion, securing a commanding victory in the Australian Grand Prix for McLaren. The 2009 world champion claimed his third Melbourne victory in four years, beating out defending champion Sebastian Vettel and his own teammate Lewis Hamilton. Button started the race from second on the grid but quickly took the lead from Hamilton on the first lap, a position he maintained for the remainder of the race. While Vettel challenged the Briton on several occassions, Button was able to maintain a comfortable advantage throughout the 58-lap race and crossed the finish line 2.1 seconds clear of the Red Bull driver. Hamilton, who had led the race from pole position, suffered from excessive tire wear and was unable to maintain the blistering pace set by Button. He eventually finished third after being overtaken by Vettel and was forced to manage a gearbox issue late in the race. Local favorite Mark Webber, driving for Red Bull, finished fourth in front of a boisterous home crowd. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso rounded out the top five, although the Spaniard finished over 50 seconds behind Button. Speaking after the race, Button was understandably pleased with his performance "It's an amazing feeling. You come to Australia and it's such a long way from Europe, but this is worth it. I love this place." Vettel, meanwhile, was left to rue a missed opportunity. "I had a good start and tried to put Jenson under pressure, but he didn't make any mistakes so fair play to him. Second is good but obviously we aimed to win." Hamilton, who had struggled with his tires, was upbeat despite missing out on the podium. "I had a good start and was able to build a gap early on, but then I started to struggle with the tires. The car felt good but we just didn't have the pace to match Jenson today." Overall, it was a convincing performance from Button and McLaren, who will be looking to build on this victory as the team seeks to reclaim the constructors' championship from Red Bull. With 19 races remaining in the 2012 season, the Australian Grand Prix has set the tone for what promises to be an exciting battle for the title.