article: (CNN) -- Racing legend Frankie Dettori will work as a freelance jockey in 2013, ending an 18-year spell with the Dubai-owned Godolphin stable. The Italian will not be directly employed by Godolphin, owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, but will continue to race for the stable. "We have had a tremendous association with Frankie over many years," Godolphin's racing manager Simon Crisford said in a statement. "He has achieved so much on behalf of Godolphin and has made the difference between winning and losing on so many occasions in the world's biggest races. "However, Frankie is looking for a fresh challenge and we felt that the retainer was not really working so this is the best way forward. We have had many great days together and we look forward to working with Frankie in the future and hopefully enjoying more success together. "He remains a great friend -- the difference next year will be that he will not be our retained jockey and will operate as a freelance instead." Dettori has ridden 110 Group or Grade One winners for Godolphin since claiming the stable's first Classic on Balanchine in 1994. "I have had 18 wonderful years," said the 41-year-old Dettori as he looked back on his time in the royal blue silks. "Godolphin has been a major part of everything I have achieved in racing and I have loved every minute of it. "I feel the time has come for a change. My position in the stable has changed a little bit and I need a new challenge. "Sheikh Mohammed has been an unbelievable boss to me. He had the confidence to take me on board when I was young and we smashed every record together. I will be forever grateful to him for everything he has done for me and for my family." Arguably Dettori is most famous for riding seven different winners in one day at British racecourse Ascot in September 1996. Godolphin will retain French jockey Mickael Barzalona and Brazil's Silvestre de Sousa for next year.
highlights: Jockey Frankie Dettori leaves Goldolphin stable after 18 years . The Italian could continue to race for the stable on a freelance basis . Godolphin owned by Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum . Dettori is perhaps most famous for winning seven races in a day in 1996 .
id: 1968e1db693e48ed7754e908ce0fae46fc28c410
chatgpt: Jockey Frankie Dettori has announced his departure from the Goldolphin stable after an incredible 18 years of partnership. However, there is still a possibility that he will continue to race for the stable on a freelance basis. This decision comes after rumors spread in the horse racing community that Dettori's contract was set to expire soon. Goldolphin is a world-renowned racing stable and is owned by Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who is well-known for his passion for horse racing. The stable is based in Dubai, but also has operational centers in Europe and the United States. Dettori has been a key figure in the success of the stable over the years, having ridden many of their top horses to victory on numerous occasions. Dettori himself has had an illustrious career, with over 3,000 wins to his name. He is perhaps most famous for his incredible feat of winning all seven races on a single day at Ascot in 1996, which earned him the nickname "Magnificent Seven". He has also won 14 British Classics, including the Epsom Derby and the St Leger, as well as numerous Group 1 races all over the world. Despite his success with Goldolphin, rumors had been swirling for some time that Dettori was unhappy with his current situation. He has expressed a desire to have more freedom to choose which horses he rides, and the possibility of racing as a freelance jockey could offer him just that. However, it remains to be seen whether Goldolphin will be willing to allow Dettori to continue riding their horses on a freelance basis. Dettori's departure will undoubtedly be a huge loss for Goldolphin, but they are already looking for ways to fill the void. Sheikh Mohammed has stated that the stable will continue to strive for greatness and will work hard to maintain their position as one of the leading racing stables in the world. In conclusion, the horse racing community has been left in shock by the news of Frankie Dettori's departure from the Goldolphin stable. While the possibility remains that he may continue to ride for the stable on a freelance basis, it is certain that his time as a longstanding member of the stable has come to an end. Dettori will undoubtedly continue to be a force to be reckoned with on the racing circuit, and his future endeavors will be eagerly followed by fans and enthusiasts alike.