article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:31 EST, 1 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:41 EST, 1 August 2013 . It has become a symbol of race relations in America. Now the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History director wants the hoodie Travyon Martin, 17, wore when he was fatally shot by self-appointed neighborhood watchman George Zimmerman on February 26 last year. 'It became the . symbolic way to talk the Trayvon Martin case. It’s rare that you get one . artifact that really becomes the symbol,' director Lonnie Bunch told the Washington Post. 'Because it’s such a symbol, it would allow you to talk about race in the age of Obama.' Symbolic: Trayvon Martin¿s death has sparked debate about popular perceptions of hoodies and the people who wear them . Bunch said the dark gray sweatshirt would enhance the museum's collection, enabling curators to 'ask the bigger questions' prompted by the case. 'Are . we in a post-racial age?' Bunch asked. 'This trial . says, ‘No.’' He said he'd like to chase up the murder trial artifact after the Justice Department finishes its civil rights investigation. Bunch is also eying the hoodie Marian Wright Edelman, founder of the Children’s Defense Fund, wore in solidarity with protesters. This undated photo released by the Office of the State Attorney Fourth Judicial Circuit of Florida shows the hoodie Travon Martin wore when he died . The Reverend Al Sharpton, who was instrumental in the Martin case being brought to trial and also organized numerous national 'Justice for Trayvon' rallies, said he wants to see the jumper 'preserved'. 'The hoodie now . represents an image of an urban street kid that either embraces or . engages in street thug life,' he told Washington Post. 'I think it’s unfair.' He said protestors who wore hoodies at rallies were seeking a 'redefinition' of the hooded jumper. Solidarity: Senators (left to right) Kevin Parker, D-Brooklyn, Bill Perkins, D-New . York, and Sen. Eric Adams, D-Brooklyn, wear hooded sweatshirts during a . March 2012 session to protest the shooting death of Martin, while a protestor wears a hoodie at a Georgia rally. Unity: Senior Minister Jacqueline Lewis, right in red hoodie in pic to left, prays with other congregants . during a service at New York's Middle Collegiate Church last year, where church-goers were invited to wear hoodies . to show their 'support for justice in the case of Trayvon Martin' Hoodies are widely considered to be more than just an item of clothing. They've become unfairly associated with 'urban rebellion', the 'more violent overtones of hip hop' and violent crime, often linking with so-called 'suspicious African American and Hispanic youth', according to the Washington Post. In March last year, Fox News commentator Geraldo Rivera ignited a firestorm after declaring on Fox & Friends: 'The hoodie is as much responsible for Trayvon Martin’s death as George Zimmerman was.' He later said on The O’Reilly Factor: 'Who else wears hoodies? Everybody that ever stuck up a convenience store; D.B. Cooper, the guy that hijacked a plane; Ted Kaczynski the Unabomber.'
highlights: The Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History director Lonnie Bunch wants the hoodie Travyon Martin wore when he was fatally shot . He said the sweatshirt has become a symbol of U.S. race relations 'in the age of Obama'
id: 43c99a23d3f784693ae37d47b07e9907fef1eaaf
chatgpt: The Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture is seeking to obtain the hoodie Trayvon Martin was wearing when he was fatally shot in 2012, according to the museum's director Lonnie Bunch. Martin's death sparked national outrage and became a symbol of racial profiling and police brutality. During a recent interview, Bunch told The Washington Post, "It became the symbolic way to talk the Trayvon Martin case. It's rare that you get one artifact that really becomes the symbol." The hoodie, which features a gray hood and sleeves and a white front, has been recognized as a symbol of African American history and the ongoing fight for justice. Bunch, who previously served as the founding director of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture, says he has reached out to Martin's family to request the hoodie's donation to the museum. However, it remains unclear if the family is willing to part with the iconic piece of clothing. If the museum were to acquire the hoodie, it would hold a significant place in its collections, particularly in the "Power of Place" exhibit. The exhibit explores the importance of place and space in African American history and culture, and features artifacts such as a slave cabin, Emmett Till's casket, and Harriet Tubman's hymnal. In the wake of Martin's death, the hoodie has become a symbol of activism and resistance within the African American community. The hashtag #HoodiesUp trended on social media, with users posting photos of themselves and their loved ones wearing hoodies to show solidarity with Martin and to challenge stereotypes that associates hoodies with criminality. Martin's death also sparked a larger conversation about the racial profiling of young black men and the systemic inequalities within the U.S. criminal justice system. The Black Lives Matter movement, which arose in the aftermath of Martin's death and the acquittal of his killer, George Zimmerman, has continued to advocate for police reform and racial justice throughout the country. According to Bunch, the hoodie's significance extends beyond its connection to the Trayvon Martin case. "This piece asks you to think about race, about bias, about what fear does," he said. "And so we felt that it was important to make sure that we collected this object, not simply because of Trayvon Martin and his place in American history, but because it tells a story of America that hasn't been told yet." Martin's hoodie, along with items such as the Black Lives Matter protest sign and Colin Kaepernick's jersey, represents a new generation of artifacts that are being collected to document the ongoing struggle for civil rights and equality in America. The acquisition of the hoodie is a reminder of the work that still needs to be done to achieve racial equality and justice in America. As the country continues to grapple with systemic racism and the legacy of slavery and discrimination, institutions like the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture play an important role in documenting and preserving African American history and culture.