article: (CNN) -- If Lewis Hamilton is to win a fifth Hungarian Grand Prix, he'll need something akin to a miracle. That's because he'll start well adrift of the pack after the back of his Mercedes caught fire in qualifying -- the second consecutive Saturday he's suffered misfortune. It was on his first qualifying lap, too. Hamilton wasn't hurt but with his chassis needing replacing, it means a start from pit lane. His teammate and Championship leader Nico Rosberg had no such issues, recording the fastest time. Last week in qualifying for the German Grand Prix, a brake issue led to a Hamilton crash and meant he began 20th on the grid on race day but he put in a stellar drive to rise to third. Hamilton, who bettered the field in practice Friday and earlier Saturday, was the first to point out that overtaking opportunities aren't as great in Hungary as they were in Germany. "It's a shame, especially when you do the practice sessions with not too many problems," Hamilton said in a television interview aired by Sky. "I didn't even get a lap this time. Last time I got maybe two laps. "I can't believe it's happened again. This is not a track you can really overtake on so coming from last to the podium is a lot less likely." Hamilton's mishap gives Rosberg the chance to extend his 14-point lead over Hamilton in the individual standings. And although the German said he would have preferred to go head-to-head with Hamilton, he felt Sunday's race would now be "easier." Unsurprisingly, he doesn't plan on taking many risks at the Hungaroring. "It makes it easier of course because he is my competitor," Rosberg was quoted as saying by Autosport.com. "It's a free opportunity tomorrow. "I need to play it safe and avoid any unnecessary things happening, and get as many points as possible. "I would prefer to be out there battling with Lewis. That would give me the maximum adrenaline rush. It won't be a gloves-off battle with Lewis, but I am still very, very happy." Rosberg clocked a best time of one minute, 22.715 seconds, bettering reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull by 0.486 seconds, Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo, who is a distant third in the driver standings.
highlights: Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finishes second last in Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying . Hamilton's car catches fire to end his session early but he walked away unhurt . It's the second straight week the Englishman suffers a car issue in qualifying . Teammate and Championship leader Nico Rosberg records the fastest time .
id: 26c5a2ac29d8598daa8254a353eee9545f4e8174
chatgpt: Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton was left disappointed after he finished second last in the qualifying session for the Hungarian Grand Prix on Saturday. Hamilton, a three-time world champion, was suffering from car issues for the second straight week in qualifying when his car suddenly caught fire, ultimately ending his session early. However, he was unharmed and walked away from the incident, despite his car being engulfed in flames. The Englishman's lackluster performance means he will start from the back of the grid in Sunday's race, making it increasingly difficult for him to make a comeback. Hamilton's car issues started last week, where he encountered gearbox problems during the German Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Hamilton's teammate and current championship leader, Nico Rosberg, recorded the fastest time in qualifying, putting him in pole position for Sunday's race. This is Rosberg's sixth pole position in this year's championship series and his fifth straight win at the Hungaroring Circuit. Hamilton, who is currently in second place in the championship, has a lot of ground to make up to catch up with Rosberg. However, he remains upbeat and positive, saying that he is not giving up on the championship just yet. In a recent interview, Hamilton said, "I'm not going to let one bad qualifying session throw me off. There's still a lot of races left in the season, and I'm going to do everything I can to close the gap with Nico. I know I have the skills and the ability to win, and I'm going to give it my all in tomorrow's race." Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff also offered words of encouragement to Hamilton, saying that the team would do everything possible to get him back on track. "Lewis is a fighter, and he won't let this setback deter him," Wolff said. "We'll work together as a team to address these issues and get him back to where he needs to be. It's still early in the season, and anything can happen." The main event of the Hungarian Grand Prix is set to take place on Sunday, July 31, where all eyes will be on Rosberg and Hamilton to see if the Englishman can make a comeback after a difficult qualifying session.