article: (CNN) -- Hillary Clinton would topple Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey, and Garden State voters don't think America wants a "Jersey Guy" president, according to a new poll released Thursday. The Quinnipiac University Poll indicates that the former secretary of state would carry New Jersey, 50%-39%, over the state's two-term, incumbent governor if the election were held today. While Christie won convincingly in his re-election bid as a Republican governor last year, the odds are still stacked against him electorally. The state has a plurality of Democratic voters, and it hasn't voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988. Poll: Hillary Clinton ahead in 5 would-be GOP match-ups . In fact, the same Quinnipiac survey shows Clinton has been ahead of Christie in hypothetical match-ups since February 2013. Still, a majority of New Jersey voters (53%) says Christie would not make a good president, slightly down from April, when 57% felt the same way. Interestingly, nearly half (49%) say American voters aren't ready for a "Jersey Guy" president like Christie. "Shades of Woodrow Wilson. The last Jersey guy who got elected president did not carry the state in his 1916 reelection," Maurice Carroll, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, said in a news release. "And this poll shows we haven't changed in the last century." Christie: U.S. 'missing an enormous opportunity' on Keystone . If he does make a White House bid, a decision he's said he'll make "well into 2015," more than six in 10 New Jersey voters think he should resign his governorship, something his aides have said he won't do. Christie had sky-high approval ratings following the devastation from Superstorm Sandy in 2012, but his numbers have been slipping since the George Washington Bridge scandal unfolded earlier this year and as the state's economic struggles have garnered more attention. He also saw criticism in New Jersey for his frequent travels out of state this year as chairman of the Republican Governors Association, a job that took him around the country campaigning for 2014 Republican candidates. For the poll, Quinnipiac surveyed 1,340 registered voters in New Jersey over the phone from Dec. 3-8. The sampling error is plus or minus 2.7 percentage points.
highlights: A new poll shows Hillary Clinton would defeat Chris Christie in New Jersey . A majority of New Jersey voters don't think Christie would be a good president .
id: 0f0c92a443c7f46107ee220437378919290b07cd
chatgpt: According to a recent poll, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would defeat New Jersey's Governor Chris Christie in a hypothetical presidential match-up in his home state. The poll also found that more than half of New Jersey voters do not believe that Christie would make a good candidate for president. In the poll, Clinton received 54 percent of the vote, while Christie received just 34 percent. This is a significant shift in voter opinion since the last poll taken in February, which showed Christie trailing Clinton by just three percentage points. The recent release of documents detailing possible overstepping of authority by Christie's office in the "Bridgegate" scandal may have contributed to this shift in public opinion. The poll did reveal some positive news for Christie, however. His approval rating in New Jersey has increased slightly from 43 percent in February to 46 percent currently. Additionally, a majority of voters, 55 percent, give him high marks for his handling of Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts. Despite this, the poll's results suggest that Christie may have difficulty winning over voters in a national presidential election. In a head-to-head match-up against Clinton, 51 percent of voters said that Christie would not be a good president, while just 41 percent said that he would be. This negative view of Christie may be due in part to his recent political misfortunes, including the Bridgegate scandal and his close association with President Trump. He has also faced criticism from some members of his own party for his willingness to work with Democrats on key issues such as gun control. Meanwhile, Clinton's strong showing in this poll suggests that she still has a significant level of support among New Jersey voters. Her favorable rating in the state is at 44 percent, and just 34 percent of voters have an unfavorable view of her. Overall, the poll's results indicate that Christie would face an uphill battle if he were to run for president. While he may be popular with some voters in New Jersey, his recent troubles have damaged his national appeal. Clinton, on the other hand, appears to have retained much of her support in the state, making her a formidable candidate in a national election.