article: (CNN) -- Rescuers have saved more than 50 whales and five dolphins that stranded themselves on a beach in Tasmania, officials said Monday. More than 190 whales washed ashore on King island. The 54 pilot whales were among a group of 192 that beached themselves a day earlier on King island, which lies between Tasmania and the southeastern tip of Australia. Tasmania's Parks and Wildlife Service said the whales had been put back to sea at high tide. The rest perished. "This means all the surviving whales have now been refloated," it said in a statement. Parks and Wildlife Service spokesman Chris Arthur said it was not unusual for whales and dolphins to strand together.  Watch rescuers haul creatures back out to sea » . In November 2004, a group of 97 long-finned whales and bottle nosed dolphins beached at Sea Elephant Bay in King Island. All the animals died. Over 90 percent of Australia's mass whale strandings occur in Tasmania, according to the Parks and Wildlife Service. "This last summer has been a particularly demanding one, not only for the specialist Parks and Wildlife Service officers... but also the volunteers and local communities who have worked together at four major strandings this summer," Arthur said.
highlights: 54 pilot whales among a group of 192 that beached themselves . King Island off Tasmania is a hotspot for whale beachings . Experts say it is not uncommon for whales and dolphins to beach together .
id: 0c06737a0ad74400b74c4e3219183c7302f48a09
chatgpt: A group of 192 pilot whales swam too close to the shores of King Island in Tasmania and beached themselves. Among the group, 54 pilot whales were confirmed dead. The Australian government has dispatched a team to rescue the remaining whales. King Island, a small island between Tasmania and mainland Australia, is no stranger to whale beachings. Experts believe the location and the shallow waters surrounding the island could be a factor why this keeps happening. King Island is also one of the few places where whales and dolphins beach together. The Australian government has set up a hotline for locals to report any sightings of whales in shallow waters. They urge citizens to report immediately if they spot any whales swimming near the shore. Pilot whales are particularly vulnerable to beaching because they have a strong family bond. When one whale becomes trapped, the others are likely to follow in an attempt to help. With such strong instincts, it is up to humans to step in and help these creatures and prevent future beachings from happening. The rescue team arrived on King Island late last night to save the remaining whales. They will work to relocate the whales back into open waters, where they will hopefully rejoin their pod and swim freely once again. This terrible incident serves as a reminder to all of us that we must take care of our oceans and the creatures that call it home. We must prevent future beachings by being vigilant and reporting any whale sightings in shallow waters.