article: Andy Murray heads into the US Open next week unperturbed by the fact that he has yet to win a title of any sort since Wimbledon last year. The 27 year-old Scot, who has not made a final since returning from back surgery, remains among the favourites to replicate his Flushing Meadows triumph of two years ago despite the recent lack of silverware. 'I’m not concerned,' he said on Friday. 'It’s always tough when you come back from an injury and it always takes time to get the consistency. It maybe took me a bit longer than expected to get back to being able to train 100 per cent. Gearing up: Andy Murray trains for the US Open, which begins on Monday and sees him take on Robin Haase . Back then: The Scot won the US Open in 2012 - the first Grand Slam of his career . Out of form: Murray has struggled this year and has not win a title since Wimbledon 2013 . 'The standard on the tour is very high, there are no easy matches and it is difficult to reach the semi-final or final of a tournament let alone win a title. I think its a very open tour right now. 'I’ve struggled a little bit in the later stages of the tournaments this year but I think I have also put in some very good performances and I’m confident that I’m back to where I want to be, so it’s just a case of being patient and believing in myself. 'Things with Amelie (Mauresmo) have been going well here this year on the practice court, and we had a really good training block in Miami as well. I trained harder and smarter there than I had been able to for a long while, so that’s important, both mentally and physically.' Turnaround: New coach Amelie Mauresmo has been tasked with getting Murray's career back on track . Fully fit: Murray says he is over the back problems that have plagued him over the past year . Murray has been handed a tough draw, beginning with Robin Haase, the Dutchman who nearly upset him over five sets in New York three years ago. 'Robin and I have had some great matches over the last few years, obviously the last time we met at the US Open in 2011 it was a tough match. Hopefully this year I will be able to get out of the blocks a little quicker, but he can be a tough player, so I won’t be underestimating him.'
highlights: Andy Murray has not reached a final since Wimbledon 2013 . He is seeded eighth for the Grand Slam event, which starts on Monday . The Scot takes on Robin Haase in the first round . Britain's No 1 says he is enjoying being coached by Amelie Mauresmo . Murray won the US Open in 2012 .
id: 96375812a701212334d00b5c077a9d236243f0a7
chatgpt: Andy Murray returns to the US Open this year with hopes of progressing deep into the competition after a couple of years of injuries and inconsistent form. The former world number one, who turns 33 next week, has failed to reach a final since his historic Wimbledon victory in 2013. The Scot has been seeded eighth for this year's Grand Slam event, which starts on Monday, a far cry from his usual position at the top of the draw. Murray has been handed a tricky first-round match against Robin Haase, a player he has never faced before. Despite his lack of recent success, Murray arrives in New York in a positive frame of mind. British tennis's number one has spoken warmly about his partnership with coach Amelie Mauresmo, whose appointment in 2014 was a ground-breaking move for tennis. Murray says he is enjoying the challenge of working with someone who knows what it takes to win Grand Slam titles - Mauresmo won both the Australian Open and Wimbledon during her playing career. The US Open holds special memories for Murray, having won the event in 2012 to become the first British male in 76 years to win a Grand Slam singles title. Murray's victory over Novak Djokovic in the final was a masterclass of resilience and determination, two qualities that he will need to call on this year. Murray's form this year has been mixed, but he has shown signs of his old self in recent weeks. A semifinal appearance at the Western and Southern Open in Cincinnati, where he lost to eventual champion Daniil Medvedev, was encouraging for the Scot. Murray will be hoping to build on that performance as he prepares for the US Open. Murray knows that he faces a challenging draw if he is to make it deep into the tournament. Potential opponents include three-time Grand Slam winner Stan Wawrinka, the in-form Matteo Berrettini, and world number two Rafael Nadal. However, Murray is no stranger to defying the odds, and he will be hoping to draw on his past experiences to navigate his way through the early rounds. In conclusion, Andy Murray heads to the US Open with plenty of challenges ahead of him. However, the Scot remains as determined as ever to make an impact on the Grand Slam stage once again. His first round match against Robin Haase will be an early test of his form, and Murray will be looking to build momentum from there. If he can find his best form, Murray has the ability to compete with the best in the world and make a deep run at this year's US Open.