article: San Francisco, California (CNN) -- Stopping short of directly addressing intensifying speculation about a PlayStation phone, Sony's Peter Dille acknowledged that its portable game system could be due for a change soon. Dille, the senior vice president of marketing at Sony Computer Entertainment of America, was asked about the so-called PlayStation Phone, which was first reported by Engadget, in a fireside chat Wednesday at a conference in San Francisco. Refusing to confirm or deny rumors, Dille did say the lack of a cellular data connection could be holding back Sony's PlayStation Portable game system. "The PSP is a Wi-Fi device," he said. "People are used to having always-connected devices." Sony's home game consoles have had life spans of 10 years each, and the PlayStation 3 will continue to be supported for at least that long, Dille said. But "the portable market moves so fast," he said. At six years, the PSP may be looking dry. Indeed, Sony has had to reverse its marketing strategy to target younger gamers for that system, Dille said. Now, the PSP is having to compete with more fully featured hand-held game systems that can also make calls, send text messages and provide a window to thousands of games and apps. Apple chief Steve Jobs has boasted in news conferences, saying the iPod Touch and iPhone have become the hand-held gaming leaders. The company recently launched a social networking hub called Game Center. However, Dille said Sony has competitors, like Apple's iPhone and Google's Android, beat for the attention of serious gamers. PSP's focus is on long, immersive entertainment, not five-minute battles between meetings. "These are largely time-killers," Dille said of smartphone games. "Gamers aren't satisfied with that." Whether Sony sees Android's gaming marketplace as a competitor or potential partner, Dille declined to comment. Engadget reported that Android could power the rumored PlayStation Phone. A spokeswoman present during a CNN interview with Dille after the onstage chat said, "We have relationships with Google." The PSP can already do more than just gaming, Dille said. It has applications for watching movies, making calls over Skype and limited Web browsing. But many of those functions are limited by whether you have Wi-Fi access. Plus, it's not a phone, so you need to carry multiple gadgets. But that could be a selling point, said Dille. "Consumers like different boxes," he said. Sony's goal for the PlayStation Network -- the online component for gaming and downloading video of which Dille is also the senior vice president -- is to be an entertainment centerpiece and be always accessible. The current PSP doesn't quite fulfill that vision. "I don't think we fully realize that vision with a Wi-Fi device," Dille told CNN. "If it's not connected [to a cell network] then it does sort of limit people."
highlights: A Sony executive declined to address rumors about the PlayStation Phone . He indicated that the PlayStation Portable system could be due for a change . Specifically, only connecting to the internet via Wi-Fi can be limiting, he said .
id: 1c05631bba3af9782d94bbfdef111a0476dc4a84
chatgpt: Sony executive, Jim Ryan, declined to comment on speculations regarding their rumored PlayStation Phone. Instead, he spoke about the need for change in the PlayStation Portable (PSP) system during an interview with British tech journalist, James Batchelor. Ryan emphasized that the current system’s reliance on Wi-Fi for internet connectivity is limiting. This has been a point of annoyance for many PSP users who desire more flexibility and freedom in their gaming experience. Ryan said that Sony was seriously considering alternatives to the current model, but declined to give any further details. The PSP has been Sony’s handheld console staple since its release in 2004, but the system has faced stiff competition from smartphones for several years now. Some industry experts have speculated that Sony’s decision to diversify their gaming offerings could reflect an effort to compete with mobile devices. As a result, rumors about a PlayStation Phone have spread like wildfire, with many gamers eagerly anticipating Sony’s next move in the handheld gaming market. However, Ryan remained tight-lipped and did not offer any concrete information about upcoming Sony releases. In the interview, he did acknowledge that there was an insatiable demand for mobile gaming, but he did not reveal any plans to release a new handheld console. Despite reports that Sony would be releasing a new version of their PSP, Ryan's comments suggest that the company may have different plans in mind. During the interview, Ryan also discussed Sony's recent efforts to break into the Chinese gaming market, which has been difficult for international gaming companies to penetrate. He acknowledged the country’s strict laws regarding online gaming and recognized that these regulations could impact Sony’s business. Nevertheless, he insisted that Sony was committed to finding a way to enter the Chinese market. The interview touched on a variety of other topics, such as Sony’s plans to release its next-generation gaming console, the PlayStation 5. However, Ryan did not give away any information about price points, release dates, or upcoming titles. Instead, he kept the discussion focused on the potential for innovation and growth in the gaming industry. In conclusion, Sony's Jim Ryan did not address rumors about the PlayStation Phone during his interview with James Batchelor. Instead, he hinted at possible changes in the PSP system, specifically regarding internet connectivity. While gamers await Sony’s next move in the handheld console market, Ryan’s comments suggest that the company may be focusing its efforts in other areas of the industry. Regardless, the future of portable gaming remains an exciting frontier for Sony and its many fans.