article: A World Health Organization doctor who spent 31 days in Nigeria says its no surprise that someone has finally been diagnosed with Ebola on U.S. soil, and that more cases will follow if drastic changes aren't made. Dr. Aileen Marty was worried specifically about the lax standards for checking people on entry to the U.S., illustrating the point with a story about her return to the country through Miami International Airport. 'I get to the kiosk...mark the fact that I've been to Nigeria and nobody cares, nobody stopped me,' she said. Dr. Aileen Marty says she's worried specifically the lax standards for checking people on entry to the U.S. as Ebola rages in West Africa . Marty shows off safe ways of saying hello in Ebola stricken countries without shaking hands with Fusion host Jorge Ramos . Marty recounted her experiences in an interview with Fusion's Jorge Ramos. 'Not a single test?' Ramos asked. 'Nothing,' she said. The White House has only recently announced additional screening measures will be put in place to check passengers entering the U.S. from countries hit by Ebola. Five of the country's major airports will be the first to implement the new measures, including John F. Kennedy Airport in New York, Liberty International Airport in Newark, Dulles International near Washington D.C., Chicago's O'Hare International, and Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta. To date, the Ebola outbreak in West Africa has claimed more than 3,400 lives and infected over 7,000. Thomas Eric Duncan was the first Ebola patient in the U.S. to be diagnosed with the disease on Sept. 30 in Dallas. He died on October 8. He had only recently returned to the U.S. from Liberia. Nina Pham, 26, from Fort Worth, Texas was one of the team of medical staff who treated Thomas Duncan at the Dallas hospital before he died from the dreaded virus last week. She was confirmed on Sunday as having contracted the virus from 'patient zero' and was in a stable condition in an isolation ward on Monday. The White House has announced additional screening measures would be put in place to check passengers entering the U.S. from countries hit by Ebola . 'If we don't change our entry method and this outbreak continues to get completely out of control...it's likely to be seen in other countries,' Marty said. Marty said she had seen horrific conditions in her time in Nigeria, including open sewers, terrible pollution, and poverty, but that there were also people eager to help stamp out the epidemic. She said the real tragedy of the outbreak is that no one detected when it first started in December of 2013 then spread out from 'that little zone' until it was 'way too late.'
highlights: Dr. Aileen Marty recently returned to Miami after spending 31 days in Nigeria . Says checks upon entry are virtually non-existant . White House has ordered stricter exams starting at five major U.S. airports in Newark, New York City, Chicago, Washington D.C., and Atlanta .
id: 8aa8d3d042356a88d25ee6fb13347184858fe770
chatgpt: Miami, Florida - Dr. Aileen Marty, an infectious disease expert from Florida, recently returned to her hometown of Miami after spending a month in Nigeria. During her trip, Dr. Marty observed that the checks upon entry in Nigeria were virtually non-existent, raising concerns about the potential spread of infectious diseases from the West African nation. Dr. Marty is no stranger to the risks posed by infectious diseases, having worked on the front lines of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa in 2014. Her expertise in the field led her to Nigeria, where she was invited by the Nigerian government to assess the country's preparedness for a potential outbreak of Ebola. Upon her return to Miami, Dr. Marty expressed her concern about the lack of screening measures in place for travelers arriving from Nigeria. She called on U.S. authorities to take immediate action to strengthen border control measures to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. The White House has responded to Dr. Marty's concerns by ordering stricter examination procedures at major airports in the United States. Starting immediately, travelers arriving from Nigeria will face additional screenings at five major US airports: Newark, New York City, Chicago, Washington D.C., and Atlanta. The new measures will require travelers to undergo a questionnaire and a temperature check upon arrival. Anyone showing symptoms of infectious diseases will be taken to a separate area for further examination. The measures have been welcomed by public health officials and airlines who were concerned about the potential risk of Ebola transmission from Nigeria. Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), stated that the CDC has been working closely with Nigerian health officials to monitor the situation and provide assistance where needed. Following the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which resulted in more than 28,000 cases and 11,000 deaths, the U.S. government has taken a more proactive approach towards the prevention of infectious diseases. The White House has increased funding for public health initiatives and established the Global Health Security Agenda, which aims to strengthen health systems in developing countries and prevent the spread of infectious diseases. The new screening measures at U.S. airports are part of these efforts, and demonstrate the government's commitment to protecting public health. While the measures are likely to cause some inconvenience for travelers, they are an important step towards preventing the spread of infectious diseases and ensuring the safety of Americans. In conclusion, the recent return of Dr. Marty from Nigeria has highlighted the need for strengthened border control measures to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. The new screening measures at major US airports are a step towards achieving this goal, and demonstrate the government's commitment to public health. As the threat of pandemics continues to grow, it is imperative that proactive measures are taken to protect citizens and prevent outbreaks from occurring.