article: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is set to be out for a month after suffering a muscle injury. The 33-year-old, who has filled in at centre-half for the club, is the latest victim in a season that has been ravaged by injury. United manager Louis van Gaal revealed the news on Friday as his side prepared for a home clash with Leicester City on Saturday. Michael Carrick has been ruled out of action for a month with a muscle rupture . The Dutchman described the injury as a 'muscle rupture' and said that the England international could be out for around four weeks. Van Gaal added that there was better news surrounding winger Ashley Young. The former Aston Villa man has revelled in Van Gaal's 3-5-2 system and has been missed since tearing a hamstring in the New Year's Day draw with Stoke City. But the manager said he is now nearing full fitness, but would not be ready in time for the visit of Nigel Pearson's bottom-of-the-table Foxes. Van Gaal will be hoping United can end a run of two goals in the last three matches. But he says opponents are making it hard for his expensively assembled side. 'We have to play against teams who make the space very narrow, defending with 10 people behind the ball then it is always difficult,' he explained. Carrick's injury is just one of dozens of injuries the Manchester club have had this season . 'We have to play more quickly with high ball speed and disorganise the opponent. We have to improve our ball speed.' Van Gaal refused to blame his misfiring frontline for the problem. 'You have criticised our defence, now we have one of the best defences in the Premier League,' he said. 'Now you are talking about the attack and we are still a force in the attack. I’ve said before it’s not the defence, it’s the team organisation. The strikers have a big part in it but it is not only them.' Van Gaal added that he hoped his side would learn from the previous encounter with Leicester when United let a 3-1 lead turn into a 5-3 humbling. 'We don’t control the match even when we are three against one,' he said. 'That is happening always in football. That is also the beauty of football but as a top club you have to control a match and when you are in a good result like 3 or 2-1 you have to finish the match.' Carrick in action against Cambridge in the first leg of the FA Cup fourth round clash .
highlights: Louis van Gaal described the midfielder's injury as a muscle rupture . Michael Carrick has slotted in at centre back on occasions this season . Manchester United face Leicester City at Old Trafford on Saturday . Click here for all the latest Manchester United news .
id: 8db41be240d0bf3a6284484a0c7e9d4baad9e7b4
chatgpt: Manchester United Manager Louis van Gaal has confirmed that midfielder Michael Carrick has suffered a muscle rupture, which will keep him out of the squad for a considerable amount of time. Speaking to the press ahead of their match against Leicester City at Old Trafford, van Gaal described the injury as a major blow for the team. Carrick, having played predominantly in midfield through the season, has also slotted in at centre-back in a few matches. His absence will be felt greatly by the United faithful, making the already depleted defense line appear weaker. Manchester United has had a tough season, struggling to break into the top four of the Premier League table. With injuries to key players throughout the season, van Gaal has turned to younger players to fill in the gaps. However, injuries to experienced players like Carrick make it difficult for the team to maintain any form of consistency. The absence of Carrick will mean that van Gaal will have to choose between playing Timothy Fosu-Mensah, Cameron Borthwick-Jackson, or possibly Daley Blind in their back four. Despite the array of options available, it is highly likely that the defensive position will again be shored up by Carrick’s midfield partner, Morgan Schneiderlin, who is no stranger to playing in a defensive midfield role. Tensions will be high as Manchester United host Leicester City, who are currently the Premier League leaders. The Red Devils will be looking to avenge their 5-3 loss against the Foxes earlier in the season. Additionally, they will be seeking to get back to winning ways after their recent patch of poor form, which has put their Champions League qualification chances in doubt. The injury suffered by Carrick is a major setback for Manchester United, who are still struggling to gain momentum in their Premier League campaign. Though the experienced midfielder has not been a regular starter in most games, his presence on the field has been crucial for the team’s spine. The Old Trafford faithful will be hoping that the medical staff can make a speedy recovery of Carrick, and that the younger United players can pick up the slack and perform admirably in his absence. For all the latest news on Manchester United, fans can click here to stay up-to-date with the latest happenings surrounding the club.