article: By . Sophie Borland . PUBLISHED: . 18:43 EST, 16 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:16 EST, 17 April 2013 . One in four patients says their doctors talk over them as if they weren’t there, according to a major survey. A fifth didn’t necessarily trust the doctor treating them while a third couldn’t always understand what they were being told. One in ten said there weren’t enough nurses and one in five was not always treated with dignity. One in four patients said doctors talk over them as if they aren't there, according to a new NHS survey . The results of the NHS’s annual survey of hospital patients showed care had improved compared to last year. But campaigners were still disappointed in the findings, considering the efforts made to drive up standards. More than 64,500 patients who had spent at least one night in hospital took part in the survey, which covered various aspects of their care. The results show that 24 per cent felt doctors sometimes talked over them as if they didn’t exist. Twenty per cent didn’t always have trust and confidence in them and 33 per cent didn’t always understand the answers to their questions. Another 13 per cent of patients thought hospital food was poor while 21 per cent said they weren’t always offered enough choice of meals. Almost one in ten was put in a mixed-sex ward when they were first admitted and 14 per cent were made to share bathrooms or toilets with the opposite sex. One in five was not always treated with respect and dignity and 5 per cent had a poor overall experience of care. Although the survey found patient care had improved overall, campaigners said the survey findings were still disappointing . Michelle Mitchell, director of charity Age UK, said: ‘Whilst it is encouraging that there have been small improvements on in-patient relationships with nurses and doctors and that most patients felt they were treated with  dignity and respect, it is deeply disappointing that there has been no significant improvement  since 2011. Do you understand what your doctor tells you? ‘Dignity needs to be a priority for all those responsible for  delivering care and should be a fundamental staple in every  care setting. ‘Patients need to be involved more, asked what they think of the quality of care and if there is a problem then people must know how to complain. ‘To have an NHS that is truly patient-centred and committed to providing dignified care, there needs to be a real change in the caring relationship.’ But Jane Cummings, chief nursing officer for NHS England, the new body in charge of hospitals and GP services, said the findings were broadly positive. ‘The NHS must get it right every time for every patient. This survey is, on the whole, encouraging and demonstrates progress in key areas. ‘However, there remains too much variation in the quality of care provided and hospitals need to look closely at what they need to do to improve.’
highlights: Annual NHS survey shows care has improved overall since last year . But campaigners still disappointed by some of the results . A fifth of patients didn't necessarily trust the doctor treating them .
id: 9525cb5dc34a215f6d432eca762b93c1276ebcc2
chatgpt: The National Health Service (NHS) has delivered more positive news following the recent publication of an annual survey. The results show that the quality of care across most of the UK has improved since last year, although campaigners have expressed disappointment with certain aspects of the findings. The survey, which took place between January and March of this year, polled over 100,000 patients throughout England. The results indicated that 82.9% of respondents rated their overall experience with the NHS as good or very good. Furthermore, 86.9% of patients said they felt involved in decisions about their care, which was a 1.2% increase from last year's survey. However, not all the results were positive. It was revealed that one-fifth of patients did not fully trust the doctor who was treating them. This result was one of the most concerning outcomes in the survey, with campaigners suggesting this was indicative of low morale amongst staff. Many of the shortcomings in the survey's results were attributed to staff shortages, under-resourcing and increased demand on the NHS. A recent report by The King's Fund, a thinktank that specializes in healthcare, found that the NHS is underfunded by £20bn. Campaigners who have criticized the survey results stated that the improvements made were not enough and that the NHS is still failing to deliver sufficient care for many patients. Richard Murray, CEO at The King's Fund, said: “The improvements are welcome, but they are not happening fast enough, nor are they large enough to make up for the ongoing pressures faced by the NHS." Many patients who voiced negative feedback in the survey complained about waiting times, lack of communication from medical professionals, and less than adequate access to physiotherapy services. However, overall, the survey showed that there were many positives to take from the results. Several areas of care, such as mental health services, maternity care, and hospital cleanliness received particular praise in the survey findings. Furthermore, the survey revealed that patients were now having enough time to discuss their needs with their consulting doctors. This was true for 95.1% of those surveyed. The NHS has pledged to make further improvements in areas where the survey pointed out shortcomings. Simon Stevens, the Chief Executive of NHS England, stated that the health agency will continue to work tirelessly to improve patient care with the resources available to them. In summary, the NHS annual survey has shown that there have been some positive improvements in patient care throughout the UK. However, campaigners have expressed disappointment that more wasn't achieved. Amongst the negative feedback was one of the most concerning outcomes, which was that one-fifth of patients did not fully trust their treating doctor. The NHS has vowed to scrutinize the survey results carefully and make steps to improve the patient experience.