article: (CNN) -- Ferrari's Fernando Alonso set a blistering pace on the first practice day ahead of this weekend's Formula One Monaco Grand Prix. The Spaniard edged out McLaren's British driver Lewis Hamilton in the afternoon session after drivers' championship leader Sebastian Vettel had gone fastest for Red Bull in the morning. Alonso's quickest lap of one minute 15.123 seconds was 0.105 secs ahead of Hamilton, while Nico Rosberg was third in his Mercedes. McLaren's Jenson Button was fourth with Vettel fifth, Felipe Massa sixth and Michael Schumacher seventh. "I'm confident with the car," Alonso told reporters. "I'm happy to push and I'm pushing more and more every lap with no big surprises from the car. "Monaco is about confidence in the car and having a good set-up which enables you to brake later, to go into the corners quicker and to go closer to the wall with no big risk. At the moment the car is offering me that possibility so I'm happy." Alonso is currently fifth in the standings, 67 points behind Vettel but is showing signs of improvement after a difficult start to the season. The Spaniard showed glimpses of form at last Sunday's Spanish Grand Prix, which he led for 18 laps before finishing fifth, but was wary that his rivals would raise their game going into qualifying on Saturday. "It's only Thursday and we know that on Saturday the pressure will increase," he said. "Red Bull always test different things on Fridays and then on Saturday they are very strong so I expect them to be competitive in qualifying. This is a very unique venue so anything can happen here." Hamilton, whose victory in China is his sole success this season, trails Vettel by 41 points, but demonstrated in the afternoon session he could be a big threat to the podium this weekend. Hamilton told reporters he is a big fan of Monaco: "It is fantastic, I love this track. I've just been so excited all day. I kept it out of trouble and I'm happy with the balance of the car and our high-fuel run. "It is going to be close, though, as the Red Bull is fast and the Ferrari looks fast too. But I'm pushing and pushing, I want to win this grand prix." In the morning session Vettel's recorded a fastest lap of one minute 16.619secs with Alonso close behind. The second practice session at Monaco is on Saturday, swiftly followed by qualifying.
highlights: Fernando Alonso is fastest during practice for Sunday's Monaco Grand Prix . The Ferrari driver edged out McLaren's Lewis Hamilton with Nico Rosberg third . McLaren's Jenson Button was fourth with championship leader Sebastian Vettel fifth . Red Bull's Vettel was quickest during the morning session .
id: f54aa248e6f1688517d47a6fe73b6342d28dcfcc
chatgpt: Fernando Alonso set the pace during the second practice session for Sunday's Monaco Grand Prix. The Ferrari driver, who won the race back in 2006, edged out McLaren's Lewis Hamilton to top the timesheets. Nico Rosberg, who won in Monaco last year, finished in third place. The other McLaren driver, Jenson Button, was fourth quickest with championship leader Sebastian Vettel in fifth place. It was a closely contested session, with Alonso initially behind Hamilton on the timesheets. However, the Spaniard improved on his time in the final moments of the session to go fastest. Hamilton was less than a tenth of a second behind, with Rosberg just over two tenths behind the Ferrari driver. Button was only four tenths behind Alonso, with Vettel a further two tenths back. Red Bull's Vettel, who currently leads the championship standings, was quickest during the morning session. However, the German could only manage fifth place in the afternoon session, behind his closest title rival, Hamilton. It was a strong showing from the Ferrari team, who have struggled in recent races. Alonso was optimistic about his chances for the rest of the weekend, saying, "It's always good to start the weekend like this. We know we have a lot of work to do but this is a good start." His teammate, Felipe Massa, also had a solid session, finishing in sixth place. McLaren will be pleased with the performance of both their drivers, who finished second and fourth in the session. Hamilton, a previous winner in Monaco, will be looking to secure pole position during Saturday's qualifying session. Button, who has never won in Monaco, will also be hoping for a strong result. The Mercedes team had a mixed session, with Rosberg showing good pace but his teammate, Michael Schumacher, finishing down in 13th place. Schumacher will be looking to improve in tomorrow's final practice session. The Lotus team had a difficult session, with both drivers struggling for pace. Kimi Raikkonen finished in 16th place, while Romain Grosjean was one place behind. The Sauber team also had a mixed session, with Sergio Perez showing impressive pace to finish in eighth place. However, his teammate, Kamui Kobayashi, had a difficult session, finishing down in 19th place. Overall, it was an exciting practice session in Monaco, with plenty of close battles throughout the field. Qualifying tomorrow is likely to be just as closely contested, with the top teams and drivers all looking to secure a good grid position for Sunday's race.