article: At the start of Syria's civil unrest, Omar would rally against the government alongside his schoolmates, later taking to the streets in his hometown of Salqin. Two years later, at the age of 14, he became a child soldier, training to join the ranks of rebel group Jabhat al-Nusra. He learned how to use weapons, make bombs and use mines. But when it came to fighting on the front line, he was scared. "Then our sheikh came to encourage us to go fight and gave us speeches about jihad," Omar told Human Rights Watch. "So after two days, I went to front line." Omar is just one of many boys being used on the battlefield in Syria's civil war, according to an HRW report released Monday. Many are forced to fight in battle. Others must act as snipers, man checkpoints, spy on opposing forces or carry out other, equally dangerous tasks. Amr, 17, told Human Rights Watch that he first joined the Daoud Brigade, an Islamist rebel group, when he was 15. He later agreed to sign up for a suicide attack mission, feeling socially pressured to sign the volunteer list. Other children had also signed on, he said. With Syria entering its fourth year of civil war, grim accounts of child soldiers being used on the battlefield are now emerging. Though the specific number of child fighters in Syria is unknown, the Violations Documenting Center, a Syrian monitoring group, has documented 194 deaths of "non-civilian" male children since 2011. Of the 25 boys interviewed by HRW for the report, many reported joining opposition forces simply to follow a relative or friend. Others become opposition fighters because of circumstance -- living in battle zones or suffering at the hands of government forces. The report demands the discharge of all soldiers under the age of 18 in Syria and warns anyone backing such organizations of being potentially complicit in war crimes. It also accuses the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, a powerful jihadist group, of recruiting children through free schooling campaigns. Pro-government militias were not investigated in the HRW report, which cited logistical and security concerns. Enlisting anyone under age 18 in armed conflict is a violation of international law.
highlights: Human Rights Watch demands an end to child soldiers in Syria's civil war . The monitoring group documents 194 deaths of "non-civilian" male children since 2011 . The report demands the discharge of all soldiers under age 18 . The report, citing logistical and security concerns, did not look into pro-government militias .
id: 35c6de98be18a8d6e061ef412ea80d4ba3999b4a
chatgpt: In the midst of Syria's ongoing civil war, Human Rights Watch has issued a new report demanding an end to the use of child soldiers. The monitoring group's report documents a staggering 194 deaths of "non-civilian" male children since 2011. The report calls for the immediate discharge of all soldiers under the age of 18 who are currently serving in Syria's armed forces. While the report was not able to investigate the use of child soldiers by pro-government militias due to logistical and security concerns, it notes that some of these groups have been known to use children in combat. The use of child soldiers is widely recognized as a violation of international law, yet it continues to be a common practice in conflicts around the world. Children are often forced into armed groups or recruited voluntarily out of desperation or a lack of other options. In Syria, children as young as 9 years old have been reported to be fighting on both sides of the conflict. The use of child soldiers not only puts their lives at risk, but also robs them of their childhoods and their futures. "The use of child soldiers is a war crime, and those responsible must be held accountable," said Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch. "The Syrian government and all parties to the conflict should immediately end the use of child soldiers and ensure that all children affected by the conflict receive the protection and assistance they need." Human Rights Watch is calling on the international community to take action to end the use of child soldiers in Syria and around the world. This includes increasing support for the rehabilitation and reintegration of former child soldiers, as well as holding accountable those who recruit, train and deploy them. The report also calls for greater efforts to monitor and prevent the recruitment of child soldiers, as well as increased protection and support for children in conflict zones. This includes providing access to education, healthcare and other vital services, as well as ensuring that children are not targeted for violence or forced into armed groups. As the conflict in Syria continues to devastate the lives of millions, it is vital that the international community takes action to protect the most vulnerable among us. The use of child soldiers is a clear violation of human rights, and it must be stopped.