article: If you think golf balls don't strike twice, you'd be wrong... as a Tiger Woods fan found out in rather painful fashion yesterday. The German tourist was enjoying the final round of the World Golf Championships in Doral, Florida, when the golfing legend's opening tee shot landed squarely on his head, spurting blood over his white polo shirt. An apologetic Woods came over to the man, who had travelled thousands of mile to see his hero play, and autographed a glove hoping it would seal the end of his bad luck. Ouch! The German tourist was enjoying the final round of the World Golf Championships at the Trump National in Doral, Florida, when the golfing legend's opening tee shot landed squarely on his head . Bloody: The man, who did not want to give his name, was forced to stem the bleeding with a hanky . Funny side: But he managed to see the funny side after Woods came over to apologise . 'And I get this souvenir,' he said, almost smiling as he held up the ball. 'Sorry about that,' woods replied before handing him the signed glove. But minutes later the exact same thing happened again, forcing Woods to hand over a second signed glove with an accompanying apology. With glove: Woods then autographed a glove hoping it would seal the end of his bad luck . Not his day: Minutes later the exact same thing happened again, forcing Woods to hand over a second signed glove and its accompanying apology . Back in the buggy: Later, Woods and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn were pictured as they returned to his famous luxury yacht, Privacy, where they were staying . Lap of luxury: They stayed on the boat which was docked in Miami Beach for about a week as he usually has for the past few years when he comes to play in the annual Cadillac Championship tournament in Miami . The next question, then, wasn't could he catch eventual winner Patrick Reed, but did he have enough golf gloves in his bag? He ended the day with a six-over par 78, beating only two of the field's 68 players.
highlights: Woods was competing at the World Golf Championships in Doral, Florida . On his opening tee shot he hit German tourist on the head, drawing blood . He apologised and gave a signed glove to the man who smiled through pain . The same thing happened again on 3rd hole when Woods hit fan on shoulder . Woods finished the round with a six-over-par score, beating just two others .
id: d2b9c9126206c03f12c5796e7c5acd2b8e0c2724
chatgpt: Tiger Woods, one of the most recognized golfers in the world, opened his game at the World Golf Championships in Doral, Florida with a nasty mistake, hitting a German tourist on the head with his opening tee shot. The ball drew blood from the unfortunate tourist, but Woods quickly apologized and gave the man a signed glove. Despite the pain, the man managed to smile and seemed to take it in stride. Unfortunately, it was not the first time Woods hit someone on the course that day. On the third hole, he hit another fan, this time on the shoulder. It was an embarrassing moment for Woods, who couldn't seem to keep his shots on target. His disappointing performance continued throughout the game, finishing with a six-over-par score, beating just two other players. Woods' opening tee shot was the talk of the tournament, as it left the German tourist with a nasty wound. Luckily, the tourist's injury was not serious, and he was able to continue watching the rest of the game. Woods' signed glove was a kind gesture that many people appreciated, but the golfer was also good enough to acknowledge his mistake and apologize directly. The same thing happened on the third hole, and Woods' game was not the only thing that was off-kilter. Even so, the fan he hit was not seriously hurt, and by all accounts, was in good spirits following the incident. The ball left a nasty bruise, but the man was able to enjoy the rest of the tournament, reportedly laughing it off as an incredible story to tell. Despite his mistakes, Woods still has plenty of fans cheering him on. Many are hopeful that this was just a fluke, and that he will get back on track in the coming weeks. In the meantime, Woods' competitors will surely be feeling the pressure, knowing they have a chance to take him down while he's in a slump. All in all, it was not a great day for Tiger Woods. With two unfortunate incidents involving fans, and a poor performance on the course, the golfer has his work cut out for him to turn things around. Nevertheless, Woods remains one of the most talented golfers of all time, and his fans will no doubt continue to support him as he strives to achieve greatness once again.