article: Police have released disturbing images of an arsonist pouring inflammable liquid through the letterbox of an elderly couple and then setting the front door ablaze as they slept. The attacker can be seen calmly bending down as he pours the liquid, believed to be lighter fluid, through the letterbox while trying to hide beneath a large umbrella. He then slips to the ground on the pathway in the front garden as he makes his getaway from the house in Wallington, Surrey. Scroll down for video . The arsonist approaches the couples' house in Wallington, Surrey, trying to hide his face with a large umbrella . Luckily, the couple, who have not been named by police, had a smoke alarm and were woken. They managed to get the fire under control with an extinguisher before the flames could spread throughout the house. Despite their heroic efforts, the front door was damaged beyond repair and the walls and ceilings in the hallway were left blackened by the smoke. Sutton CID say the attack on the morning of November 1 was 'seemingly motiveless attack' and are appealing for witnesses. The blaze quickly takes hold as the brutal arsonist ignites the inflammable fuel and then makes his getaway . The cowardly arsonist then flees, still trying to hide his identity with the umbrella after setting the front door of the house in Wallington, Surrey, alight . The person in the video tried to shield his face with a large golfing unbrella as he carried out the attack. Police say the suspect is a white man who was wearing a golf-style raincoat, baggy trousers, possibly over the top of other trousers, and thick gloves. DC Emily Marshall, of Sutton CID, said: 'Please come forward if you saw a man of this description in the area...  or if you have seen anyone acting suspiciously in the area recently.' Slip: The arsonist almost tumbles to the ground as he leaves the scene of his sick attack . Before the fire could take hold and spread through the house, the two occupants were woken by their smoke alarm and managed to put the fire out . VIDEO: Man sets front door of elderly couple alight . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Arsonist targeted house of elderly couple in Surrey as they slept . He poured lighter fuel through letterbox and then calmly started blaze . Police say the attacked was  'seemingly motiveless'
id: 5bd565e14009fb89c68267d32599c0a73a6248b8
chatgpt: Residents of a quiet suburban street in Surrey were left shocked and terrified after an arson attack targeted the home of an elderly couple in the early hours of the morning. The perpetrator poured lighter fuel through the couple's letterbox before calmly setting fire to their front door. The couple, who have not been named, were asleep inside the house at the time of the attack but managed to escape unharmed thanks to the quick actions of their neighbours, who raised the alarm and helped them to safety. Police were called to the scene shortly afterwards and have launched an investigation. The attack, which is being treated as a seemingly motiveless crime, has left the community shaken and fearful, with many residents questioning whether they could be the next target. One neighbour, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "I couldn't believe it when I saw the flames coming from their house. It's terrifying to think that someone could do this to an innocent couple in their own home. I just hope the police catch whoever's responsible before they strike again." Detective Inspector Nick Bell, from Surrey Police, said: "This was a particularly callous and reckless attack, which put the lives of the elderly couple and their neighbours in danger. We are doing everything we can to identify the person responsible and bring them to justice." "Officers are currently carrying out door-to-door enquiries in the local area and we'd urge anyone who saw anything suspicious in the early hours of this morning to come forward and speak to us." The attack has also sparked calls for greater investment in community policing and support for vulnerable and elderly residents. Local councillor John Smith said: "This is a deeply concerning incident and our thoughts are with the couple at this difficult time. We need to do more to protect our most vulnerable residents and ensure that our communities are safe and secure." Residents have been urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the police. Meanwhile, the elderly couple are said to be receiving support from their family and friends as they come to terms with what could have been a devastating tragedy.