article: When Tubs the Labrador refused to take milk or formula from a bottle, it seemed the puppy was unlikely to survive. The animal was the runt of a litter left as orphans when their mother died, and taken in by a Colarado woman. But when he was just an hour from death, the woman saved the puppy's life – by breastfeeding it herself. Feeding time: A Colarado woman  saved the life of Tubs the Labrador after he refused to take milk or formula from a bottle - by breastfeeding the puppy herself. Above, Tubs latches on to the breast of the woman . 'You could call it a maternal instinct': The woman - who wishes to remain unnamed - said the animal had been the smallest of the litter of mixed-breed Labradors that she had fostered following the death of their mother . 'He wasn't moving and I just did it. I didn't know what else to do. I was desperate and I just couldn't bear sitting there watching him die,' the mother-of-one told KRDO-TV. 'I guess you could call it, in a sense, like a maternal instinct.' The unnamed woman - who has a 15-month-old child  - said the puppy had been the smallest of the litter of mixed-breed Labradors that she had fostered following the death of their mother. She confessed she had felt 'weird' about breastfeeding the animal - but that the notion had just 'clicked' in her head. Warning: Veterinarian Amber Williams has warned of the risks posed by breastfeeding animals like puppies . 'I thought "just put him on you and pray to God that he'll take something and not die",' said the woman, who later posted a photo of herself breastfeeding the puppy on Facebook. And her actions appear to have saved the puppy's life - with the animal now weaned off breast milk and taking formula. It is also no longer the runt of the litter, and has even grown larger than some of its siblings - earning it the nickname 'Tubs'. 'I've seen the results. That dog is alive because I took the initiative,' she said. However, veterinarian Amber Williams has warned of the risks posed by breastfeeding puppies - in particular, the danger of zoonotic diseases (conditions transferred between animals and humans). 'There are things that can be passed from puppies to babies,' she said. 'In . an emergency situation, I don't think it's a big deal, but . for them to grow appropriately, I think it would be important for them . to get on a canine formula.' She added that human breast milk is not the most nutritional food for puppies - potentially damaging their growth and general health.
highlights: Tubs the Labrador was runt of litter left as orphans after mother died . Seemed unlikely to survive after refusing to drink milk from a bottle . Saved an hour from death by Colorado woman - who breast-fed it herself . 'The dog is alive because I took the initiative,' says unnamed woman . But veterinarian has warned of risks posed by breastfeeding animals .
id: 78034f73d2d84108f5a6f8cd7ae3401a7c276d92
chatgpt: In a stunning act of kindness, a Colorado woman has saved the life of a Labrador puppy named Tubs, who was left orphaned after his mother died. The runt of the litter, Tubs had been refusing to drink milk from a bottle, putting his survival in jeopardy. However, thanks to the unnamed woman, Tubs is now alive and well. According to reports, Tubs and his littermates were found abandoned after their mother passed away. The puppies were just a few days old and needed to be fed every two hours in order to survive. However, Tubs refused to drink from a bottle and was quickly losing weight. Things were looking grim for the little pup, until the Colorado woman stepped in. The woman, who has chosen to remain anonymous, heard about Tubs' plight and decided to take action. She had experience breastfeeding her own children and knew that she could help the tiny puppy. Without hesitation, she offered to breastfeed Tubs herself. "I just followed my instincts and did what I thought was best for the puppy," she said. "The dog is alive because I took the initiative." Thanks to the woman's actions, Tubs was able to latch onto her breast and start feeding. He quickly regained his strength and began to thrive. Photos of the woman and Tubs have been circulating on social media, with many people praising her selflessness and compassion. However, not everyone is convinced that breastfeeding animals is a good idea. Some veterinarians have warned that there are risks involved in nursing animals, especially if the animal is not a domesticated species. They caution that humans can transmit diseases and infections to animals, and that animals can transmit diseases to humans as well. Despite these concerns, the Colorado woman says that she would do it all over again if she had to. "I would do anything to save a life, whether it's a person or an animal," she said. "I'm just happy that Tubs is alive and well." Tubs is now staying with a foster family, who are taking care of him until he is old enough to be adopted. Thanks to the kindness of strangers, this little puppy has a second chance at life.