article: (CNN) -- Argentina's Juan Martin Del Potro made a disappointing comeback from injury at the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Tuesday, where he was defeated 7-6 6-4 by Olivier Rochus of Belgium in the opening round. The 22-year-old has not played on the ATP Tour since losing in the fourth round of the Australian Open in January, after sustaining a wrist injury which has seen the former world number four slip to 36 in the world rankings. But despite serving 16 aces during the match, the 2009 U.S. Open champion's return to the game was cut short by world number 78 Rochus in just under two hours. A foot shorter than his two-meter, Rochus came through a close first set and a break down in the second to book his place in the second round of south-east Asian tournament where he will play Kazakhstani Mikhail Kukushkin. After the match fifth seed Del Potro was full of praise for his victor and said he was just happy to be playing again despite the loss. "I played a good match," Del Potro told the official ATP website. "I had my chances in the first-set tie-break and he played some great points. He served very good, which was important on this kind of surface. He played very well today. "I'm just happy to be back on the circuit and I hope I get better and better." The result opens up the draw for world number one Rafael Nadal, who would have faced Del Potro in the quarterfinal. The Spaniard will be playing in the tournament for the first time, after arriving in the Thai capital on Tuesday. The newly crowned U.S. Open champion will face Belgian qualifier Ruben Bemelmans in a second round match on Wednesday. Meanwhile in Tuesday's other first round matches, Germany's Rainer Schuttler defeated Brazil's Ricardo Mello, Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain beat German Michael Berrer, and world number 13 Jarkko Nieminen saw off home favorite Danai Udomchoke.
highlights: Juan Martin Del Potro loses on comeback to tennis after wrist injury . Argentine ace was playing first match since Australian Open in January . Belgium's Olivier Rochus beats Del Potro in straight sets in Thailand . World number one Rafael Nadal begins his campaign in Bangkok Wednesday .
id: 169dc376ac54240e52683830a0054f48af4ba5c4
chatgpt: Argentine tennis player Juan Martin Del Potro made his emotional comeback to the sport on Tuesday, but it wasn't the triumphant return he had hoped for. The former US Open champion was defeated in straight sets by Belgium's Olivier Rochus in the first round of Thailand Open, where he was playing his first match since the Australian Open in January.  Del Potro, who had been plagued with wrist injuries throughout his career, was forced to miss several major tournaments this year to undergo surgery to his left wrist in June. The 28-year-old had worked hard to regain his fitness and make his comeback, but his lack of match practice showed as he struggled to find his rhythm against Rochus. The Belgian, who is ranked outside the top 100, took advantage of Del Potro's rustiness to win the first set 6-3. The second set was more closely contested, but again Rochus came out on top, winning it 7-5 to secure the match in just over an hour and a half. Despite the loss, Del Potro was grateful to be back on the court, thanking his fans for their support. "I'm happy to be back playing tennis. It's a long way to get better, to get 100% physically and mentally. I'm trying to focus on the tennis court and that's important for me," he said. Meanwhile, world number one Rafael Nadal began his campaign in Bangkok on Wednesday, starting with a first-round bye. The Spaniard will play his first match against the winner of the match between fellow countryman Daniil Medvedev and Serbian Dusan Lajovic. Nadal, who won the US Open earlier this month, is aiming to extend his lead at the top of the world rankings and add to his impressive haul of Grand Slam titles. The 31-year-old has won 16 majors so far, just three behind Roger Federer's all-time record of 19. The Thailand Open is Nadal's first tournament since his triumph in New York, and he is hoping to continue his rich vein of form as he looks ahead to the remainder of the season.