article: Arsenal need to sign Real Madrid's Sami Khedira in January if they want to win the Premier League this season, according to former midfielder Robert Pires. Pires knows what it takes to win the title having won the Premier League twice during his time with the Gunners. And the Frenchman – who has just signed for Goa FC in the newly formed Indian Super League – believes Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger needs a dominant midfielder. Sami Khedira could be the ideal signing for Arsenal, according to former midfielder Robert Pires . Khedira helped Germany win the World Cup in Brazil this summer . Pires told The Daily Telegraph: ‘He [Wenger] needs a big player in the middle, like (Patrick) Vieira, strong, tall, because this position is very important for the balance between attack and defence. ‘The quality is there but you need more, maybe [someone] like Yaya Toure. He reminds me of Patrick Vieira, maybe they have an opportunity with Khedira. ‘It is likely in the January window. He played very well with Germany. My advice is if he can buy Khedira he can be the [new] Vieira, more aggression in the middle. Pires (2nd left) played for Arsenal with Patrick Vieira (left) when they last won the title back in 2004 . ‘He has a lot of experience. When you play in the middle you need experience, especially when your midfield is young like Arsenal's.’ Khedira's contract at Madrid runs out next year and Arsenal could snap up the World Cup winner for around £10million in January. Arsenal have not won the Premier League since 2003-04 when Pires was part of the side that went the whole season unbeaten. Wenger’s side are currently eighth in the table after seven games and are nine points behind leaders Chelsea. VIDEO Ozil out for up to 12 weeks with knee injury .
highlights: Sami Khedira's Real Madrid contract is up next summer . The German midfielder could be sold during the January transfer window . Robert Pires says Arsenal need to sign a dominant midfielder to win the title . Ex-Arsenal star Pires has moved to the Indian Super League with Goa FC .
id: cfe3110f717aa344c74162db3d0a75b79c184acf
chatgpt: German midfielder Sami Khedira's contract with Real Madrid is set to expire next summer, and rumors are swirling that he may be sold during the upcoming January transfer window. Despite his impressive performances in previous seasons, Khedira has fallen out of favor in recent years, and his departure may free up some space on the team's payroll. In light of Khedira's uncertain future, former Arsenal star Robert Pires has spoken out about the team's need for a dominant midfielder if they hope to win the Premier League title. Pires, who has recently moved to the Indian Super League with Goa FC, knows a thing or two about what it takes to win at the highest level, having been part of the Arsenal squad that clinched the title in the 2003-2004 season. "Arsenal need to sign a dominant midfielder," Pires said in an interview with ESPN. "Someone who can control the tempo of the game, win battles in the midfield and link up effectively with the attack. I think that's the missing piece of the puzzle. If they can find that player, then they will have a great chance of winning the title." Pires' comments come as no surprise, as Arsenal have struggled in recent seasons to find a midfield combination that works. The team has been plagued by injuries and inconsistent form from players like Granit Xhaka and Lucas Torreira, and there is a feeling that they simply do not have the quality needed to compete with some of the league's top teams. With Khedira potentially on the market, Arsenal may have an opportunity to address their midfield issues. The German international has a wealth of experience at the highest level, having won four Champions League titles with Real Madrid and the World Cup with Germany. While he may not be the dominant midfielder that Pires is calling for, he would certainly bring some much-needed quality and depth to the Arsenal squad. Whether or not Arsenal are able to secure Khedira's services remains to be seen, but one thing is clear: if they hope to contend for the title this season, they will need to bolster their midfield. For now, fans will have to wait and see what moves the club makes during the upcoming transfer window.