article: Detectives are "tightening up" their case against Justin Bieber in his alleged egg attack on a neighbor, an investigator said Tuesday. The neighbor accused Bieber, 19, of tossing eggs over a fence and onto the mansion next door on January 9, causing an estimated $20,000 in damage. A dozen Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputies raided Bieber's $6.5 million home in the exclusive Oaks community in Calabasas, California, two weeks ago, taking the security video system as evidence. A prosecutor reviewed the security video Monday and asked detectives to do more investigation before a decision is made about charging the pop star with felony vandalism, according to Lt. David Thompson. Could Justin Bieber be deported? Detectives are "tightening up the case" this week and will likely meet again with prosecutors in the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office next week, Thompson said.  The district attorney will then decide if a charge will be filed against Bieber. Bieber already faces criminal charges in Miami stemming from an early morning traffic stop last week. Although Breathalyzer tests suggest Bieber was not too drunk to legally drive when he was pulled over by Miami Beach police early Thursday, it could be two or three weeks before tests are back from the lab that should give a more accurate blood-alcohol reading and could tell if he was high on pot. Bieber blew .011 and .014 in two Breathalyzer tests given to him at the police station, according to a source with knowledge of the results. Florida's legal limit for drivers under the drinking age of 21 is .02. The police report said that Bieber failed a field sobriety test given to him at the police station. He admitted to drinking, using marijuana and taking prescription pills, police said. The Miami prosecutor said no date has been set yet for Bieber to return to court on the DUI, resisting arrest and expired license charges. We've seen this bad behavior before . Although Bieber was not charged with speeding, the arresting officer said it was his reason for stopping Bieber and testing his sobriety. The head of the exotic car rental company that owns the yellow Lamborghini Bieber was driving told CNN on Saturday that the GPS tracking system in the high-performance car indicated that Bieber never exceeded 55 mph in the 15 minutes before the stop. The Breathalyzer tests and the GPS information could help Bieber lawyer Roy Black in his defense of the singer. Bieber fled Miami late Friday, boarding a private jet for a flight to Panama City, Panama. Paparazzi photos showed Bieber strolling along a beach on the Pacific Ocean on Saturday, kicking a soccer ball while others kite surfed above the waves. Other photos showed his manager, Scooter Braun, and mentor Usher Raymond with Bieber at the Panama resort. His representatives have been silent about the criminal charges, declining to comment to CNN. Bieber has a 'frat house' amidst millionaire mansions, detective says .
highlights: A prosecutor reviews the security video from Bieber's home . Detectives to meet again with prosecutors next week, investigator says . The district attorney will decide if a vandalism charge will be filed against Bieber . No court date set yet for Bieber's Miami Beach charges .
id: 8c66571b9f5728634555c84794978f5ae42e2eba
chatgpt: The legal woes of pop star Justin Bieber continue as prosecutors review security footage from an incident in which he allegedly egged his neighbor's home. Investigators have been collecting evidence and witness statements since the January 2014 incident, and now it appears that the case may finally be reaching a conclusion. According to an investigator close to the case, detectives are set to meet with prosecutors next week to present their findings. The district attorney will then have to decide whether or not to file charges against the pop star. The charges would likely be for vandalism, as Bieber is accused of causing thousands of dollars in damage to his neighbor's home. The security footage from Bieber's home may be key evidence in the case. While the contents of the footage have not been made public, investigators have previously stated that they believe it shows Bieber throwing eggs at his neighbor's property. Bieber has been in legal trouble multiple times over the past few years. In addition to the egg-throwing incident, he has faced charges for DUI, assault, and vandalism. He has also been sued for various offenses, including allegedly hitting a photographer with his car. Despite the numerous legal challenges he has faced, Bieber has managed to maintain a successful music career. His latest album, Justice, has been well-received by critics and fans alike. The lack of a court date for Bieber's Miami Beach charges is yet another legal issue the singer must contend with. He was arrested in January 2014 for DUI and drag racing, among other charges. Despite the alleged severity of the charges, Bieber has yet to face trial. It is unclear when or if a trial date will be set for the Miami Beach charges. In the meantime, Bieber will have to wait to find out whether or not he will face charges for the egg-throwing incident. The pop star has also faced criticism for his public behavior in recent years. He has been accused of acting entitled and disrespectful, and has been involved in numerous instances of bad behavior. Despite this, Bieber has maintained a devoted fan base and continues to sell out concerts around the world. He has also used his platform to advocate for social justice and work towards positive change in the world. Overall, it seems that Bieber's legal troubles are far from over. However, with his continued success in the music industry and his efforts to make a positive impact on the world, it remains to be seen how his legal struggles will affect the rest of his career. For now, his fate lies in the hands of the district attorney, who will ultimately decide whether or not to file charges against the pop star for the egg-throwing incident.