article: By . Chris Hastings . James Bond has entered into mortal combat with some of the world’s most dangerous criminals on countless occasions – yet always beats the odds and walks away with his life. Now one eagle-eyed fan has calculated the exact probability of 007 dodging death so many times – and come to the conclusion he should have died years ago. Gordon Stanger worked out that the spy had been shot at a staggering 4,662 times since the first film, Dr No, in 1962. Death defying: Daniel Craig, pictured in 2006's Casino Royale, is one of several Bonds to have improbably dodged death over the years . The survival of James Bonds like Piers Brosnan is all the more surprising given the spy normally, unlike this picture, finds himself unarmed when faced with death . He then estimated there was a 5 per cent chance of the spy being fatally wounded on each occasion. Expressed mathematically, this means the chance of Bond not getting killed is 1.4 x 10 to the power of minus 104, or in Mr Stanger’s words, ‘as close to zero as makes no difference’. When you take into account the 130 other attempts on Bond’s life that did not involve being shot at, the chances of him surviving are even slimmer. There have been 22 official Bond movies and the attempts on 007’s life have grown increasingly sinister. In the 1964 film Goldfinger, Bond was handcuffed to a ticking bomb and strapped to a table underneath a giant laser. Mr Stanger estimates that over the years James Bond (played by Roger Moore, left, and Sean Connery, right) has killed 198 of his enemies in the films . When the agent asks: ‘Do you expect me to talk?’ the film’s eponymous villain replies: ‘No, Mr Bond, I expect you to die.’ Bond’s survival rate is even more staggering when you consider he is rarely armed when he finds himself in a fight to the death. His survival is often due to his use of household appliances, such as lamps or abandoned objects. Mr Stanger, who lives in the Solomon Islands, also estimates that Britain’s most famous agent has killed 198 of his enemies in the films. Mr Stanger constructed his formula after New Scientist magazine asked its readers to work out what was the probability of Bond still being alive. The 23rd Bond film, Skyfall, which will star Daniel Craig, Dame Judi Dench and Naomie Harris, is currently being filmed.
highlights: Chance of Bond not being killed over the years is 'as close to zero as makes no difference' Britain's most famous spy has killed 198 of his enemies over the 22 official films .
id: 2f32cfc22495db05d462f613dbbd36152799e48c
chatgpt: Since the first James Bond film was released in 1962, 007 has been thrilling audiences with his breathtaking stunts, quick wit, and of course, his signature charm. But as much as fans love the suave spy, his dangerous line of work means that his chances of survival are always slim. And according to a recent analysis, the odds of Bond making it out of his missions unscathed are "as close to zero as makes no difference." Over the 22 official Bond films, the iconic secret agent has dispatched 198 of his enemies, ranging from common thugs to mad scientists to global terrorists. While Bond has proven time and again that he can outsmart and outfight even the most dangerous villains, his impressive kill count also underscores the inherent danger of his job. And while Bond may be fictional, the high stakes of espionage and counterterrorism are all too real. Despite his many triumphs, Bond has faced his fair share of near-death experiences. From dodging gunfire to narrowly escaping explosions, the spy has always managed to keep his cool under pressure. But with each mission, the risks only increase - and Bond's chances of survival dwindle. So why does Bond continue to put himself in harm's way? Part of the answer lies in his unwavering commitment to his country and his duty. As a member of MI6, Bond is always on call to protect Britain from its enemies, both foreign and domestic. And though the toll of his job may be high, Bond knows that the safety and security of his country and its citizens depend on his skills and bravery. Of course, the other reason Bond continues to risk his life on a regular basis is simply because it makes for great entertainment. Fans of the series have come to expect heart-stopping action sequences, elaborate heists, and plenty of clever one-liners from the suave spy. And while audiences may root for Bond to succeed, they also know that any one of his missions could be his last. But does Bond's high mortality rate mean that the franchise is doomed to end in tragedy? Not necessarily. After all, Bond is nothing if not resourceful, and he's proven time and again that he can overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles. And even in the face of danger, Bond always manages to keep his signature sense of style and grace - making him one of the most iconic and enduring characters in cinema history. As for the future of the Bond franchise, fans can only speculate on what's to come. With a new actor taking on the role of 007 and rumors of new villains and allies abound, the only certainty is that Bond's life will remain as precarious as ever. But for those who love the thrill of the chase and the drama of international espionage, there's no better hero than James Bond - even if his odds of survival are as close to zero as makes no difference.