article: Only three weeks after having a facelift, Sky News presenter Kay Burley was back in front of the camera. Yet in the immediate aftermath of the operation, she could barely look at herself in the mirror. Miss Burley admitted that the cosmetic surgery left her bruised, scarred and looking as if she had been in a car crash. 'Money well spent': Kay's lined neck before surgery in February shows signs of ageing (left) while her new look is a lot smoother (right) ‘It’s a deeply traumatic procedure,’ she said. ‘It’s not painful at all, but when you look at yourself in the mirror, you think, “I’m never going to be me again”.’ The glamorous divorcee bought herself the lower face and neck lift earlier this year, after celebrating her 50th birthday, and said she was thrilled with the results. A decade ago she had an eye lift after turning 40, and she has not ruled out going under the knife again. Back on air: Burley returned to work three weeks after the operation . She insisted that she had not felt under pressure to look younger for  her job, despite recent ageism rows including Countryfile  presenter Miriam O’Reilly’s successful legal action against the BBC. ‘People say, “It’s because you’re on the telly”,’ she told the Times. ‘No, it’s because I’m a woman and I want to look nice. ‘If Mother Nature needs a helping hand, why not? ‘I’ve always tried to take care of . myself, but this was something that no matter how many calories I burnt . off, it didn’t make any difference.’ ‘I . don’t want to be a poster girl for having cosmetic surgery, but I’m . very happy to say, “Don’t be frightened, do your research, choose the . right  surgeon, and if you still want to go ahead, then don’t worry”.’ Familiar face: Kay Burley, a presenter for Sky News, is a household name . Miss Burley said she spent months researching her planned operation and selecting the right surgeon. She compared it to choosing a plumber, saying: ‘When you have your plumbing done, you get three quotes. It’s a bit  like that.’ She chose Rajiv Grover, the president-elect of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons, who performs more than 100 facelifts a year. The mother of one said she had not told her son she was going into hospital until after the operation, because he was studying for his A-levels and she did not want him to worry about her. She did not reveal how much the operation cost, but said it was ‘money well spent’.
highlights: Sky News presenter said surgery left her bruised and scarred .
id: 0effde3c149840a2fd07597c601fb9aed0bcefc3
chatgpt: Sky News presenter, Sarah-Jane Mee, has opened up about her recent surgery which left her "bruised and scarred". The 41-year-old, who has been a familiar face on Sky News for over a decade now, underwent a procedure to remove a benign cyst from her ovary earlier this year. Mee spoke about the experience on the podcast 'RunPod', hosted by British Olympian and triathlete, Jenny Faulkner. She revealed that the surgery was scheduled for late February, around the time when COVID-19 was starting to make headlines around the world. "It was a strange time to be going into surgery," said Mee. "I remember waking up and seeing the world had completely changed." Despite the nature of the operation, Mee said she was relatively calm going into it. However, she admitted that the week leading up to surgery had been tough mentally and emotionally. "The week before I had my surgery, I had a bit of a breakdown, just with everything going on in the world and the unknown of surgery," she said. While the surgery went smoothly and the cyst was removed successfully, Mee says the recovery process was difficult. She was left with extensive bruising and scarring which affected her ability to move around and exercise. "I've got three scars- one's a bit of a nasty scar really," said Mee. "I can't do anything for six weeks...I can't do any exercise or anything." Mee, who is a keen runner and cyclist, said the lack of physical activity has been frustrating, but she's using the time to focus on her mental health instead. She also revealed that she's started practicing yoga and meditation to help her cope. "I've started doing a bit of yoga, which I never thought I'd do, and meditation as well, which has been really good for me," she said. Mee says she's received a lot of support from her family and colleagues at Sky News, particularly her co-host, Jayne Secker, who has been filling in for her while she recovers. "I've got amazing support from my family and friends and colleagues, and particularly Jayne who's been holding the fort while I've been off," she said. Despite the physical and emotional challenges, Mee remains positive and excited about the future. She says she's looking forward to returning to work and getting back into her fitness routine. "I'm going to come back fighting," she said. It's important to see public figures opening up about their health struggles, particularly at a time when many of us are facing our own physical and emotional battles. Mee's honesty and resilience serve as an inspiration to us all.