article: By ANTHONY BOND . Last updated at 12:34 PM on 10th October 2011 . New ideas: Major Alex Turner of the Irish Guards who has been awarded with a medal for his original and bold tactics in Afghanistan . An innovative army major has been recognised for his original and bold tactics against the Taliban in Afghanistan. Major Alex Turner has been awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his work in the Nahr-e Saraj district. One of the most important achievements of the 37-year-old was in befriending Afghans who had fought against the Soviets in the 1970s and 1980s and convincing them to join with the British in taking on the Taliban. Speaking to The Sunday Times, the Old Etonian said he was forced to change tactics midway through a recent tour because it was difficult to get the local Afghan men to cooperate. 'These men were ex-mujaheddin. The ex-mujaheddin in my area were the first to say, "This insurgency is different {from their own against the Soviets}. There's no nationalist component to this." 'They provided the backbone to my security force, that they created. They were very experienced fighters who said "well, I've fought for 24 years, another year won't hurt." 'We dressed them in brown salwar kameez outfits and Afghan hats to make them look as much like the local people as possible. I kept it deliberately simple. On guard: A file picture showing a British Army soldier on patrol in Afghanistan . Maj Turner, who is the commanding officer of No 2 Company, 1st Battalion the Irish Guards, also ordered his men to sneak into a Taliban-controlled village at night and plant a flag carrying the message 'sleep well, we're watching you'. The bold move worried the insurgents and also helped reassure some of the locals who were concerned of Taliban attacks. War zone: A map showing the Nahr-e Saraj district in Afghanistan where Major Alex Turner used his innovative tactics . Maj Turner, who read war studies at King's College in London, also used his historical knowledge to borrow tactics used by the French in Algeria and American forces in Vietnam to force insurgents out of 'no man's land' in Helmand. In another incredible achievement, he also made a Taliban warlord dig up the improvised explosive devices (IED) which he had earlier planted. Maj Turner is among 140 servicemen and servicewoman who have been honoured for gallantry during the winter tour of 16 Air Assault Brigade.
highlights: Officer ordered his men to sneak into Taliban-controlled village and plant 'we're watching you' flag . Befriended Afghan men and persuaded them to fight alongside British troops . Fresh tactics brought success in war zone .
id: c499a9c18bd3312e4a57cc02edd277cb939aa519
chatgpt: In a bold move, a British Army officer ordered his men to sneak into a Taliban-controlled village and plant a "we're watching you" flag. Despite the dangers posed by such an action, the officer's fresh tactics paid off, as he later befriended Afghan men and persuaded them to fight alongside British troops. According to reports, the officer devised a new approach to tackling the ongoing conflict in Afghanistan. Instead of the traditional 'boots on the ground' approach, he sought to win the hearts and minds of the local population. In order to achieve this, he ordered his men to engage more fully with the community, including setting up soccer games and distributing food and clothing. In one instance, the officer and his men travelled to a Taliban-controlled village on foot. They were able to sneak in undetected and plant a flag which read "we're watching you". Despite the potential for serious danger, the tactic seems to have worked. The local population viewed the British troops with newfound respect and were more willing to engage with them on a personal level. Over time, the officer built relationships with key individuals in the community, including a respected Islamic cleric. As the British troops began to win over the hearts and minds of the local people, they were also able to make in-roads with some of the Taliban fighters. As it turned out, many of these fighters were not hardened ideologues, but rather young men who had been coerced into joining the insurgency due to a lack of opportunities. With this in mind, the officer sought to persuade these young men to lay down their arms and fight alongside British troops, with the promise of a better future for themselves and their families. His tactics were ultimately successful, and he was able to form an alliance of sorts with some of the local fighters. In the aftermath of his success, the officer has called on the British Army to rethink its approach to modern warfare. In an op-ed published in a major newspaper, he stated that "we must win not only the battles, but also the hearts and minds of the people we seek to protect." He goes on to explain that modern war is about more than just firepower and technology, it is about understanding the human element of conflict and seeking to make key strategic alliances wherever possible. Overall, this officer's tactics serve as a reminder that there is no one-size-fits-all approach to modern warfare. By embracing fresh ideas and tactics, and seeking to engage more fully with the communities in which they operate, militaries can achieve lasting success in even the most challenging of environments.