article: Nicholas Sparks, known for penning powerful novels about enduring love, is splitting from his wife of 25 years - the woman who inspired many of his books. The author, who has written 17 romantic novels including Hollywood hit 'The Notebook', revealed the decision to People magazine, but insisted that he remains close friends with his wife Cathy. 'This is, of course, not a decision we've made lightly,' he told the magazine. 'We remain close friends with deep respect for each other and love for our children. For our children's sake, we regard this as a private matter.' The couple has three sons and twin daughters, ranging in age from 12 to 23. Scroll down for video . Split: Nicholas Sparks and his wife Cathy, pictured in February 2013, have announced they are splitting after 25 years of marriage. In a statement, Sparks said he continues to have a deep respect for Cathy . Sparks has long credited his wife, a former lending-company account executive, as being key to his success, telling eHarmony in 2012: 'All of the female characters I create have many elements of my wife.' In the interview, he explained that he was on spring break in Florida while at Notre Dame business school when he met Cathy on a Monday night. 'On Tuesday night, I told her that we would get married,' he said. The couple married in 1989 - seven years before The Notebook made him a star. He has written 17 romantic novels, including nine that have been made into movies, such as Dear John, A Walk to Remember and Message in a Bottle. Family: The couple, who met on college spring break and married in 1989, have three sons and twin daughters, aged between 12 and 23. They are pictured with three of their children in April 2012 . Hit novel: Sparks has written 17 romantic novels, including The Notebook, which was made into a 2004 film starring Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams (pictured) While he has mastered romantic tales, he previously told People magazine that he is reluctant to give out marriage tips. 'There are people who are probably much better at marriage than I am – they've lasted a lot longer,' he said in 2003. 'I could probably learn from them.' Two years ago, the couple said in another interview with the magazine that they focused on putting their relationship first and made sure they would take walks alone. 'We try to go on vacations alone,' Cathy added. 'You need to leave alone. You have to make the effort to leave, take the time. Just go and have fun alone. We do it a few times a year.'
highlights: Sparks has revealed that he and his wife Cathy have separated . The couple, who met on spring break while in college, married in 1989 and have five children together, aged between 12 and 23 . Sparks has penned 17 romantic novels, including nine that have been made into films, such as The Notebook and A Walk to Remember . He once said that all of his female characters had elements of his wife .
id: 18a75a5511d515d045daf445fb6657a7bcc2a4a9
chatgpt: Nicholas Sparks, the beloved author of many romantic novels, has announced that he and his wife Cathy have sadly decided to separate. The couple, who have been together since meeting on spring break during their college years, had been married for 28 years. The couple has five children, whose ages range between 12 and 23 years. Sparks has become famous for his heartwarming stories that tug at the heartstrings of book-reading romantics worldwide. He has penned a total of 17 novels, nine of which have been adapted into films. Among his most popular works are "The Notebook" and "A Walk to Remember."  The famous romance novelist has often spoken about his personal life and how it influenced his creative process. He once revealed that his wife Cathy was the inspiration behind many of the female characters in his books. According to Sparks, his wife's qualities were the basis for the personalities of the women in his novels. Sparks is known for his sentimental and passionate writing, which is no surprise given the inspiration behind his work. As his novels' popularity grew, so did his reputation, and the author is now considered one of the most successful romance writers in the world. In a statement announcing his separation from Cathy, Sparks explained that the decision was mutual and that they had both agreed that it was the best course of action. The author also requested privacy during this difficult time for himself and his family. Fans of Sparks and his writing are saddened by the news of the couple's separation. Many took to social media to share their admiration for the author's work while expressing concern for the well-being of Sparks and his family. Some even speculated about how the separation might impact the author's future work, wondering if it would take a more melancholic tone, or if he would continue to create romantic masterpieces. In conclusion, the news of Nicholas Sparks and his wife Cathy's separation has shocked the romantic novel reading community. The couple had been together since their college days and had a family of five children. Sparks, who credits his wife as the inspiration for many of his literary characters, has become a household name for his heartwarming stories. His millions of fans around the world will surely be waiting to see what the future holds for the beloved author.