article: (CNN) -- Now it's about family. A new heartbreaker television ad from the Democratic candidate looking to wrest Mitch McConnell from his perch atop the Republican Party in the Senate makes Medicare a gut issue. The ad describes the struggle of Alison Lundergan Grimes' grandmother after her husband's stroke. "My husband was a strong person, but the stroke just took everything away," says Grimes' grandmother, Elise Case, in the ad. "I remember that day, when my mom called. The world stopped," said Grimes. Grimes' new ad costs six figures, is 60 seconds long and airs statewide in Kentucky Thursday, days after a six-figure ad broadcast by McConnell, the Senate Minority Leader. That ad pinged Grimes for supporting Obamacare. "Grimes twice supported Obama's platform for Obamacare," says the narrator in McConnell's latest, which is a response to Grimes' earlier skeet-shooting attack. Grimes has in the past criticized McConnell's votes to defund the Affordable Care Act. Focusing on Medicare pulls at different heartstrings, however, and can cause a limited group of voters to abandon normal political alliances, a tactic especially helpful in the tight race between Grimes and McConnell. "My grandfather was a proud man," says Grimes in her latest ad, entitled, "A Proud Man," which is interspersed with old photographs of her grandfather and grandmother. He "didn't want to ask for help, but they needed it," she says. For 10 years the Case family struggled to afford medicine when Grimes' grandfather was left unable to work or speak after the stroke. "We scrimped and saved, because suddenly our finances were going for medical bills," said Case. Grimes has attacked McConnell on Medicare before, bashing a McConnell vote on Medicare that she said cost a coal miner a $6,000 increase in medical bills. And she has featured her family in at least one political ad while running for secretary of state in 2011. That ad, which featured both of Grimes' grandmothers, was widely credited for her 61% victory in that race. Grimes' father, Jerry Lundergan, is a political bigwig in Kentucky; a former Kentucky Democratic Party chairman with close ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton. In her current political ad with family, Grimes said, "Sen. McConnell has voted over and over again to raise seniors Medicare costs. I'll never do that," then she hugged her grandmother and approved the message. McConnell hits back against Grimes' skeet-shooting ad .
highlights: Alison Grimes' ad features family to attack Mitch McConnell on Medicare . Grimes' grandmother talks about her husband's stroke in the ad . Her family was also featured in an ad during Grimes' 2011 campaign .
id: 5654515cfa6940919a7978e3fb6a2f85a66b7f6b
chatgpt: Democratic senatorial candidate Alison Grimes has released a new ad targeting Republican opponent Mitch McConnell's stance on Medicare. The ad features Grimes' family, including her grandmother, who speaks about her husband's stroke and their reliance on Medicare for his healthcare needs. Grimes' grandmother, Elsie Case, describes how her husband's stroke left them with a hospital bill of over $90,000, but that Medicare covered most of the cost. She then goes on to criticize McConnell for his support of privatizing Medicare, which she fears would leave seniors vulnerable to soaring healthcare costs. This is not the first time that Grimes' family has been featured in her campaign ads. In 2011, during her campaign for Kentucky Secretary of State, Grimes released an ad that highlighted the importance of public education. The ad featured her mother, father and two sisters, who all attested to the role that public schools played in their lives.  Grimes' latest ad could prove to be effective in swaying senior voters, who are particularly concerned about Medicare. McConnell has long been a proponent of privatizing Medicare, arguing that it is necessary to rein in the program's costs. However, this position has made him vulnerable to attacks from opponents who argue that privatization would leave seniors with little recourse for affordable healthcare. In response to Grimes' ad, McConnell's campaign has accused her of misleading voters about his position on Medicare. They have pointed out that McConnell has proposed a number of alternatives to Medicare, including a voucher program that would allow seniors to purchase private insurance plans. McConnell's campaign has argued that such an approach would give seniors more freedom to choose healthcare providers and would also help to control costs. The battle for the Kentucky senate seat is shaping up to be one of the most closely-watched contests of the 2014 elections. McConnell, who has served in the senate since 1985, is facing a tough challenge from Grimes, who is seen as a rising star in the Democratic party. Recent polls suggest that the race is a toss-up, with both candidates within a few percentage points of each other. In the end, the outcome of the Kentucky senate race may come down to which candidate is able to connect with voters on the issues that matter most to them. Grimes' latest ad seems to be a clear attempt to win over seniors by emphasizing her commitment to protecting Medicare. It remains to be seen whether this strategy will work, but one thing is certain: the battle for the Kentucky senate seat is far from over.