article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Justice Department Thursday announced it is dropping its controversial plan to allow officials to deny the existence of certain sensitive documents when confronted with thorny Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests. The provision in proposed FOIA regulations had stirred criticism from both ends of the political spectrum, from the American Civil Liberties Union and from other open-government groups. The decision was announced in a Justice Department letter to Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, who had led the fight against the rule change. "We will not include that provision when the Department issues final regulations," the Justice Department said. In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder last Friday, Grassley vowed to "take all necessary steps" to block the rule that would have allowed the government to "deceive" people about the existence of information. In its response, the Justice Department said the agency had in practice handled certain sensitive records as excludable since 1987, when then-Attorney General Ed Meese first issued guidance saying the best way to deal with these sensitive records was to deny they existed. Meese had specifically referred to narrow categories which dealt with national-security information and requests for information relating to an ongoing criminal investigation in which the target is unaware of a probe. The government said it was not really "lying" to declare that "there exist no records responsive to your FOIA request." The government maintains that specific was "wholly accurate" because in these sensitive cases the only records that exist are not subject to the FOIA act . Grassley, however, said a response that there are "no records" when such records, in fact, exist could undermine the public trust in government. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, was quick to applaud the decision to drop the proposed change. "For five decades, the Freedom of Information Act has given life to the American value that in an open society, it is essential to carefully balance the public's right to know and government's need to keep some information secret," Leahy said. The ACLU also applauded the Justice Department decision. "Government accountability can only be assured through transparency," said Laura Murphy, director of the ACLU Washington legislative office .
highlights: Former Attorney General Meese first issued guidance in 1987 on denying sensitive records exist . That came in response to Freedom of Information requests for doucments . The government said it was not really "lying" to declare "there exist no records responsive" But the Justice Department says it is dropping a plan to allow such denials .
id: 523eb77e9ad8435a9f6e39aff26408d9d6f9afab
chatgpt: The Justice Department has abandoned a plan that would have allowed the government to deny the existence of sensitive records as a response to Freedom of Information Act requests. The move comes after a decades-long practice of declaring "there exist no records responsive" to FOI requests for documents dating back to 1987. The practice first started when former Attorney General Ed Meese issued guidance on denying the existence of sensitive records. This came in response to FOI requests for documents, which the government believed were too sensitive to be released to the public. The guidance became a common practice among government agencies, with many using the language of "no records exist" Critics have long argued that the practice amounted to a form of deception, as it allowed the government to avoid releasing sensitive information without actually lying. In recent years, several court cases have challenged the practice, questioning the legality of such denial. The Justice Department, under the new Biden administration, has decided to drop the plan to allow such denials. The move is seen as a significant step towards transparency and openness in government dealings. The new administration has emphasized its commitment to transparency, and this move aligns with that commitment. In a statement, the Justice Department said, "The Department strongly supports transparency and openness in government and is committed to fulfilling its obligations under FOIA. After careful consideration, and in light of transparency and accountability principles, the Department has decided to rescind the previous policy." The move has been welcomed by transparency advocates who say it is a significant step towards greater openness. They say it will help restore public trust in government agencies, which has been eroded over the years due to the lack of transparency around sensitive information. However, some government officials have expressed concern that the move could expose sensitive information to the public, which could compromise national security. They say that the government has the responsibility to protect sensitive information and that denying the existence of such information is sometimes necessary. Despite the concerns, the move is seen as a significant step towards greater government transparency and openness. It sends a strong message that the government is committed to fulfilling its obligations under FOIA and is willing to be held accountable for its actions.