article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . The California home of a Christian pop singer was spared in wildfires that consumed parts of San Diego County last week, and, naturally, she's chalking it up as a miracle. 'It’s a total miracle ’cause the wind changed right when the fires were about to take over our house,' Christian singer Rebecca St. James wrote in a Facebook post accompanying a photo of the charred landscape that ends just feet from her patio. St. James and her family were forced to evacuate the home on Wednesday as the flames approached her neighborhood. Scroll down for video . Miracle: Rebecca St. James posted this photo on Facebook that shows just how close her home came to being torched by wildfires . 'We may have lost our house and everything we own to a fire today… I saw . the 2 story flames a few hundred yards away,' St. James wrote on Facebook after she was forced to evacuate on Wednesday. 'Please . pray for us. I got out with [my baby daughter], our dog and a baby book . in the car when police were arriving ordering evacuation.' On Thursday, however, St. James posted another update about how the fire had 'miraculously' spared her family's home. The photo St. James posted along with the news of the purported miracle shows the charred ground that stops just feet from her home - indicating that the fire nearly reached her property but then shifted. Close call: St. James used social media to call on friends and fans to pray for her after she was forced to evacuate her home . 'You can see the proof when you look at where the fire stopped, 3 feet . from our back fence. The fire was a 2-3 story wall of flame, only meters . away from our home!' she posted on the social networking website. Additional evacuations were ordered on Thursday, with about 21,000 people being forced to leave their homes because of the widlfires. Several California State University students were amongst those forced to evacuate - even as the students were in the middle of finals week. California Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency in San Diego County as fires have scorched more than 20,000 acres. 20,000 acres: The wildfires in Southern California continue to burn, scorching more than 20,000 acres so far . On Friday, authorities announced that a man had been arrested for arson in connection to the wildfires. San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis identified the man charged as Alberto Serrato, who authorities say added brush to an already burning fire in the San Luis riverbed area. 'Citizens were there and observed this,' and two citizens notified police, who then made an arrest, she said. Serrato faces up to seven years in prison if he's convicted.
highlights: Wildfires have been burning in Southern California for nearly a week . Rebecca St. James was forced to evacuate her home as fires burned throughout her neighborhood . St. James used social media websites to ask for prayers that her house wasn't destroyed . When she returned to her home, she found the ground had been on fire just feet from her property, but there was no damage to her home . So far, more than 20,000 acres have been burned in the fires .
id: a55bd4356341177b169d967755e15fbbed1721a6
chatgpt: Wildfires have been raging across Southern California for nearly a week, forcing thousands of residents to evacuate their homes. Among those affected was Grammy-winning Christian artist, Rebecca St. James, who was forced to leave her home as wildfires burned throughout her neighborhood. In the face of this danger, St. James turned to social media, asking for support and prayers that her home would not be destroyed. She shared updates with her fans via Twitter and Instagram, expressing gratitude for their prayers and concern for other families affected by the wildfires. Upon returning to her home, St. James was relieved to find that her house had not sustained any damage. However, she discovered that the ground had been on fire just feet from her property. The wildfires have already scorched more than 20,000 acres across Southern California, prompting evacuations in several areas as firefighters struggle to contain the blaze. The flames have destroyed dozens of structures and forced thousands of people to flee their homes. Despite the threat and devastation, many communities have come together to offer support and help to those affected by the wildfires. Local organizations, churches, and government agencies have opened shelters for displaced residents, distributed food and water to those in need, and offered counseling and other services to help those impacted by the disaster. As the wildfires continue to burn, residents in affected areas are being urged to remain vigilant and follow the recommendations and instructions of local authorities. Firefighters are working round the clock to contain the blazes, but with dry conditions and high winds in the forecast, the threat of further damage remains high. For St. James and others who have had their homes spared from the wildfires, the road ahead may be long and difficult. Many will need to rebuild and start anew, while others may be forced to find new homes altogether. The challenge will be immense, but with the support of their communities and the grace of God, they will surely persevere.