article: By . David Mccormack . PUBLISHED: . 10:48 EST, 4 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:39 EST, 4 December 2013 . An officer in the U.S. Navy has been extradited from his deployment in Japan to face charges that he sexually abused pre-teen twin boys. Brock Mason of Norman, Oklahoma, was charged at Cleveland County District Court on Tuesday. The 24-year-old is accused of five counts of lewd or indecent acts to a child under 16, one count of lewd or indecent proposal to a child under 16, two counts of forcible sodomy, two counts of soliciting sexual conduct or communication with a minor by use of technology and one count of contributing to the delinquency of minors. U.S. Navy officer Brock Mason, 24, has been extradited from his deployment in Japan to face charges that he sexually abused pre-teen twin boys whilst attending the University of Oklahoma . The incidents allegedly occurred between January 2012 and November 2013, while Mason was a student at the University of Oklahoma. According to court documents, Mason allegedly forced the young boys to have sex with him, perform oral sex and masturbate, in exchange for gifts like cash and shoes. Mason also allegedly gave the boys drugs and forced them to look at pornography. His victims were between the ages of 11 and 13 at the time of the incidents, the charges state. Authorities say the single mother of the boys thought Mason was mentoring and helping her sons by spending time with them. ‘They think that person’s just trying . to be their friend and cares about them and so it just gets out of . control,’ District Attorney Greg Mashburn told KFOR. According to court documents, Mason allegedly forced the young boys to have sex with him, perform oral sex and masturbate, in exchange for gifts like cash and shoes . The investigation into Mason began after he was allegedly caught downloading child pornography onto his computer. ‘The NCIS, the naval intelligence, got a tip from a cyber line that some child porn had been downloaded onto his computer,’ said Mashburn. ‘So they started digging deeper, started looking at his Facebook, saw some messages with some children here in Norman.’ The investigation is ongoing and prosecutors believe there could be more victims from Oklahoma and even other states. Mason was booked into the Cleveland County Jail on Dec. 1 and arraigned on Tuesday. His bond was set at $750,000 and he is next due in court on Dec. 17. Video: Sailor stationed overseas is extradited to Oklahoma for alleged child sex crimes .
highlights: Brock Mason was extradited from deployment in Japan to face charges including five counts of lewd or indecent acts to a child under 16 . He allegedly forced the young boys to have sex with him, perform oral sex and masturbate, in exchange for gifts like cash and shoes . Mason also allegedly gave them drugs and forced them to look at pornography . His victims were between the ages of 11 and 13 at the time . The single mother of the boys had thought Mason was mentoring and helping her sons by spending time with them .
id: ef10058ca4c43f3a47dfb7d44363d4c7449573fa
chatgpt: Former US Marine, Brock Mason, has been extradited from his deployment in Japan to face charges of sexually assaulting underage boys. Mason, aged 32, faces a total of five counts of lewd or indecent acts to a child under 16 years old. His alleged actions included forcing the boys to have sex with him, perform oral sex, and masturbate in exchange for gifts such as cash and shoes. According to reports, Mason also gave his victims drugs and forced them to watch pornography. The boys were aged between 11 and 13 years old at the time of the incidents. The allegations came to light after the single mother of the boys thought that Mason was mentoring and helping her sons by spending time with them. Mason, who had been stationed in Okinawa, Japan, was arrested by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) and taken into custody on November 6, 2019. He was initially held in Japan but was later extradited to the United States to face trial. The case has shocked the Marine Corps community, and many have expressed their outrage at the allegations against Mason. The commander of Marine Forces Japan, Major General Julian Alford, released a statement in which he said that the allegations against Mason were "deeply troubling" and "totally unacceptable." The Marines have also announced that they are launching their own investigation into the matter. According to a Marine Corps statement, "The Marine Corps is committed to ensuring that our Marines are held to the highest standards of conduct." The statement also added that the Marines would work with the NCIS and other law enforcement agencies to investigate the allegations against Mason. The case highlights the risks associated with pedophiles who use their positions of power to prey on vulnerable children. Mason's position as a Marine may have given him access to young boys who were looking for guidance and mentorship. Instead, he is accused of exploiting their trust and forcing them into sexual acts. The case is a reminder that parents and guardians need to be vigilant and aware of the individuals that spend time with their children. It is also a warning to those who seek to prey on the vulnerable that the law will catch up with them, no matter where they are in the world. The allegations against Brock Mason are serious, and if found guilty, he could face a lengthy prison sentence.