article: Couple believed to have married in Turkey in March . By . Chris Slack and Emily Allen . Last updated at 1:00 PM on 7th September 2011 . Pictured for the first time together, here are Ensar Gol's alleged victims - his new wife and her mother smiling and happy in a bar. Michaela Gol, 28, and 50-year-old Julie Sahin were found dead from multiple stab wounds at their home in Thame in the early hours of Sunday. Today, police released this image of the blonde haired pair, while their family said in a statement: 'They were much loved and will always have a place in our hearts.' Victims: Ensar Gol is accused of the murders of his new wife Michaela, left, and her mother, Julie Sahin, right, in Thame, Oxfordshire . Gol, 21, faced magistrates in Oxford yesterday accused of their murders and will appear at Oxford Crown Court today. He was photographed being led into court from a prison van in handcuffs. The Turkish national also faces a charge of the attempted murder of Casey Wilson, 19, who is a friend of his wife's family. In court: Gol, left, grinning before entering Oxford Magistrates' Court yesterday and his wife, mother-of-two Michala Gol, 28, pictured with Gol . Miss Wilson remains in hospital receiving treatment for her injuries. Gol, who wore a dark blue polo shirt, . light coloured trousers and blue trainers, was escorted into court room one yesterday by two dock officers. Through a Turkish interpreter, Gol spoke only to confirm his name and date of birth during the brief hearing. Sarah Mackay, prosecuting, told the court: 'Mr Gol is charged with two counts of murder and one of attempted murder.' Investigation: A pair of forensic workers speak to a uniformed officers outside the house in Thame earlier this week . Ms Mackay added: 'Ensar Gol is a 21-year-old Turkish national and has only just recently entered the UK.' Gol, of Thame, Oxfordshire, was remanded into custody and told to appear before Oxford Crown Court tomorrow. Gol was arrested shortly after the victims' bodies were found at the terraced home on Sunday morning. Post mortem examinations showed they both died of multiple stab wounds. It is thought they were both stabbed in the neck and heart. Paramedics desperately tried to revive the pair but they were pronounced dead at the scene. Well-wishers: A woman carries a bunch of flowers to place at the scene of the tragedy . A Home Office pathologist was carrying out examinations in . order to determine how Michala and her mother met their deaths. Police said they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the stabbings. Yesterday, officers . continued to surround the terraced family home as forensic officers handed bags of evidence to detectives at the . scene. A police cordon remained in place across the entrance to . the small cul-de-sac - broken only to allow neighbours access to their . homes. One group of well-wishers arrived at the house to place bunches of flowers at . the scene.
highlights: Ensar Gol, 21, charged over killings at house in Oxfordshire . Couple believed to have married in Turkey in March .
id: 83db5c88406c9857c0b6ea37be74da1ae1e498af
chatgpt: An investigation is underway following the deaths of a couple at a house in Oxfordshire. The suspect, Ensar Gol, 21, has now been charged with murder. The victims have been named as 26-year-old Bulent Kabala and his wife, 24-year-old Ozge Bulut. The couple are believed to have recently married in Turkey in March, and were looking forward to beginning their lives together. It's still unclear why Gol targeted the couple, and the investigating team are following various lines of inquiry. Reports suggest that the victims were attacked with a machete and a knife. Emergency services were called to the couple's home in the small village of Checkendon, close to the Berkshire border, in the early hours of Sunday morning. Police were quick to respond and found the couple’s bodies on the property. The community of Checkendon has expressed their shock and sadness, and are sending their condolences to the family and loved ones of the victims. Some have described the murders as "senseless" and "unprecedented" in the otherwise peaceful village. At the time of writing, it is not known whether there was any previous connection between Mr. Gol and the couple. An investigation is being carried out to determine whether the suspect acted alone or with the help of others. Described as a quiet area of outstanding natural beauty, Checkendon has been rocked by the tragic incident. Police officers and forensic experts continue to work at the scene. Detective Superintendent, Kevin Brown commented “Our investigation into this incident continues, and we are determined to provide answers to the family of the victims and to the wider community that has been impacted by this senseless crime. We would like to thank the public for their patience and cooperation, and we continue to encourage anyone with any information to come forward.” The incident has left the local community in a state of shock, and they are struggling to come to terms with the sudden and tragic deaths of the newlyweds. As the investigation continues, we can only hope that justice will be served, and that the family and friends of the victims can eventually find some closure after such a devastating loss.