article: A police officer's heroic rescue of a German Shepherd injured in a car accident has gone viral after he went the extra mile to find the runaway dog. Officer Nick Ague from South Londonderry, Pennsylvania explained that he came to the rescue because he is a 'huge animal lover' and Mya reminded him of his own German Shepherd at home. The picture of him carrying Mya, who had injured her paws while running away from the accident, became an instant hit on Facebook. Hero: Police officer Nick Ague carrying Mya the German Shepherd to safety after she hurt her paws running on hot tarmac . 'Huge animal lover': Office Ague was out on patrol in Pennsylvania when he heard that the dog had run away from the accident . Since the rescue on Sunday afternoon, it has . attracted 5,400 likes and been shared over a thousand times on the South . Londonderry Township police Facebook page. Officer Ague had heard reports of two dogs escaping a car crash in the town of Palmyra while he was on call. The border collie had been captured, but he decided to find the distressed German Shepherd who had run away on her own. Eventually Mr Ague and other officers tracked down Mya, but every time the patrol car drew near, she started running. To the rescue: Mr Ague said that he was particularly keen to find Mya because he owns a German Shepherd himself . It was when Mya stopped that Ague realised there was something wrong with her. Mr Ague said: 'Her pads were all torn up from running on the hot asphalt because of the distance the dog managed to clear from the crash.' This was when Mr Ague went to pick up the 75-pound dog and carry her over to her owner's car. Recovering well: Mya had sore paws from running so far but is now walking again . Owner Megan Smith wrote on Facebook that although Mya's paws are still sore, she is making a good recovery. South Londonderry police sergeant Gerry Cassel told the local Lebanon Daily News that this is not the first time Mr Ague has gone above and beyond for animals. He said: 'He is our animal guy. That's his thing. He's been doing things like that for years.'
highlights: Nick Ague tracked down the dog who had run away from road accident . Mya the German Shepherd was limping, having injured her paws . Ague has his own German Shepherd and says he is a 'huge animal lover'
id: 6d5cbff22bfc83c1505fa4c9a4a59867a546f1e2
chatgpt: In a heartwarming story of compassion and love for animals, Nick Ague, a resident of Springfield, Illinois, went above and beyond to track down a dog who had run away from a road accident. The dog in question was a beautiful German Shepherd named Mya who was found limping and injured near the site of the accident. Ague, who himself owns a German Shepherd, knew he had to help reunite Mya with its owner. He quickly got in touch with local animal shelters and posted about the dog's story on social media in a bid to find its rightful owner. After spending a few days searching and contacting various agencies, Ague was finally able to get in touch with the owner of the lost dog. It was a very emotional reunion as the owner's family had been desperately searching for Mya for days. Speaking to local media, Ague said, "I am a huge animal lover and I couldn't just stand by and watch this dog suffer. I had to do something to help. I am so glad that we were able to bring Mya back home to her family." Mya had injured her paws during the road accident and was in a lot of pain. Ague took it upon himself to provide her with the necessary medical attention she needed and ensured that she was safely reunited with her owner. This story highlights the importance of compassion and empathy towards animals. It is heartening to see individuals like Nick Ague going out of their way to help animals in need. The efforts put in by Ague not only helped Mya but also, in turn, provided peace of mind for the dog's owner who was frantically searching for their beloved pet. As instances of animal cruelty and neglect continue to make headlines, it is important to remember that every little effort counts. Even small acts of kindness like providing food and water to strays or reporting animal abuse can make a huge difference in the lives of our furry friends. We hope that Nick Ague's selflessness inspires others to extend a helping hand towards animals in need, and we wish a speedy recovery to Mya the German Shepherd.