article: A 60-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday in connection with the discovery last spring of 25 dead cats hanging from trees in plastic bags, a grisly find that prompted animal lovers to post $25,000 in reward money. Rene Carcamo of Yonkers was charged with illegally disposing of the dead cats, according to Westchester County's Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. He was not charged with killing the cats. The charge is a violation of environmental law. Ernest Lungaro, director of enforcement for the SPCA, said: 'That's what we're able to prove, that he was hanging them.' WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Rene Carcamo, a Yonkers resident, was charged with illegally disposing of the dead cats in April but not killing them . The bodies of around 30 cats were discovered in bags hanging from trees in Yonkers, New York, in April . He would not say if officials believe Carcamo also killed the cats. The SPCA said in April that tests on three cats' bodies showed the animals were killed with blows to the head at various times over the previous year and were already dead when they were put in the bags. The cats were discovered in April by a public works crew doing an annual cleanup in a wooded area just off Overlook Terrace in Yonkers, about a mile and a half north of the Bronx. Carcamo lives nearby. Animal welfare groups and private citizens, including Geezer Butler of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath, posted $25,000 in reward money. The SPCA did not immediately return messages asking what would become of the money. In addition to the charge related to the dead cats, Carcamo was charged with animal cruelty. The SPCA said that during the investigation, Lungaro found two sick kittens in Carcamo's possession and told him to take them to a veterinarian, but he did not. Lungaro later took the kittens away and a vet found them to be severely neglected, the SPCA said. Lungaro said Carcamo's arrest was still being processed. He had no information on an arraignment or a defense lawyer. Calls to Yonkers police were not immediately returned. The cats appear to have been put in the bags at different times, Lieutenant Patrick McCormack told the Yonkers Daily Voice in April. Each bag appeared to have contained one cat each, authorities said. But wildlife had apparently torn open some of the bags, causing the animals to fall out. Animal welfare groups and private citizens, including Geezer Butler of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath, posted $25,000 in reward money to find the culprit who suspended the cat corpses from the trees .
highlights: Rene Carcamo, 60, of Yonkers, New York was charged with illegally disposing of the dead cats . He wasn't charged with killing the cats but was charged with animal cruelty . Animal welfare groups and private citizens, including Geezer Butler of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath, posted $25,000 in reward money . The SPCA said in April that tests on three cats' bodies showed the animals were killed with blows to the head .
id: 49ebf3ea7d2d136d54184f61919835411bc1ae47
chatgpt: Rene Carcamo, a 60-year-old resident of Yonkers, New York, has been charged with animal cruelty after allegedly disposing of the dead cats in an illegal manner. While he has not been charged with killing the cats, animal welfare groups and concerned individuals have posted a $25,000 reward for information related to the case. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) conducted tests on the animals' bodies, which revealed that at least three of the cats were killed with blows to the head. Carcamo has not yet entered a plea in response to the charges. Animal lovers across the country have been outraged by the alleged acts of cruelty. Geezer Butler, the bassist for the heavy metal band Black Sabbath, is among those who have offered to contribute to the reward money. Other individuals and organizations have also expressed their support for the cause. Animal rights activists have pointed out that cases like this underscore the importance of strengthening existing animal protection laws. The fact that someone can be charged with the illegal disposal of dead animals, but not for their deaths, is a reflection of the loopholes in our current legal system. Advocates are calling for more stringent measures to be put in place to prevent animal cruelty and protect the welfare of all creatures. The SPCA has released a statement expressing their gratitude for the support they have received from the public. The organization is committed to investigating all cases of animal abuse and working to bring perpetrators to justice. They urge anyone with information related to this case to come forward and help ensure that justice is served. Animal lovers are encouraged to keep a vigilant eye out for any suspicious behavior in their neighborhoods and report any suspected cases of animal cruelty to the proper authorities. With the support of concerned citizens and organizations, it is possible to make a difference and create a better world for animals everywhere.