article: A Hero teacher who saved the life of a seriously ill pupil by giving her one of his kidney is to be honoured with an MBE. Ray Coe stepped in to rescue Alya Ahmed Ali, 13, after learning she was desperate for a donor. The 53-year-old father-of-one said he was left shocked and proud after learning he had been recognised in the Queen's New Year Honours list. Teacher Ray Coe, pictured left, is set to be awarded an MBE after he stepped in to rescue pupil, Alya Ahmed Ali, 13, pictured right, after learning she was desperate for a kidney donor . The special needs coordinator at Royal Docks Community School, Custom House, east London, has been awarded the gong for services to education and the community. He took part in the life-saving kidney transplant to rescue Alya, who suffers from a deadly condition called hydrocephalus, or water on the brain, which has led to severe learning difficulties. They have since become very close - and Mr Coe even spent part of Christmas with Alya and her grateful family. 'It was a bit of a shock to be made an MBE,' said modest Mr Coe. 'I was not expecting it at all. The special needs coordinator at Royal Docks Community School, Custom House, east London, pictured above with Alya,  has been awarded the gong for services to education and the community . Mr Coe, pictured with Alya and her father Ahmed Ali, said he was still a bit 'perplexed' and added: 'I don't see it as anything that no-one else would do' 'It's a very proud moment and there's a huge sense of honour.It seems like it's just spiralled. 'I never thought for a moment that it would become as big a story as it did. 'I'm still a bit perplexed, because I don't see it as anything that no-one else would do. 'For me the greatest thing to come out of it has been becoming a real part of Alya's family.' Mr Coe is a teacher at Royal Docks Community School in east London, where Alya is a pupil . Alya's dad, Ahmed Ali, 47, of Stratford, east London, said after Ray brought his daughter back from the brink: 'He has given Alya much more than just the gift of life.He's an amazing man, we owe him so much.' School head Wendy Bower also saluted Mr Coe, saying: 'Ray has gone above and beyond with the call of duty with this selfless and noble act. 'He's a very humble and modest man.The whole staff are in admiration for his kindness. 'He has given a new life to Alya and her whole family.'
highlights: Teacher Ray Coe gave pupil Alya Ahmed Ali,13, one of his kidneys . The teenager desperately needed a donor after suffering from renal failure . The father-of-one, 53, has been awarded an MBE in the New Year Honours . He said he was not expecting it, but described it as a proud moment .
id: 64220170407fa1993f4084af1c457d74309e6c1e
chatgpt: In a truly remarkable display of selflessness, a teacher has given his kidney to save the life of one of his students. Ray Coe, a father-of-one from Manchester, donated his kidney to 13-year-old Alya Ahmed Ali who was suffering from renal failure. Ali desperately needed a kidney donor, but finding a matching donor is often a challenge, particularly for young people. When Coe found out that Ali needed a kidney, he immediately volunteered to be tested to see if he was a match. After it was confirmed that he was indeed a match, Coe underwent the surgery to donate his kidney to Ali. The surgery was a success, and Ali is reportedly doing well in her recovery. Coe, for his part, says he has no regrets about his decision to donate one of his kidneys to Ali. He says that he was simply doing what any good teacher would do - looking out for the best interests of his students. Coe's selflessness and generosity have not gone unnoticed. In fact, he was recently awarded an MBE (Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire) in the New Year Honours. Coe says that he was not expecting the award, but he is proud to have received it. "I never expected anything like this," Coe said. "It's a proud moment for myself and my family. I'm grateful for the recognition, but my main focus is on Alya's recovery." Coe's actions have inspired many people, and he has received an outpouring of support and admiration from around the world. Many people are hailing him as a hero, and some are even calling him the "real-life Mr. Holland" (a reference to the film "Mr. Holland's Opus" in which a music teacher changes the lives of his students). Coe, however, is quick to deflect any such praise. He says that he was simply doing the right thing, and that he hopes his actions will inspire others to consider organ donation. "I don't see myself as a hero," Coe said. "I just did what I could to help Alya. If my story inspires other people to become organ donors or to do something kind for others, then that's a good thing." Coe's story is a powerful reminder of the impact that teachers can have on their students' lives. He saw a student in need, and he did everything in his power to help her. And in doing so, he has become an inspiration to people everywhere.