article: By . Ryan Lipman . Convicted armed robber John Killick has lost his NSW Supreme Court battle against extradition to Queensland. Justice Carolyn Simpson has upheld an extradition order to send Killick north of the border. 'I left myself open for this, but you've got to deal with what you've done in the past,' he told reporters on Thursday. Convicted armed robber John Killick has lost his NSW Supreme Court battle against extradition to Queensland and could serve the remaining two-and-a-half-year balance of a sentence imposed for an armed robbery in 1983 . 'The past is catching up but it's been great being out, and I've still got a chance.' The 72-year-old, who made a brazen escape from a Sydney prison in a helicopter hijacked by his then girlfriend Lucy Dudko in 1999, will be sent back to Queensland over an alleged breach of bail 21 years ago. He must report to Queensland Police by June 27, and could be forced to serve the two-and-a-half-year balance of a sentence imposed for an armed robbery in 1983. Killick's lawyer Eidan Havas said he would be looking for potential avenues for appeal. He said he was also working with a solicitor in Queensland to seek a judicial review of the cancellation of Killick's parole. In 1999, Killick's then girlfriend Lucy Dudko, pictured, hijacked a helicopter to get him out of Sliverwater jail . But both men were prepared for Thursday's decision. 'Although we were optimistic and hopeful, we weren't surprised with today's decision,' Mr Havas said. 'He was prepared for this, and he's prepared since day one to go to Queensland and do the time if required.' Killick remains on bail but must wear an electronic ankle monitor and report to NSW police daily. 'The longer I'm out, the more I'm feeling human again, after all that long time,' he said. '(My wife) was just hoping for the best. But we know this ordeal will be over soon.' At the time of his escape from Silverwater jail, pictured, Killick was serving time for armed robbery . Killick gained international notoriety when he went on the run for 45 days in 1999 after Ms Dudko hijacked a helicopter at gunpoint and had it flown to the Silverwater prison exercise yard, where Killick was serving time for armed robbery. He jumped in the chopper and flew off amid cheers from other inmates and gunshots from prison guards. After being recaptured, he went back to prison until April this year, when he was granted parole. Immediately after his release, Queensland authorities produced a warrant for the pensioner's arrest and sought his extradition. Queensland Police claim Killick breached his parole in 1993 after an offence of violence armed with a dangerous weapon but his legal team had branded their warrant an abuse of process.
highlights: John Killick has lost court battle against extradition to Queensland . The convicted armed robber escaped from a Sydney prison in a helicopter . He could serve the balance of a sentence for an armed robbery in 1983 . His lawyer has confirmed he will look to appeal the decision .
id: b0bcafe807d264449beb57f96b80831293b3b087
chatgpt: On Wednesday, John Killick, a convicted armed robber who famously escaped from a Sydney prison over 30 years ago in a helicopter, lost his court battle against extradition to Queensland. Killick has been fighting for years to avoid being sent from New South Wales to Queensland to serve the balance of his sentence for an armed robbery in 1983. Despite his attorney's efforts, the New South Wales Supreme Court granted the extradition order on Wednesday. Killick's lawyer, Eidan Havas, has confirmed that his client will look to appeal the decision. Killick's daring escape from Silverwater Correctional Centre in Sydney in a helicopter with his girlfriend in tow in 1999 made headlines across the country. Killick served an additional sixteen years in jail for the escape, though he was able to publish a book and become something of a minor celebrity in the process. Now, at age 75, Killick has spent 6 years fighting extradition to Queensland in the hopes of being released on parole in New South Wales. Despite the fact that he'd already served 15 years of his sentence for the 1983 armed robbery, Killick managed to escape before his full sentence was completed, and authorities have been eager to see him complete the remainder of his time. Killick's legal team has argued that he is too old and frail to be moved to a new state, and that completing his sentence in New South Wales would significantly reduce the stress on the aging former prisoner. These arguments were unsuccessful in convincing the court to grant Killick's extradition request. Following the ruling, Eidan Havas, Killick's lawyer, said that his client was "disappointed with the result" and reiterated his plan to appeal. Havas also expressed concerns that Killick's health would decline if he were obliged to move to Queensland to complete his sentence. In their response to Killick's argument, Queensland authorities and the state court pointed out that Killick had committed serious crimes and that his escape had been a stain on the justice system. They say that the public deserves to see Killick complete his sentence, and that the idea of being housed in a Queensland jail is not a new punishment for Killick. In closing, it looks as though John Killick will have to go to Queensland to serve the remainder of his sentence. Killick will have to face his past crimes and finish his time in a different state than where he began his journey in jail. Though his legal team plans to appeal the ruling, for now it looks as though Killick's long and contentious fight to avoid extradition has come to an unsatisfactory conclusion.