article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 03:11 EST, 1 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:37 EST, 1 October 2013 . It may rank among the world's greatest and most widely used inventions but one in seven of us admit to hating the internet and fear it is 'taking control of our lives'. Despite increasing numbers of Britons going online every day, a new survey has found many are concerned about privacy and only use the internet because they have to. Growing numbers of people are concerned about access to internet pornography and the prevalence of cyber-bullying among youngsters. One in seven people admit they hate the internet and fear it is 'taking control of their lives' The numbers of users supporting government regulation of what children can view online has also increased, according to the Oxford Internet Institute study. In 2011, two thirds of those questioned said there was a role for Government in controlling what children can view online. But in the latest survey that had grown to three in four people. In June, David Cameron announced plans to order Google and other internet providers to ban child pornography from the internet. He said the Tia Sharp and April Jones murder cases, where their killers had viewed violent child pornography online, had swung public opinion in favour of stronger regulation. The 2013 survey, released today, found eight out of ten people in Britain say they rely on the internet for everyday activities. It is an increase from six out of ten people a decade ago. The study by the Oxford Internet Institute found more pensioners and disabled people are going online . However, despite the growing numbers 40 per cent of those asked said they had to use the internet but had little enthusiasm for it. Dr Grant Blank, from the institute, told The Daily Telegraph: 'While most of us in Britain are now using the internet, half do it with little enthusiasm.' The study of 2,000 people found more pensioners and disabled people are using the internet. For the first time the majority of middle aged people say they use social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook. Increasing numbers of people are also going online for basic everyday tasks such as shopping, banking or booking holidays. The institute releases a report every two years on the changing ways people use the internet and looks at attitudes to regulation and control, social networking and access.
highlights: Oxford Internet Institute survey found people are concerned about privacy . Growing numbers worry about internet pornography and cyber-bullying . 80% say they rely on the internet - up from 60% two years ago .
id: 9b0a308cbbff206f0f997820b7784d159298513d
chatgpt: According to a new survey conducted by the Oxford Internet Institute, people are increasingly concerned about their privacy online. The survey uncovered several key findings about how people are using the internet and what they are worried about. One of the main concerns that cropped up in the survey was around internet pornography. Many respondents expressed concern about the ease with which pornographic material can be accessed online, and the impact that it can have on young people in particular. Another issue that respondents were worried about was cyber-bullying. Many people reported feeling concerned about the potential for online bullying to cause harm, and the lack of effective measures in place to combat it. Despite these concerns, the survey also revealed that people are increasingly reliant on the internet for their daily lives. Some 80% of respondents reported relying on the internet for things like shopping, communication, and entertainment, up from just 60% two years ago. The report highlights the need for greater awareness and education around internet safety and privacy, particularly in light of the growing concerns about pornography and cyber-bullying. It also calls for more effective measures to be put in place to protect vulnerable individuals, such as children or those with mental health issues. One potential solution that has been put forward is the introduction of age verification measures for online content. This would require users to prove their age before being granted access to certain kinds of content, such as pornography. However, critics have argued that such measures are unlikely to be effective, as they can be easily circumvented by tech-savvy individuals. Others have pointed to the need for greater investment in education and support services, to help people navigate the risks and challenges of the online world. Overall, the report suggests that there is a clear need for ongoing research and analysis into the impact of the internet on society, as well as for greater efforts to promote internet safety and privacy. As our reliance on digital technology continues to grow, it is clear that these issues will only become more pressing in the years ahead.