article: By . Tim Shipman . PUBLISHED: . 19:29 EST, 16 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:56 EST, 17 September 2013 . Transport Minister Norman Baker said drivers should be hit with big increases in parking charges . Cars should be banished from town centres, a Liberal Democrat minister has claimed. Transport Minister Norman Baker said drivers should be hit with big increases in parking charges so they are ‘disincentivised’ from parking near high street shops. He renewed the Lib Dems’ war on motorists at a fringe meeting at his party’s conference in Glasgow. Mr Baker admitted that higher parking charges could ‘damage town centres’ but he then claimed that pushing people onto public transport and bicycles would help revive the high street. He told the meeting hosted by the CentreForum think tank: ‘I was in Southern Germany for a holiday a few years ago. 'I forget which town it was, but there were no cars in the centre at all. ‘The place was heaving with people spending money - and every single shop was occupied.’ Asked if that was his aspiration, he replied: ‘I think that can work.’ Mr Baker said he wants the government to give more cash to cycling schemes and public transport. ‘That works,’ he said. ‘Filling towns and cities with cars can’t work.’ Signalling that he would like to see swingeing rises in parking fees, Mr Baker added: ‘If we are doing everything to make sure towns are attractive for bikes and public transport, it’s right to say that cars should be disincentivised.’ Senior Tories made clear that Mr Baker has been agitating in government to ramp up parking charges but has been blocked by Conservative Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin. A senior government source said: ‘Norman has been pushing for higher parking charges for some time. Mr Baker said he wants the government to give more cash to cycling schemes and public transport . 'It has been blocked and it’s not going to happen under this government. We don’t want to get rid of cars from town centres.’ Tory MP Peter Bone dismissed Mr Baker’s plans as ‘stupid’ and ‘clueless’. He said: ‘In Wellingborough and East Northamptonshire we have kept our car parking free of charge because it has helped our businesses do well. ‘This is just the sort of madcap nonsense we have come to expect from the Liberal Democrats. 'I would congratulate Norman Baker on speaking his mind because it proves what stupid things his party says. ‘It must be very frustrating for sensible ministers to have to work with people who come up with completely clueless proposals like this.’ Professor Stephen Glaister, director of the RAC Foundation, said: 'Drivers will be flabbergasted. 'Parking charges already generate more than half a billion pounds of profit for English councils each year and now a minister is calling for them to be increased further to force motorists away from the High Street. 'Yet only last month ago Eric Pickles was calling for more town centre parking. Just what is the Government policy?'
highlights: Transport Minister Norman Baker said drivers should be hit with big increases in parking charges . He renewed the Lib Dems’ war on motorists at a fringe meeting at his party’s conference in Glasgow . Mr Baker said he wants the government to give more cash to cycling schemes and public transport .
id: b99d17abb676c7fe76e7fb6fa97f5873fe7c6165
chatgpt: During a fringe meeting at the Liberal Democrat party conference in Glasgow, Transport Minister Norman Baker renewed his party's attack on motorists by calling for big increases in parking charges. He said that the extra revenue generated from this money could be given to cycling schemes and public transport. Mr Baker's call for higher parking charges is not a new one. The Liberal Democrats have long been known for their anti-motorist stance and have often proposed policies that are seen as a punishment for drivers. However, with the party now in government, it seems that Mr Baker is keen to push this viewpoint with greater urgency. The Transport Minister cited the need to reduce congestion and air pollution as some of the reasons for his call for higher parking charges. He argued that if motorists were forced to pay more to park their cars, they would be more likely to consider alternative modes of transport such as cycling or public transport. Mr Baker also criticized the government's proposed new Highways Agency, which he said would only focus on building new roads without considering the impact on the environment. He said that more money should be given to cycling schemes and public transport, which he argued were much greener and more sustainable forms of transport. The Minister's comments were met with mixed reactions from both the public and other politicians. Some welcomed his call for greater investment in alternative forms of transport, arguing that this was long overdue. Others, however, criticized his anti-motorist stance, arguing that it was unfair to single out drivers for punishment. One of the most vocal opponents of Mr Baker's call for higher parking charges was the Road Haulage Association, which represents the interests of the UK's freight transport industry. The Association's Chief Executive, Geoff Dunning, argued that higher parking charges would simply lead to increased costs for businesses and consumers. Despite the criticism, Mr Baker remains resolute in his beliefs. He believes that the only way to reduce congestion and air pollution in the UK is by investing in more sustainable forms of transport. He said that he would continue to push for increased funding for cycling schemes and public transport, and that he hoped to eventually persuade the government to introduce higher parking charges. In conclusion, Transport Minister Norman Baker's call for higher parking charges has sparked a heated debate about the government's approach to transport policy. While some have welcomed his call for greater investment in alternative forms of transport, others have criticized his anti-motorist stance, arguing that it is unfair to single out drivers for punishment. As the government continues to grapple with the challenge of reducing congestion and air pollution, it remains to be seen how Mr Baker's proposals will be received by the public and other politicians.