article: (CNN) -- Tiger Woods said Sunday that he is focused on "living a life of amends" after "living the life of a lie" in one of his first interviews since a November car crash outside his home unleashed a media frenzy amid rumors of extramarital affairs. The brief, five-minute interview on ESPN was one of two the professional golfer granted Sunday afternoon at the Isleworth golf club near his home outside Orlando, Florida. The Golf Channel simultaneously aired its similarly brief interview with Woods on Sunday night. Woods credited inpatient and outpatient therapy for helping him start the process toward making amends. "It was tough," he told ESPN's Tom Rinaldi of the therapy. "To look at yourself in a light that you never want to look at yourself, that's pretty brutal. ... I saw a person that I never thought I would ever become." Woods said two of his lowest points in the past four months came when he had to tell his wife, Elin Woods, and his mother about his affairs. "Those are the two people in my life who I'm closest to, and to say the things that I've done, truthfully to them, is ... honestly ... was ... very painful," he said. Woods told The Golf Channel's Kelly Tilghman that his mentor and father, the late Earl Woods, "would be very disappointed in me." "I wish I could have had his guidance through all of this," he told Tilghman. "Have him help straighten me up. I know he would have done it." Despite the open nature of the interviews -- both Rinaldi and Tilghman weren't restricted on the questions they could ask  -- the notoriously private Woods declined to go into detail about the night of the November car crash, telling Rinaldi that "it's all on the police report." "Beyond that, everything is between Elin and myself, and that's private," Woods said. He also declined to specify what treatment he has been seeking, but did say it will continue despite his announcement last week that he will return to golf at the Masters next month. "I'm excited to get back and play," he told Rinaldi. "I'm excited to get to see the guys again. ... I miss competing. But still, I still have a lot more treatment to do, and just because I'm playing, doesn't mean I'm gonna stop going to treatment." When asked about what reaction he expects from the fans, Woods said: "I don't know. I'm a little nervous about that to be honest with you. ... It would be nice to hear a couple claps here and there. But I also hope they clap for birdies, too." In closing her interview, Tilghman asked Woods about a bracelet he was wearing. "It's Buddhist," he said. "It's for protection and strength. And I certainly need that."
highlights: Telling wife, mother about his affairs were low points, Woods tells ESPN . "To say the things that I've done, truthfully to them, is ... very painful," Woods says . Woods gives interviews to ESPN, The Gold Channel near his Florida home . Woods says therapy will continue, but declines to say what type he's received .
id: 591f667f6b3f6eb8f05e1a469990bdd499a096f4
chatgpt: Professional golfer Tiger Woods has opened up about some of the lowest points of his life in a recent interview with ESPN. Woods, who has struggled with addiction and personal issues, revealed that admitting his affairs to his wife and mother were among the most painful experiences he has ever faced.  “To say the things that I’ve done, truthfully to them, is … very painful,” Woods told ESPN reporter Marty Smith. Woods gave interviews to both ESPN and The Golf Channel near his Florida home.  Woods has since undergone therapy to deal with his addiction and personal issues. When asked about the therapy he’s received, Woods declined to give specifics but did confirm that it will continue.  Throughout the interview, Woods spoke candidly about his past mistakes and the impact they had on both his personal life and his career. In 2009, Woods’ personal life became public when news of his extramarital affairs broke. This led to a difficult time for Woods, both on and off the golf course. He took a break from playing golf and eventually returned in 2010.  However, Woods continued to struggle with injuries and personal demons. He was arrested for driving under the influence in 2017 and later admitted to being addicted to painkillers. Woods has since taken steps to manage his addiction and has made a successful comeback in professional golf.  Despite his struggles, Woods remains one of the most talented and successful golfers of all time. He has won 15 major championships and has been recognized as one of the greatest athletes in history. Woods’ success has not come without its challenges, and the golfer remains open about the difficulties he has faced.  “I’ve gone through a lot, and I’ve tried to be better on the other side, and I’m trying to — each and every day — to get better,” Woods said. “There’s no doubt I’m improving, but I still have a long way to go.” Woods’ recent interviews shed light on the golfer’s personal struggles and his efforts to overcome them. While the past cannot be changed, Woods’ willingness to be open and honest about his mistakes may offer hope to others who are going through difficult times. For Woods, it is about continuing to work on himself and striving to be better each day.