article: Washington (CNN) -- Airline passengers can expect to see as well as feel new pat-down procedures at U.S. airports over the coming weeks in an effort to provide another layer of security for travelers, the Transportation Security Administration said Thursday. "Pat-downs are one important tool to help TSA detect hidden and dangerous items such as explosives," according to a TSA statement sent to CNN. The TSA said passengers should continue to expect "an unpredictable mix of security layers that include explosives trace detection, advanced imaging technology, canine teams, among others." But it's the hands-on procedures that have at least one traveler concerned that the TSA may be going too far. Rosemary Fitzpatrick, a CNN employee, said she was subjected to a pat-down at the Orlando, Florida, airport on Wednesday night after her underwire bra set off a magnetometer. She said she was taken to a private area and searched, with transportation screening officers telling her the pat-down was a new procedure. According to Fitzpatrick, a female screener ran her hands around her breasts, over her stomach, buttocks and her inner thighs, and briefly touched her crotch. "I felt helpless, I felt violated, and I felt humiliated," Fitzpatrick said, adding that she was reduced to tears at the checkpoint. She particularly objected to the fact that travelers were not warned about the new procedures. Fitzpatrick sent an e-mail complaint about her experience to the TSA that said the agency needs to get the word out so that travelers know their rights. The TSA employees "conducted themselves in a professional manner, so my complaint is not about them professionally," Fitzpatrick wrote. She told the TSA the agency needs to get the word out so the travelers know their rights. "I am appalled and disgusted at the new search procedures and the fact that passengers have not been made aware of the new invasive steps prior to entering the security area," Fitzpatrick wrote. "It appears once you enter the security area, passengers forfeit their rights. There were no signs, video information, etc. at the entrance of the security area the airport. Why?" She added: "As an experienced traveler for work who was in tears for most of the search process, I have never experienced a more traumatic and invasive travel event!" The TSA sent an automated initial e-mail response to Fitzpatrick saying, "Thank you for your inquiry to the Transportation Security Administration. We have forwarded your e-mail to the appropriate group for response." In its statement to CNN, the TSA said: "Pat-down procedures are used to resolve alarms that occur at a walk-through metal detector, if an anomaly is detected during screening with advanced imaging technology or during random screening." The statement also indicated that "passengers who opt out of advanced imaging technology screening will receive alternate screening to include a thorough pat-down." CNN's Jeanne Meserve and Carol Cratty contributed to this story.
highlights: The move is to help detect hidden items, TSA says . CNN employee complains of invasive pat-down, lack of communication . Pat-downs are only used after an initial alarm is triggered, TSA says .
id: 902edccb90bbf4bae5c878443cd6875651f1a321
chatgpt: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has announced new procedures that will help them detect hidden items during security screenings at airports. The move comes after a recent incident involving a CNN employee who complained of an invasive pat-down and lack of communication from TSA agents. According to TSA spokesperson Lisa Farbstein, the new procedures will require agents to use more thorough methods for screening passengers. "We are always looking for ways to improve our security measures," Farbstein said. "These new procedures will help us better detect hidden items that could pose a threat to aviation security." However, not everyone is happy about the new procedures. The CNN employee, who requested to remain anonymous, spoke out about their negative experience with TSA agents. "I was traveling for work and had already gone through the body scanner without any issues," the employee said. "But then I was selected for a pat-down and the agent was extremely invasive." The employee also expressed frustration over the lack of communication from the TSA agents. "They didn't explain why I was selected for a pat-down or what they were looking for," the employee said. "It was a very uncomfortable and unsettling experience." In response to the CNN employee's complaint, Farbstein emphasized that pat-downs are only used as a secondary measure after an initial alarm is triggered by the body scanner. "Our agents are trained to use the least invasive methods possible," Farbstein said. "But if something is detected during the body scanner screening, a pat-down may be necessary to ensure the safety of all passengers." Despite the controversy surrounding the new procedures, the TSA maintains that they are necessary for ensuring the safety of all travelers. In addition to the new screening procedures, TSA agents will also be receiving additional training on communication techniques to improve the overall passenger experience. "We understand that traveling can be stressful, and we want to do everything we can to make the process as smooth as possible," Farbstein said. "By improving our screening procedures and communication with passengers, we hope to make the security screening process less intrusive and more efficient." The new procedures will be implemented in airports across the country over the coming weeks. The TSA encourages all travelers to review their website for information on what to expect during the security screening process and to arrive at the airport early to allow plenty of time to get through security.