article: The father of a New York City teen who drowned on a class trip in June received a phone call from the school last week to discuss his son’s poor attendance. Though Jean Fritz Pierre, 16, died over the summer while swimming in a Bear Mountain State Park, his Prospect Park, Brooklyn high school evidentally didn’t update their records and put in the insensitive call to his still grieving father. Now Jonas Pierre says he’s stricken by the death all over again as he comes to grips with how this horrific mistake could have happened. Grave mistake: Jean Fritz Pierre drowned in June while on a class trip to Bear Mountain State Park in New York's Hudson Valley, but his father got a call from his high school about his son's absences just last week . Sad: The 16-year-old's father Jonas Pierre recalled saying, 'Don't you know my son is dead?' Pierre, 39, is suing the city of New York, who he blames for his son's untimely death . ‘I think, why are you calling, why are you telling me this,’ Pierre, 39, recalled to the New York Daily News. ‘Don’t you know my son is dead?’ Jean Fritz Pierre died in June while on a field trip with Prospect Heights International High School. The 16-year-old was trying to cool off after a hike in sweltering heat and drowned while swimming in Hessian Lake in the Hudson Valley. Schools Chancellor Dennis Walcott says the students had been on a hike when Pierre and another student decided to go into the water, even though they weren't supposed to go in. That's when Pierre drowned. The supervisors of the class trip were . cleared of wrongdoing in Pierre’s death, which was deemed an accidental . drowning, but this most recent development makes the school look . negligent in a different way. ‘Maybe . the school doesn’t think it’s important, but it’s important to me,’ he . told the Daily News. ‘I don’t think I could ever get another son like . him.’ The Education Department said they would remedy the situation. ‘We . apologize for any pain or suffering this may have caused the family and . are checking all data systems to ensure that the family doesn’t receive . these calls anymore,’ agency spokeswoman Erin Hughes told the Daily . News. Pierre plans to sue the school system, which he still blames for his son’s death. His attorney Mark Rayo said that Pierre has yet to get an apology from the city. ‘They added insult to injury,’ said Rayo. ‘How neglectful can you get?’ Despite warnings, Pierre drowned in Hessian Lake in June. Now, as his father has stiill only just begun to grieve, his pain has been amplified by the phone call, for which his lawyer Mark Rayo says Pierre has yet to get an apology .
highlights: Jean Fritz Pierre, 16, died while swimming in a lake on a school trip in June . His father Jonas Pierre, who is already suing the city for $10M, says the school called to discuss his son's record of skipping class .
id: 60622a4e38125f9c7e72450ecdc55206ce564bfe
chatgpt: The death of Jean Fritz Pierre, a 16-year-old student, has sent shockwaves through the community after he drowned during a school trip in June. While the incident has already led to a lawsuit against the city, new details have emerged which have raised further concerns. According to Jonas Pierre, the father of the deceased, he received a phone call from the school after his son's death. During the conversation, the school officials allegedly brought up Jean's record of skipping classes. This revelation has left the grieving father feeling outraged and frustrated. "I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My son had just died, and all they wanted to talk about was his attendance record? It was insulting," said Pierre in a statement. His claim has been backed up by other members of the community who say they have seen evidence of the school's harsh disciplinary policies in the past. "The school is known for being tough on the students. They have a lot of rules, and if you break them, you're immediately punished. It's not surprising that they would bring up Jean's attendance record even after his death," said a parent who asked to remain anonymous. The revelation has led to calls for an investigation into the school's conduct and disciplinary policies. Critics argue that the school's focus on attendance and rigid rules puts undue pressure on students and may contribute to a culture of fear and anxiety. "Schools should focus on creating a safe and nurturing environment for students, not punishing them for minor infractions. This tragedy just highlights the need for change in the way we approach student discipline," said David Williams, a local activist. Meanwhile, the lawsuit filed by Jonas Pierre against the city is still ongoing. The lawsuit seeks $10 million in damages and alleges that the city was negligent in its duty to ensure the safety of the students during the school trip. The tragedy has left the community in mourning and has prompted a wider discussion about the importance of creating safe environments for students. While the investigation into the school's conduct is ongoing, many are hoping that the tragedy will lead to meaningful changes in the way students are treated in the classroom.