article: By . David Wilkes . PUBLISHED: . 18:59 EST, 18 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:51 EST, 19 July 2013 . Savvy punters take note of a horse’s breeding – but at County Kerry yesterday, they were probably more impressed by the heritage of a jockey. Lester Piggott’s 19-year-old son Jamie took part in his first professional race, riding Pivotal Rock in the 2.55 at Killarney. A flurry of bets fuelled by sentiment, and perhaps a Guinness or two, saw his odds tumble from 10-1 to 6-1 in the space of two hours. Like father, like son: Jamie Piggott, 19, pictured left yesterday as he made his horse racing debut. His father Lester is pictured right aged 16. By the time he was Jamie's age he had already become a regular winner . Then, when a hotly-fancied horse was ruled out by a bruised foot, Pivotal Rock became the favourite. Sadly, there was no fairytale ending: Jamie could only finish eighth out of 13 riders in the Grand Live Music Venue Handicap flat race. His birth – the result of an affair between his father and his personal assistant, Anna Ludlow – resulted in Lester splitting his time between the homes of his mistress and his wife Susan, situated just a few miles apart in Newmarket. Piggott Senior, 77, stayed away yesterday, perhaps mindful of the pressure his presence would pile on. By Jamie’s age he had already secured the first of his nine Epsom Derby victories, having won his first race at just 12. 'I¿m planning to make a career of it': Piggott junior returns to the unsaddling enclosure after finishing eighth in the Killarney Grand Live Music Handicap. Bookies have him 50-1 to be champion jockey in the UK by 2019 . His son remains upbeat. ‘It was good, I really enjoyed it,’ he said after the race. ‘It was a great experience and I’m planning to make a career of it.’ One bookmaker, Coral, is already quoting him at 50-1 to be champion jockey in the UK by 2019 – a title his father won 11 times. He may not yet have his father’s winning touch – but he certainly has the looks of a champion.
highlights: Jamie Piggott came eighth in the 2.55 at Killarney yesterday . A flurry of bets fuelled by sentiment saw him become favourite in the race . Bookies have him 50-1 to be the UK's champion jockey by 2019 .
id: b02a01dcd5baae61a334622ee4e101a39f6b9dbc
chatgpt: Jamie Piggott, a 22-year-old jockey, has made headlines after coming in eighth in the 2.55 race at Killarney yesterday. Despite not finishing in the top spots, Piggott was able to capture the hearts of many fans who had placed their bets on him. In the hours leading up to the race, a flurry of bets had been placed on Piggott, with many punters citing their sentimental attachment to the young jockey. As a result, Piggott became the favourite to win the race. However, it was not meant to be for Piggott, as he faced tough competition from more experienced jockeys. Despite this setback, Piggott has remained optimistic about his future in the sport. Bookies have also taken notice of Piggott's potential, as they recently gave him odds of 50-1 to become the UK's champion jockey by 2019. While some have dismissed these odds as unrealistic, Piggott has not let the skeptics get in the way of his dreams. "I know I have a long way to go, but I'm willing to put in the hard work to get there," Piggott said in a recent interview. "I'm grateful to all the fans who have supported me, and I'm determined to make them proud." Piggott comes from a family with a rich history in horse racing. His grandfather, Lester Piggott, is a legend in the sport, having won multiple Grand National titles and numerous other races throughout his career. Following in his grandfather's footsteps, Piggott has already shown promise in his young career. He has secured several wins in smaller races and has been steadily climbing the ranks in the competitive world of horse racing. Despite his recent disappointment at Killarney, Piggott's fans are confident that he will bounce back stronger than ever. With his determination and talent, there is no doubt that he has a bright future ahead of him in the world of horse racing. In conclusion, Jamie Piggott may not have won the 2.55 race at Killarney, but he has won the hearts of many fans with his talent and determination. His odds of becoming the UK's champion jockey may have seemed unrealistic to some, but with his family history and potential, anything is possible in the world of horse racing.