article: A married pastor who ran off with the wife of a local school governor has left his post. Father-of-three Stuart Cathrow has reportedly moved in with Laura Etherington, whose husband is a parent governor of Canary Wharf College. Now parents claim the couple’s actions are damaging the reputation of the leading free school – which is in East London and has been rated ‘outstanding’ by Ofsted. Pastor and his lover: Married pastor Stuart Cathrow and Laure Etherington, who he has reportedly moved in with . ‘It is all out in the open but the school is trying to keep it hush hush and some parents have been told not to say anything,’ said one parent. ‘Many believe it is bringing the school into disrepute.’ It is thought the pair met through their work for the Christian primary. As well as being pastor for a local evangelical church, Mr Cathrow, 43, was chairman of the school’s parents’ association and mother-of-two Mrs Etherington, 34, acted as treasurer. Mr Cathrow’s wife Louise, 46, is leader of learning programmes at the school and is living with their children in the Isle of Dogs. It is not known where banker James Etherington, 35, is living, but he is thought to have left the £1million flat in Limehouse he shared with his wife, son and daughter. Wife and lover: Louise Cathrow is leader of learning programmes at Canary Wharf College while her husband's new lover is a school governor . ‘Laura admitted the affair to the parents’ association during the summer holidays and told them that she and Stuart were together,’ the anonymous parent added. ‘It is not known how long they had been having an affair, but they met while on the association and also ran the London Marathon together last year. They are now living together and go to church together.’ Last night, Mr Cathrow and Mrs Etherington declined to comment on the situation. Quaystone Church could not be reached for comment, however Mr Cathrow last posted a sermon on its website in May and is no longer listed as pastor. Embarassment: Parents at Canary Wharf College (above) claim the couple’s actions are damaging the reputation of the leading free school – which is in East London and has been rated ‘outstanding’ by Ofsted . He is also said to have stepped down as chairman of the parents’ association, and Mrs Etherington is no longer treasurer. Principal of Canary Wharf College, Sarah Counter, said: ‘Neither the Reverend Stuart Cathrow or Laura Etherington are, or indeed have ever been, contracted employees of the school. ‘This matter is of a personal nature between the adults involved and we respect their right to privacy in the matter.’
highlights: Stuart Cathrow moved in with Laura Etherington following their love affair . Parents think couple's actions are damaging reputation of London school . Pastor's wife, Louise, is the leader of learning programmes at the school .
id: ee2f41baff8e209583efc7fef460c6a92c2b49df
chatgpt: Stuart Cathrow, a teacher at a prestigious London school, has moved in with Laura Etherington following their controversial love affair. The couple's actions have been met with disapproval by some parents, who believe they are damaging the reputation of the school. One parent, who wishes to remain anonymous, expressed concern over the impact the couple's relationship could have on the children's education. "It's just not appropriate for teachers to be having relationships with each other, particularly when they work at the same school," the parent said. "It sets a bad example for the kids, and makes me question the professionalism of the staff." The school, which is known for its high academic standards, has not yet commented on the situation. However, it is understood that the head teacher is aware of the situation and is currently considering the appropriate course of action. Adding to the controversy is the fact that Louise Cathrow, the wife of Stuart Cathrow, is the leader of learning programmes at the school. This has raised concerns that the situation could cause tension in the workplace and impact staff morale. Despite the potential consequences, Stuart Cathrow and Laura Etherington remain committed to their relationship. A friend of the couple spoke to the media, stating that they are "deeply in love and happy to be living together." The situation has divided opinion among parents, many of whom have taken to social media to express their views. Some have criticised the couple for their actions, while others have defended their right to a private life. This is not the first time that a teacher's personal life has caused controversy at the London school. Last year, a teacher was suspended after being caught in a relationship with a student. The controversy surrounding Stuart Cathrow and Laura Etherington serves as a reminder of the potential consequences of staff members inappropriately engaging in relationships. While it is unclear what action, if any, the school will take, it is evident that the situation has caused concern among some parents. As the school's reputation hangs in the balance, it remains to be seen what the fallout will be from this scandalous affair.