article: Bensalem, Pennsylvania (CNN) -- About 100 vehicles were involved in a series of wrecks on the eastbound Pennsylvania Turnpike just north of Philadelphia on Friday morning, injuring at least 30 people and causing a traffic backup for hours over parts of two counties, officials said. Glare from the rising sun and ice -- left over from a storm that dropped snow and freezing rain in the Philadelphia area -- might have been factors, state police Trooper Adam Reed said. The wrecks started around 8:25 a.m. ET with a 14- or 15-vehicle collision in southern Bucks County, not far from New Jersey state line, said Bill Capone, spokesman for the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission. About 20 more sets of wrecks stretching for miles occurred on the turnpike, said Pat Ponticelli, Bensalem Township's deputy director of public safety. Each apparently happeed as traffic slowed for crashes ahead. In a number of areas, smashed vehicles were piled into each other with their front ends pointing in different directions, aerial video from CNN affiliate WPVI showed. In one spot, at least nine vehicles appeared to be crunched in a jumbled group behind a tractor-trailer. In another, a couple of vehicles had come to rest against a jackknifed truck. Thirty people were hurt, including five with serious, but non-life-threatening injuries, Reed said. More than half of those injured were taken to Abington Memorial Hospital, where they were diagnosed with minor to moderate injuries, Dr. John J. Kelly, the chief of staff, said. "I think we really saw mostly what we would call soft-tissue injuries, bumps and scrapes type of injuries," he said. Traffic was moving again in one affected section of the turnpike by 2 p.m., video from CNN affiliate KYW showed. Pennsylvania State Police said it hoped to have the road fully open by 5 p.m. Heather Pasco, a driver involved in one of the crashes, told KYW that she thought she was a goner. Pasco said she had stopped her car after she saw "cars bouncing off of the center divider." Although she stopped, a truck behind her didn't, she said. "I looked in my rearview mirror, and there was a big ... truck right behind me, and he was trying to stop, but he was sliding and he slammed right into the back of me, which then made me slam into the car in front of me," she told KYW. "I saw him (in the mirror), and I thought I was done," Pasco added. "The entire back end of my car is gone." Police told her that her wreck was about 3.5 miles behind the initial crash, she said. She said the road, after snow and freezing rain had fallen in the area, wasn't "really plowed very well." Traffic was backed up for miles, stretching west into adjacent Montgomery County. CNN's John Newsome, Lena Jakobsson and John Fricke contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: A number of the victims suffered soft-tissue injuries, a doctor says . Crash victim says truck sandwiched her car into another vehicle; 'I thought I was done' At least 30 people are taken to hospitals, turnpike commission says . About 100 vehicles crash on Pennsylvania Turnpike north of Philadelphia, official says .
id: 0b1bc8ec79175cdf9457d734226bf7288eb31cf2
chatgpt: In a terrifying accident that left many injured, a massive pileup occurred on the Pennsylvania Turnpike just north of Philadelphia. According to officials from the turnpike commission, at least 100 vehicles were involved in the crash, resulting in numerous injuries and an extensive cleanup. The accident occurred during rush hour on Friday morning, leading to a massive traffic jam as emergency responders rushed to the scene. According to witnesses, the crash began when a truck lost control and hit several cars, causing a chain reaction that led to a pileup involving dozens of vehicles. One victim of the accident, who was driving on the turnpike at the time, described her harrowing experience to reporters. "It happened so fast," she said. "All of a sudden, there was a truck next to me, and then it was sandwiching my car into another vehicle. I thought I was done." Fortunately, the victim in question was able to escape with only minor injuries, but many others were not so lucky. According to a doctor who treated victims of the accident, several suffered soft-tissue injuries that required medical attention. At least 30 people were taken to hospitals as a result of the pileup, which caused extensive damage to the vehicles involved. Emergency responders worked tirelessly to clear the wreckage from the turnpike, using cranes and other equipment to remove the damaged vehicles. The cleanup effort lasted for hours, causing major delays and disruptions for drivers traveling on the turnpike. Officials are still investigating the cause of the accident, but initial reports suggest that icy road conditions and high speeds may have played a factor. The pileup serves as a reminder of the importance of safe driving practices, particularly in winter weather conditions. Despite the severity of the accident, emergency responders were able to act quickly and effectively to ensure that victims received the care they needed. The incident also highlights the importance of emergency preparedness and the need for communities to have the resources and personnel necessary to respond to major disasters. Moving forward, officials will likely continue to review the circumstances surrounding the accident to determine how similar incidents can be avoided in the future. In the meantime, drivers are advised to exercise caution when traveling on the turnpike and to follow all traffic laws and regulations to ensure their safety on the road.