article: (CNN) -- Had enough of Ebola news coverage? Wait until you see the TV series. According to The Hollywood Reporter, director Ridley Scott and producer Lynda Obst are getting behind a limited TV series based on Richard Preston's 1994 best-seller, "The Hot Zone." The two have actually had the property for years and have been developing its latest iteration for several months. With the disease back in the news -- with fear of an epidemic just as timely -- the topicality of the subject is all-too-perfect for a series, Obst told the publication. "I think it's the speed with which it kills that makes the disease so frightening," she said. "People hoped it would stay in some remote part of the world. But that's a fantasy in the modern world. The modern world makes us one big connected family." Steven Soderbergh's 2011 film "Contagion" addressed similar issues. That movie's screenwriter, Scott Z. Burns, told The Wrap that his main concern is less with the disease itself than with the fear and fear-mongering. "What scares me more than Ebola are the more mundane viruses of stupidity and fear and partisan politics," Burns said. Deadly diseases: Epidemics throughout history . The Ebola outbreak, which started in March, has killed almost 4,500 people in West Africa, and the World Health Organization estimates there could be up to 10,000 new Ebola cases per week in the three hardest-hit nations by the end of the year. However, WHO announced the end of the Ebola outbreak in Senegal on Friday and hopes to do the same with Nigeria on Monday. In the meantime, a handful of cases have emerged in the United States, fanning concern and leading to the appointment of an "Ebola czar." Texas worker quarantined on cruise ship . Scott may direct the first episode of the series, says The Hollywood Reporter. Author Preston, who wrote the basis for "The Hot Zone" for The New Yorker in 1992, has another story coming out in the magazine about Ebola soon. Obst, who is one of the producers of Christopher Nolan's forthcoming "Interstellar," has high hopes for the project. "A limited series is a great way to do this because you don't have to limit it to a three-act structure like you do with a film," she said.
highlights: Ridley Scott, Lynda Obst doing an Ebola-themed TV series . Story will be drawn from Richard Preston's best-seller, "The Hot Zone" Disease has killed almost 4,500 in Africa . Worries have stoked fear, been aired in Washington .
id: c985a7d41e284027a7b8ac1233a92fd33358a573
chatgpt: Renowned film director, Ridley Scott, and producer Lynda Obst are teaming up for an Ebola-themed TV series based on Richard Preston's best-selling book, "The Hot Zone". The book tells the story of the Ebola virus and the dangers it poses. The recent outbreak in Africa has killed nearly 4,500 people and caused widespread fear around the world, prompting discussions in Washington. The series will focus on the efforts of doctors and scientists to contain the disease and prevent it from spreading. It will showcase the bravery and dedication of those who put their lives on the line to stop the epidemic, and the devastating consequences for those who failed to act. Scott and Obst, who previously worked together on the hit movie "The Martian", said they were drawn to the project because of its importance and relevance to current events. "The Hot Zone tells a powerful story about the bravery of those fighting to contain the Ebola virus", said Obst. "We hope to do justice to Richard Preston's remarkable book and shed light on this critical issue." The Ebola virus has been a constant concern in recent years, with fear of a global pandemic growing after the 2014 outbreak in West Africa. While the virus has not yet spread on a global scale, its potential to do so continues to worry experts. The TV series is expected to draw attention to the importance of acting quickly to contain outbreaks of disease, and to the need for greater cooperation between countries to address global health challenges. In the US, the recent Ebola scare has stoked fear and prompted heated debate in Washington. Critics say the government was slow to act and failed to take the necessary precautions to prevent the spread of the disease. Others argue that the panic was unfounded and caused unnecessary alarm. Despite these concerns, experts say that the risk of an Ebola outbreak in the US is low, and that the focus should be on preventing further outbreaks in Africa. The new TV series, which promises to be both informative and thrilling, is sure to be one to watch.