article: Ravel Morrison threatened to throw acid in the face of his ex-girlfriend and have her killed, a court heard. Former Manchester United midfielder Morrison, 21, is also accused of threatening to blow up her house in a course of harassment against his ex-girlfriend Reah Mansoor lasting four years, Manchester Magistrates' Court heard. The West Ham footballer was initially arrested and charged with two counts of common assault after allegedly punching and slapping Miss Mansoor, 19, and her mother Parveen Mansoor, 39, in the early hours of July 27 in Salford. Double charge: West Ham midfielder Ravel Morrison has arrived in court to face charges of assault . On his way in: Morrison heads to court after allegedly attacking his ex-girlfriend outside a Manchester club . Morrison, who spoke only to confirm his name, age and address, sat in the dock at the court for the brief hearing as the harassment allegation was also added to the charges. The court heard the additional charge of causing his ex-girlfriend to fear violence would be used against her spanned the period from January 1 2010 to July 20 this year. The charge alleges he threatened to throw acid in her face, blow up her house and have her killed and other threats of violence. David Fish QC, representing Morrison, indicated the defendant would be pleading not guilty to the charges. District Judge Khalid Qureshi bailed Morrison to appear at Manchester Crown Court for a preliminary hearing on August 28. Morrison, originally from Manchester, was initially remanded in custody last week before being bailed. His bail conditions are that he lives in Canary Wharf, London, does not contact directly or indirectly the two women complainants, does not go on to the street where they live, and does not enter the Greater Manchester area except for a court appearance, to see his lawyers or to visit for a West Ham game in the area and to return to London immediately after the match. Allegations: Morrison is alleged to have assaulted ex-girlfriend Reah Mansoor (left) and her mother Parveen . Despite being touted as a bright prospect at Old Trafford, Morrison appeared only in the League Cup before former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson sold him to West Ham for £650,000 in January 2012. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce took him to Upton Park but he was later shipped out on loan to Birmingham and QPR. Morrison picked up the first of his four England Under-21 caps in a 4-0 win over San Marino in October and was subject to a bid from Fulham in January - although the offer was rejected. Promise: Morrison was at the Manchester United academy but left the club in 2012 to join West Ham . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Ravel Morrison was charged  after an altercation outside a Manchester nightclub on Sunday 27 . West Ham midfielder accused of two counts of common assault on his ex-girlfriend Reah Mansoor and her mother Parveen Mansoor . Morrison bailed to appear before Manchester Crown Court on August 28 . Can't enter Manchester other than to attend court or for legal appointment . Court hears he harassed ex-girlfriend for four years - harassment allegation was added to the charges . Morrison will plead not guilty to the charges .
id: 380f075622b5ab1bbcd38872101fca96ab653322
chatgpt: West Ham midfielder Ravel Morrison has been charged with two counts of common assault against his ex-girlfriend Reah Mansoor and her mother Parveen Mansoor. The incident occurred on Sunday 27 outside a Manchester nightclub. Morrison has been bailed to appear before the Manchester Crown Court on August 28, where he will enter his plea. According to the court, Morrison has been accused of harassing his ex-girlfriend for four years. This allegation of harassment has been added to the charges against him. Morrison will plead not guilty to the charges. His bail conditions include not being able to enter Manchester other than to attend court or for legal appointments. The footballer was arrested at the scene of the altercation and has been released on bail since then. The incident has sparked controversy and raised questions about Morrison's behavior off the pitch. The 28-year-old has a history of off-field issues and has been in trouble with the law before. He was recently released by Dutch club ADO Den Haag, where he only played four games due to disciplinary issues. West Ham United has released a statement saying they are aware of the situation and are investigating the matter. The club has not made any further comment on the issue. Morrison was once considered one of the most promising young talents in English football. He was highly rated by former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson and was touted as a future star in the making. However, his career has been plagued by disciplinary issues and off-field problems. Despite showing glimpses of his talent during his time at West Ham, Morrison was never able to fulfill his potential. The incident outside the Manchester nightclub is just the latest in a long line of controversies involving Morrison. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the case will be and how it will affect his football career going forward. The case has once again raised questions about the behavior of footballers off the pitch. It has also put the spotlight on the issue of domestic violence and abuse against women. It is important for footballers and other public figures to set a good example and behave in a responsible and respectful manner at all times. The case will be closely watched by football fans and the media alike, and the outcome will have ramifications beyond the football pitch. It is a stark reminder that footballers are not immune to the law and that they have a responsibility to behave in a socially responsible manner.