article: By . Nick Enoch . PUBLISHED: . 07:33 EST, 11 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:52 EST, 11 December 2013 . Doing a bungee jump from 330ft is risky enough. But to make that leap from a live electricity pylon - and then zip-line to the ground with your ropes just below power cables - takes it to a whole new level. But you won't find the word 'fear' in daredevil Elena Kazachenko's Russian dictionary. This is the incredible moment the 23-year-old, from Vladivostok, made that very jump. In a dramatic sequence of images, the adrenaline junkie can be seen leaping from a makeshift wooden beam precariously placed over the edge of the structure. Scroll down for video . She wouldn't dare... 330ft off the ground, Elena Kazachenko prepares to jump from a live electricity pylon, with a smoke flare attached to her ankle . Oh yes she would: The 23-year-old Russian jumps off a wooden beam on Elena Island, near Vladivostok . Elena said: 'My life was missing something at the time of the jump. I needed to add some excitement and to do something extreme' However, instead of plummeting nearly . 330ft (100m) to the ground below, she is suddenly snatched to safety by a . self-made zip-line running just below live electric wires. And as if diving off a huge tower wasn't . dramatic enough, Elena even leaves behind a . stream of coloured smoke from a signal flare attached to her ankle. Taken at Elena Island, near Valdivostok, the images prove she has nerves of steel by narrowly avoiding live electric wires on her perilous journey downwards. She said: 'My life was missing something at the time of the jump. I needed to add some excitement and to do something extreme. Daredevil Elena Kazachenko, seen here standing at the top of the electricity pylon, went into freefall for about four seconds . As if diving off a huge tower wasn't dramatic enough, Elena even leaves behind a stream of coloured smoke . Instead of plummeting nearly 330ft (100m) to the ground below, she is suddenly snatched to safety by a self-made zip line running just below live electric cables . '2013 has the been the most extreme . year of my life. Bungee jumping is not my only hobby - I also enjoy . snowboarding, cliff diving and slack lining [balancing on a nylon wire . between two tethered points] but this was by far my favourite moment. 'The pylon was definitely in use when . I jumped, but I don't worry too much about the safety aspect. That's . all part of the thrill. 'I believe the tower is around 100 metres high and I was freefalling for over four seconds. It was incredible. 'You need to do it yourself to really understand the feeling. 'Inside you have a feeling of absolute freedom mixed with adrenaline and fear, while outside a strong stream of air envelopes your whole body while the wind roars against your ears.' Bungee jumping is just one of Elena's leisure pursuits. She also enjoys cliff diving and snowboarding .
highlights: Elena Kazachenko, 23, jumped from pylon on Elena Island, near Vladivostok with smoke flare attached to her ankle .
id: bb024bb0d0bab2a7ea48b175e562f2f3ee2183cc
chatgpt: A young woman identified as Elena Kazachenko created chaos on Elena Island on Sunday after jumping from a pylon with a smoke flare attached to her ankle. The 23-year-old's daring stunt initially drew applause from onlookers before the situation quickly turned to panic. Elena Island is located near Vladivostok, a port city in Russia's far east. Witnesses reported that Kazachenko was wearing a wetsuit and an orange buoyancy aid when she made the jump. She also had a backpack on her back, which contained more flares and some food. According to one witness, Kazachenko climbed on top of a pylon before attaching the smoke flare to her ankle. Soon after, she jumped off the pylon into the water with the flare still burning. Her actions were greeted with cheers and applause, as some onlookers believed this to be a performance or a publicity stunt. However, moments later, they realized the situation was anything but harmless. As the smoke spread across the island, many visitors started to panic and run for their lives. A special rescue team was immediately dispatched to the island, followed by the police and firefighters. They quickly evacuated the area and tried to locate Kazachenko, who had disappeared in the water. A helicopter was deployed to search the area by air, but Kazachenko was not found. Later, search teams located her body in the water. The authorities confirmed that she had died on impact with the water after the fall. Investigations into Kazachenko's motives and her background have begun, and her social media accounts are being closely examined. Although her actions appeared to be premeditated, the exact reasons behind her decision to jump with the smoke flare on her ankle are not yet clear. As the news of her death spread, many people took to social media to express their condolences and shock. Some were also critical of her actions, which they saw as reckless and irresponsible. They argued that her bravado could have easily led to injury or even death for other people on the island. This tragic incident has once again highlighted the dangers of challenging stunts that draw bigger crowds than necessary. It is a wake-up call that such actions should be done responsibly, keeping in mind the safety of oneself and others. The authorities have cautioned people against performing such dangerous stunts and urged visitors to be mindful of the dangers involved in adventures that may appear exciting but can be deadly. In many countries, such stunts are actually considered illegal, and violators can face penalties or even arrests. Elena Kazachenko's tragic death reminds us that life is precious, and we should treat it with the utmost respect. Her loss is a tragedy for her family and loved ones, and we can only hope that they find some solace in this difficult time.