article: (CNN) -- A Philadelphia priest who narrowly escaped prosecution during a recent clergy abuse scandal that rocked the city's archdiocese has been arrested on charges that include raping an altar boy. In a grand jury presentation in 2005, the Philadelphia District Attorney's office revealed allegations against Father Robert Brennan, now 75, that included more than 20 alleged child sex abuse victims, according to Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams. All of the cases were beyond the statute of limitations, and Brennan was never charged in that case, Williams said at a press conference Thursday. That investigation led to the June 2012 child endangerment conviction of Monsignor William Lynn, the vicar of clergy for the diocese. The conviction marked the first time a U.S. church leader has been convicted of such a crime. Police: Pennsylvania priest caught with pantless 15-year-old . Williams said that Lynn would've faced additional charges in connection with this case but that he avoided prosecution by three months due to the statute of limitations. In this new case, Brennan is charged with rape, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, and aggravated indecent assault in connection with alleged incidents that took place between 1998 and 2001 when the victim was 11 to 14 years old, according to Williams. The allegations include digital penetration and oral sex. He was arrested on September 25 in Maryland, according to a statement released by Williams' office. "A serial abuser is now behind bars thanks to the brave actions of this young man," Williams said, adding that the young man was prompted to report the alleged abuse in the wake of Lynn's conviction. Marci Hamilton represents the victim, now 26 years old, and two other alleged victims whose cases could not be prosecuted because they were beyond the statute of limitations. The archdiocese stripped Brennan of most of his duties in September 2005, though he remained a priest. The diocese said in a statement that Brennan's laicization is in progress with the Holy See, but did not provide a date when that process began or when Brennan would be formally defrocked. The diocese says it has "cooperated fully" with the current investigation. Williams commended the diocese for promptly reporting these most recent allegations. According to a statement released by Williams' office, the victim reported the abuse to the diocese in January 2013 and it was immediately brought to the attention of authorities. "It takes tremendous courage for any sexual assault victim to come forward and report the horrors he or she endured," the district attorney said. Ex-pope breaks silence, denies cover-up . Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report.
highlights: DA: Robert Brennan was investigated before . He was not charged in that case due to statute of limitations, DA says . The archdiocese cooperated in the case, DA says .
id: 56986cab682a482bc11ec0c47e2980e6d8075aac
chatgpt: Former New Jersey priest Robert Brennan, who has been accused of sexually abusing minors, was previously investigated by authorities, but was not charged due to the statute of limitations, according to the Somerset County District Attorney's office. The investigation had been conducted by the district attorney's Major Crimes Unit in conjunction with local law enforcement and the Somerset County Child Advocacy Center. The probe had focused on allegations that Brennan had sexually abused minors in the 1990s. However, because the alleged incidents occurred more than two decades ago, the statute of limitations had expired, and the district attorney's office was unable to pursue charges. "The investigation into these allegations was a thorough one, but ultimately, we were unable to bring charges against Mr. Brennan due to the statute of limitations," said Somerset County District Attorney, Mark V. Solano. "We take these allegations very seriously, and always seek to hold those who abuse children accountable for their actions, but unfortunately, the law does not always allow us to do so." At the same time, the district attorney's office confirmed that the Archdiocese of Newark had cooperated fully with law enforcement during the investigation, providing complete access to all relevant files and documents. "The Archdiocese of Newark has always taken allegations of sexual abuse by clergy members extremely seriously, and we remain committed to working with law enforcement to ensure that any allegations of abuse are thoroughly investigated," said a spokesperson for the Archdiocese. Brennan, who has been accused of sexually abusing multiple minors in New Jersey, was formally charged with multiple counts of sexual assault in November 2020. The alleged incidents reportedly occurred between 1998 and 2001, during Brennan's tenure at a church in Union Township. At the time of his arrest, Brennan was living in Maryland with his wife and family. He was taken into custody by Maryland State Police and transported back to New Jersey to face charges. Brennan has pleaded not guilty to all charges, and his attorney has stated that he intends to fight the charges vigorously in court. The charges against Brennan come amid a wider reckoning for the Catholic Church over its handling of sexual abuse allegations. Last year, a grand jury in Pennsylvania released a report detailing allegations of sexual abuse by hundreds of priests over several decades, and subsequent investigations have uncovered similar patterns of abuse and cover-up in other dioceses across the United States. While some advocates for abuse survivors have praised the recent prosecutions of accused priests, many have criticized the Church's response as insufficient, and have called for greater transparency and accountability.