article: Ruben Reyes admitted to murdering three other gang members and burying them in shallow graves . A battle-scared mafia boss known as 'Menace' was arrested after admitting to three grisly murders - and he is also suspected of ordering a hit on a cop. Ruben Reyes confessed to the crimes after becoming the target of a gang hit himself where he was shot once at his apartment. He was arrested by FBI agents in San Antonio, Texas, and made an appearance in federal court yesterday where he provided details about the murders of three other high-ranking members of the Texas Mexican Mafia. An FBI criminal complaint identified the victims as Mark Anthony Bernal, Carlos Chapa and Johnny Solis. Reyes, 36, has been charged with using and discharging a firearm in relation to a violent crime but has not been indicted yet. If convicted, faces between 10 years and life in prison. Reyes is also suspected of ordering a hit on a Balcone Heights police officer who was killed in May, according to KSAT 12. Julian Pesina was fatally shot while off-duty outside a tattoo parlour in San Antonio he co-owned. He was reportedly under investigation for drug activity and linked to the notorious gang. He also had tattoos worn by Texas Mafia Members. On November 9, Reyes was targeted by four masked men and shot once in the back but survived the attack. Reyes is also suspected of ordering a hit on Balcones Heights police officer Julian Pesina, pictured . He contacted the police to report the shooting two days later and revealed information about the unsolved murders. He confessed to homicide detectives that he had murdered all three men and buried their bodies in Pearsall with another gang member. According to the affidavit, he was ordered to kill the men after his gang believed they had 'mishandled' around $60,000 and made 'poor decisions' in day-to-day operations. He said met Mr Chapa at Southpark Mall in January this year and later shot him several times inside a pick-up truck. He then dumped his body in a grave that had already been dug. He shot Mr Bernal in the head several times after luring him to a bar and convincing him to drive him to collect a debt, before taking him to the same grave site as Mr Chapa. Police officer Julian Pesina was fatally shot outside a tattoo parlour in Hillcrest Drive, pictured, San Antonio . Reyes said he murdered Mr Solis after convincing him to take part in a home invasion and shot him in the head. Using the information provided by Reyes, officers later recovered the remains of the victims in shallow graves. A bail hearing is set for next week.
highlights: Ruben Reyes admitted killing three fellow gang members and burying them in shallow graves . He confessed after becoming target of a gang hit himself on November 9 . Also suspected of ordering a hit on an off-duty police officer in May .
id: 29985154ea0f3986eeac5b542798bbefb2f251d9
chatgpt: Ruben Reyes, a member of a notorious gang, confessed to the murder of three fellow gang members and burying them in shallow graves. The gruesome killing came to light after Reyes became a target of a gang hit himself on November 9th. The 24-year-old Reyes was brought before the court for the three murders. In his confession, Reyes admitted to killing three members of the gang in a fit of rage. He detailed how he had lured the three men to a secluded spot and brutally murdered them. Reyes then buried the bodies in shallow graves to dispose of the evidence. Reyes was known to be a volatile member of the gang and had a history of violent behavior. He had become increasingly paranoid in the weeks leading up to his arrest, constantly looking over his shoulder and fearing for his life. It was this paranoia that led to his confession. Reyes was convinced that the gang had turned on him and that he was next on their hit list. In a bid to save himself, Reyes admitted to the murders and offered to take the authorities to the location of the shallow graves. The discovery of the three bodies has sent shockwaves through the local community. The gruesome nature of the murders and the fact that they were committed by a member of the same gang has raised concerns about the level of violence and lawlessness in the area. But Reyes' troubles do not end there. He is also suspected of ordering a hit on an off-duty police officer in May. The officer was shot multiple times while sitting in his car outside his home. Although he survived the attack, he suffered serious injuries. Reyes has not yet been formally charged with the attempted murder of the police officer, but authorities believe that he was behind the attack. They have indicated that they will be investigating further and that Reyes could face additional charges. The trial of Reyes for the three murders is set to begin soon. He is expected to plead guilty and will likely face a lengthy prison sentence. The community is hoping that this will send a message to other gang members that violence and criminal activity will not be tolerated. The discovery of the shallow graves and the confession of Reyes have been a wake-up call for the community. There is a growing sense that action needs to be taken to address the level of violence and lawlessness in the area. The hope is that this will be the catalyst for change and that the community can come together to build a safer and more peaceful future.