article: When Sarah Kam started getting labor pains, she decided to get in the car and head to the midwife's clinic. Not forgetting what the 33-year-old went through with her second child Ezra last year, she covered the back seats in blankets, just in case. But as they drove towards the Midwife's Place in Bellvue, Omaha, it became more apparent that history was going to repeat itself. During the 25-minute journey to the clinic, their third child, Evelyn, was born in exactly the same spot as her older brother - on the I-80 exit ramp to 42nd street. Family: Sarah Kam, 33, holds new-born Evelyn in front of her eldest son Ethan, three, and his brother Ezra (bottom right) who was also born on the ramp between 42nd street and the I-80 in Omaha, Nebraska . Last Thursday Mrs Kam and her software engineer husband Hugh, 49, thought they had left enough time to avoid having to pull over. But during the 25-minute journey, the contractions became more intense, prompting the mother-of-three to shout: 'Oh no, it's happening again. 'Stop the car! Stop the car! The baby is coming,' she screamed. Mr Kam thought they could make it to the nearby University of Nebraska medical center, but his wife shouted: 'You've got to catch her, or she's going to go on the floor.' Her husband then leaned over in the SUV and grabbed the infant who was crying. He then handed her to his wife and wrapped the new-born in a blanket. They then continued onto their intended destination, and Evelyn is said to be in good health. 'I was kind of nervous,' Mr Kam told the Omaha World Herald, 'because I was driving, and I had to pay attention to her and see how she reacted, because the baby could pop out anytime.' On February 15, 2013, Mrs Kam, went through an identical experience. Throughout the day her labor pains had been sporadic, according to the paper, but then they started coming more frequently. 'We were like, oh, my word, we have to leave now,' she said. As they stopped on the stretch of road, nurses from the nearby hospital rushed out after Mr Kam in, saying that his wife had just given birth in their car. Their first child, Ethan, was born in a hospital. Now, after their second roadside delivery, what's their plan if there's a fourth child? 'If there is,' Mrs Kam said, 'Maybe we'll just go park there (at the Midwife's Place) a month early or something, or as soon as the first contraction hits.' When he kids are older, the stay-at-home mother plans to go back to the spot and take a picture. Mr Kam told the paper: We wanted to avoid this happening again. But it not just happened, it happened in the same place... Lightning does strike twice in the same place . Birthplace: Evelyn Kam came into the world on the highway ramp between the I-80 and 42nd street on Thursday in Omaha, Nebraska .
highlights: Sarah Kam, 33, from Omaha, Nebraska, had Evelyn on the side of the road . Gave birth to her son Ezra on the I-80 exit ramp to 42nd street last year . Before she left for the clinic, her husband Hugh covered the back seats . Thought they would make it in time - but history repeated itself . Mrs Kam shouted: 'Oh no, it's happening again' while Mr Kam pulled over .
id: 71aa0f86010e150f710c78f3f36090c9965c0026
chatgpt: A Nebraska woman had an unexpected delivery on the side of the road last year. Sarah Kam, 33, from Omaha, gave birth to her son Ezra on the I-80 exit ramp to 42nd street. Kam was on her way to the clinic when she realized there wasn't going to be enough time. Despite the planning she and her husband, Hugh, had done, history had repeated itself. The couple had taken all the necessary precautions, covering the back seats of their car with a tarp and making sure they had everything they needed for the hospital. But when it came down to it, there simply wasn't enough time to make it to the clinic. Kam described the moment as surreal, saying she knew what was happening but couldn't quite believe it. She shouted out to her husband, "Oh no, it's happening again!" and he quickly pulled over to the side of the road to assist with the birth. Thanks to the couple's preparation and quick thinking, both mother and baby were safe and healthy. But the experience left the Kams shaken and wondering why they had been caught off guard again. After the birth of their first child on the side of the road, the couple thought they had learned their lesson. They made sure to have a backup plan in case they didn't make it to the hospital in time. But when it happened again, they knew they needed to take things to the next level. "We're going to have to start thinking about having an emergency birth kit in the car," said Hugh Kam. The incident highlights the importance of being prepared for the unexpected, especially when it comes to childbirth. While it's rare for a woman to give birth on the side of the road, it's important to have a plan in case it does happen. "If there's one thing we've learned, it's that you can never be too prepared," said Sarah Kam. "We thought we had everything covered, but we were wrong. Next time, we'll be ready." The Kams are grateful for the help they received from passersby and emergency responders, who arrived shortly after the birth to ensure that mother and child were safe. Their story serves as a reminder that life is unpredictable and that we never know what's going to happen next. But by staying calm, thinking on their feet, and being prepared for the unexpected, we can make the most out of every situation.