article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 12:01 EST, 13 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:58 EST, 13 February 2013 . Say it with...cucumber. Gin firm Hendricks have grown romantically-shaped cucumbers . Bored of flowers and roses? Then how about a cucumber to show your loved one how much you care? Spanish vegetable farmers have grown heart-shaped cucumbers just in time for Valentine's Day. The farmers grow the cucumbers with specially-designed heart-shaped moulds so that when the cucumber is sliced, it produces perfect romantic slices. While they may be good in salads, they were actually designed as garnishes for drinks. Banffshire-based Hendrick's Gin came up with the idea as sliced cucumber is a popular garnish to serve in gin-based drinks,particularly in Spain where there are bars devoted to gin where customers choose their preferred gin, tonic and garnish. The Scottish drinks company approached the Tecnova Technology Centre at the University of Almeria which was looking at ways to promote cucumbers following the 2011 E.coli crisis. They then asked farmers to grow the veg into the desired shape. Bars in Valencia, Seville, Barcelona . and Madrid have been serving drinks with the heart-shaped cucumber, and . the company says it will extend the cucumbers to Britain if they prove . popular enough on the continent. Romantic: The cucumbers are grown in heart-shaped moulds so that they look just right in your gin and tonic . David . Piper, a Hendrick's spokesman, said: 'The giving of a red rose or . sharing of a glass of bubbly are pleasant enough ways to mark . Valentine's Day. 'But a gin and tonic complete with a most unusual garnish of heart-shaped cucumber slices is even better. 'Over . the winter months, our cucumber plants have been slowly bearing their . most marvellous fruit and hopefully their work will start a few . Valentine's celebrations off in Spain.'
highlights: Unusually-shaped veg are grown by Spanish farmers in plastic heart moulds . Idea came from Scottish gin firm Hendrick's, as garnishes for gin and tonics .
id: 676b65c08fe30f25c65445e0154735253c7e864a
chatgpt: Spanish farmers have found a new way to grow vegetables with a twist: plastic heart moulds. The idea came from the Scottish gin firm, Hendrick’s, which wanted to take its garnishes to the next level by using interesting-shaped vegetables. The success of the brand inspired farmers in the region of Valencia, Spain to use the same technique. The plastic moulds, which are made in the shape of a heart, are filled with soil and then seeds are planted inside. As the vegetables grow, they take on the shape of the mould, creating an unusual and eye-catching appearance. So far, the farmers have had success growing carrots, cucumbers, and courgettes using this method. Not only do these unusually-shaped vegetables make for great garnishes, but they may also help farmers stand out in a competitive market. With more consumers becoming concerned about sustainability practices, unique food presentation can set apart one agricultural business from the other. The trend for unusual veg shapes is spreading. In Japan, farmers grow square watermelons that are easier to store and transport, as well as star-shaped cucumbers that are popular in gift baskets. Meanwhile, in South Korea, farmers have created triangular strawberries and heart-shaped tomatoes. While the technique of growing vegetables in moulds can take longer and requires additional planning and attention, the potential for higher profits from selling unique produce can make it worthwhile. As Valencia’s farmers experiment with the plastic heart moulds, it’s possible that they may discover new ways to grow other vegetables with similar distinctive shapes. As consumers become more adventurous and interest in sustainable practices rises, this latest trend in agriculture is likely to continue growing. The novel technique of using plastic moulds to grow vegetables may be just the beginning of a new era of creative farming practices.