article: (CNN) -- Ariel Castro was indicted Friday on 329 counts for allegedly kidnapping and holding captive three young women in his Cleveland house for 10 years, authorities said. One charge accuses the 52-year-old Castro of aggravated murder for purposely causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy, authorities said. One of the young women was allegedly impregnated five times by Castro, and another bore a child fathered by him, police have said. The indictment charges Castro with 139 counts of rape, 177 counts of kidnapping, seven counts of gross sexual imposition, three counts of felonious assault and one count of possession of criminal tools, Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty said in a statement. Castro will be arraigned next week, authorities said. The charges cover only half of the 10 years the three young were held captive -- from August 2002, when the first of three women disappeared off a Cleveland street, to February 2007. The three women were freed last month after one shouted for help while Castro was gone from the house. The prosecutor's capital review committee will consider whether the case is appropriate for seeking the death penalty once the indictment process is complete, the prosecutor's statement said. "Today's indictments represent a first major step in the criminal justice process,'' McGinty said in a statement. "Our investigation continues, and we will present our findings to the grand jury.'' The indictment alleges that Castro taped the legs and mouth of one woman identified as Jane Doe 2 and also chained her to a pole in the basement with a motorcycle helmet placed on her head. Castro also allegedly used a vacuum cord around her neck during a felonious assault and chained her to inside of a van, the indictment said. Castro allegedly used chains and tape in the basement to restrain another woman identified as Jane Doe 3, the indictment said. The victims were earlier identified by police as Michelle Knight, abducted at age 21 in August 2002; Amanda Berry, abducted at age 16 in April 2003 and who has a 6-year-old daughter by Castro; and Georgina "Gina" DeJesus, who was 14 when kidnapped in 2004. Jim Wooley, attorney for Berry and DeJesus, and Kathy Joseph, attorney for Michelle Knight, expressed satisfaction with the indictment. "We have a great legal system, plus confidence and faith in the prosecutor's office and its decisions. Now, we need to stand back and let the judicial process unfold," the attorneys said in a statement.
highlights: NEW: Attorneys for three kidnapped women have "confidence and faith" in prosecution . NEW: Indictment lists use of chains, tape, vacuum cord against women . Castro also faces 139 counts of rape, 177 counts of kidnapping, one aggravated murder charge . A prosecutor's committee will later consider whether seeking death penalty is appropriate .
id: 2ad70466448c4355b8bec8341bc397e0926a9d11
chatgpt: Attorneys for the three women kidnapped and held captive in Cleveland for over a decade expressed "confidence and faith" in the prosecution's case after a new indictment was announced on Friday. The indictment lists the use of chains, tape, and vacuum cord against the women by their captor, Ariel Castro.  Castro now faces a total of 977 charges, including 139 counts of rape, 177 counts of kidnapping, and one aggravated murder charge. The aggravated murder charge stems from the accusation that Castro caused one of the women to miscarry by repeatedly assaulting her.  The new indictment supersedes a previous one that had charged Castro with only 329 counts. The additional charges include two counts of aggravated murder and hundreds of additional counts of rape and kidnapping.  The prosecutors have yet to decide whether they will seek the death penalty for Castro, a decision that will be made by a committee of prosecutors. The decision will be based on an evaluation of the strength of the case and the nature of the crimes. The trial is currently scheduled to begin on August 5th. Although Castro has pleaded not guilty to all charges, his defense team has indicated that they may be willing to make a plea bargain in exchange for a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole. The case has shocked the nation and cast a spotlight on the issue of human trafficking and abuse. The three women, Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus, and Michelle Knight were all teenagers when they were kidnapped and held captive in Castro's home. They were discovered and rescued on May 6th, 2013, following a dramatic escape by Berry. The women have since begun to rebuild their lives and have released a series of statements thanking the public for their support and asking for privacy.  The new indictment brings the case one step closer to resolution but also serves as a grim reminder of the horrors endured by these three women. As the trial date approaches, the nation watches with bated breath, hoping that justice will be served and that the victims will be able to find some measure of closure.