article: The Chinese government has pledged to protect an eight-year-old boy with HIV, who was shunned by his entire village in the southwestern province of Sichuan, state media reported. A photo from a People Daily's online report last week showed the boy called "Kunkun," watching villagers unanimously vote for his removal in a meeting held in early December. Even his own grandfather, added his name to the petition signed by more than 200 villagers. "Kunkun is diagnosed with AIDS, causing great fear among the villagers and village children. In order to ensure the safety of villagers and children, we demand that authorities quarantine Kunkun for treatment," the petition read. In response, China's health authority promised to assure Kunkun with the right to medical treatment, education and a living allowance, reported China Daily. "Everyday life with an infected person doesn't affect others' health, and the infected person's rights are protected by laws and regulations," said Wu Zunyou, director of the National Center for AIDS/STD Control and Prevention in a press release issued Saturday. The United Nations had also released a statement expressing concern over the reports on Kunkun. Villager: "He's a ticking time bomb" Kunkun -- a pseudonym used to protect his identity -- was expelled from school and ostracized by members of the community after he was diagnosed in 2011, said the People Daily's newspaper. "He's a ticking time bomb. My daughter is around his age, and goes to a boarding school now. What happens if she gets bitten while playing with him here at home? That boy is too dangerous," says He Jialing, one of the villagers. The report said the boy contracted the disease from his mother before he was born. Kunkun, whose parents are migrant workers in Guangzhou, lives with his 69-year-old grandfather. With no school willing to take him in, he is often found roaming the streets alone. "No one wants to play with me," the newspaper quoted Kunkun as saying. His grandfather told local media the boy's parents have stopped sending money back home since he was diagnosed. In response to the petition, local authorities have stressed that Kunkun's rights should be respected. They plan to launch an educational campaign hoping to reduce the stigma of people living with HIV/AIDS. China's AIDS fight . Some 780,000 people are living with HIV/AIDS in China, according to the latest count by the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) in 2011. People living with HIV or AIDS in China face widespread discrimination and stigma, especially in rural areas where there is a lack of education about the disease. China has sought to tackle the stigma by establishing laws and regulations prohibiting discrimination against people with HIV. China's First Lady Peng Liyuan who was appointed World Health Organization's goodwill ambassador for AIDS in 2011, has appeared in public advertisements holding hands and playing with HIV-positive children. Despite China's fight against AIDS, cases such as Kunkun's suggest inconsistency with official policy. READ MORE: Campaigners say discrimination hinders China's AIDS fight .
highlights: Chinese government assures shunned HIV-positive boy with treatment and education . Over 200 villagers sought to banish the boy, Kunkun, state media reported last week . Kunkun was expelled from school and ostracized by the community . UNAIDS estimates there are 780,000 people living with HIV/AIDS in China .
id: b33b1e3ca5ad15e8baaad73c2984df632a63f751
chatgpt: The Chinese government has announced that it will ensure that Kunkun, a nine-year-old boy who was shunned by his community after he was found to be HIV-positive, receives the necessary treatment and education for his condition. Over 200 members of Kunkun's village sought to banish him after his diagnosis was made public last week, according to state media reports, leading to calls from human rights groups for the government to intervene. Kunkun was expelled from school and ostracized by his community after it was discovered that he was living with HIV, a virus that affects the immune system and can lead to deadly infections if left untreated. Despite the fact that he was diagnosed at birth, his status was not made public until recently, when a routine medical check-up revealed his condition. It is estimated by the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) that there are around 780,000 people living with HIV/AIDS in China, with the majority of cases being concentrated among high-risk groups such as sex workers and intravenous drug users. However, discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS is still prevalent in many parts of the country, with many individuals and families facing ostracism from their communities and difficulties accessing healthcare and education. In response to Kunkun's case, the Chinese government has promised to provide him with the necessary treatment and education that he needs in order to live a healthy and fulfilling life. "The government will do everything it can to support Kunkun and his family," said a spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Health. "We believe that all people deserve to be treated with compassion and respect, regardless of their HIV status." Human rights groups have welcomed the government's intervention, but have also called for more to be done to tackle discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS in China. "The case of Kunkun highlights the ongoing stigma and discrimination faced by people living with HIV/AIDS in China," said Nicholas Bequelin, East Asia director at Amnesty International. "The authorities must do more to raise awareness about the realities of HIV/AIDS and to combat the shameful treatment of individuals like Kunkun." Although Kunkun's case is undoubtedly a difficult one, there are signs that attitudes towards HIV/AIDS are beginning to shift in China. In recent years, the government has taken steps to increase access to treatment and to reduce stigma and discrimination, including launching a national campaign to combat discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS in schools and workplaces. Nevertheless, much work remains to be done in order to ensure that people living with HIV/AIDS in China are able to access the healthcare, education and support that they need. While Kunkun's case has brought attention to the ongoing challenges faced by individuals and families affected by HIV/AIDS, it is clear that much more needs to be done in order to create a society that is truly inclusive and supportive of all its citizens, regardless of their health status.