article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 03:27 EST, 9 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:28 EST, 9 May 2013 . Buzz Aldrin called for the United States to concentrate on colonising Mars instead of its asteroid program . Buzz Aldrin has called for the United States to start colonizing Mars. The second man to walk on the moon said Nasa should abandon a plan to bring an asteroid into lunar orbit and concentrate on the Red Planet, calling progress since his 1969 mission 'slow'. Speaking at a space conference in Washington DC, Aldrin said: 'If we were moving outward from there and an asteroid is a good stopping point, then fine. 'But now it's turned into a whole planetary defense exercise at the cost of our outward exploration.' The current plan would see a Nasa robotic mission 'capture' an asteroid and bring it back to the moon's orbit in the early 2020s. Then a team of astronauts would fly to the asteroid to take samples and run tests. Nasa's Curiosity Rover is currently exploring Mars, sending back pictures from the surface and collecting samples. Aldrin, who was the lunar module pilot on Apollo 11, called for Nasa to 'commit to permanence on Mars', reports US News. 'We'd become a two-planet species,' he said. 'In Mars, we've been given a wonderful set of moons [...] where we can send continuous numbers of people.' He agrees with Nasa and the Obama administration that the US should establish a settlement on Mars by 2030 to 2040, saying: 'The United States will be a beacon for the development of humanity,' reports AFP. Buzz Aldrin, photographed by fellow astronaut Neil Armstrong, explored the Sea of Tranquility region of the Moon on July 20, 1969 . The one-way trips should begin with . three people landing on the planet's moon Phobos, spending 18 months . overseeing the robotic deployment of a base, he suggested. Aldrin, promoting his book Mission to Mars: My Vision for Space Exploration, says Nasa should have spacecraft on a cycle to and from the planet, sending more and more humans to expand the colony. Nasa administrator Charles Bolden told the conference at George Washington University that the asteroid plan was a step towards a Mars mission. He said that Mars was 'the ultimate destination in our solar system and a priority for NASA' while the asteroid exploration was 'critical for future Mars journeys'. Nasa's Curiosity Rover is currently exploring Mars, sending back photographs of the surface, but Aldrin says the agency should concentrate on establishing a colony . Aldrin and Neil Armstrong became the first humans to walk on the moon on July 20, 1969. 'It's been 44 years since we stepped on the lunar surface, and I think the progress since then is a little slow,' he said. 'I want the next generation to feel as we did back when I was privileged enough to be a part of Apollo program.'
highlights: The second man to walk on the moon wants the US to drop an asteroid plan . He says Nasa should focus on Mars, not bringing asteroid back to orbit .
id: 424d787081a960ea7bd97f6454bdcd3216de9c5a
chatgpt: Former astronaut and the second man to walk on the moon, Buzz Aldrin, has criticized the United States' space agency, NASA, for its plan to bring an asteroid back to orbit. Aldrin believes that NASA should instead focus on sending humans to Mars, a goal which he has been pushing for since his own return from the moon in 1969. In an interview with CNN, Aldrin argued that NASA's asteroid retrieval mission is "not really helpful at all" and that it is a costly distraction from the ultimate goal of sending a manned mission to Mars. "There's so much to be done there," he said. "I think we need to consistently have the objective in mind of establishing a permanent presence on Mars." Aldrin has been a passionate advocate for a human mission to Mars for many years, and he has proposed a detailed plan for getting there. He believes that a return trip to the moon is unnecessary and that NASA should instead focus on developing the technologies and capabilities needed for a Mars mission. "I think that the moon is a diversion," Aldrin said. "It's not a bad thing to do, but it's not the most important thing we should be doing. The most important thing we should be doing is getting to Mars." In his vision for Mars, Aldrin sees the establishment of a permanent foothold on the planet, including the construction of habitats and the extraction of resources. He sees this as a necessary step towards eventually terraforming the planet and making it habitable for humans. While some may view Aldrin's criticisms of NASA's asteroid retrieval mission as controversial, they are not entirely without merit. The project, which aims to capture a small asteroid and bring it back into orbit around the moon, has been criticized for its high cost and questionable scientific value. Aldrin's comments also come at a time when NASA is facing significant budget cuts and is struggling to prioritize its goals. While some believe that the asteroid mission is a necessary stepping stone to a manned mission to Mars, there is no denying that it is a costly endeavor that could divert resources away from more important initiatives. Despite the challenges that NASA faces, Aldrin remains optimistic about the future of space exploration. He believes that private companies like SpaceX and Blue Origin will play an increasingly important role in the coming years, and that they will help to push humanity further out into the cosmos. "We're at the beginning of a new era in space exploration," Aldrin said. "There are a lot of challenges ahead, but I'm confident that we can meet them and continue to push the boundaries of what's possible." In the end, Aldrin's message is clear: while there may be many distractions and detours along the way, the ultimate goal of space exploration must always be the advancement of humanity and the discovery of new frontiers. Whether we are exploring asteroids or planting the first flag on Mars, we must always keep our eyes fixed on the horizon and remember that the sky is no longer the limit.