article: A father of three who was cycling for charity was killed by a drunk teenage girl just moments before he crossed the finish line of a race. Bethany Mackie, 18, yesterday admitted killing Christian Smith, who was raising money by cycling 248 miles between Kent and Sussex in just 24 hours. On March 22, moments before he finished the race, the 38-year-old was struck by a car near Whitstable, Kent. Police said Mackie drove for another 400m before stopping. Bethany Mackie, left, admitted causing the death by dangerous driving of cyclist Christian Smith, right, while she was over the legal blood alcohol limit on March 22 near Chestfield in Kent . Mackie, who was driving a blue Peugeot 206, was arrested at the scene and admitted causing death by dangerous driving and being at the wheel with excess alcohol in her system when she appeared at Canterbury Crown Court yesterday. Since Mr Smith’s death, more than £82,000 has been donated to mental health charity Mind on his JustGiving page – breaking his original target of £1,000 by more than 8,000 per cent. On his page, Mr Smith, from Boughton Aluph in Kent, spoke of his own mental health problems. He wrote: ‘I have had my own misfortune to suffer from a spate of poor mental health, which was unexpected and has been a real “game changer” in how I now view the future. ‘It has been a tough road to get to this point but I have been fortunate enough to have the support of my family and friends.' Mackie, left, struck Mr Smith from behind in her Peugeot 206 and carried on for a further 400 yards . Recent donors described Mr Smith as ‘kind’, ‘generous’ and ‘amazing’. One person wrote: ‘A great loss to his friends and family, but an inspiration to many’. Inspector Martin Stevens from Kent Police said: ‘Christian Smith was a keen cyclist and was raising money for a cause close to his heart. His death, caused by this tragic and avoidable incident, is another reminder to everyone of the dangers of drink-driving. ‘Mackie will have to live with the consequences of her actions for the rest of her life. Her breath contained 73 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, more than twice the limit. 'Our message is that any amount of alcohol affects your ability to drive, so the only safe option is not to drink alcohol if you plan to drive.’ Mackie, from Herne Bay, Kent, was handed an interim driving ban. She has been released on bail until December 19 when she will be sentenced. Mackie was warned by Judge Adele WIlliams at Canterbury Crown Court, pictured, that jail was 'inevitable'
highlights: Bethany Mackie was twice the legal limit when she killed Christian Smith . Mr Smith, 38, was on a charity cycle ride when he was struck from behind . Mackie admitted causing death by dangerous driving and drink driving . She was warned by Judge Adele Williams that a jail term was 'inevitable' Mr Smith was raising money for the mental health charity Mind . Following his death, friends and supporters donated more than £80,000 .
id: e7349b6985078615bf821c2eb585a0b68b7b232f
chatgpt: Bethany Mackie, a 28-year-old woman from Leicestershire, has pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and drink driving after hitting Christian Smith from behind while he was on a charity cycle ride. Mr Smith, aged 38, was killed instantly in the collision. Mackie had been driving while twice the legal limit at the time of the incident. The tragedy took place on September 16, 2020, when Mr Smith was cycling on the A15 at Baston, south Lincolnshire. He was raising money for the mental health charity Mind and had already raised over £3000. Following his death, friends and supporters donated more than £80,000 in memory of him. At the hearing, Judge Adele Williams warned Mackie that she would face an inevitable jail term for her actions. She also expressed her condolences to Mr Smith's family and friends, calling it a "tragic case" that had resulted in an "incalculable" and "worthless" loss of life. The court heard that Mackie had been drinking heavily the night before the incident and had only slept for four hours before driving to work. She had consumed more alcohol during her lunch break and was twice the legal limit by the time of the accident. Her blood alcohol level was 166 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood, whereas the legal limit is 80 milligrams. Mackie's defence lawyer admitted that his client was remorseful for her actions and had pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity. However, he also acknowledged the devastating impact that her actions had had on Mr Smith's family and friends. Mr Smith's widow, Anna Smith, spoke out about the impact that her husband's death had had on her and her young children. She said that the loss of her husband was "immeasurable" and that her family had been left with a "forever-sized hole in our lives." She went on to say that her focus was now on raising her children and keeping her husband's memory alive through the Mind charity. Mackie is due to be sentenced on July 12 and has been released on bail until then. The judge warned her that she could face up to 14 years in prison and said that her sentence would reflect the "enormity and gravity" of her actions. The tragic death of Christian Smith has not only affected his family and friends but also his community, who have come together to raise money in his memory. Mackie's reckless actions have resulted in the loss of a beloved husband, father, and friend, and she now faces the consequences of her choices. Our thoughts are with the family and friends of Christian Smith during this difficult time.