article: By . Elliott Bretland for MailOnline . Follow @@EllBretland . The barbed message for UEFA from Legia Warsaw fans was loud and clear on Thursday night as their team qualified for the group stages of the Europa League with a 2-0 victory over Kazakh side Aktobe. Unfurling a banner during Thursday night's win, the message from Warsaw fans read: 'Because football doesn't matter. Money does.' Henning Berg's side were dumped out of the Champions League - following a 6-1 aggregate victory over Celtic earlier this month - after it was discovered Warsaw had fielded an ineligible player against the Scottish champions. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Jagiellonia taunt Legia Warsaw with Champions League chant . Barbed message: Legia Warsaw have shown their discontent at being kicked out of the Champions League . Team effort: Legia Warsaw players celebrate their 2-0 victory over Aktobe in Kazhakstan on Thursday night . Now, having made their feelings known to Europe's football governing body, the Poles could be handed an explosive re-match with Celtic in Friday's group stage draw in Monaco. Celtic had been handed a reprieve but were again beaten in the Champions League qualifiers as they lost 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian champions Maribor on Tuesday. Having been refused a re-match, Warsaw took great delight in the Bhoys elimination and  mocked the Scottish club by tweeting: 'Football won'. Legia Warsaw had initially decided to appeal against Uefa's decision but did not have any success - which prompted the club to take their case to The Court of Arbitration (CAS). However their case was also rejected by the CAS which resulted in the club's apparent bitterness towards Celtic. Rubbing it in: Legia Warsaw's press team wrote 'football won'  on the club's account after Celtic's exit .
highlights: Legia Warsaw fans unfurl banner with message for UEFA during victory over Aktobe on Thursday night . Polish outfit were dumped out of the Champions League after fielding an ineligble player during 6-1 aggregate victory over Celtic . Could be handed explosive re-match against Scottish champions in Europa League group stage .
id: 76d6827a192c835d6193fcac10ee963e7566f3c8
chatgpt: Legia Warsaw fans showed their displeasure towards UEFA during their match against Aktobe on Thursday night by unfurling a banner aimed at the governing body. The Polish outfit recently had their dreams of playing in the Champions League shattered after they were found guilty of fielding an ineligible player during their 6-1 aggregate victory over Celtic in the third qualifying round. Legia Warsaw had won the first leg 4-1 at home, but the player in question, Bartosz Bereszynski, was suspended and should not have played any part in the game. The Polish side were unaware of the suspension and played Bereszynski for the last few minutes of the match. They subsequently lost 2-0 in the second leg and were eliminated from Europe's elite club competition. UEFA's decision to expel Legia Warsaw did not go down well with the club or its supporters. The club's fans have been very vocal in their criticism of UEFA and they took their protest to the stands by unfurling a huge banner that read "UEFA mafia." The banner was greeted by chants from the home crowd, who were clearly unhappy with the governing body. Now, Legia Warsaw could be handed an explosive rematch against Celtic in the Europa League group stage. The Scottish champions were knocked out of the Champions League by Maribor and now find themselves in the draw for Europe's secondary competition. If the two sides are drawn together in the group stage, it would provide Legia Warsaw with an opportunity for revenge against Celtic. However, the two clubs would need to navigate their way through the group stage first. Regardless of whether they meet Celtic or not, Legia Warsaw have plenty of work to do in the Europa League. They will need to put the disappointment of their Champions League elimination behind them and focus on the task of trying to progress in Europe's second-tier competition. With their passionate support behind them, Legia Warsaw will be hoping to make a statement in the Europa League this season.