article: Wycombe returned to the top of Sky Bet League Two as Fred Onyedinma's first-half strike saw off rock-bottom Hartlepool 1-0. Millwall loanee Onyedinma scored the only goal after 37 minutes, collecting the ball on the right side of the area and beating goalkeeper Scott Flinders at his near post. Pools, who are now 10 points adrift of safety, had substitute Lewis Hawkins sent off late on. Wycombe regained the lead in League Two following a 1-0 defeat of Hartlepool . Burton are now second, leapfrogging previous leaders Shrewsbury after beating them 1-0 thanks to George Taft's first career goal. The young defender struck on the hour with a half-volley from Matt Palmer's corner. Newport are up to fourth after coming from behind to beat Carlisle 2-1 at Rodney Parade. Courtney Meppen-Walter gave the Cumbrians the lead but Adam Chapman converted from the spot before Lee Minshull snatched all three points for County. Fellow play-off hopefuls Southend were held to a 1-1 draw by struggling Northampton. Wycombe manager Gareth Ainsworth congratulates Fred Onyedinma (left) after his winner . Shaquile Coulthirst forced the ball home two minutes into the second half to put Southend ahead but Lawson D'Ath earned Northampton their first point in six matches 18 minutes from time. Sixth-placed Plymouth were held to a goalless draw at York, who held on despite losing Stephane Zubar to a red card midway through the first half. Bury's play-off bid stalled as they crashed 1-0 at Dagenham, who climbed out of the relegation places thanks to Rhys Murphy's second half goal. Billy Bingham's shot was deflected up in the air and Murphy volleyed into the net to end the Daggers' drought of seven hours without a league goal. Bottom of the table Hartlepool had Jonathan Franks (right) sent off . Liverpool loanees Jack Dunn and Kevin Stewart made an instant impact for Cheltenham by netting on their debuts as the Robins beat Oxford 2-1. Wes Burns had headed United into the lead but the Anfield duo fired Cheltenham to a first league victory in 10 games, and their first under new boss Paul Buckle. Morecambe's Jack Redshaw missed a penalty in the goalless draw against Stevenage, and Tom Aldred struck a last-minute winner as Accrington beat Exeter 2-1.
highlights: Wycombe went top of League Two with a 1-0 victory over Hartlepool . Burton defeated Shrewsbury 1-0 to leapfrog them into second . Newport came from behind to beat Carlisle 2-1 . Southend were held to a 1-1 draw by struggling Northampton . Bury crashed out 1-0 to Dagenham while Cheltenham beat Oxford 2-1 .
id: 856c507403e0e8ff282447232d532f1a63db69d7
chatgpt: Wycombe Wanderers moved to the top of the League Two table, thanks to a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Hartlepool United at Adams Park. The Chairboys started the game on the front foot, with midfielder Nick Freeman almost scoring in the opening minutes. However, it was striker Adebayo Akinfenwa's 10th-minute goal that proved to be the difference between the two sides. The win sees Wycombe move ahead of Exeter City on goal difference, with both teams having 18 points from their first nine games. Meanwhile, Burton Albion secured a narrow 1-0 win over Shrewsbury Town at the Pirelli Stadium, which saw them leapfrog their opponents to move into second place in the table. The decisive goal came in the 25th minute when midfielder Scott Fraser's free-kick found its way past Shrewsbury goalkeeper Max O'Leary. It was Burton's fifth win of the season, and sees them just one point behind league leaders Wycombe. Newport County came from behind to defeat Carlisle United 2-1 at Rodney Parade. The visitors took the lead through striker Hallam Hope in the 37th minute, but Newport hit back in the second half with goals from Tristan Abrahams and Padraig Amond. The win moves Newport up to seventh place in the table, just three points behind Wycombe. Southend United were held to a 1-1 draw by struggling Northampton Town at Roots Hall. The hosts took the lead in the 32nd minute through striker Simon Cox's well-placed shot. However, Northampton responded quickly, with Vadaine Oliver scoring just four minutes later to level the scores. The point sees Southend move up to fifth place in the table, while Northampton remain in 22nd place, just one point above the relegation zone. In other League Two action, Dagenham & Redbridge caused an upset by knocking out Bury in a 1-0 victory at Gigg Lane. Forward Conor Wilkinson scored the only goal of the game in the 42nd minute, securing Dagenham's second win of the season. Cheltenham Town also secured a 2-1 win over Oxford United thanks to goals from Luke Varney and Conor Thomas.