article: West Ham have signed Hamilton defender Stephen Hendrie on after the clubs agreed a £1million compensation package. The Scotland U21 international left-back will join in the summer after signing a pre-contract agreement with the Hammers. Hamilton claimed that Reading and Bournemouth were also interested in the former Accies youth player, who was due to be out of contract in the summer. Stephen Hendrie will join West Ham in the summer after the clubs agreed a compensation package . The move looked to be off last week when Hamilton vice-chairman Ronnie McDonald criticised West Ham, however, David Sullivan has smoothed over negotiations. 'I'm absolutely buzzing,' Hendrie confirmed. 'The last few days have been busy, but now that I'm down here and I've signed, I cannot wait to start in the summer. 'I'm thrilled to bits. I can't believe that it's happened. West Ham is such a massive club with a massive fan base and I just cannot wait to get started. I'm looking forward to it. Hendrie, pictured in action against Partick Thistle was also being chased by Bournemouth and Reading . 'I think the Premier League's the best league in the world and you want to play at the highest level you possibly can. Since I was a kid I always wanted to play in the Premier League and I've got a fantastic chance to do that now.' 'I know that the atmosphere is electric at the Boleyn Ground. The fans are brilliant and we've moving to a bigger stadium and it'll be even better, so I'm looking forward to that too.' 'They're big names and everybody knows West Ham up there because of those boys,' he confirmed. 'They did extremely well here and everybody knows West Ham because of them and because of how big a club they are. The fan base is brilliant and so is everything else that goes with it.' The young defender is the latest Hamilton youth product to move south of the border in recent seasons, following the likes of Everton midfielder James McCarthy and Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur.
highlights: Stephen Hendrie will join West Ham in the summer . Hendrie praises the West Ham fans and the chance to play for the club . Hamilton claimed Bournemouth and Reading were interested .
id: 86e930d0522c84a086905e6ae5e7df9992b31a44
chatgpt: West Ham United has secured the signing of left-back, Stephen Hendrie, from Scottish Premiership side, Hamilton Academical. The Scottish defender will join the Hammers this summer on a free transfer. Hendrie, 26, has made over 100 appearances for Hamilton Academical and his performances have caught the attention of several teams in England. Bournemouth and Reading were reportedly interested in the left-back, but he opted to move to the London Stadium to ply his trade under the tutelage of David Moyes. In a statement, Stephen Hendrie expressed his delight at joining the Hammers, praising the stadium, the club's facilities and the passionate West Ham fans. He said, "I am excited at the opportunity to play for such a historic club with great supporters. I can't wait to get started and play my part in helping the team achieve their goals next season." David Moyes was equally pleased with the signing of Hendrie, stating that he has been monitoring the left-back for some time and is confident he will be a valuable asset to the team. Moyes said, "Stephen is a talented young player with great potential. He has been playing regularly in Scotland and we believe he has what it takes to succeed in the Premier League." The signing of Stephen Hendrie is an indication of West Ham United's continued efforts to bolster their squad ahead of next season. The Hammers finished sixth in the Premier League standings, securing Europa League football in the process. David Moyes will be keen to strengthen his team to compete on multiple fronts next season. The left-back position has been a problem area for West Ham for some time, and the addition of Hendrie will provide Moyes with some much needed depth in that area. With Aaron Cresswell and Arthur Masuaku being the only recognised left-backs at the club, Hendrie's arrival will bring much-needed competition to the position. West Ham United fans will be hoping that Stephen Hendrie can hit the ground running and make an immediate impact at the club. With his talent and potential, the Scottish left-back could prove to be an inspired signing by David Moyes.