article: Stressed civil servants at three of Whitehall’s flagship government departments took the equivalent of more than 125 years off sick last year. Staff at the Home Office, Department for Education and Department for Communities and Local Government were absent for more than 46,000 days for stress, anxiety or depression in 2012-13. The sickness rate in parts of the civil service is four times higher than the rest of the UK workforce. At the Home Office, an average of 1.3 days were taken in 2012-13, almost three times the national average . Figures from the Office for National Statistics shows 30million workers in Britain took a total of 15.2million days off with stress, anxiety and depression last year. It means employees from all sectors took on average 0.5 days off in 2013 because of the disorders. But in Whitehall departments, hit by spending cuts and policy overhauls, the rates are much higher. Staff at the Department for Education (DfE) and the Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG) took an average of 1.8 days - four times the national figure. Figures released by DCLG show the number of sick days rose in the last five years, despite deep cuts to staff numbers. In 2012-13 a total of 3,052 days were taken off for mental health reasons, equivalent to nine years. The figure has risen from 2,662, or seven years, in 2008-09. Over the same period staff numbers have fallen by a quarter to 1,681. A DCLG spokesman said: ‘The civil service considers the long-term health of its staff to be of paramount importance. ‘In April 2013 the Department introduced a new comprehensive policy for managing long-term sickness absence and offers a number of wellbeing services to staff.’ Sickness rates at Theresa May's Home Office and Michael Gove's Department for Education are much higher than the national average . Staff at Michael Gove’s Department for Education took 5,156 days or 14 years off for mental health reasons in 2012-13. It reverse falls in recent years and markjs a return to levels previously seen in 2008-09. At the Home Office, an average of 1.3 days were taken in 2012-13, almost three times the national average. Staff at Theresa May’s department took 37,950 days suffering from stress, depression and anxiety in 2012-13 and 45,182 days in 2011-12. The figures cover staff working at the central Whitehall department as well as its executive agencies, such as the troubled UK Border Agency. However, the ministry said the data was ‘unreliable’ because the recording of workers' reasons for being off had not been standardised across the department and agencies.
highlights: Figures released by Home Office, Department for Education and Department for Communities . Sickness rate for stress and depression up to four times the UK average .
id: c97d076fc40453b9c9072db083ab7320501b3563
chatgpt: The latest figures released by the Home Office, the Department for Education and the Department for Communities reveal that the sickness rate for stress and depression is up to four times the UK average. Stress and depression are two of the most common reasons for absenteeism in the workplace. While the causes of stress and depression are complex, there is no denying that it can have a significant impact on an individual's health and well-being. The figures released by the Home Office, the Department for Education and the Department for Communities provide a stark warning about the impact of stress and depression on the UK workforce. In 2017/18, up to four times the UK average of working days were lost to sickness due to stress and depression. The impact of stress and depression on individuals and their ability to work cannot be overstated. It can lead to increased levels of absenteeism, reduced productivity, and, in some cases, can even result in long-term health problems. The effects of stress and depression are not limited to the workplace, either. It can have a significant impact on an individual's personal life, and can even affect their relationships with family and friends. The figures released by the Home Office, Department for Education and Department for Communities indicate that more needs to be done to address the issue of stress and depression in the workplace. Employers need to be more proactive in identifying and addressing the causes of stress and depression in their workforce, and provide appropriate support for those who are suffering. There is also a need for more awareness-raising campaigns to be launched, to help people identify the signs and symptoms of stress and depression, and encourage them to seek help if needed. The government must also play its part in addressing this issue. It needs to ensure that funding is available for research into the causes of stress and depression, as well as for the development of new treatments. In addition, the government needs to work closely with employers and trade unions to develop policies and practices that can help prevent stress and depression in the workplace. This could include providing training for managers on how to identify and manage stress and depression, as well as offering support and counselling for those who are affected. In conclusion, the figures released by the Home Office, the Department for Education and the Department for Communities serve as a stark reminder of the impact that stress and depression can have on individuals, workplaces, and wider society. It is clear that more needs to be done to address this issue, and it is up to everyone – employers, employees, and the government – to work together to find solutions.