article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:41 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:52 EST, 7 March 2014 . Nicolas Sarkozy's phone has been tapped for the past year by order of a judge investigating allegations that the former French President's 2007 election campaign was funded by Colonel Gaddafi, it has been claimed. The Le Monde newspaper reports that the judge took the unprecedented decision to bug Sarkozy's phone, as well as those of as two former interior ministers, following claims he had received £40million from the then Libyan leader. And the paper, which said the revelations 'have all the ingredients of a state scandal', claims that transcripts of recorded phone conversations have revealed evidence Sarkozy had tampered with the justice system. Bugs: Former French president Nicholas Sarkozy's phone has reportedly been tapped for the past year following allegation he received £42million from the then Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi for his 2007 election campaign . Le Monde claims transcriptions of the calls showed Sarkozy and his lawyer were being fed information about internal judicial deliberations by a senior prosecutor at the appeals court described as a 'veteran supporter' of the political right. The newspaper reports that Sarkozy tried to reward the prosecutor with an official post in Monaco. Sarkozy's lawyer Thierry Herzog, said the revelations amounted to a 'monstrous' violation of his client's legal rights. Nicolas Sarkozy greets Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2007 after being elected as French President . Mr Herzog, said his client 'is probably still being tapped' and denounced what he described as a politically motivated plot against him. He told AFP news agency: 'There was no attempt to pervert the course of justice and in due course this monstrous violation will be shown to have been a political affair.' Sarkozy is said to have become aware that his phone was being tapped and that both he and Mr Herzog obtained second mobile phones which they used to communicate with each other. Last week after clandestine recordings of conversations between Sarkozy and his wife Carla Bruni were leaked to a French magazine . It comes just a week after clandestine . recordings of conversations between Sarkozy and his wife Carla Bruni . were leaked to a French magazine. Sarkozy is widely expected to contest the 2017 presidential election but he has been dogged by corruption scandals following his defeat by Francois Hollande two years ago. In October last year he was cleared of corruption charges over allegatuions he had accepting brown envelopes stuffed with cash from Liliane Bettencourt, the l'Oreal heiress, for the 2007.
highlights: Sarkozy allegedly received £42million from Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi . Transcripts said to reveal evidence of tampering with the judicial system . Sarkozy 'was being fed information by a senior French prosecutor' Last week . recordings of conversations between Sarkozy and his wife Carla Bruni . were leaked to a French magazine .
id: f06909d97113e1ce3d1119e4334e92872485f210
chatgpt: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is in hot water as new evidence has emerged linking him to late Libyan leader Colonel Muammar Gaddafi. According to transcripts of conversations between Sarkozy and a senior French prosecutor, the former president allegedly received £42 million from Gaddafi in exchange for favors. The transcripts also reportedly reveal evidence of tampering with the judicial system in France. Last week, French magazine Mediapart leaked recordings of conversations between Sarkozy and his wife, Carla Bruni. The conversations were reportedly recorded in 2011, just months after Gaddafi was overthrown and killed by rebel forces during the Arab Spring uprisings. In the recordings, Sarkozy allegedly discusses ways to bribe a judge in order to receive inside information about judicial proceedings against him. These latest revelations are part of an ongoing investigation into Sarkozy's alleged corruption and ties to Gaddafi. French authorities have been investigating the former president since 2013, and in 2018, Sarkozy was formally charged with corruption and influence peddling. He has denied all allegations against him. The transcripts of conversations between Sarkozy and the senior French prosecutor were obtained by French newspaper Le Parisien. The newspaper claims that the prosecutor, Michel Gaudin, had been working as an intermediary between Sarkozy and Gaddafi in the run-up to the 2007 French presidential election. According to the transcripts, Gaudin had promised Sarkozy that Gaddafi would finance his campaign in exchange for political favors. The transcripts also reportedly reveal evidence of tampering with the judicial system in France. In one conversation, Sarkozy allegedly boasts about having "neutralized" a judge who was investigating him for corruption. He is said to have offered the judge a job in Monaco in exchange for dropping the case against him. The revelations have sparked outrage in France, with many calling for Sarkozy to be held accountable for his alleged crimes. French Minister of Justice Eric Dupond-Moretti has called the allegations "extremely serious," and has called on the courts to investigate Sarkozy's ties to Gaddafi and any potential impropriety in the French legal system. Sarkozy has remained defiant in the face of the allegations against him, denying any wrongdoing and accusing the French authorities of conducting a politically motivated witch-hunt. His lawyers have argued that the evidence against him is circumstantial and based on hearsay. The latest developments in the investigation into Sarkozy's alleged corruption have once again shone a light on the murky world of French politics and the relationship between politicians and wealthy donors. With Sarkozy's trial set to begin in March, many will be watching closely to see what the outcome will be and whether justice will be served.