article: (CNN) -- A Warren Township, Ohio, man faces charges of felonious assault after authorities say he fired his rifle at two teens who were attempting to deface his McCain presidential campaign yard sign. Police say the man's sign is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs. Kenneth Rowles, 50, pleaded not guilty to the charge Monday, according to CNN affiliate WBNS. Bail was set at $10,000. Rowles told police he was sitting on his porch Saturday when a tan SUV pulled up and a black youth jumped out and ran toward his house, screaming, "This is for Obama." He said another male was hanging out of the passenger window screaming the same thing. Rowles said he went inside, got his rifle and fired three shots to scare the youths away, according to a Warren Township police report. He told officers he believes that the men "were the same two that have been destroying his McCain sign." Just hours before the shooting, Rowles called police and said that a car had stopped in front of his house and that a black male "ran up and said something about Obama," according to the report, and "damaged his sign again." One of the youths, 17-year-old Kyree Flowers, was shot in the arm, according to a police report. He and the second youth, Patrick Wise Jr., 16, told police they were in the car attempting to leave when Rowles fired at them. "Kyree stated that he witnessed the homeowner trying to shoot Patrick but he was having trouble chambering a round," the police report said. The teens admitted that they had defaced the McCain sign several times, Warren Township police Lt. Don Bishop told CNN. Rowles' is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs, he said. Bishop said the teenagers probably will not be charged -- and are unlikely to damage campaign signs again, as the incident scared them. Warren Township is in Trumbull County not far from Cleveland, Ohio.
highlights: Man pleads not guilty to charges of felonious assault . Police: Youths admitted defacing McCain sign several times . It  is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs, police say . Teenagers probably will not be charged; one was shot in arm .
id: c3a4a74ec9a495510a6fd23211ba43d5b2dfa02a
chatgpt: In a courtroom on Monday, a man named John pleaded not guilty to charges of felonious assault. The charges stem from an incident involving a group of teenagers who were caught defacing a political campaign sign belonging to John McCain. According to police reports, the sign was the only one on a street full of Obama signs. The incident occurred on a cool autumn night, when the group of teenagers were spotted by a neighbor repeatedly spray painting the McCain campaign sign. The neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous, quickly dialed 911. When police arrived on the scene, the teenagers were nowhere to be found. However, upon further investigation, officers discovered a group of youths hiding behind a nearby building. After questioning, police discovered that they were the same individuals who had been caught defacing the McCain sign. Although charges were not filed against the teenagers, police believe they are responsible for multiple incidents of vandalism in the area. One of the teens was even shot in the arm during the altercation with the man pleading not guilty, although it is unclear who fired the shot. Despite the lack of charges filed against the juveniles, John remains undeterred. "I won't let a group of hooligans prevent me from supporting the candidate of my choice," he stated in an interview with reporters. The McCain campaign has not issued a statement on the incident. However, an Obama campaign spokesperson condemned the actions of the teenagers, stating that "vandalism is never an acceptable form of political expression." While the fate of the teenagers remains unclear, John's trial is scheduled for early next year. The controversy surrounding the incident has highlighted the contentious political climate leading up to the election.