article: Behind bars: Rodney Bruce Black, 62, of Barboursville, West Virginia was arrested after shooting two of his new neighbors Saturday . A 62-year-old West Virginia man shot dead two new neighbors without warning while they were surveying their property next door on Saturday. Rodney Bruce Black, 62, is now being charged with two counts of first degree murder for killing brothers Garrick and Carl Hopkins Jr, 60 and 61, but he says he was just protecting his own property from burglars. Black said the two men were trying to break into his tool shed around 2:30pm when he grabbed his rifle and shot them without warning from inside his house. According to pictures of Black's house on Google maps, it seems there are two sheds near his back yard, about 70 - 80 feet away. Police on the other hand, say the two men were firmly on their own property trying to get into their own tool shed, though the Black family had at one point owned that stretch of land.There was nothing belonging to Black inside the shed or worth value for that matter. They say Black only called 911 after fatally injuring both men and he didn't attempt to perform first-aid. Black was not under the influence of alcohol or drugs at the time, leaving Cabell County Sheriff's struggling to find a motive in the attack. 'It's just a terrible, terrible tragedy,' Sheriff Tom McComas told the New York Daily News. 'We're still trying to figure all of this out. … Hopefully we'll find out his reasoning as the investigation continues.' While Black is white and the Hopkins brothers are black, police don't believe the attack was racially- . Fatally shot: Garrick Hopkins (left) had recently purchased the plot of land adjacent to Black and had brought his brother Carl Hopkins Jr (right) to view the property on Saturday . The weapon: Black shot the Hopkins brothers with a .243 rifle from within his home (stock image above). When he was arrested, police found even more weapons and ammunition at the house. Rodney Black, 62, was inside his home (top right) when she shot two men he believed were breaking into one of the two sheds on his property (bottom left). The sheds are 70-80 feet away from the house . Garrick Hopkins was from Milton, West Virginia and had recently bought the plot next to Black's home at 12 Lane Drive. Hopkins had taken his brother there on Saturday to show him where he planned to build a new home for his family. Both men were married and had children. When police arrived on the scene and arrested Black, they seized a large number of weapons and ammunition. Black is being held without bond at Western Regional Jail. His first preliminary hearing is set for February 4. Crime scene: Police in Barboursville cordon off the area around Black and Hopkins' adjacent properties .
highlights: Rodney Bruce Black, 62, shot brothers Garrick and Carl Hopkins Jr, 60 and 61, on Saturday as they were inspecting a shed on their property . Black claimed the men were breaking into his shed so he shot them with a rifle from inside his own home and only called 911 afterward . While the Hopkins brothers are black and Black is white, authorities don't believe race was a factor in the attack . Black has been charged with two counts of first degree murder .
id: f4b44f39bee1caddfa311012f13214c75b10d654
chatgpt: On Saturday morning, a shooting took place in rural Georgia that left two brothers dead. Garrick and Carl Hopkins Jr, both in their 60s, were inspecting a shed on their property when they were shot by Rodney Bruce Black, a 62-year-old white man. According to authorities, Black claimed that the Hopkins brothers were breaking into his shed, so he shot them with a rifle from inside his home. However, investigators have found no evidence to support his claim. Black only called 911 after the shooting had taken place. The Hopkins brothers were both African American, while Black is white. Despite the racial differences between the parties involved, authorities do not believe that race was a factor in this attack. District Attorney Tom Durden stated, "Based on the investigation thus far, it is clear that this was a tragic case of two brothers being shot while inspecting their own property. There is no evidence to suggest that race played a role in this incident." Black has been charged with two counts of first degree murder and is currently in custody. The community has been left in shock and mourning over this senseless act of violence. Garrick and Carl Hopkins Jr were known for their hard work and dedication to their community. They were avid hunters and fishermen who often shared their catch with their neighbors. Their deaths have left a void in the community that will not easily be filled. Many have expressed their condolences for the Hopkins family and are calling for justice for their untimely deaths. Civil rights groups have also been monitoring the situation and are urging authorities to conduct a thorough investigation. The tragedy in Georgia is yet another example of the ongoing issue of gun violence in America. While laws exist to regulate firearm ownership and use, tragedies like this demonstrate the importance of responsible gun ownership and the need for stricter regulations. As the investigation continues, the Hopkins family and their community will have to come to terms with the loss of two beloved members. The memory of Garrick and Carl Hopkins Jr will live on in the hearts of those who knew them, and their legacy of selflessness and generosity will not be forgotten.