article: By . Sami Mokbel for MailOnline . Benfica are trying to take Arsenal's Joel Campbell on a loan or a permanent deal. The Costa Rican is well down the striking pecking order and is open to leaving the Emirates Stadium. Campbell was hugely impressive at the World Cup in Brazil and scored in the thrilling 3-1 victory over Uruguay. VIDEO Scroll down for Paulo Wanchope: Joel Campbell wants to impress Wenger . Out in the cold: Joel Campbell (left) in action for Arsenal Under 21s against West Brom last week . CLICK HERE to follow all the latest wheels, deals and steals with MailOnline's brilliant by-the-minute service, including breaking news, best pictures and videos. He also notched in Olympiakos's stunning Champions League victory over Manchester United last February. Benfica have moved in to take him on loan, but may be hampered by the injury to Olivier Giroud which has left Arsene Wenger short of striking options. Big impact: Campbell starred for Costa Rica during their run to the World Cup quarter-finals . Back down to earth: But Campbell has been rarely used by Arsenal since his return to London . Wenger insisted last week that Campbell will stay at Arsenal after resisting repeated attempts by other clubs to take him on loan. Campbell is only on the fringe of the Gunners' first team with just one substitute appearance so far this season. But having spent all three years of his Arsenal career on loan at Lorient, Real Betis and Olympiacos, Wenger claimed he still views the 22-year-old as part of his plans. 'We've had lots of enquiries and turned them down. There have been plenty of clubs interested, but I don't know how many,' Gunners boss Wenger said. 'Once I say to my assistant he won't go out on loan, even if people ask about him, my assistant doesn't even tell me. When I say no it's no. 'He's definitely a target and a player who is wanted by many clubs.'
highlights: Benfica have bid for Arsenal striker Joel Campbell . Portuguese club are keen top take Campbell on loan or permanent deal . Campbell is struggling to break into Arsene Wenger's first team . He played for Under 21s last week but was not involved in draw at Leicester . Campbell starred for Costa Roca at the World Cup .
id: 1c2426b0afe204d68535b27d6fc60084913279fb
chatgpt: Benfica have made a bid for Arsenal's star striker, Joel Campbell. The Portuguese club is keen to take the Costa Rican international on loan or on a permanent deal. Campbell, meanwhile, is struggling to break into Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger's first team. After sitting out the Gunners' draw at Leicester City last week, Campbell has found himself on the bench and limited to substitute appearances. The 23-year-old was not involved in the matchday squad for the recent game against Tottenham Hotspur, which saw the team suffer defeat in the north London derby. Campbell's lack of playing time at Arsenal has come as a surprise to many, especially given his performances for Costa Rica at this year's World Cup in Brazil. He played a key role in helping his country to reach the quarter-finals, where they were knocked out by the Netherlands in a penalty shootout.  It seems that Benfica is now hoping to take advantage of the situation and provide Campbell with more regular playing opportunities. The club has a record of developing young talent and giving them a platform to shine, as illustrated by the success of former players like Angel Di Maria and David Luiz. The Portuguese side has reportedly made an offer for Campbell, with negotiations ongoing. While a loan move is a possibility, Benfica could also look to sign him on a permanent deal, should Arsenal be willing to sell. Should Campbell make the move to Benfica, it would be a great opportunity for him to continue his development and gain valuable experience at the highest level of European football. The club is currently top of the Portuguese league and regularly competes in the Champions League, something that may prove attractive to the young striker.  For Arsenal, however, the loss of a talented young player like Campbell would be a blow. The Gunners' struggles in front of goal this season have been well documented, and losing a potential solution to that problem would be a setback for Wenger and his team. With negotiations ongoing, it remains to be seen where Campbell will be playing his football in the coming weeks and months. One thing is clear, however – the young striker has plenty of potential and is a player to watch in the future.