article: (CNN) -- Country singer Kevin Sharp, best known for his hit "Nobody Knows," has died from "complications due to cancer," his mother said. He was 43. Sharp was diagnosed with cancer as a teenager. He was treated, and the disease did not reoccur, but he had problems later in life because of the radiation and chemotherapy he underwent, Elaine Sharp said. She said her son died Saturday night at her home in Fair Oaks, California. "He had a good, strong heart," she said. "He's not hurting anymore." His website added that he died "due to ongoing complications from past stomach surgeries and digestive issues." Sharp grew up wanting to be a singer. According to a 1998 story from Music City News, Sharp -- who grew up in a large family that included a number of foster children -- was a high school athlete and participated in a Sacramento, California, light-opera company. It was during his senior year in high school that he was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer that had spread to his lungs. The ailment led to Sharp meeting producer and songwriter David Foster through the Make-a-Wish Foundation. Foster, known for his work with such artists as Celine Dion and Michael Buble, helped support Sharp through years of chemotherapy and a determination to wean himself from painkillers after the cancer went into remission. In the mid-'90s, after working at an amusement park to make ends meet, Sharp landed a record deal and went to No. 1 on the country charts with "Nobody Knows." He followed that hit with a handful of others, including "She's Sure Taking It Well" and "If You Love Somebody." The early success, he said, was "like learning how to swim by somebody throwing you into the deep end of the swimming pool," he told Country Weekly in 2012. But he didn't forget the Make-a-Wish Foundation through his own highs and lows, becoming a representative and getting a tattoo of the organization's logo on his chest. In later years, he traveled the country as a motivational speaker, according to his website, and wrote a book called "Tragedy's Gift." His willingness to help others kept hope alive in himself, he told Country Weekly. "If I didn't believe what I try to express and tell others, I wouldn't be here," he said. Singers and industry insiders expressed their condolences on Twitter. "Sorry to hear of the passing of Kevin Sharp," wrote Mark Wills. "My fellow country artist Kevin Sharp passed away last night and went to spend Easter with Jesus. My prayers to the family," tweeted Billy Dean. Sharp's website asked people who want to make a donation in his memory to give to their local chapter of the Make-A-Wish Foundation. A memorial service is being planned in Nashville. Details were not immediately available. People we've lost in 2014 .
highlights: His mother says Kevin Sharp died from "complications due to cancer" "He's not hurting anymore," she says . A memorial service is being planned in Nashville .
id: 60da55e96e21a66049a6a77d6f91e1e237e37660
chatgpt: Beloved country singer Kevin Sharp, known for hits like "Nobody Knows" and "If You Love Somebody," has passed away at the age of 43. His mother, Elaine Sharp, revealed to the media that her son died on Saturday from "complications due to cancer." Sharp had been battling the disease for several years, but he continued to perform and inspire people with his music until his health declined in recent months. In a statement, his mother expressed gratitude for the outpouring of love and support they have received from fans, friends, and family. "He fought a hard battle, but he never gave up on his dreams or his passion for music," Elaine said. "His music touched the lives of so many people, and he will be deeply missed." Sharp was born in California in 1970 and grew up in Redding. He was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma, a rare form of bone cancer, when he was 19 years old. The chemotherapy treatments he received at the time damaged his vocal cords, leaving him with a unique, gravelly voice that became his signature sound. Despite the challenges he faced, Sharp pursued a career in music and released his debut album, "Measure of a Man," in 1996. The album was a hit, thanks to songs like "Nobody Knows," which topped the Billboard country chart, and "If You Love Somebody," which also made the top 10. Sharp went on to release several more albums, including "Love Is" in 1998 and "Make A Wish" in 2005. He also lent his talents to various charitable causes, including the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Fans and fellow musicians have been sharing their condolences on social media since news of Sharp's passing broke. Singer LeAnn Rimes tweeted that she was "heartbroken" by the news and that Sharp's music had "impacted my life greatly." A memorial service for Sharp is being planned in Nashville, where he had lived for many years. His family has requested that in lieu of flowers, donations be made to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, a cause that was close to Sharp's heart. As news of Sharp's passing spreads, his legacy as a talented, resilient, and charitable musician is sure to live on. His music will continue to bring joy and comfort to listeners around the world, and his memory will be cherished by those who knew and loved him.