article: Boko Haram Islamists abducted 60 females, including children, and killed 30 men last week in a raid of a village in northeastern Nigeria, two sources said Tuesday. Dressed as soldiers, the gunmen invaded the village of Kummabza in Borno state on June 18 and held the people hostage for four days, the sources said. After killing the 30 male villagers and looting food supplies, they whisked away 60 female hostages and set the village on fire with petrol bombs and explosives, a senior local government official said. Some of the kidnapped girls were between the ages of 3 and 12. News of the raid was slow to emerge after insurgents bombed telecom masts, limiting communication. But details filtered out when residents left the village Monday after the insurgents withdrew. "They took away 60 women, including small girls, after holding the village hostage for four days and killing 30 men," said the local official, who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals from Boko Haram. "They set the whole village on fire while they were leaving after carting away all the foodstuff from the barns," the official said. Abba Aji Khalili, a vigilante leader in Maiduguri, said, "The survivors had to trek to nearby Lassa village 25 kilometers away and Madagali town in neighboring Adamawa state before people got to know what had happened." Some villagers too weak to make the long trek were still in the village in "dire need of humanitarian assistance," Khalil said. "They are facing a serious humanitarian challenge" because they have no access to food, water and shelter, he said. Northeastern Nigeria is the home of Boko Haram, the militant Islamists who abducted scores of schoolgirls in April. The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria, which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south.
highlights: Village raid occurred in Nigeria's Borno state, where Boko Haram has a presence . Several dozen girls and women were abducted, sources say . Thirty male villagers were killed, and the militants looted the village for food, they say .
id: 6b6290aff5144b80e7d3b772b52bd9466fb0ee99
chatgpt: In a devastating attack on a village in Nigeria's Borno state, Boko Haram militants have kidnapped dozens of girls and women whilst killing 30 men. The village, known to have a presence of Boko Haram militants, was raided in the early hours of the morning, with the militants looting food and supplies before leaving. According to sources, the militants approached the village at around 3 a.m, surrounded it, and began their attack. Eyewitnesses say that there was little warning before the raid began, and the situation was chaotic and violent. The militants were heavily armed and appeared to have a clear plan of attack, taking villagers by surprise. Reports indicate that the attackers were ruthless, firing indiscriminately at anyone who resisted them. In addition to the 30 men killed in the attack, several dozen girls and women were allegedly abducted by the militants. As of now, their whereabouts remain unknown. This is not the first time Boko Haram has attacked villages in the region. The group, which is known for its extremist views and militant actions, has been active in Nigeria for more than a decade. The group has been responsible for a number of high-profile attacks, including the kidnapping of over 200 schoolgirls in the town of Chibok in 2014. Local authorities have condemned the attack and vowed to track down the perpetrators. However, their efforts have been hampered by the group's extensive network and the fact that they often operate in remote areas. The attack is a stark reminder of the ongoing threat posed by Boko Haram in Nigeria and the wider region. The group's continued presence has led to widespread fear amongst locals and international observers alike, as they continue to carry out brazen and violent attacks with relative impunity. As the search for the kidnapped girls and women continues, the government must act quickly to bring those responsible to justice and put an end to the threat posed by Boko Haram once and for all.