article: (CNN) -- The upstate New York school bus monitor who received hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations after a video of her being harassed by students went viral has decided to use some of the proceeds to start her own anti-bullying foundation. Now retired, Karen Klein, 68, has decided to start her own campaign, called the Karen Klein Anti-Bullying Foundation, on the website giveback.org. "This is for education, for people who have been bullied," Klein told CNN affiliate WROC. Klein was working as a middle school bus monitor when four students berated her with a stream of profanity, insults, jeers and physical ridicule. Students suspended for a year . The verbal abuse continued unabated for about 10 minutes while another student filmed the altercation on a cell phone camera. The video posted to YouTube on June 19, where it received more than 8 million views, showed giggling students from the upstate New York community of Greece heaping insults onto her and jabbing her with a book. The grandmother of eight sits quietly, weeping at one point. An outpouring of support for Klein resulted in a crowd-funding campaign on indiegogo.com, with an initial goal of $5,000 to send the weary bus monitor on vacation. Emotional reaction to bus monitor harassment . The campaign officially closed in late July, having raised more than $700,000 in donations from more than 32,000 people around the world. Klein's daughter and administrator for the new anti-bullying foundation, Amanda, told CNN that her mother took home about $650,000 and will be donating $100,000 to her organization. The Klein Anti-Bullying Foundation will provide funding to various organizations and charities for anti-bullying causes. "This is always something she's wanted to do," Amanda said. The foundation officially kicks off in October when Klein and others start a weekly anti-bullying tour. According to Amanda, Miss Teen USA Logan West and Miss Universe Leila Lopes of Angola plan to be involved. "The goal of the anti-bullying campaign is to help teach kids and teens about being kind, friendly and playing nicely with others," Klein says in a video on the foundation's website. "Because of my own personal bullying story, I've now decided to become an advocate of change."
highlights: Karen Klein, 68, has decided to start her own campaign to battle bullying . A video of the New York bus monitor being harassed by students went viral in June . Klein received more than $700,000 in donations; she's using $100,000 of that for her cause .
id: c695d00351352d7eebeb2223254e946c3d2eebed
chatgpt: Karen Klein, a 68-year-old bus monitor from New York, has taken matters into her own hands in the fight against bullying. Klein was the victim of a vicious bullying incident in June of 2012 when a video of students harassing her on a school bus went viral. The footage was shocking, with the students verbally abusing and taunting her for over ten minutes. The incident sparked outrage across the world, and a fundraising campaign was set up to help Klein. Thanks to the campaign, Klein received more than $700,000 in donations. Instead of using the money for personal gain, she has decided to put $100,000 of her donation towards her new campaign against bullying. Recently, Klein spoke with ABC News about her passion for the cause and explained what she plans to do with the money. "I've been working on this for a couple of years now, trying to figure out what I can do to help the kids that are being bullied," Klein said. "The money that was donated to me, I'm using $100,000 of it to have some workshops and bring in some experts in the field of bullying and figure out what we can do to help these kids." Klein has been working closely with experts in the field of bullying to develop a plan of action that will combat bullying in schools. She plans to use the funds to host workshops for teachers and students, as well as to create educational materials for schools. "I'm hoping that by bringing in experts, we can develop a plan that will work for schools and help the kids that are being bullied," Klein said. "It's important that we take this issue seriously and work together to find a solution." Klein's new campaign has already received widespread support, with many people praising her for her bravery and dedication to the cause. The incident she endured was a reminder of the damage that bullying can cause, but it also highlighted the power of social media in spreading awareness and inspiring change. In conclusion, Karen Klein's campaign against bullying stands as a testament to her strength and compassion. The funds she has received will be used to make a difference in the lives of countless children who are suffering due to bullying. Her efforts serve as an example of the good that can come from a terrible situation, and her work will undoubtedly help make our schools safer and more welcoming for all students.