article: The Duchess of Cambridge is to take her first solo foreign tour, travelling to Malta on behalf of the Queen in September. Kate will join celebrations to mark the 50th anniversary of Malta's independence from the UK on September 20th and 21st, Kensington Palace announced today. In a sign of her confidence in her grandson’s wife, the Queen has asked the Duchess to travel to the Mediterranean island which holds a special place in her heart. Scroll down for video . Off to Malta: The Duchess of Cambridge, seen here at Wimbledon last month, is to visit the island in September . As young newly-weds, the Queen and Prince Philip - who was then serving in HMS Chequers with the Royal Navy’s Mediterranean Fleet - lived together on Malta for almost two years. The Queen considers their time there as one of the happiest periods of her life as it was their only experience of living like an 'ordinary' couple. Although they were accompanied to the island by a retinue which included an equerry, a valet, a lady-in-waiting, and the Princess's childhood nanny, as well as their ever-present police bodyguards, the newly-weds were pretty much free to come and go as they pleased. For the future Queen, this was simply unheard of. There were parties, picnics, swimming expeditions and boat trips. Happy time: The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh lived in Maltese capital Valletta for two years in the 1950s . Job: The Duke was serving on destroyer HMS Chequers, seen here in a Boxing Day photo with the Queen . The young princess even went out shopping and on visits to the hairdressers with the other young officers' wives. Philip, meanwhile, discovered a life-long love of polo. 'It was a fabulous time,' he later recalled. The couple lived at Villa Guardamangia, an idyllic holiday home rented by Philip's uncle, Lord 'Dickie' Mountbatten. During her stay in Malta the Queen left her first child, Prince Charles, at Buckingham Palace with his nanny and grand-parents, although she returned home for frequent visits. Her daughter, Princess Anne, was conceived on the island, and although she went back to England for her birth in August 1950, the Queen returned to Malta several times afterwards. Striking: A view of the Maltese capital Valletta with the lovely St Paul's Pro-Cathedral dominating the skyline . Famous sight: The Azure Window in neighbouring Gozo featured in HBO series Game of Thrones . In July 1951, she and Philip were forced to move back to Britain for good, however, when her father, George V1, fell seriously ill - bringing an end to one of the most carefree periods of her life. The Queen and her husband lasted visited Malta in 2007, to mark her diamond wedding anniversary. In a statement, Kensington Palace said: 'Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cambridge will visit Malta on 20th and 21st September 2014 to represent Her Majesty The Queen on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Malta's independence. 'Further details will be announced in due course.’
highlights: The Duchess of Cambridge will travel to Malta in September . She will travel to capital Valletta during her first solo overseas tour . The Queen spent two years living in the Maltese capital in the 50s . Prince Philip was part of the crew of destroyer HMS Chequers .
id: f2316de17a5bb3f40ef21b709ec5d8754df4d1e3
chatgpt: The Duchess of Cambridge is set to embark on her first solo overseas tour next month. Her destination: the picturesque and historic island nation of Malta, located in the Mediterranean Sea. As part of her itinerary, she will be traveling to the capital city of Valletta, where she will be carrying out a number of engagements. This trip holds special significance for the Royal Family, as the Queen herself once lived in Valletta for two years during the 1950s. This will be the first time that a member of the Royal Family has visited Malta since then. The focus of the Duchess's trip will be to mark Malta’s 50 years of independence, which was achieved in 1964. Despite speculation that the Duchess will be accompanied by Prince William on this trip, it has been confirmed that she will be traveling alone. This will certainly be a test of her skills as a representative of the Royal Family, as she will be attending a number of engagements on her own. One of the key points of interest for the Duchess will be a visit to the HMS Chequers, the destroyer on which Prince Philip served during his time with the Royal Navy. This will give her a chance to see first-hand the vessel on which the Duke of Edinburgh spent much of his early years. The Prince’s service on HMS Chequers was part of his active duty in the Mediterranean during the early 1950s, a time that was characterized by political upheaval and change. The Malta trip is likely to also contain a number of other important engagements for the Duchess. These may include visits to some of Malta’s most historic and culturally significant locations, such as the fabled Blue Lagoon located on the island of Comino. There is also speculation regarding whether the Duchess will meet with Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, who is looking forward to hosting her during her stay. This news comes amidst a busy summer period for the Royals, with Prince William's new job as an air ambulance pilot taking up much of his time. It will be interesting to see how the Duchess fares during her solo trip, and how well she is received by the people of Malta. Overall, the Duchess’s trip to Malta is an exciting opportunity for her to represent the Royal Family on the international stage. Her focus on celebrating Malta’s independence will be sure to resonate with the people of the island nation, and her visit to the HMS Chequers will be a poignant reminder of the Royal Family’s rich history of military service.  The people of Malta await the arrival of the Duchess of Cambridge with great anticipation, and it is hoped that her visit will strengthen the bonds of friendship between the United Kingdom and Malta for years to come.