article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:44 EST, 16 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:20 EST, 16 October 2013 . Kicked out: University of Oklahoma wide receiver Trey Metoyer has been charged with two counts of indecent exposure and suspended indefinitely from the team after two separate incidents . University of Oklahoma wide receiver Trey Metoyer has been charged with two counts of indecent exposure and suspended indefinitely from the team after getting caught masturbating in public. Cleveland County prosecutors filed the charges Tuesday against Metoyer, 20, a sophomore who is accused of exposing himself to two women in Norman, according to an affidavit filed in the case. Coach Bob Stoops said Metoyer has not been with the 18th-ranked Sooners since before its game against TCU October 5. He then added, ‘I do not anticipate that he will return to the team in the future.’ According to the affidavit, the first incident occurred August 29. The victim told a Norman police detective she was smoking on a balcony when she spotted a Grand Am driven by a man in the apartment building's parking lot. The car ‘pulled into a parking spot’ and the woman noticed that the man was touching his exposed genitals while sitting in the car. The second incident took place September 17 when Metoyer allegedly approached a woman walking her dog and asked her if he could borrow a pen. She went into her apartment to get an ink pen and when she came back, Metoyer was masturbating, it says. Full frontal: According to two women, Metoyer (No. 17) was caught in August and September pleasuring himself outdoors in full view of passersby . The 20-year-old ‘then asked the victim if she would want the pen back,’ the affidavit states. Earlier this month, the second victim picked Metoyer out of a photo lineup as the man who had exposed himself to her, according to NewsOK. When questioned by police, the sophomore initially denied the allegations. He later acknowledged them and told police ‘that the incidents were a mistake and he was not thinking clearly at the time.’ Receivers coach Jay Norvell said earlier this month that Metoyer was 'going through some things right now.' 'He's trying to get his hands around it. And so we just wish him the best as he works his way through that,' he told the site SoonerScoop October 1. Up-and-comer: The five-star recruit from Texas started four of the 11 games he played in last year and played in four games this year . A promising five-star recruit from Texas, Metoyer started four of the 11 games he played in last year and played in four games this year, catching two passes for 18 yards with a touchdown, according to the OU sports website. The 20-year-old initially signed with Oklahoma in 2011, but was forced to spent a semester at Hargrave Military Academy in Virginia due to his lackluster academic performance.
highlights: Wide receiver Trey Metoyer charged with two counts of indecent exposure and suspended from the team indefinitely . Affidavit says 20-year-old was caught touching himself while sitting in his parked car in August . Metoyer is accused of exposing himself in front of a woman walking her dog after asking her for a pen last month .
id: 34174090045dd71968ef0a58312d32c3481f1064
chatgpt: Oklahoma University’s football team has suspended Trey Metoyer, one of its wide receivers, indefinitely after he was charged with two counts of indecent exposure. Metoyer, who is 20 years old, was caught touching himself in his parked car in August, according to an affidavit.  The police received a report last month that Metoyer had exposed himself to a woman who was walking her dog. The woman said that Metoyer had approached her and asked for a pen before he exposed himself. She described the incident in detail, and the police were able to connect Metoyer’s previous offense to this one.  Metoyer’s suspension is a huge loss for the team, as he is a talented wide receiver. He transferred to the school in 2012 and quickly made a name for himself. He played in every game in 2012 and was the team’s fourth-leading receiver, with 17 receptions for 148 yards and one touchdown.  The charges against Metoyer are serious, and the university has taken swift action to address them. The athletic department released a statement saying that they have suspended Metoyer indefinitely and that they are fully cooperating with law enforcement officials.  In the statement, the athletic department also said that “the University of Oklahoma does not condone this type of behavior and takes this matter very seriously. We will continue to monitor the situation and take appropriate action as warranted.”  Metoyer’s attorney has not yet commented on the charges. The wide receiver has not made a statement either, but he has been active on social media. He posted a tweet that read, “Life’s a journey not a destination, enjoy the ride.”  Several of Metoyer’s former teammates have expressed their disappointment in him on social media. One player tweeted, “I’m done with you bro, you’re not my teammate.” Another said, “I can’t believe you would do something like that, you’re better than that.”  The charges against Metoyer come at a time when college athletes are under increased scrutiny for their behavior off the field. Last month, the NCAA suspended 13 football players from the University of North Carolina after it was revealed that they had sold university-issued shoes and clothing.  The NCAA has also been criticized for not doing enough to protect student-athletes from sexual assault on campus. In recent years, there have been several high-profile cases involving college football players who have been accused of sexual assault, including former Baylor quarterback Robert Griffin III and former Fresno State quarterback Derek Carr.  Metoyer’s case is certainly not as serious as those, but it does highlight the need for greater awareness and education about sexual misconduct on college campuses. The university has taken the appropriate action in suspending Metoyer, but more needs to be done to ensure that student-athletes are held to a high standard of behavior both on and off the field.  In the meantime, Metoyer’s future with the team remains uncertain. He could face disciplinary action from the university and could even be kicked off the team permanently. It’s a disappointing turn of events for a talented athlete who seemed to have a bright future ahead of him.