article: Manchester City will throw their hat into the ring for former England captain Steven Gerrard if he fails to sign a new contract at Liverpool. City boss Manuel Pellegrini, whose move for another thirty-something Frank Lampard has proved successful this season, believes Gerrard can carry on playing at the top level for at least another two years and said: ‘I don’t ever rate players on their age.’ Kop legend Gerrard, 34, revealed last week that with his current Anfield contract running out next summer he has no plans to retire so would be happy to play for someone else. Steven Gerrard is being targeted by Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini . The Reds captain was in action on Saturday as Liverpool went down 1-0 to Newcastle at St James' Park . Gerrard could follow team-mate Mario Balotelli who also played for Manchester City . The club have reacted quickly to give Gerrard private assurances they want him to stay and on Saturday manager Brendan Rodgers said: ‘I had a meeting with Steven’s representative explaining the situation. 'I very much want him to be a part of what we are doing here. He’s been a brilliant captain for me. I relayed that to the ownership.’ But until a contract is signed, clubs like City will watch with interest. Pellegrini needs bargains with City hamstrung by Financial Fair Play rules and the need to include more Englishmen in their Premier League squad. Pellegrini believes that the Liverpool captain can play on at the top for at least two more years . 36-year-old Frank Lampard has been a success on loan at Manchester City this season . The midfielder won the club player of the month award September after a series of excellent displays . City’s manager said: ‘I don’t ever rate players on their age. It depends on the money they cost and the number of years they can play for. 'Like Frank Lampard, Steven Gerrard is a top player and he can continue at a high level for a couple more years.’ Pellegrini could not challenge Manchester United for Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria this summer with City forced to name a reduced-sized squad for the Champions League as a punishment for breaching FFP.
highlights: Manchester City set to throw their hat in the ring for Steven Gerrard . Manuel Pellegrini believes the Liverpool captain can go for two more years . 36-year-old Frank Lampard has been  on loan at Man City this season . Liverpool have given Gerrard private assurances they want him to stay .
id: 2c061525001e0da86cb9722c8b9fcbbf89b4bfbc
chatgpt: As the football season nears its end, transfer talks are already heating up for Manchester City. Reports suggest that the team is gearing up to make a bid for Steven Gerrard, captain of Liverpool. Gerrard's contract is set to expire this summer, and with no word on his future at Liverpool, Manchester City sees an opportunity to make a play for the talented midfielder. Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini is said to have been keeping a close eye on Gerrard's progress, believing that the 34-year-old still has much to give to the game. Pellegrini has reportedly expressed confidence that Gerrard can offer at least two more years of top-level football. This news comes amid speculation about Gerrard's future at Liverpool. Liverpool has given Gerrard private assurances that they want him to stay, but with Gerrard yet to commit to a new contract, Manchester City has sensed an opportunity to make a move. Gerrard's departure would be a significant loss to Liverpool, where he has played since he was a youth team player. If Gerrard does make the move to Manchester City, he would be joining forces with 36-year-old Frank Lampard, who has been on loan with the team this season. The two former England teammates would no doubt make a formidable partnership, bringing a wealth of experience and skill to the Manchester City midfield. Liverpool fans will undoubtedly be disappointed if Gerrard leaves, as he is widely regarded as one of the club's greatest ever players. However, if Gerrard does decide to move on, it will be interesting to see how Liverpool copes without his leadership and ability on the pitch. Manchester City will face stiff competition if they do decide to make a move for Gerrard, as other top clubs are also rumoured to be interested. However, City's financial muscle and recent track record of success could prove to be a decisive factor in any potential deal. Only time will tell where Gerrard will end up next season, but one thing is for certain – the football world is watching with great interest.