article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- As an organization they're used to investing billions of dollars in scientific experiments that further our knowledge of earth and space. But the only bill to speak of on this occasion is orange and attached to the body of a rubber duck. Scientists from NASA hope that rubber ducks will help them better understand glacier movements. In the name of climate change science, researchers at NASA have dropped 90 rubber ducks into holes of Greenland's fastest moving glacier: the Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay. Scientists remain unsure as to why glaciers speed up their movement in the summer months and it is hoped that the rubber ducks -- labeled with the words "science experiment" and "reward" in three languages, along with an email address -- will shed some light on the phenomenon. One theory is that the summer sun melts ice on the surface of the glacier which creates pools of water which then flow into moulins -- narrow tubular shafts in the glacier. These then transport the water from the top to the underside of the glacier. It's thought that this base water acts as a lubricant to speed up the movement of the glacier towards the sea. It is hoped the ducks will help show how the water moves through the ice. In conjunction with the ducks, Nasa has also launched a GPS probe which they hope will tell them more about the inner workings of the glacier. So far, neither the probe nor any of the ducks have turned up. Alberto Behar of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California told Reuters: "We haven't heard back but it may take some time until somebody actually finds it and decides to send us an e-mail that they have found it." The Jakobshavn Glacier is responsible for seven percent of all ice which is peeling off Greenland and its ice sheets could contribute to sea levels rising this century. The glacier's menace was also felt last century. Experts believe that it was the source of the iceberg which sank the Titanic in 1912. It's not the first time rubber ducks have helped scientists track water flows. Thousands fell into the sea in 1992 when a container ship bound for Seattle from China shed its load in a storm in the Pacific Ocean. The ducks spent years at sea and washed up in all corners of the globe, telling oceanographers much about the surface currents of the oceans.
highlights: NASA scientists launch a flotilla of 90 rubber ducks to investigate ice melt in glacier . The Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay is the fastest moving glacier in Greenland . Researchers investigating why glacier movement speeds up during summer months .
id: 5dcc0557cb38e10b5dea0d1b782a2a7267ad20c2
chatgpt: In an effort to better understand the accelerating rate of ice melt in the Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay, NASA scientists have launched a flotilla of 90 rubber ducks on a mission to investigate the flow of water through the glacier. The Jakobshavn Glacier is the fastest moving glacier in Greenland, and researchers are keen to understand why its movement speeds up during the summer months. The glacier has been the focus of much attention in recent years due to its rapid ice loss, which is contributing to rising sea levels. With the help of the rubber ducks, scientists hope to gain new insights into the processes that drive the movement of water through the glacier. The ducks are equipped with GPS tracking devices and will be released into the meltwater streams that flow through the glacier. As they make their way downstream, the GPS data they transmit will provide valuable information about the speed and direction of the water flow. The ducks will also be fitted with temperature sensors and other monitoring equipment, which will allow scientists to measure the temperature and composition of the water as it flows through the glacier. By analyzing this data, researchers hope to develop a clearer understanding of the factors that contribute to the glacier's accelerated ice loss during the summer months. The Jakobshavn Glacier is a key focus for climate scientists due to its significant contribution to rising sea levels. It has been estimated that the glacier is responsible for around 4% of the current sea level rise, making it one of the largest contributors to the problem. The rubber duck mission is just one of a range of strategies being used by researchers to better understand the impact of climate change on the Greenland ice sheet. Other initiatives include the deployment of monitoring equipment and the use of remote sensing technologies to measure the size and movement of glaciers. In recent years, NASA has been at the forefront of efforts to better understand the impact of climate change on the world's glaciers and ice sheets. The agency's research has helped to shed new light on the causes and consequences of melting ice, and has played an important role in informing policy decisions on climate change. The rubber duck mission is just the latest example of NASA's commitment to understanding the dynamics of global climate change. By working together with other organizations and researchers around the world, the agency is helping to provide critical insights into one of the most pressing environmental challenges of our time.  In conclusion, the launch of 90 rubber ducks by NASA scientists to investigate the ice melt in the Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay is a bold and innovative attempt to gain new insights into the processes driving the flow of water through the glacier. This mission has the potential to provide valuable information that could help to inform policies on climate change and mitigate its effects on the planet.