article: (CNN) -- The "extraordinary" rush to develop an Ebola vaccine is moving forward apace, the lead researcher told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday, adding that the fast pace may engender ethical concerns about how it the vaccine is eventually implemented. "This is, frankly, extraordinary," Adrian Hill of the Jenner Institute at Oxford University said. "We are trying to do in a few months something that might typically take 10 years. We've had accelerated reviews of all our applications, regulatory and ethical approvals, and so on." "And we're now trying to proceed so quickly that if things go well, by the end of the year, this vaccine might actually be being used in the three affected countries in West Africa." He said that the vaccine has been shown to be "really quite remarkably protective" in studies on monkeys at the National Institutes of Health in the U.S. Ebola drugs are in the works . Researchers are under tremendous pressure to develop a vaccine, as over 3,400 people have died in West Africa and a Spanish nurse's assistant was confirmed on Monday to be the first person to have contracted the virus outside of Africa. But even if researchers are able to make enough vaccine, and have data showing that it is safe for use in humans and produces good immune responses, Hill said that they will would not know that "it actually works." "So we're going to have to figure out a way of using the vaccine, and at the same time evaluating it. And there's a great deal of discussion about how you might do that now." Therein may lie ethical concerns. Your Ebola questions answered . There is little worry, he said, about administering a vaccine to humans in a phase one trial, as he said will begin this week in West Africa. The issue is what you do after that. "Once you've shown safety in those individuals, do you go on to deploy the vaccine in a very large population -- ideally of health-care workers who are at greatest risk -- without knowing that the vaccine actually works?" "Or instead, do you wait several months -- maybe six months, maybe a year -- to prove absolutely that the vaccine has a certain efficacy and then start thinking about deploying it widely?" "And if you wait that long, the epidemic might either be over, or the whole thing might be completely out of control." Tobacco plant may be key to Ebola drugs . "So that's the challenge -- to figure out what the best thing to do, given those conflicting priorities as I've described them."
highlights: There is "extraordinary" rush to develop Ebola vaccine, says scientist Adrian Hill . Ethical questions arise in regard to when widely distribute vaccine, says Hill . Hill: There are risks in rushing and risks in delaying .
id: e3d93b2cdfb389280cba4ec7dde2f014b7c313d5
chatgpt: Scientist Adrian Hill, who is leading a team at Oxford University in the development of an Ebola vaccine, has described the rush to find a cure for the virus as "extraordinary". However, he also acknowledges that the development of the vaccine raises important ethical questions around its distribution. Speaking to reporters, Hill explained that the vaccine is currently in the testing phase and, at best, will only be available for wider distribution in a year's time.  Even then, there will be important ethical considerations to take into account. For example, there are concerns around giving the vaccine to frontline healthcare workers, as opposed to those most in need, such as the elderly, pregnant women and children, who are more vulnerable to the disease. Hill also warned that there are risks in both rushing to find a cure and delaying the distribution of the vaccine. If we rush the vaccine's development, we run the risk of missing important steps in the human testing phase. Clinical trials must be conducted in order to ensure that the vaccine is both safe and effective before it is made available for use. On the other hand, if we delay the distribution of the vaccine, we run the risk of more people losing their lives to the virus. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the current Ebola outbreak has killed over 11,000 people to date, primarily in West Africa. The development of the vaccine is seen as crucial not only for controlling the current outbreak but also for preventing future ones. Hill's team is one of several groups who are racing to develop an effective cure for the virus. Hill believes that his team's vaccine could bring the current outbreak under control as it is designed to eradicate the virus from its source. This would make transmission from human to human unlikely. According to Hill, the vaccine works by using an adenovirus, a type of virus that causes the common cold, to carry protective proteins found in Ebola. The adenovirus is modified so that it can’t cause any harm. The idea is that when the vaccine is delivered to a patient, their immune system will be tricked into thinking Ebola is present, which will then prompt the production of anti-Ebola antibodies to fight the virus. It remains to be seen what the fate of the vaccine will be. Experts have warned that even if the development of the cure is successful, there are still logistical challenges around its distribution. Nonetheless, Hill's team is optimistic about the future. They believe that their vaccine will be instrumental in controlling and eventually eradicating the virus.  In conclusion, the development of the Ebola vaccine is crucial in the fight against the virus. While there are risks associated with both rushing the vaccine's development and delaying its distribution, it is important that we continue to push ahead in finding a cure. It is also important that we remain aware of the ethical questions that arise around the vaccine's distribution and ensure that it is given to those who need it most. With continued effort and investment, we may be able to defeat this deadly virus once and for all.