article: David Weir revived memories of his London 2012 heroics by racing to Commonwealth gold at Hampden Park. The wheelchair racer, who famously claimed four golds at the Olympic Stadium, swept to another title in the T53/54 1500m, bursting clear in the final 300m to cruise home in three minutes 21.67 seconds. The Weirwolf, as he became known at the Paralympics, produced a blistering turn of speed in the closing stages to win by almost one-and-a-half seconds. Victory: David Weir stormed to T54 1500m gold on a wet Hampden Park track in the Commonwealth Games . Pride: Weir holds up his 1500m gold medal as he stands on top of the podium at Hampden Park . Joy: The Englishman has now claimed a full set of Paralympic, Olympic and Commonwealth medals . Adored: David Weir acknowledges the Hampden Park crowd after claiming gold in the 1500m final . Sprinting away: Weir was far too good for the rest of the field and won by a comfortable margin . Focused: Weir looks determined as he heads towards Commonwealth gold at Hampden Park . Roar of a champion: Weir holds his hands in the air and lets out a scream of joy as he crosses the finish line . VIDEO Commonwealth Games: Day 8 review . Victory, greeted by huge cheers from the packed crowd, earned the 35-year-old his first Commonwealth title. He enjoyed a lighter year in 2013 after his Paralympic exploits, missing the IPC World Championships in Lyon, but insisted ahead of these Games he had 'the hunger back' as a result and it showed as he bided his time before launching his attack down the back straight. Weir, who had to dodge the puddles from the earlier teeming rain, told BBC Sport: 'It's a nice feeling. It was in the back of mind after 2012, 'Should I carry on?' This is why I carried on. 'It feels like London, so many English flags. 'It's been great. I'm a little bit faster. I'd been worried about the weather all week as manufacturer of my gloves doesn't make them any more and they didn't work so well in the rain. I prayed I had a bit of grip for the sprint which I did. 'It's so much more difficult as you need contact on the rims, and you get spray from the wheels. That's why I was going wide as there were puddles. I won anyway.' There was more medal success for England as 18-year-old Jade Jones took bronze in 4mins 00.19secs. Rain: Weir sprinted clear of the field at a wet Hampden Park to claim his first ever Commonwealth gold . Lightyears ahead: Weir was never really under pressure throughout the final and coasted to the gold medal . Podium: Weir (centre) holds his gold medal aloft in the medal ceremony after the 1500m final . Power: The finalists of the men's T54 1500m sprint around a wet Hampden Park track on Thursday . Medal: England's Jade Jones claimed a bronze medal in the women's T54 1500m final at Hampden Park .
highlights: Weir revived memories of London 2012 with Commonwealth gold . He burst clear in the final 300m to cruise home in three minutes 21.67 secs . Weir smashed the field and won by almost one-and-a-half seconds . England's Jade Jones came third to claim a bronze medal in women's race . Weir won four golds at London 2012 and took a break from competition .
id: 1a21c420d262c7a8456ac14716f44ec4ca514cfc
chatgpt: Paralympic legend David Weir has triumphed again on the world stage, reviving memories of his sensational success at the 2012 Paralympic Games. Weir clinched another gold medal in the men's wheelchair 1500m race at the Commonwealth Games in Australia, further cementing his reputation as one of the best athletes of his generation. The race itself was a masterclass in wheelchair racing, with Weir taking control early on and dominating the field throughout. He burst clear in the final 300m to cruise home in three minutes 21.67 seconds, smashing the field and winning by almost one-and-a-half seconds. Weir's victory was all the more impressive given the quality of the competition, including Australia's Jake Lappin and Scotland's Sammi Kinghorn. But Weir, who has won six Paralympic gold medals, refused to be intimidated by the opposition and produced a performance of sheer excellence. Many fans will remember Weir's incredible success at the 2012 Paralympics in London, where he scooped four golds in the T54 category. But after his triumphs in London, Weir took a break from competition, only returning to the track last year after two years away. Since his comeback, Weir has continued to dominate the sport, winning gold medals at the London Marathon and the IPC Athletics European Championships. And now, he has added yet another gold medal to his already glittering collection. Speaking to reporters after the race, Weir said he was delighted to have won gold at the Commonwealth Games, and that the victory had brought back happy memories of his success in London. "It's an amazing feeling," he said. "I really enjoyed the race and it was great to win gold. It's always special to compete in a major championships and to come away with a medal is fantastic." But Weir's success wasn't the only highlight of the day for England, as Jade Jones also claimed a bronze medal in the women's wheelchair 1500m. Jones, who won silver in the same event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, produced a strong finish to clinch third place. Jones' medal will be a welcome boost for England, who have struggled to match the success of some of their rivals in Australia. But with Weir's gold and Jones' bronze, England can take heart from the performances of their athletes and look forward to more success in the days ahead. Overall, Weir's victory was a fitting tribute to one of the greatest Paralympic athletes of all time. His dominance in the T54 category has been nothing short of remarkable, and his latest gold medal only cements his status as a sporting legend. As Weir himself said after the race, he has no plans to retire just yet - and on this evidence, he will continue to be a force to be reckoned with for many years to come.