article: (CNN) -- FBI agents searched the home of veteran diplomat and Pakistan expert Ambassador Robin Raphel in October as part of a counterintelligence investigation, three U.S. government officials told CNN. As part of the investigation, Raphel's State Department office was searched and sealed, two of the officials said. It's unclear whether she is the target of the investigation, or what agents were searching for. The officials said it is an ongoing investigation and no charges have been filed. The investigation was first reported by The Washington Post. "We are aware of this law enforcement matter. The State Department has been cooperating with our law enforcement colleagues," State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said. Psaki added that Raphel is "no longer a department employee." At the time of the raid, Raphel, a retired career Foreign Service officer, was an adviser on Pakistan under a limited, renewable contract to the State Department's Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, where she administered nonmilitary aid and economic grants. It is unclear, however, whether the inquiry is related to her work on Pakistan. Senior State Department officials said Raphel's security clearance was pulled last month, at which time she was placed on administrative leave. Her contract, which expired on November 2, was not renewed. The officials describe the investigation as a counterintelligence investigation, which typically refers to allegations of spying on behalf of foreign governments. Officials declined to describe the exact nature of the investigation. Raphel, the former assistant secretary of state for South Asia and ambassador to Tunisia, spent much of her career working on Pakistan and South Asia. Raphel was well-liked and respected by her colleagues and often outspoken about what she saw as flaws with U.S. policy toward Pakistan. Raphel's State Department biography says she began her career as a CIA analyst before serving 30 years in the Foreign Service. She retired from the State Department in 2005, but returned in 2009 to work as an adviser to the late Richard Holbrooke, appointed by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as the first special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan. CNN attempted to contact Raphel, but messages have not been returned.
highlights: Pakistan expert Ambassador Robin Raphel was working for State Department . Office and home have been searched, officials say . Her security clearance was pulled and her contract has not been renewed, officials say .
id: 34c755fcd7083fc94afb071dd8c3d394f321b5f3
chatgpt: Pakistan expert Ambassador Robin Raphel, who was working for the State Department, is under scrutiny after her office and home were searched on suspicion of sharing sensitive information with Pakistan. According to officials, her security clearance has been pulled and her contract has not been renewed. Raphel, 67, has had a long and successful career in government service, serving over three decades in several government agencies. She was appointed as the State Department's first Coordinator for Counterterrorism in 1994 and she has since worked as U.S. Ambassador to Tunisia, Assistant Secretary of State for South Asian Affairs and as a senior advisor to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Pakistan has long been accused of providing safe havens to terrorist groups and the U.S. has been dependent on Pakistan for its war in Afghanistan. Raphel's expertise in U.S.-Pakistan relations made her an important player in shaping U.S. policy towards the country. However, the search in her office and home has raised alarm bells, as officials suspect that she may have shared classified information with Pakistan. The search was conducted by the FBI and the Diplomatic Security Service, which investigates allegations of misconduct by State Department employees. Raphel has not been charged with any crime, and it is unclear what evidence the investigators may have found. In a statement, the State Department said they were cooperating with the investigation and that they take allegations of misconduct seriously. Raphel has been a controversial figure in the U.S.-Pakistan relationship, with some accusing her of being too sympathetic to Pakistan's interests. In the past, she has advocated for closer ties between the two countries and has praised Pakistan's efforts to combat terrorism. Her removal from her position at the State Department could signal a shift in U.S. policy towards Pakistan, as the Trump administration has taken a more hostile stance towards the country. In August, the U.S. announced that it would withhold $300 million in military aid to Pakistan over its failure to take action against terrorist groups. The investigation into Raphel's activities could also have wider implications for the State Department, which has been under scrutiny for its handling of classified information. The controversy surrounding former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server during her tenure has raised questions about the department's security protocols. For now, the investigation into Raphel's activities continues, and her future in government service remains uncertain.