article: The police officer parents of a 19-year-old woman are in custody in Oklahoma after she accused them of killing her boyfriend and also attempting to shoot her. Jeremy Lake was found shot to death on Tuesday night on a street near downtown, Tulsa police department spokeswoman Jillian Roberson said. Shannon Kepler, 54, has been arrested on a complaint of first-degree murder and Gina Kepler, 48, arrested on a complaint of accessory to murder after the fact. Scroll down for video . The police officer parents of Lisa Kelper are in custody in Tulsa, Oklahoma, after she accused them of killing her boyfriend and attempting to shot her . Daughter Lisa Kepler, 18, sobbed as she told Tulsa World, ‘I really hope they rot in prison for a very long time.’ She said she called police and reported the incident. ‘I turned my dad in,’ she said. Both officers were booked on Tuesday night into the Tulsa County jail. The Keplers are City of Tulsa police officers, have 24 years on the force and were off duty at the time of the shooting, Roberson said. Lake was walking with Lisa Kepler when her confronted them. Shannon Kepler, left, has been arrested on a complaint of first-degree murder and Gina Kepler, right, arrested on a complaint of accessory to murder after the fact . Lisa Kepler, daughter of officer Shannon Kepler, hugs Pam Wilkins on the steps of her home in Tulsa, Oklahoma . ‘I walked away and Jeremy tried to introduce himself, and my dad shot him,’ she told KJRH. Lisa Kepler started to run, and was shot at, but the bullet missed, Roberson said. At a news conference on Wednesday, Kepler said that her parents had kicked her out of their home a week ago. They had dropped her in front of the Tulsa Day Center for the Homeless, where she had met Lake and they began dating. He offered her a place to stay at the home he shared with his aunt, she said. ‘I don't know what could have led them to do this,’ she said. ‘They didn't even know Jeremy.’ Lisa Kepler met Jeremy Lake at the Tulsa Day Center for the Homeless and they began dating . Lisa Kepler, pictured hugging Pam Wilkins, said she called police and reported the incident . Police Chief Chuck Jordan said in a statement that ‘the circumstances around this incident drives home the fact that domestic violence is a societal problem and transcends all economic groups.’ ‘I as well as the whole department am saddened for both families involved in this tragic event,’ Jordan said. Roberson did not immediately return a message late on Wednesday seeking clarification on what Jordan meant in reference to domestic violence. The Keplers are being held without bail pending the filing of formal charges and have both been placed on paid administrative leave.
highlights: The police officer parents of Lisa Kepler, 19, are in custody in Tulsa, Oklahoma, after she accused them of killing her boyfriend . Jeremy Lake was found shot to death on Tuesday night . Her father Shannon Kepler, 54, has been arrested on . a complaint of first-degree murder . Mom Gina Kepler, 48, has been arrested on a . complaint of accessory to murder after the fact .
id: deb6d8b1d9dc35011f7c532254ce3c3d489165b4
chatgpt: The murder case involving Lisa Kepler's parents, Shannon Kepler and Gina Kepler, has grabbed the attention of the nation. Lisa Kepler, a 19-year-old girl, accused her parents of killing her boyfriend, Jeremy Lake, on Tuesday night. The incident took place in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where the couple served as police officers. According to the police, Jeremy Lake was found dead after being shot multiple times. It was Lisa Kepler who identified her parents as the alleged murderers. Shannon Kepler, 54, has been arrested on a complaint of first-degree murder, while Gina Kepler, 48, has been charged with accessory to murder after the fact. The case has caused a furor in the local community and raised concerns over police officers' conduct. Tulsa Police Chief Chuck Jordan spoke about the incident, saying, "This investigation will be pursued relentlessly and fairly, as is our policy in every case. We will ensure that justice is served." The Kepler family has a history of legal troubles. Shannon Kepler was previously questioned by the police in 2001 and 2007 over allegations of assault and battery. The 2007 incident resulted in his firing from the police department. Gina Kepler was also investigated in 2010 for alleged unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The incident has also shed light on the issue of domestic violence within law enforcement officials. According to a study conducted by the National Center for Women and Policing, female police officers are twice as likely to experience domestic violence as the general population. The study concludes that domestic violence within the law enforcement community is a "double tragedy" since it involves two people sworn to protect and serve. The national outcry caused by this case has led to questions being raised about the police department's screening process before hiring officers. Many are demanding stricter background checks and psychological evaluations of police candidates to identify any potential red flags. The city councilors of Tulsa issued a statement regarding the tragedy. They said, "The horrifying events of Tuesday night remind us all of the importance of having transparency and accountability in our local government, including our police force. We will carefully examine this tragedy and work to ensure that such incidents do not happen in the future." As the Kepler case unfolds, the spotlight will be on the justice system to ensure that the truth is revealed and justice is served. Meanwhile, the family and friends of Jeremy Lake and Lisa Kepler will be left grappling with the aftermath of this tragedy.