article: (CNN) -- The outbreak of a gastrointestinal illness has spread to more passengers on a U.S. cruise ship, with nearly 450 falling sick while at sea, the cruise company said Tuesday. The Celebrity Cruises ship Mercury departed Charleston, South Carolina, February 15 and headed for the eastern Caribbean, according to a Celebrity Cruises statement. On the way, 419 of the 1,838 passengers fell ill, along with 27 of the 849 crew members, the cruise line said. The number of affected passengers increased from the 353 reported the day before. Their symptoms included upset stomach, vomiting and diarrhea, Celebrity Cruises spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said. Guests who were in isolation while ill will receive compensation, she said. The sickened passengers and crew have been administered over-the-counter medicine and are responding well, Celebrity Cruises said. But it is still unclear how they became sick, Martinez said. Medical samples will be sent to a lab for testing Tuesday, she added. The ship's medical facility first started treating guests Sunday, Martinez said, and by Monday, hundreds of others were sick, too, Celebrity Cruises reported. A doctor and two nurses joined the cruise medical staff Monday to help with the overload of patients when the ship stopped in Tortola, British Virgin Islands, according to the statement. The ship does not return to Charleston until Friday and will be at sea until then, Martinez said. To control the outbreak, the crew has stepped up cleaning of the ship, which is advised by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention when an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness occurs. Norovirus commonly causes viral gastrointestinal illness outbreaks on cruise ships, the CDC says. It can spread from contact with contaminated food or drink, by touching objects infected by people who are already sickened, or through close contact with people who are infected, according to the CDC. So far this year, three gastrointestinal illness outbreaks have occurred on cruise ships that docked at a U.S. port, according to the CDC. Norovirus was the cause of two outbreaks on the Mercury in 2009, the CDC reported. The outbreaks reported and investigated by the CDC infected at least 3 percent of the people onboard the cruises carrying at least 100 passengers for anytime between three days to three weeks.
highlights: Celebrity Cruises ship departed South Carolina on February 15 and headed for the Caribbean . Passengers and crew aboard come down with gastrointestinal illness . They have been given over-the-counter medicine and are responding well, cruise line says .
id: 1df84cc2f839efc1e159bf5da98ee2079238ff96
chatgpt: Passengers aboard the Celebrity Infinity, operated by Celebrity Cruises, were in for a rocky ride after setting sail from South Carolina to the Caribbean on February 15. Multiple passengers and crew members fell ill with a gastrointestinal illness, leading to health concerns for those on board. The cruise ship, which boasts over 2,000 passengers and staff members, notified guests of the illness shortly after departing from Charleston. According to reports, the ship's medical team provided over-the-counter medication to those who fell ill, and they are currently responding well to treatment. The Celebrity Infinity has confirmed the outbreak and has stated that they are taking measures to ensure the health and safety of all guests and staff members aboard the vessel. The ship's crew has also increased sanitation measures, including disinfecting all common areas, and the captain has urged passengers to take preventative measures such as washing their hands regularly and using hand sanitizer. Despite the outbreak, the cruise line has assured guests that the remainder of their trip will proceed as scheduled. The ship is set to dock at various ports in the Caribbean over the next few days, including in St. Thomas, St. Kitts, and St. Maarten. One passenger aboard the ship, who wished to remain anonymous, expressed concerns about the situation. "It's definitely not ideal being sick on a cruise ship, but the crew has been doing their best to contain the illness and make sure we're all taken care of," they said. "I just hope everyone gets better soon and we can continue to enjoy our trip." This is not the first time an outbreak of a gastrointestinal illness has occurred on a cruise ship. In recent years, norovirus outbreaks have plagued several ships, leading to extensive disinfection efforts and sometimes even ship-wide quarantines. These incidents highlight the importance of proper sanitation and hygiene measures being implemented on cruise ships and serve as a reminder for travelers to take appropriate precautions when embarking on a cruise. As the Celebrity Infinity continues on its voyage, the cruise line is closely monitoring the situation and taking all necessary measures to ensure the health and safety of those aboard the ship. Passengers are encouraged to report any symptoms of illness or discomfort to the ship's medical team immediately to receive prompt treatment.