article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:09 EST, 14 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:09 EST, 14 June 2013 . A military judge will not allow an Army psychiatrist to tell jurors that he shot Fort Hood soldiers to protect Taliban leaders in Afghanistan. The judge said today that Maj. Nidal Hasan's 'defense of others' strategy fails as a matter of law. Col. Tara Osborn said no soldiers at the Texas Army post on Nov. 5, 2009, posed an immediate threat to anyone in Afghanistan. She said the legitimacy of the Afghanistan war is not an issue at Hasan's trial, which hasn't started. Representing himself: Maj. Nidal Hasan will defend himself at his trial for the 2009 Fort Hood shooing rampage . Hasan, 42, is an American-born . Muslim. He faces the death penalty or life without parole if convicted . in the rampage that left 13 dead and nearly three dozen wounded. Hasan is accused of killing 13 people . and wounding 32 others in an attack on soldiers at a readiness . facility, many of whom were getting ready to deploy to Iraq or . Afghanistan. Maj. Nidal Hasan didn't elaborate . when he announced his 'defense of others' strategy on June 3, shortly . after a military judge agreed to allow him to represent himself. But it was the first time Hasan hinted at his reasoning behind the attack on the Texas Army post. It was revealed also last month, that Hasan has been paid $278,000 since the shooting on November 5, 2009. Soldiers injured in the horrific attack at the Texas army base are fighting to receive the same pay and medical benefits as those injured in combat, but the Department of Defense confirmed that Major Nidal Hasan has continued to be paid. The Army said that under the Military Code of Justice, unless Hasan is found guilty, his salary cannot be suspended. Help: Army medical staff treat their fellow servicemen who were shot in the attack at the Texas base .
highlights: Major Nidal Hasan tried to use a 'defense of others' argument in his murder trial . No soldiers at the Texas Army post in 2009 posed an immediate threat to anyone in Afghanistan .
id: 6c6f3acf79c833278c615f245e6aa94bbacddcd4
chatgpt: The court-martial of Major Nidal Hasan for the November 2009 mass shooting at the Texas Army post has taken a dramatic turn. Hasan, who is representing himself, has attempted to use the defense of others argument in his murder trial. He argued that he killed 13 people and injured more than 30 others to protect the lives of Muslims in Afghanistan. However, the prosecutor argued that no soldiers at Fort Hood posed an immediate threat to anyone in Afghanistan, which makes Hasan's defense invalid. The prosecutor stated that Hasan's actions were an act of terrorism, and his targeting of unarmed soldiers was premeditated and intended to cause maximum harm. The defense of others argument is a difficult argument to make in court. It requires the defendant to prove that they killed or harmed someone to protect the life of another person or group. In this case, Hasan argued that he was protecting the lives of Muslims in Afghanistan from harm by American soldiers. However, there was no immediate threat to the lives of Muslims in Afghanistan at the time of the shooting. Furthermore, Hasan was a soldier himself and had undergone military training, making it even more difficult to argue that his actions were justified. The shooting at Fort Hood was a tragic event that shook the nation. Soldiers were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan when Hasan opened fire. The victims of the shooting were mostly young and inexperienced soldiers who had not yet seen combat. They were unarmed and were unable to defend themselves against Hasan's attack. Hasan's defense of others argument was just one of several defenses he has tried to use in his trial. He has also attempted to plead guilty, but the court refused to accept his plea because he would face the death penalty. The trial is expected to continue for several more weeks, and the verdict will be closely watched by the military community and the nation. The outcome of the trial will determine if Hasan will be sentenced to life in prison or if he will face the death penalty for his actions.