article: Former Arsenal and Barcelona attacker Thierry Henry has praised the consistency of Real Madrid ace Cristiano Ronaldo, but insists his former teammate Lionel Messi is still the better player. Messi has been outshone in recent seasons with Ronaldo scooping the Ballon d'Or award for two successive years at the expense of the Argentine. But despite believing four-time Ballon d'Or winner Messi is the better player, Henry was quick to stress that fans should enjoy watching the duo whatever their preference. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in action during El Clasico at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium in Madrid . Messi and Adriano share a joke as they get to grips with the chilly weather in training on Monday . Messi trains with his teammates ahead of Barcelona's clash with Manchester City on Tuesday night . Messi pulls his gloves up higher as the Argentine attacker gets to grips with the English weather . Messi is joined by Thierry Henry and Ronaldinho as the Argentinean ace celebrates in the Champions League . Ronaldo has scooped the Ballon d'Or award for two successive years at the expense of the Argentine . Messi and Henry celebrate glory with the trophy during their time together at Barcelona . Messi and Xavi get to grips with the cold as they train ahead of their Champions League game Tuesday . Pique shares a joke with Messi during a Barcelona training session ahead of the Champions League . 'I played alongside Leo, so there's my answer,' the Frenchman replied when asked by Fifa.com which one of the two he prefers. 'I have an enormous amount of respect for Cristiano, as someone who maintains such a high level for several years. 'It's one thing to have a good season, and then have another four years later but to keep up with that level for consecutive years is something else. 'People realise it, of course, but I feel like we still don't grasp the real measure of what these two are doing. In the future, people will look back in awe at the continuity, the goals and the pressure that comes along with doing this for so long. 'So I'm full of respect for Ronaldo, but I played with Leo and had extraordinary moments with him, we lost and won together, so that is all I have to say on Leo.' Henry and Messi practice their ball skills as Icelandic striker Eidur Gudjohnson looks on at the duo . Messi celebrates scoring against Celtic with teammate Henry during Champions League match at Celtic Park .
highlights: Thierry Henry believes Lionel Messi is better than Cristiano Ronaldo . Henry and Messi played together during the Frenchman's time in Spain . Former Arsenal man praises Ronaldo for his high level of consistency . Frenchman believes football fans should enjoy watching both stars .
id: cfca425cb869a9a25bb857a7de9f45ce990c325e
chatgpt: Former Arsenal and France striker Thierry Henry has expressed his preference for Lionel Messi over Cristiano Ronaldo, but acknowledged the remarkable consistency of the Portuguese superstar. Henry, who played alongside Messi at Barcelona for three seasons between 2007 and 2010, insisted that the Argentinian was the superior player, citing his otherworldly skills on the ball and his capacity for creating chances for himself and his teammates. "I cannot go against Messi," Henry said in an interview with Sky Sports. "For the way he plays, what he gives you, how he touches the ball, how he sees the game, how he creates. I never thought I would say this, but Messi is the best player in history. Those who are lucky enough to have seen him will realise we are in the presence of an era." However, Henry was also quick to acknowledge Ronaldo's greatness, pointing to his extraordinary level of consistency throughout his career. "I don't think anyone can argue with Ronaldo's numbers, his consistency, what he delivers," Henry said. "He scored goals everywhere he went. He's the goal machine, everybody knows that." The debate over who is the better player between Messi and Ronaldo has raged for years, with both men winning numerous individual awards and leading their respective clubs to unprecedented success. Henry, however, believes that football fans should focus less on comparisons and more on appreciating the talents of both players. "We should enjoy the two, the rivalry they have and the amount of joy they bring to the sport. They are the two best players we've seen in the last 20 years," he said. Henry's praise for Messi and Ronaldo comes at a time when both players are approaching the latter stages of their careers. Messi, now 34, is still playing at a high level for Barcelona and Argentina, but has hinted that he may retire from international football after the upcoming World Cup. Ronaldo, who turned 37 in February, is enjoying a resurgence at Manchester United after returning to the club this summer. Despite their advancing age, both Messi and Ronaldo continue to be a source of inspiration for young footballers around the world. Their remarkable achievements have helped to raise the profile of the sport and have cemented their status as two of the greatest players of all time.