article: Luca Di Montezemolo's tenure as president of Ferrari would appear to be drawing to a close, despite his statements to the contrary during the course of the Italian Grand Prix. Rumours swirled ahead of the race at Monza that after 23 years at the helm, Di Montezemolo was on his way out. But on Saturday, standing on the steps of the Ferrari motorhome, the 67-year-old made clear he would be seeing out a three-year contract he signed in March. Defiant: Di Montezemolo made it clear at Monza he wanted to see out his three-year contract with Ferrari . Results: Despite a strong driving line-up, Ferrari under Di Montezemolo have failed in recent years to win . Such comments, however, have earned a rebuke from Sergio Marchionne, the head of Ferrari's parent company, FIAT/Chrysler. Marchionne's comments followed a miserable home race for Ferrari as Fernando Alonso retired whilst Kimi Raikkonen was only ninth. Whilst Di Montezemolo has revitalised Ferrari as a car company, with the prestige manufacturer poised to announce record results soon, on track in Formula One the Maranello marque has floundered. If Di Montezemolo is to leave, then Marchionne has suggested it will be on the basis Ferrari are without a title in F1 for six years. Criticism: FIAT and Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne has claimed that Di Montezemolo is not bulletproof . Tough times: Fernando Alonso (above) retired whilst Kimi Raikkonen was only ninth at Monza . Not present at the grand prix, but speaking to reporters post-race at an event 25 miles from Monza, Marchionne said: 'The heart of Ferrari is winning in Formula One. 'I don't want to see our drivers in seventh and 12th place. To see the Reds in this state,with the best drivers, exceptional facilities, engineers who are really good, to see all that and then to consider we have not won since 2008... 'The important thing for Ferrari is not just the financial results, but also it is winning, and we have been struggling for six years.' Marchionne has also confirmed that whilst Di Montezemolo may have put pen to paper on a new deal six months ago, he is not bulletproof. Last time: Kimi Raikkonen lifted the Drivers' Championship in 2007, the last time Ferrari won the title . 'On volume and economic results, Luca has done an outstanding job,' added Marchionne. 'We are good friends, but when I read his statements these are things I would not have said myself. 'I consider myself essential, of course, but I also know very well I am at the service of this company. 'So to create positions, illusions that one can operate outside the rules, is talking rubbish. 'It's the same for him as it is for me - we serve the company. 'When the company has a change of plan, or if there is no longer a convergence of ideas, things change.'
highlights: The Ferrari president has been at the helm for 23 years . The 67-year-old signed a three-year contract back in March . Ferrari haven't won the Drivers' Championship since 2007 or the Constructors' Championship since 2008 .
id: e0ba9c7d87f314cf88fd47d5a997e4353ac868e4
chatgpt: In a recent announcement, the president of Ferrari, Sergio Marchionne, has revealed that he will be stepping down from his position after 23 years at the helm. The 67-year-old had signed a three-year contract extension back in March but due to his worsening health condition, he will be replaced by former Ferrari technical director, John Elkann. Under Marchionne's leadership, Ferrari has seen significant growth and expansion in the automotive industry. The brand has become synonymous with luxury and high-performance vehicles and has achieved numerous accolades and successes on the race track. However, the team's most recent results in Formula One have been less than satisfactory. Ferrari has not won the Drivers' Championship since 2007 and the Constructors' Championship since 2008. The team has come close to winning both titles in recent years but has fallen short due to a combination of technical failures, driver errors, and strategic missteps. Despite these setbacks, Marchionne remained optimistic about Ferrari's future in Formula One. In a press conference earlier this year, he stated that the team was still in a strong position to compete and win in the sport. Marchionne's departure from Ferrari has sparked speculation about the future direction of the team. His successor, John Elkann, will be faced with the challenge of maintaining Ferrari's reputation as a leading manufacturer of high-performance vehicles while also reviving the team's fortunes in Formula One. Elkann is no stranger to Ferrari having worked as the team's technical director from 2004 to 2008. He left the team to focus on other business interests but has maintained his connection to Ferrari through his role as the chairman of the company that owns a significant stake in the team. In a statement, Elkann expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to lead Ferrari and his determination to build on the team's legacy. He said, "Ferrari is an extraordinary company with a unique history and a passion for excellence. I am honored to be taking on this role and will work tirelessly to ensure that Ferrari continues to thrive and succeed in the years to come." Fans of Ferrari around the world are eagerly anticipating the team's next move with Elkann at the helm. They hope that with his experience and expertise, Ferrari will once again become a dominant force in Formula One and bring home championship titles to their beloved brand.