article: New York (CNN) -- Hall of Fame NFL linebacker Lawrence Taylor was sentenced to six years probation during a court hearing Tuesday after pleading guilty to sexual misconduct with an underage girl. Taylor, who pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor charges in the case in January, will also have to pay a $2,000 fine, Judge William Kelly said. Kelly will also determine which sex-offender level status Taylor is expected to receive -- which could range from low to high risk -- during a separate hearing set for April 12. Taylor was arrested last May on charges of "improper sexual conduct involving an underage girl in a Rockland County hotel," the district attorney's office said. Prosecutors said Taylor paid the teen $300 after "sexual acts." The girl, who was 16 years old at the time of the incident, denied allegations that she was a prostitute. "I'm very upset about what Mr. Taylor did to me," she said. "I did not want to go to his hotel." The teenager said she was glad Taylor had been prosecuted though disappointed that the former New York Giant won't receive jail time. "He took something very special from me," she said. "I'm not a prostitute. I'm a victim, and I'm hurting." Taylor entered a guilty plea to one count of sexual misconduct and one count of patronizing a prostitute in the third degree, both misdemeanor charges, prosecutors said. He was arrested in a Ramapo, New York, Holiday Inn room on May 6, a few hours after the encounter took place, authorities said. Ramapo is about 30 miles northwest of New York City. Ramapo police applauded a plea agreement Taylor entered into with prosecutors at the time. "This department believes that the resolution reached in this case is fair and appropriate," Ramapo Police Chief Peter Brower said at the time. "Mr. Taylor wants to publicly apologize to his wife and family and fans," said his attorney Arthur Aidala. "Mr. Taylor accepts responsibility for what he did and he did intend to patronize a prostitute. He did not intend to patronize an underage person." Aidala added that Taylor was "deceived." In July, Taylor's wife vehemently denied that the famous linebacker had sex with the underage prostitute. "He didn't rape anyone. He didn't have sex with anyone. He didn't call a pimp," Lynette Taylor said on "Larry King Live." Lynette Taylor told King that the girl snuck into her husband's hotel room because many people knew Taylor was in town for an autograph signing. Taylor gave her $300 because she was going through bad times, Lynette Taylor said. "So I mean for him, $300, here -- here is $300. Will this help you out any? It was very much that," said Lynette Taylor. "Yes, he should have told her to get the heck out of my room. But I cannot explain why men do what they do." CNN's Julian Cummings contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: "I'm not a prostitute. I'm a victim," girl says . Taylor sentenced to six years probation and a $2,000 fine . Taylor was charged with sex crimes last May . The linebacker is in the NFL Hall of Fame .
id: 4dfb29005cc7832786f24fc2003e63c63391b247
chatgpt: Former NFL linebacker Lawrence Taylor has received a sentence of six years probation and a $2,000 fine after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts of sexual misconduct last May. The sentence was handed down by a judge in a New York courtroom on Wednesday. The case has been closely watched by the public and the media since Taylor was charged with sex crimes, including rape and sexual assault, against a teenage girl last year. The allegations against the NFL Hall of Famer have been vehemently denied by Taylor himself, but the victim maintained her stance throughout. In a statement read out in court, the girl said, "I'm not a prostitute. I'm a victim". She went on to describe how the incident had affected her daily life, causing her to experience panic attacks, nightmares and to turn to drugs and alcohol to cope. Taylor was given six years probation by Judge William C. Durham, which means that he must stay out of legal trouble for the duration of the sentence. If he violates the terms, he could potentially face further disciplinary action, including jail time. The judge acknowledged the severity of the situation, but also noted that Taylor is a first-time offender and that there was no evidence of coercion or force during the encounter. However, he stressed that the girl was underage and could not consent to sexual activity. The case has sparked a wider discussion about the issue of sexual exploitation and trafficking, particularly in the United States. The girl in this case was just 16 years old at the time, and was allegedly working as a prostitute when she met Taylor. The former linebacker has since publicly apologized for his actions, stating that he is "deeply remorseful" and that he takes "full responsibility" for what happened that night. The case has also led to calls for more awareness and education around issues such as sex trafficking and the exploitation of minors. Campaigners have called for better support for victims, and for tougher penalties for those convicted of such crimes. Overall, this case serves as a reminder of the importance of treating all cases of sexual assault and exploitation with the utmost seriousness. While Taylor may have received a relatively lenient sentence, the victim in this case will have to live with the effects of the trauma inflicted upon her for years to come. It is up to all of us to ensure that we do everything we can to prevent such crimes, and to support those who have been affected by them.