article: The trustee liquidating Bernard Madoff's firm on Monday said he is distributing another $355.8 million to the swindler's victims, bringing the total payout to more than $7.2 billion. Irving Picard, the trustee, said the payout began on February 6, and covers claims by fraud victims with 1,077 accounts at the former Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC. Claimants will receive between $431 to $67.1 million. Most of the payout comes from November settlements with the Herald, Primeo and Senator 'feeder funds,' which Picard accused of sending customer money to Madoff to further his multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme. Madoff, 76, is serving a 150-year prison term after pleading guilty to running a decades-long fraud that was uncovered in December 2008 . The trustee said claimants on 1,160, or 52per cent, of the 2,216 accounts where he found valid claims have been fully paid. Madoff, 76, is serving a 150-year prison term after pleading guilty to running a decades-long fraud that was uncovered in December 2008. The $7.2 billion payout includes $823.7 million advanced by the Securities Investor Protection Corp, which helps liquidate failed brokerages. Picard has recouped roughly $10.55 billion for Madoff victims, or about 60per cent of the estimated $17.5 billion of principal he estimates they lost. Some of that money has been held back because of pending litigation, including by former Madoff customers who challenge Picard's authority to block their competing claims. Leah Larsen, an investor who lost money with Bernard Madoff, addresses members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp in New York in 2011 -  she said she lost $100,000 to Madoff's $64 billion Ponzi scheme . Joe Castellano was another victim involved in the billion-dollar fraud case . Picard has filed more than 1,000 lawsuits against feeder funds, and former customers he has labeled 'net winners' because they took out more from Madoff's firm than they put in. Through September 30, 2014, law firms, consultants and other professionals had billed $1.01 billion in fees and expenses to recoup money for Madoff's victims, court papers show. Federal bankruptcy judges have so far approved more than $601 million of payments, largely comprising fees, to Picard's law firm Baker & Hostetler. Former U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Richard Breeden oversees a separate $4.05 billion fund to compensate customers and third parties who lost money because of Madoff.
highlights: Victims of Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme are set to get back another $355.8million from trustee Irving Picard . Picard, appointed after Madoff's scheme collapsed in 2008, has recovered about $10.5 billion in funds, about 60% of the amount Madoff lost .
id: 816e24d3c33bad696e0f2ef098f13d4ccc9957af
chatgpt: Victims of Bernie Madoff's infamous Ponzi scheme will soon receive another substantial settlement from trustee Irving Picard. As the individual appointed to oversee the Madoff bankruptcy case, Picard has managed to recover more than $10.5 billion in funds so far. The latest recovery means that the victims of the now-disgraced financial advisor's scheme will receive another $355.8 million, according to a new announcement of funds distribution. Back in 2008, Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison for his role in the massive Ponzi scheme, which ultimately defrauded thousands of investors and caused billions of dollars in losses. Madoff had claimed to be investing funds for his clients, but in reality, he was using incoming investments to pay off earlier investors, in what is perhaps the most infamous example of a Ponzi scheme in history. Although the Madoff scheme itself was uncovered more than a decade ago, it has taken years for Picard to recover and distribute funds to the thousands of affected individuals. Since being appointed, Picard has been able to recover roughly $13.3 billion in funds from various entities and accounts that were associated with the Madoff scheme. Most recently, Picard and his team have been working to recover funds from the estate of Jeffry Picower, a friend of Madoff's who died in 2009. Last year, Picard secured an additional $860 million from Picower's estate, which has contributed to the latest round of distributions to Madoff's victims. Despite the progress made thus far, there are still some hurdles to overcome in the ongoing Madoff bankruptcy case. For example, some victims have argued that Picard's method of determining how much each individual is owed in restitution is flawed. Furthermore, there have been disagreements over whether certain entities, such as hedge funds and charities, should be eligible to receive their share of the recovered funds. These ongoing issues could further delay the process of distributing funds to all the affected parties. Despite these challenges, however, the news of another significant distribution of funds from Picard will be welcome news for many of the victims of Madoff's scheme. While it will never fully make up for the financial losses and emotional trauma that came with the Madoff debacle, these funds serve as a crucial step forward in providing closure and restitution for those who were wronged by Madoff and his associates.