article: (CNN) -- An Oklahoma judge entered not guilty pleas Monday for two men accused of killing three people in a shooting spree in a predominately African-American neighborhood in Tulsa this month, according to an attorney for one of the suspects. Jake England and Alvin Watts face murder and hate crime charges in connection with the April 6 shootings that also left two people wounded. They appeared before a judge via a video link from jail to hear the charges against them, said Clark Brewster, England's attorney. Neither of the men, who are being held without bond, spoke. Watts was assigned a public defender, Brewster said. A preliminary hearing was scheduled for May 30. Authorities say England and Watts went into a largely African-American section of Tulsa shortly after midnight and gunned down apparent strangers at four locations. Two men and one woman died after being shot in the chest, while two others were shot and survived. All the shooting victims are black. Police have identified Watts and England as white, though a probable cause affidavit released Friday noted England was co-owner of a truck that had Cherokee Nation license plates. England confessed to shooting three people, while Watts admitted to police that he shot the other two, both of them fatally, according to police documents. On Friday, Tulsa County District Attorney Tim Harris filed, against both men, three counts of first-degree murder tied to the deaths of Bobby Clark, 54, Dannaer Fields, 49, and William Terrell Allen, 31. They also face two counts of shooting with intent to kill related to the two people who were wounded, according to the press release from the district attorney's office. In addition, the men face five counts of malicious harassment. The district attorney notes that, according to Oklahoma law, that charge infers that a person has acted "maliciously and with the specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person's race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin or disability." The charge is equivalent to a hate crime under Oklahoma law, according to Partners Against Hate, a joint project of the Anti-Defamation League, the Leadership Conference Education Fund and the Center for Preventing Hate nonprofit groups. If found guilty on the murder charges, England and Watts could be sentenced to death or to life in prison. The maximum sentence for each charge of shooting with intent to kill is life in prison. First Assistant District Attorney Doug Drummond said in a press release that the prosecution is likely to decide whether to seek the death penalty after the preliminary hearing is complete. CNN's Carma Hassan contributed to this report.
highlights: Jake England and Alvin Watts face murder and hate crime charges . They are accused of killing 3, wounding 2 in a predominately African-American neighborhood . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for May 30 .
id: 2003f781b7152d9f91228e522882a591f82ca52b
chatgpt: Two men are facing murder and hate crime charges after allegedly killing three people and wounding two others in a predominately African-American neighborhood in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Jake England and Alvin Watts were arrested and charged with the crimes, which took place in April. According to authorities, England and Watts targeted their victims based on their race. The shootings caused widespread fear and anger in the community, which had already been dealing with racial tensions in recent years. The victims were all African-American and ranged in age from 31 to 55. Two of the victims were found dead at the scene of the shooting, while a third died later at the hospital. The two wounded victims were also African-American. England and Watts appeared in court on Wednesday for a preliminary hearing, where witnesses told their stories of the shooting. One witness described how England approached their vehicle and asked if they were "white or black." When they said they were black, he pulled out a gun and started shooting. Another witness said that she saw England and Watts driving around the neighborhood before the shooting, playing loud music and shouting racial slurs. She said that she was afraid to leave her home because of the men's behavior. England and Watts have both been charged with three counts of first-degree murder, two counts of shooting with the intent to kill, and one count of possession of a firearm in commission of a felony. They are being held without bail and could face the death penalty if convicted. The community has been rocked by the shootings, with many calling for justice and an end to racial violence. Local leaders have spoken out against hate crimes and called for unity in the face of tragedy. "We cannot let hate and fear divide us," said Tulsa Mayor GT Bynum. "We must come together as a community and work to make sure that everyone feels safe and valued." The shootings have also sparked conversations about gun violence and mental health. England and Watts both had a history of mental health issues, and some have questioned whether better access to mental health care could have prevented the tragedy. The preliminary hearing for England and Watts has been scheduled for May 30, where more witnesses are expected to testify. The community will be watching closely as the case moves forward, hoping for justice and healing.