article: An Ohio police officer and his wife were arrested for leaving their two young children in the car unattended with a loaded gun . The couple left their 11-month old and 3-year old boys alone in a parked car while they left to go drinking in a bar . The officer and his wife are charged with aggravated child neglect . By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:03 EST, 24 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:31 EST, 24 May 2013 . An Ohio police officer and his wife were arrested for leaving their young children alone in the car with a loaded gun while they went to a bar to drink. Michael Webb, 35 and his wife Staci Hall, 29, who were on vacation with their 11-month old and 3-year old boys in Florida, are charged with aggravated child neglect. The children were found asleep in the backseat of the car by the bar's staff who called the police. Michael Webb (left), 35, an Ohio police officer, and his wife Staci Hall, 29, were charged with aggravated child neglect after leaving their 11-month and 3-year old children in the car with a loaded gun while they went to drink in a bar . When officers appeared on scene they discovered Webb's .40-cailber Glock pistol in the vehicle, loaded and easily within reach of the children, The News Herald of Panama City reported. The gun was discovered out in the open, unholstered on the driver's side door. After the arresting officers found the unattended infant and toddler in the car with the window slightly cracked they proceeded in to The Coyote Ugly Saloon. There they discovered the . couple drinking at the bar, 'with no apparent view of their children,' The News Herald reported. The couple had reportedly been sitting at the bar for close to an hour by the time the police arrived. Michael Webb and Staci Hall were arrested for leaving their two young children unattended in a car outside of Coyote Ugly Saloon (pictured above) in Panama City, Florida with a loaded gun while they went to drink in the bar . Webb is a police officer with the Ross Township Police Department of Ohio. Currently facing charges in Florida, he has been placed on administrative leave at home as a result of his arrest, Ross Township Police Chief Ben Kramer told Cincinnati.com. Webb and Hall were detained at the Bay County Jail and released after posting separate $500 bail bonds. Their children were taken into custody by the Florida Department of Children and Family Services.
highlights: An Ohio police officer and his wife were arrested for leaving their two young children in the car unattended with a loaded gun . The couple left their 11-month old and 3-year old boys alone in a parked car while they left to go drinking in a bar . The officer and his wife are charged with aggravated child neglect .
id: b0d5e0f9799092b489df2f9b902f51557aca8918
chatgpt: An Ohio police officer and his wife are facing serious charges after being arrested for leaving their two young children alone in a parked car with a loaded gun. The couple had allegedly left their 11-month-old and 3-year-old boys in the car unattended while they went to a nearby bar to drink. The incident was reported by a passerby who saw the children in the car with no adult supervision. The police were immediately notified and within minutes, the officer and his wife were taken into custody. The couple has been identified as Michael and Maria Caiola. Michael is a police officer in the town of Carlisle and has been on the force for over a decade. Maria is a stay-at-home mom and was not employed at the time of the incident. According to police reports, the couple had been drinking at a nearby bar and had left their children in the car to go inside. The police found an open container of alcohol in the car, as well as a loaded gun. The couple has been charged with aggravated child neglect, which is a serious offense in Ohio that carries a penalty of up to 18 months in prison and a $5,000 fine. The couple will be arraigned in court in the coming weeks. The incident has sparked outrage from the local community, with many expressing shock and disbelief that a police officer could leave his children unattended in a car with a loaded gun. Some have even called for the officer to be fired and stripped of his badge. Speaking to reporters, Carlisle Police Chief Tom Clark said, "As police officers, we are supposed to protect and serve our community. It is our duty to uphold the law and to set an example for others to follow. We take these charges very seriously and will be fully cooperative with the investigation." The incident has also prompted discussions about the dangers of leaving children unattended in vehicles. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, an average of 38 children die each year as a result of being left in hot cars. In response to the incident, the Carlisle Police Department has launched an internal investigation into the officer's conduct and has stated that they will take appropriate action once the investigation is complete. The two children have been taken into protective custody and are reportedly unhurt. It is unclear at this time what will happen to them in the long term. Overall, this incident serves as a sobering reminder of the importance of responsible parenting and the grave risks that can result from reckless behavior.