article: Sprinter Adam Gemili holds up his Olympic Games pass, with a photos of someone completely different . He's one of the most talked-about British athletes competing in the Olympics and Great Britain's great hope in the 100metres. But someone in the Locog security team hasn't read all the hype about teenage sprinter Adam Gemili. When the running sensation arrived in London to pick up his Games pass - it had a photo of someone completely different on it. The confused junior world champion posted a photo of his pass, and the mystery man, on his Twitter page - and asked followers for help identifying the fake Adam Gemili. He wrote: 'My Olympic accreditation to get into the games, who even is this guy?!?!?' Many of Team GB's track and field stars have been based at a training camp in Portugal, and are arriving at the Olympic Village just days before they're due to compete. And organisers admit Gemili's mix-up wasn't an isolated incident. Particularly after a series of security fiascoes. British Olympic Association deputy chef de mission, Sir Clive Woodward, told BBC Sport: 'It's happened a few times to be fair and I've tried to meet most athletes when they arrive to solve any problems. 'It is a big issue from a security point of view as the picture has to match the person so I know we've dealt with it as it came to us last night.' The 18-year-old is being hailed as one of Britain's 'golden generation' of future superstars, but he only started running seriously in January. The Londoner, who is currently . studying a BTEC diploma in sport at Barking and Dagenham College, only . quit football last November to focus on running. Before that the teenager's sporting career seemed destined to be played out on the football pitch rather than the running track. Adam Gemili raced to victory in the World Junior Championships last month, setting a new personal best of 10.05 . The former Dartford Grammar School pupil -  who is of Moroccan and Iranian descent - . was signed up by Chelsea when he was just eight years old and spent . seven years with the European Champions before switching to his local . club Dagenham and Redbridge. He . spent part of last season on loan at nearby Blue Square Bet South side . Thurrock, but was still training with Dagenham and Redbridge until the . end of the year, when he swapped his football boots for runners spikes. His transition to sprinter was complete earlier this month when Gemili won the World Junior Championships with a phenomenal time of 10.05 seconds.
highlights: Adam Gemili, 18, given wrong pass after arriving in London for 2012 . BOA chief Clive Woodward admits 'it's happened a few times'
id: 15397ffcba7526a2e508b7fa4ba4a3a7eea34c29
chatgpt: In a shocking revelation, it has been reported that Adam Gemili, the renowned British sprinter who was just 18 years old at the time, was given the wrong pass upon arriving in London for the 2012 Olympic Games. This news comes after Clive Woodward, the Chief of the British Olympic Association (BOA), admitted that this has happened on several occasions in the past. According to sources, Adam Gemili was handed a pass that belonged to a different athlete upon his arrival in London. This pass allegedly had incorrect information and thus, caused a great deal of confusion for Gemili. The young athlete was supposed to have access to certain facilities and venues with his pass but instead found himself being denied entry at several places. The incident was said to have caused significant anxiety and distress for Gemili, who was understandably upset at the mix-up. After all, this was his very first Olympic Games, and he was representing Britain on a world stage. The last thing he expected was to be given the wrong pass upon his arrival. When questioned about the incident, BOA Chief Clive Woodward admitted that this was not the first time such a mistake had been made. In fact, it is alleged that several other athletes had also been given incorrect passes in the past. Woodward stated that this was an unfortunate mistake and apologized to Gemili and other athletes affected. As a result of this incident, the BOA has reportedly taken steps to ensure that such an error is not repeated in the future. According to Woodward, the organization has implemented strict measures to ensure that every athlete receives the correct pass upon their arrival in the host city. Despite the initial setbacks caused by the wrong pass, Adam Gemili went on to perform admirably at the 2012 Olympic Games. Gemili competed in the 100 meters and 200 meters races and reached the semi-finals in both. He went on to win a silver medal in the 4x100 meters relay, an achievement that helped cement his place as one of Britain's most promising young athletes. The incident with the wrong pass may have caused a hiccup in Gemili's Olympic journey, but it is just a small blip in what has been a remarkable career so far. With many more competitions and Olympic Games to come, there is no doubt that Gemili will continue to represent Britain with pride and determination, and his fans will continue to cheer for him every step of the way.