article: Cesc Fabregas believes Chelsea have the 'talent, discipline and courage' to clinch an historic quadruple under Jose Mourinho this season. The Blues are currently on course in all competitions, most recently defeating Derby 3-1 to advance to the semi-finals of the Capital One Cup. And when asked by Sky Sports after the game at the iPro Stadium whether Chelsea could lift all four trophies, Fabregas insisted he had seen enough from his new side to suggest it is on. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Jose Mourinho on PSG and the potential to win the quadruple . Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas believes Chelsea have the talent to win the quadruple this season . Filipe Luis celebrates netting his free-kick as Chelsea beat Derby 3-1 in the Capital One Cup quarter-final . 'I'm enjoying playing in this team; we have a very strong squad and we want to go for everything,' the former Arsenal midfielder said. 'We can get better, 100 per cent, and we know that. Everyone is really focused and professional but the next two or three weeks are very important. 'Time will tell [how good this season can be]. We definitely have the talent, the discipline and the courage to do it, I'm sure of that from what I've seen so far in my short time here. 'I can see the team doing well but we will have to work hard and, at the end of the season, we will talk about it.' Jose Mourinho's side have been in fine form in all competitions but he is wary of talk about a quadruple . That goes against the thoughts of Fabregas' manager Mourinho, who when asked whether the quadruple was a possibility replied: 'You (the media) spoke a few weeks ago about being unbeatable in the Premier League - we never did it. 'Now you speak about a quadruple but we must keep our feet on the ground.' Fabregas was also pictured running on to the field with Cesar Azpilicueta holding a stretcher during the game on Tuesday night after Kurt Zouma was injured in a collision. Mourinho said that the young defender 'should be fine', despite the apparent severity of the knock following a collision with his own goalkeeper, Petr Cech. Fabregas and team-mate Cesar Azpilicueta rush onto the pitch with a stretcher after Kurt Zouma's collision .
highlights: Chelsea beat Derby 3-1 on Tuesday night in a Capital One Cup quarter-final . Jose Mourinho's side also top Premier League table . Summer signing Cesc Fabregas says his team can win four trophies . Former Arsenal midfielder insists they have the talent and courage . Fabregas rushed on to pitch with stretcher after Kurt Zouma collision .
id: a2da116878871db30f658a63dd045b5935f31aa0
chatgpt: Chelsea continued their quest for silverware on Tuesday night as they beat Derby County 3-1 in the Capital One Cup quarter-finals. The victory sees them progress to the semi-finals of the competition, keeping their hopes alive for a trophy they last won in 2015. The Premier League leaders went into the match as favourites against the Championship outfit and they didn't disappoint. Second-half goals from Eden Hazard, Filipe Luis and a Cyrus Christie own goal were enough to seal the win for Jose Mourinho's men. Summer signing Cesc Fabregas was pleased with the result and declared that his team are capable of winning four trophies this season. The former Arsenal midfielder has been in good form this season and played a key role in Chelsea's title charge. He said, "We are still in every competition and we want to win them all. We have the talent and courage to do it." Fabregas's comments will give Chelsea fans hope that they can replicate their success of the 2014/15 campaign, when they won the Premier League, FA Cup and the League Cup. However, the victory against Derby came at a cost for Chelsea as centre-back Kurt Zouma suffered a serious knee injury in the second half. Fabregas, who was coming on as a substitute, rushed onto the pitch with a stretcher during the incident, highlighting his concern for his teammate. Chelsea will be without Zouma for the rest of the season and Mourinho will have to rearrange his defence. It remains to be seen who will fill the void left by the Frenchman, but John Terry and Gary Cahill will be expected to step up. The Blues are now in a strong position in both the Premier League and the Capital One Cup, and will fancy their chances of going all the way in both competitions. With the likes of Hazard, Diego Costa and Fabregas in fine form, Chelsea are a force to be reckoned with and their opponents will not relish facing them in the coming weeks. As the season enters its crucial stages, Chelsea will be hoping to kick on and win silverware. Fabregas's comments will only add to the confidence in the squad and the fans will be expecting nothing less than success this season.