article: By . Jessica Jerreat . Bake sale: Saira Munoz could be deported over her arrest for selling pot brownies in school . A California student arrested for selling pot brownies to raise money for her prom dress could be deported to Mexico. Saira Munoz came up with the money-making scheme while at River Valley High School last year and even employed a fellow student to help sell the brownies. But the teenager, who was 18 at the time, was arrested after a student fell sick and had to be taken to hospital after eating one of the drug-laced cakes. Munoz was sentenced to nine days in prison and four years' probation on Monday but the teenager was also told she could face being deported after her sentence ends. Because she arrived in the U.S. in 2000 with only temporary permission to remain in the country, her felony charge for employing a minor to sell marijuana could be used as reason to send her back to Mexico. Friends of the former student, who currently works in a restaurant, are upset that she could face deportation for her mistakes. 'I was hurt, because she got arrested, and nobody wanted to see somebody we cared about go away,' Carlos Robles, who went to school with Munoz, told CBS News. 'There's people that deserve to be deported, and she just wasn't one of them. There's people that do way worse,' he added. Munoz was convicted of felony child . endangerment and misdemeanor possession of marijuana on school grounds . after admitting to selling the cakes in March last year. Scroll down for video . Sentenced: Former River Valley student Saira Munoz was given nine days in prison and four years' probation . School dance: Saira Munoz planned to sell pot brownies to raise money for a prom dress . She told officers she obtained the drugs from an acquaintance, and planned to use the money she made to buy a dress for the school dance. Two minors were issued citations for helping in the distribution of the pot brownies and were released, the Appeal Democrat reported. As he sentenced her, Judge Brian Aronson told the teenager: 'If you are departed, you must not return unless you do so legally. If you do return, you must check in with probation immediately.'
highlights: Saira Munoz was arrested when a student was taken to hospital after eating the marijuana-laced cakes . 19-year-old faces having her temporary visa revoked because of charges .
id: 87ef9f9c6a486fc401e429152e83196d79877469
chatgpt: Saira Munoz, a 19-year-old woman was arrested on charges of causing grievous harm after a student was rushed to the hospital upon ingesting a cannabis-laced cake. The arrest was made following an investigation into the incident, which caused widespread panic and concern among the student community. Ms. Munoz, who is currently in the country on a temporary visa, now faces the possibility of having her visa revoked due to the charges against her. This has caused great anxiety and stress for her family and friends, who are hoping for a favorable outcome in the case. According to sources close to the investigation, Ms. Munoz had been selling the cakes to fellow students in order to make an extra income. However, one student who consumed the cake had an adverse reaction to the product and had to be hospitalized. The incident has led to concerns about the quality and safety of food products sold on campus, and has spurred calls for tighter regulations and increased oversight. Several advocacy groups have also weighed in on the issue, calling for greater awareness and education about the dangers of consuming edibles. Speaking about the incident, the school administration expressed regret and concern, stating that they are taking all necessary measures to ensure the safety and well-being of students. "We are deeply concerned about this incident and are working closely with law enforcement and other partners to ensure that a comprehensive investigation is conducted," said a spokesperson for the school. "We take the safety and well-being of our students very seriously and will continue to work diligently to ensure that incidents like this do not happen again." The incident has raised important questions about the dangers of consuming THC-infused edibles, particularly among teenagers and young adults who may be unaware of the potential risks. Experts have cautioned against using such products without proper education and guidance, warning that edible marijuana products can be particularly dangerous if not consumed responsibly. As the case against Ms. Munoz continues to unfold, the community remains on edge, hoping for a just and fair outcome. Ms. Munoz is currently in custody, and her family and friends are urging authorities to show leniency given her young age and lack of previous criminal record.