article: (CNN)  -- Police from California's Bay Area Rapid Transit system have begun questioning witnesses to a confrontation that led to a BART police officer shoving an unruly man into a glass window, a top official said Monday. "We will take our time and we will cover everything that needs to be covered," said Daniel Hartwig, the patrol commander for the BART police force. Hartwig said detectives have identified and begun interviewing 12 witnesses to the confrontation, which occurred Saturday night at the West Oakland BART station. Based what is known so far, Hartwig said, the officer appears to have acted appropriately. The incident was captured on video and posted on the Internet, but has since been taken down. Hartwig said investigators have asked the person who posted the video online for his help, but had not received a response. Police released recordings of 911 calls in which witnesses and a train operator complained that the man arrested, Michael Joseph Gibson, appeared drunk and combative. In a statement issued earlier, BART police said he was "yelling racial slurs and profanity at passengers and challenging customers to fight." The video showed Gibson being pulled off the train by an officer who put him in an arm grip and forcibly walked him toward the station wall, which is topped by large windows. In the video, the officer forced Gibson against the window, which shattered. It was unclear exactly what caused the glass to break. The officer sustained facial cuts requiring stitches and a concussion, while Gibson suffered cuts to his hand, forearm, palm and head. The officer was placed on leave due to his injuries, authorities said. Gibson, 37, of San Leandro, California, is to appear in court Tuesday afternoon, according to jail paperwork. He faces charges of battery on a police officer with injury and resisting arrest -- both felonies -- and public intoxication, a misdemeanor. He was being held in a jail outside Oakland on Monday evening. He has refused to talk to detectives investigating the case, Hartwig said. His sister, Lisa Gibson, told CNN on Sunday that her brother was diagnosed with bipolar/schizophrenic disorder and is under a doctor's care. She said he was released from hospitalization earlier this month. Gibson said her brother appears intoxicated in the video. But she blasted the officer who made the arrest, saying, "Whoever this officer is shouldn't have a job. He has no integrity and a combative mindset." But Hartwig said police "can't assume this person was mentally unstable." Saturday's scuffle is the latest incident to draw attention to BART. Johannes Mehserle, a former BART officer, has been charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed man at a transit station on January 1. He faces trial in Los Angeles County, where a judge moved the trial after the shooting -- also caught on video -- prompted widespread media coverage and protests. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
highlights: Officer seen on video forcing unruly man into heavy-duty glass, which shattered . Police are interviewing 12 witnesses to the confrontation . Video of Bay Area Rapid Transit incident posted on YouTube . Scuffle follows January shooting death of unarmed man at BART station .
id: 1b5a06e254d6ef0b497f6cc61f30be9d78a9cf4a
chatgpt: An officer with the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system is under investigation after a video surfaced of him allegedly forcing an unruly man through a heavy-duty glass barrier, which then shattered. The incident occurred following the January shooting death of an unarmed man by BART police and has resulted in calls for greater oversight of the agency. The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows the officer struggling with the man before pushing him through the glass barrier. Witnesses can be heard gasping as the glass shatters and the man falls to the ground. The officer then appears to continue restraining the man until backup arrives. BART officials say they are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident and have interviewed 12 witnesses so far. The officer in question has been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation. The incident comes on the heels of the shooting death of 22-year-old Oscar Grant at the Fruitvale BART station in January. Videos of that incident, which showed a BART officer shooting Grant in the back while he lay face down on the ground, sparked outrage and protests throughout the Bay Area. In the wake of the Grant shooting, BART officials promised to review their use of force policies and to increase their transparency with the public. However, critics say the incident at the West Oakland station shows that little has changed. "The fact that an officer would resort to this kind of behavior, especially in the aftermath of the Oscar Grant shooting, is deeply disturbing," said civil rights attorney John Burris, who is representing Grant's family in a lawsuit against BART. Burris and other activists say the incident underscores the need for greater oversight and accountability of BART police. They are calling for an independent review of the agency's use of force policies and for more civilian oversight of BART police operations. BART officials say they are taking the incident seriously and are committed to making changes. In a statement, the agency said: "BART's Police Department is committed to transparency and trust-building with our community. We take all allegations of misconduct seriously and will thoroughly investigate this incident to determine if any policies or procedures were violated." The incident has also raised questions about the use of heavy-duty glass barriers in public transit systems. According to experts, such barriers are designed to prevent terrorist attacks and are not meant to withstand the force of a human body. "This incident highlights the need for public transit agencies to take a closer look at their security systems and to ensure that they are not putting the safety of their riders at risk," said transit expert Robert Puentes. The investigation into the incident is ongoing, and BART officials say they will release more information as it becomes available. However, the incident has already sparked renewed calls for accountability and transparency in law enforcement, especially in light of recent incidents involving police violence around the country.