article: Tokyo (CNN) -- On the outskirts of Tokyo, behind a small government building, underneath a soccer field and skateboard park, sits a remarkable feat of engineering. It's an example of how Japan's capital, which lies in a region at high risk from flooding and tropical cyclones, is trying to figure out how to contain the elements to protect its 13 million inhabitants. The entrance, which is locked at all times, is so nondescript a visitor may walk past dozens of times without ever noticing it. But today, we are given a tour down below of the so-called "Water Discharge Tunnel." Built between 1993 and 2006 at a cost of nearly $3 billion, the stunning complex is far more impressive than its name suggests. Winding down a series of stairs, you soon come upon a massive hall, resembling an underground Parthenon, or a scene out of a science fiction film. In pictures: Sandy's trail of destruction . The initial water tank stretches more than 320 feet in length and towers higher than a five-story building. When you add it all up, the complex features five massive shafts, or tanks, that are able to move water along a tunnel that stretches nearly four miles. Special: Tokyo battles the elements . In this area of Saitama prefecture, heavy rains would often flood the Naka River Basin. But now, that valuable farmland has an incredible drain system sitting below. When the tanks and tunnel fill, engineers are able to turn on the heart of the system, which is a series of four turbines powered by jet engines similar to those used in a Boeing 737 airplane. The turbines are then able to rapidly funnel floodwaters to the nearby Edo River. It's worth noting that this part of suburban Tokyo can hardly be compared to the dense underground of New York City, which is a maze of subway tunnels, sewage systems and power lines. The engineers here are the first to point out that their system, while remarkable, is meant to deal with heavy rains -- and that it would struggle to cope with a Sandy-type storm surge coming from the Atlantic Ocean into New York's Upper Bay. Still, the underground marvel could inspire engineers to look for new ways to try to contain Mother Nature in the future. Huge plugs could have spared subways from flooding, developers say .
highlights: Japan's "Water Discharge Tunnel" complex drains floodwater into Edo River . Underground complex is higher than five-story building, stretches nearly four miles . System's heart is four turbines powered by jet engines similar to those in Boeing 737 plane .
id: e0b6833d9119caa9b416ffc236f8c6fa93e26816
chatgpt: Japan's state-of-the-art "Water Discharge Tunnel" complex is providing much-needed relief from flooding caused by heavy rainfall. The underground complex, which is higher than a five-story building and stretches nearly four miles, can drain as much as 200 tons of water per second. Located in Saitama prefecture, just north of Tokyo, the system's heart is made up of four turbines powered by jet engines similar to those found in a Boeing 737 plane. These turbines can pump water at an astonishing speed of 80 kilometers per hour. The complex has the capacity to reduce water levels in the area by as much as 4 meters in just an hour. It is a crucial infrastructure in the fight against flooding, which has caused extensive damage to property and lives in Japan. The "Water Discharge Tunnel" complex works in tandem with other drainage systems in the region that help to curb the effects of flooding. The Edo River, which is the largest in the region, is a vital component of the drainage network. The water discharged by the complex flows into the river, which can then carry it to the ocean. The system is also designed to keep the area safe in case of earthquakes. The tunnel walls and floors are made of reinforced concrete that is 70cm thick. It can withstand the forces of an earthquake measuring up to 7 on the Richter scale. The system's control room is located above ground and is manned by highly skilled operators who continuously monitor the complex's performance. The operators are well-versed in the operation of the complex's sophisticated computer systems, which regulate the flow of water through the system. The "Water Discharge Tunnel" complex has various alarms, sensors, and gauges that automatically notify the operators if the system is not performing to its full potential. The operators are trained to identify any anomalies or problems and fix them as soon as possible, avoiding catastrophic situations. The system's construction started in 1992 and was completed in 2006, costing around $2.6 billion. Although it is a costly investment, it has been an effective solution to combat the effects of flooding in the region. The system has been tested several times, and it passed every test flawlessly. In brief, the "Water Discharge Tunnel" complex is a remarkable feat of engineering, offering protection for homes and businesses in the region against the devastating impact of floods. Its continued operation is critical in preventing damage to life and property caused by natural disasters, such as heavy rainfall and earthquakes.