article: By . Ian Drury . PUBLISHED: . 19:13 EST, 14 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:14 EST, 14 April 2013 . The Police and Crime Commissioner at the centre of the youth tsar fiasco has spent hundreds of thousands of pounds on staff and personal ad campaigns, it emerged yesterday. Ann Barnes has also splashed out £15,000 on a battle bus which she has called 'Ann Force One' – a pun on the name of the US President's plane Air Force One. The 67-year-old former teacher was elected as PCC of Kent in November, despite having previously described the job as a 'wilful waste of public money'. Battle bus: Kent police commissioner Ann Barnes has used the £15,000 bus for an outreach community tour . PCCs, introduced last year, are tasked with creating a police and crime plan and setting their local force budget . Last week Mrs Barnes was humiliated by the resignation of Paris Brown, 17, her £15,000-a-year youth crime tsar, for posting a string of racist and obscene rants on Twitter. Now she is facing calls to quit amid claims she has lost the confidence of voters and police. Humiliated: Miss Barnes' £15,000-a-year youth crime tsar resigned last week following a string of obscene and racist rants on Twitter . Mrs Barnes, who served as chairman of Kent Police Authority from June 2005, initially said the role of PCCs were 'unnecessary'. 'They will have no different or additional powers from the current police authorities and are a wilful waste of public money,' she said. But she performed a U-turn and decided to run for the post. She was elected by only one in ten local people. She received a £65,000-a-year pay rise, taking her salary to £85,000. Despite her comments on squandering public money, Mrs Barnes is using £90,000 of taxpayer funds to hire a chief of staff. She has also recruited two special advisers on £5,900-a-month salaries and is paying a former police authority colleague £300 a day to counsel her. She stood by Miss Brown when the scandal first broke. The teenager had railed against gay people, immigrants and travellers, while glorifying drug-taking and violence. She also used an offensive word for black people, prompting a police probe. Outraged officers criticised Mrs Barnes on the Kent Police Federation Facebook page. One comment read: 'Utterly incredible. I never thought that such a huge gravy train would follow with all that officers are struggling with. How on earth is this equitable and fair?' Former Tory MP Jerry Hayes, a barrister, said: 'She just showed a total lack of judgment, which is rather worrying given she's in charge of governing the police. She's very much on probation.' Mrs Barnes admitted she had no idea how much public money had been spent employing a youth crime tsar. She said: 'I will publish the estimated cost when my staff have researched the figures.'
highlights: Police and Crime Commissioner Ann Barnes splashed out £15,000 on a bus . She has previously described the job as a 'wilful waste of public money' Miss Barnes is using £90,000 of public funds to hire a chief of staff . She has also recruited two special advisers on £5,900-a-month salaries . Commissioner was humiliated this month by resignation of Paris Brown .
id: f71b796575d33b057f54a61658532187e5de0f2d
chatgpt: Kent Police and Crime Commissioner Ann Barnes has come under scrutiny after it was revealed that she has spent £15,000 on a bus. This comes after she previously described her job as a "wilful waste of public money." The purchase of the bus has left many questioning the commissioner’s judgment and priorities. The bus, decorated with the words “Your Commissioner,” was intended to be used for community outreach programs across the county. However, critics are questioning if the bus is worth the high cost and if it represents efficient use of taxpayer money.  Miss Barnes is already using £90,000 of public funds to hire a chief of staff, which raises further questions on her spending habits. She has also recruited two special advisers on salaries of £5,900 a month each. The total salary of those three individuals amounts to just over £200,000 per year. This year has not been a good one for Barnes. In April, one of her special advisers, Paris Brown, resigned after just six days on the job. Brown was found to have made offensive comments about homosexuals and immigrants on her Twitter account in the past, leading to her resignation. The Commissioner was publicly humiliated by Brown’s resignation, and many believe this latest purchase is another example of her misuse of public funds. She has also come under criticism for spending £35,000 on a new office refurbishment, which included leather sofas and a meeting table. Barnes, however, insists that the bus represents a valuable resource for community outreach programs across the county. She argues that the bus will be used to visit schools and other community centers, providing an opportunity for children and other members of the public to speak to police officers and learn about the work they do. Despite her arguments, however, Barnes' critics remain unconvinced, with some describing her decision to purchase the bus as a "vanity project."  In conclusion, it remains to be seen if Barnes’ latest purchase will help improve her standing with the public. However, her decision to spend £15,000 of public money on a bus has certainly raised eyebrows and left many questioning her judgment. At a time when police funding is already stretched, many believe that a more considered approach to spending public money is required. Barnes’ spending habits may continue to attract criticism in the future if she fails to demonstrate a more serious approach to her role as Police and Crime Commissioner.