article: Washington (CNN)  -- President Obama has declared a national emergency to deal with the "rapid increase in illness" from the H1N1 influenza virus. "The 2009 H1N1 pandemic continues to evolve. The rates of illness continue to rise rapidly within many communities across the nation, and the potential exists for the pandemic to overburden health care resources in some localities," Obama said in a statement. "Thus, in recognition of the continuing progression of the pandemic, and in further preparation as a nation, we are taking additional steps to facilitate our response." The president signed the declaration late Friday and announced it Saturday. Calling the emergency declaration "an important tool in our kit going forward," one administration official called Obama's action a "proactive measure that's not in response to any new development." Having trouble finding vaccine? Share your story . Another administration official said the move is "not tied to the current case count" and "gives the federal government more power to help states" by lifting bureaucratic requirements -- both in treating patients and moving equipment to where it's most needed. The officials didn't want their names used because they were not authorized to speak on the record. Obama's action allows Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius "to temporarily waive or modify certain requirements" to help health care facilities enact emergency plans to deal with the pandemic. Those requirements are contained in Medicare, Medicaid and state Children's Health Insurance programs, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act privacy rule. Since the H1N1 flu pandemic began in April, millions of people in the United States have been infected, at least 20,000 have been hospitalized and more than 1,000 have died, said Dr. Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Watch how to find out if you have H1N1 . Frieden said that having 46 states reporting widespread flu transmission is traditionally the hallmark of the peak of flu season. To have the flu season peak at this time of the year is "extremely unusual." The CDC said 16.1 million doses of H1N1, or swine flu, vaccine had been made by Friday -- 2 million more than two days earlier. About 11.3 million of those had been distributed throughout the United States, Frieden said. "We are nowhere near where we thought we would be," Frieden said, acknowledging that manufacturing delays have contributed to less vaccine being available than expected. "As public health professionals, vaccination is our strongest tool. Not having enough is frustrating to all of us." Frieden said that while the way vaccine is manufactured is "tried and true," it's not well-suited for ramping up production during a pandemic because it takes at least six months. The vaccine is produced by growing weakened virus in eggs.
highlights: National emergency declared to deal with "rapid increase in illness" Obama: "Potential exists for the pandemic to overburden health care resources" Source: Action helps states by lifting bureaucratic requirements . CDC says 16.1 million doses of H1N1 vaccine have been made .
id: bce7e7c1f78517cb881ba145e8d029cb6676443e
chatgpt: In response to what officials are calling a "rapid increase in illness," President Obama has declared a national emergency, warning that the potential exists for the H1N1 pandemic to overburden health care resources. The move is expected to help states cope with an expected spike in cases this winter by lifting bureaucratic requirements. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported yesterday that 16.1 million doses of the H1N1 vaccine have been produced so far, with more expected to become available in the coming weeks. However, officials are concerned that the vaccine may not be enough to meet the needs of the entire population. According to the CDC, the H1N1 virus continues to be widespread in the United States, with nearly 6,000 deaths and more than 47,000 hospitalizations since the outbreak began earlier this year. Health officials are urging people to get vaccinated and take basic precautions to prevent the spread of the virus, including washing their hands regularly and staying home if they are sick. The national emergency declaration is designed to give states more flexibility in their response to the pandemic, allowing them to bypass certain regulations and requirements that may slow down their efforts to combat the virus. The move comes as hospitals and health care providers are bracing for what is expected to be a surge in H1N1-related cases this winter. President Obama emphasized the need for a coordinated response to the pandemic, calling on all Americans to do their part in helping to control the spread of the virus. He said that the national emergency declaration was a necessary step in ensuring that the necessary resources were available to respond to the pandemic. "We are taking this seriously. We are acting aggressively. The potential exists for the pandemic to overburden our health care resources, and that's why we're taking the steps that we're taking," Obama said in a news conference yesterday. "We cannot afford to be complacent. We cannot afford to let our guard down, especially as we head into flu season." Some critics have questioned whether the declaration is too little, too late, pointing to the fact that the pandemic has been ongoing for several months without a national emergency being declared. However, health officials maintain that the move is necessary to help states prepare for what is expected to be a challenging winter. The H1N1 pandemic has been a major public health challenge this year, with health officials scrambling to produce and distribute enough vaccine to meet the needs of the population. While the situation has improved somewhat in recent weeks, experts warn that the pandemic is far from over and that the threat of a major outbreak still looms. As Americans continue to grapple with the threat of the H1N1 virus, officials say that the national emergency declaration is a sign that the government is taking the pandemic seriously and is doing everything it can to protect the public's health. Whether it will be enough to stave off a major outbreak remains to be seen, but officials remain cautiously optimistic that their efforts will help to control the spread of the virus and mitigate its impact on the population.