article: By . Daniel Martin . PUBLISHED: . 17:53 EST, 14 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:24 EST, 15 April 2013 . Controversy: Bishop of Grantham Tim Ellis has expressed concern over such a lavish funeral for so divisive a figure as Baroness Thatcher . The bishop of Baroness Thatcher’s home town has joined her political opponents in questioning the cost of her funeral. The Rt Rev Dr Tim Ellis, Bishop of Grantham, described the scale of the event as a ‘mistake’. Yesterday, Labour’s foreign affairs spokesman Douglas Alexander said he would prefer to see a simpler funeral, while former deputy prime minister Lord Prescott suggested the occasion should be privatised. And Lord Ashdown, the Lib Dem elected leader of his party during Lady Thatcher’s final years in power, also said he would prefer something ‘more simple’. Dr Ellis said the ceremonial event, costing up to £10million, was ‘asking for trouble’ amid divisions over the late prime minister’s legacy. The Anglican bishop added: ‘I think that in a context where there is manifestly great ill-feeling about her tenure and about her legacy, to then actually have a situation where we seem to be expecting the nation to glorify that with a £10million funeral... I think any sensible person would say that that is asking for trouble. ‘It plays into the hands of  those more extreme people  who will use the funeral as an opportunity to promote certain political views. I think it was probably a mistake.’ But Philip Davies, Tory MP for Shipley, said: ‘He’s completely wrong and it seems particularly bizarre that of all the people to take this view, it’s the Bishop of Grantham. He’s using his position in the Church of England to basically put forward his own political views.’ And Andrew Rosindell, Tory MP for Romford, said: ‘The arrangements for the funeral have been agreed by the Queen, who is the head of the Church of England. It is not for a bishop to call that into question.’ Dr Tim Ellis fears the cost of the funeral will play into the hands of those who despise her legacy . Members of the military rehearse at Wellington Barracks in Central London for former PM Margaret Thatcher's funeral procession on Wednesday . Meanwhile, Lord Prescott suggested the 13,000 millionaires who benefited from the Government’s cut in the top rate of tax should each contribute £770 to pay for it. ‘Privatise her funeral. It would be a fitting tribute,’ he added. Mr Alexander called for a debate to be held over the appropriate arrangements for when a prime minister dies, and said: ‘I’m a Presbyterian, I would, by inclination, err towards something rather more simple than what we will see, but my sense is this is not the week to be having those discussions.’ Lord Ashdown said: ‘I have to say something just as solemn but a little more simple might be better.’
highlights: Bishop of Grantham says the ceremony is 'asking for trouble' He says the funeral plays into the hands of the extreme Left . But Tory MPs claim he is using funeral to state his own political views .
id: 8c246cfc9e77632c51e6053e3539618f5efe4aa3
chatgpt: The Bishop of Grantham has caused controversy by suggesting that the upcoming funeral of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh is "asking for trouble." In a statement that has drawn criticism from some quarters, the bishop said that the ceremony played into the hands of the extreme Left and risked causing further division and unrest in the country. The bishop's comments were made during an interview in which he expressed his concern about the politicization of the event. He argued that by emphasizing the Duke's achievements and contributions to the country, the funeral could be seen as an endorsement of the monarchy and the establishment, which would be seen as highly provocative by those on the Left who are calling for radical reform. "The funeral is an opportunity for the country to come together and mourn the loss of a great man," the bishop said. "But if it is used to promote a particular agenda or to make a political statement, then it risks dividing us even further. We need to be careful that we don't play into the hands of those who seek to exploit this moment for their own purposes." The bishop's comments have been met with a mixed reaction. Some have praised him for speaking out about the need to keep the funeral free from political interference. However, others have accused him of using the occasion to air his own political views. Several Tory MPs have been quick to condemn the bishop's comments, arguing that he is attempting to use the funeral to promote his own agenda. They point to his previous statements on social justice and economic inequality, which they say demonstrate a clear political bias. "Once again, we see the Church of England trying to hijack a national event in order to broadcast its political views," said one Tory MP. "It's deeply disappointing that the bishop would stoop to this level and use a funeral to make a political statement." Others have defended the bishop's right to express his views. They argue that the funeral is a public event and should be subject to scrutiny and debate, just like any other issue of public concern. "It's important that we have a frank and open discussion about the role of the monarchy in modern Britain," said one commentator. "The death of the Duke of Edinburgh raises important questions about the future of the institution, and it's only right that we have a rigorous debate about these issues." Whatever the merits of the bishop's argument, it is clear that his comments have highlighted the tensions that exist in British society today. The funeral of Prince Philip is likely to be a highly charged event, with emotions running high on all sides. In the coming days and weeks, it will be important for the country to come together and focus on what unites us, rather than what divides us. At this sensitive time, the public will be looking to its leaders for guidance and wisdom. It's up to all of us to rise to the occasion and show that we can still work together, even in the most difficult of times.