article: Starring Judi Dench and Dustin Hoffman, Esio Trot wil be shown on New Year's Day at 6.30pm on BBC1 . Starring Dame Judi Dench and Dustin Hoffman, the BBC adaptation of Roald Dahl’s Esio Trot is set to be one of the festive TV highlights. And now the meeting that inspired the story of pensioners who find love through a tortoise is revealed for the first time. Dahl hit upon the idea when he visited the London flat of his eldest daughter Tessa in the 1970s, and watched as she chatted to neighbour Mrs Shrimpton and her pet tortoise. In a speech given to students at Wright State University in the United States, Dahl said: ‘I stood leaning over the balcony staring at Mrs Shrimpton’s tortoise in his box. And quite automatically my mind began to wiggle around with a story about this tortoise. The only point in telling you this is to try to illustrate how the mind of a writer of fantasy works. It is eager to embrace what is absurd.’ Esio Trot – ‘tortoise’ spelled backwards – is the story of Mr Hoppy (Hoffman), who is in love with his neighbour, Mrs Silver (Dame Judi). He realises he can win her heart if he helps her pet tortoise, Alfie, to grow bigger – only to fail and then replace it with a series of bigger tortoises. Rachel White, of the Roald Dahl Museum, said the speech – made in 1978, 12 years before Esio Trot was published – provided a unique insight into his work processes: ‘He’d have ideas but they’d sit in the back of his mind for years.’ The museum in Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire, will be displaying the speech from January 13 next year. For more details go to roalddahl.com/museum. The adaptation will be shown on BBC1 on New Year’s Day at 6.30pm. Roald Dahl said he hit upon the idea for the story when he visited the London flat of his eldest daughter Tessa in the 1970s, and watched as she chatted to neighbour Mrs Shrimpton and her pet tortoise . To see more of Roald Dahl’s archive, including those parts relating to Esio Trot, please visit www.roalddahl.com. Judi Dench’s costume along with props including the tortoise-catcher from the new BBC film together with original Esio Trot manuscripts will be on display at the Roald Dahl Museum and Story Centre in Great Missenden, Bucks from Tuesday, 13th January. The museum is also collecting 141 soft toy tortoises – the same number as in the book! – to raise money for its hospital storytelling programme. Call 01494 892 192 to book admission. www.roalddahl.com/museum.’
highlights: Dame Judi Dench and Dustin Hoffman to star in the Roald Dahl adaptation . Author inspired by his daughter chatting to a neighbour and her  tortoise . Esio Trot airs on New Year's Day and is set to be a festive TV highlight .
id: 68ce6762f8fd0698b2f6a963efd48f8069331c81
chatgpt: Dame Judi Dench and Dustin Hoffman are set to star in a magical adaptation of Roald Dahl’s Esio Trot. The screenplay, which was inspired by Dahl’s own experience with tortoises, was written by Richard Curtis, who was inspired to adapt the book after his daughter struck up a conversation with a neighbour and her pet reptile. The story follows Mr. Hoppy, a retired bachelor who harbours a secret love for Mrs. Silver, his downstairs neighbour. Mrs. Silver is a widow, and her most prized possession is her pet tortoise, Alfie. Mr. Hoppy learns that Mrs. Silver is distraught over the fact that Alfie hasn’t grown in years, despite her best efforts. In an attempt to win her heart, Mr. Hoppy devises a scheme to help Alfie grow and win Mrs. Silver’s love in the process. Dench and Hoffman, both accomplished actors with iconic careers, bring a wealth of talent to the roles of Mrs. Silver and Mr. Hoppy respectively. Dench, known for her powerful performances in films such as Philomena and Shakespeare in Love, is no stranger to Dahl adaptations, having portrayed the formidable Miss Havisham in David Lean’s 1998 adaptation of Great Expectations. Hoffman, who has appeared in classics such as Rain Man and The Graduate, lends his incredible range and skill to the role of Mr. Hoppy. The adaptation is set to air on New Year’s Day, and is expected to be a highlight of the festive TV schedule. The heartwarming story is perfect for viewers of all ages, and audiences can expect a charming and magical family-friendly tale. Esio Trot was first published in 1990 and has been enchanting readers ever since. The book has been adapted for stage, with productions in London’s West End and Sydney, Australia. The TV production is expected to live up to the excellent reputation of the book and stage adaptations, with the added star power of Dench and Hoffman. Roald Dahl is one of the most beloved children’s authors of all time, and his works have provided the inspiration for countless films and adaptations. From the beloved Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to the BFG, Dahl’s books have captured the imaginations of generations of readers. Esio Trot was one of Dahl’s most personal works, inspired by his own tortoise, which he named after the book’s title. The book was published posthumously, but Dahl’s legacy continues to inspire and captivate audiences. The upcoming TV adaptation is sure to be a festive treat for audiences, with its heartwarming and charming story brought to life by the incredible talent of Dench and Hoffman. Viewers can mark their calendars for New Year’s Day to join Mr. Hoppy and Mrs. Silver on their enchanting adventure.