article: (CNN) -- A California wildfire grew modestly to 769 acres and destroyed 22 structures, including the fire chief's home, in the pristine coastal mountain region known as Big Sur, authorities said Wednesday. The 879 personnel fighting the fire reported "good progress" in bringing the blaze under 20% control, up from 5% the day before, authorities said. The cause of the fire is under investigation. Fire Chief Martha Karstens of the Big Sur Volunteer Fire Brigade lost her home in the fire, which began Monday. "The irony doesn't escape me," she told CNN. "I try to set an example for fire clearance. And we do the best we can. But it's -- the situation was just -- it was too much, too hot, too fast, too soon. "If I had had other resources, perhaps my home would still be there," she added. The loss marked a turnabout in her job, in which she deals with fire damage to other people's homes. "Until it happens to you, you feel sorry for them. But literally, I went out to fight a fire. I had my purse. I had my cell phone and my glasses. And I didn't know I was going to be trying to save my own home," she said. Several neighborhoods were evacuated, and their roads remained closed Wednesday, but the scenic Pacific Coast Highway, or California Highway 1, was open, officials said. "Crews made good progress containing fire perimeter along the south end, ahead of an anticipated trough approaching the west coast," Los Padres National Forest officials said in a prepared statement. That weather trough was expected to bring strong winds late Wednesday. Almost all of California is in a severe or extreme drought, and the Big Sur area is listed as being in a severe drought, the National Drought Mitigation Center website says.
highlights: A wildfire in Big Sur is brought under 20% control, up from 5% the day before . Firefighters report "good progress" in their efforts to put out the 769-acre blaze . The fire chief's home is among the 22 structures destroyed .
id: fe9a53858737cf1c0541d4fb42af020b1114a93d
chatgpt: The wildfire that has been ravaging the Big Sur area in California has now been brought under 20% control. This is a significant improvement from the previous day when firefighters reported that they had only achieved 5% control. The blaze, which started on Tuesday, has already destroyed 22 structures, including the home of the fire chief. Despite the massive destruction, firefighters are optimistic that they are making good progress in containing the wildfire. They have been working tirelessly to put out the 769-acre blaze and are currently using air tankers and helicopters to drop fire retardant on the affected areas. The cause of the wildfire is still under investigation, but officials believe that the hot, dry weather and windy conditions in the region may have contributed to its rapid spread. The authorities have also issued evacuation orders for residents in the affected areas, and many have been forced to leave their homes and seek shelter elsewhere. The wildfire has been challenging to contain due to the rugged terrain and dense vegetation in the area. However, firefighters are determined to put it out and are using every available resource to achieve that goal. They have been working around the clock, and their efforts seem to be paying off. Residents have expressed their gratitude towards the firefighters, who have risked their lives to protect theirs. They have also been keeping their spirits up by providing meals and refreshments to the hardworking crew. The authorities are urging residents to stay alert and follow evacuation orders, as the situation is still evolving. The wildfire is a grim reminder of the dangers posed by the dry weather conditions in California, and everyone must take the necessary precautions to stay safe. With the progress that has been made, there is hope that the wildfire will soon be fully contained, and life can return to normal for the residents of Big Sur. Until then, firefighters will continue to work tirelessly to put out the blaze and protect the community.