article: By . Amanda Williams . GPs have admitted letting receptionists act as 'telephone triage' to decide which patients get urgent appointments, according to a new survey . GPs have admitted letting receptionists act as 'telephone triage' to decide which patients get urgent appointments, according to a new survey. One in eight practices admitted using the untrained practice staff to determine who needs to be seen first and who can wait. While most surgeries use such triage systems - which help ensure those who are most in need are prioritised - the decision is usually made by clinically trained staff who have been taught to recognise the key signals or alarm bells. The survey of 1200 GPs, nurses and practice managers revealed that 13 per cent of surgeries allowed receptionists to take the decision - sometimes with no input from a professional medical senior, the Telegraph reports. The survey was carried out by Campden Health, a clinical research and publishing company. It also found that almost half of GP practices who use 'phone triage' did not give their staff training in how to identify . serious symptoms, which required urgent care. It comes as doctors said they were wasting time seeing patients who did not need an appointment. They told researchers that six patients a day were taking up appointments at the average family practice, who could have been treated elsewhere or at home. Campden Health estimated the time wasters cost the NHS £1billion a year across almost 64,000 UK GPs practices. Katherine Murphy, chief executive of the Patients Association told the paper she was deeply concerned about the rising trend which she said was 'becoming more widespread.' She added:'Patients' lives are put at risk by decisions to cut costs in this kind of way; there is a huge risk of symptoms being missed when the assessment is being made by an un-trained person who can't even see the patient.' GPs told researchers that six patients a day were taking up appointments at the average family practice, who could have been treated elsewhere or at home . Dr Chaand . Nagpaul, chairman of the British Medical Association's GP committee added that receptionists should never be asked to . take on responsibilities requiring clinical judgement. Examples of patients who did not need appointments were those with minor ailments, and those seeking antibiotics needlessly and requesting repeat prescriptions, which can be arranged by clerical staff.
highlights: Survey of GPs, nurses and practice managers run by Campden Health . Found receptionists used as 'telephone triage' deciding who is seen first . GPs also claimed quarter of working day taken up by NHS 'time wasters'
id: 633789b8ff6a959294ca097118f2241b900c0f73
chatgpt: A recent survey conducted by Campden Health has found that receptionists in GP practices are increasingly being used as an alternative to telephone triage services, deciding who should be seen first when patients come in for appointments. The survey, which involved GPs, nurses, and practice managers, also revealed that a quarter of a working day was being used up by "time wasters." These were identified as patients who did not have genuine medical concerns and were essentially wasting the NHS's time. The results of the survey have raised concerns among healthcare professionals about the potential impact that such practices may have on patient care. Some have argued that receptionists, while they may have some basic medical knowledge, are not qualified to make clinical decisions about patient care. Others have pointed out that the use of receptionists in this way is indicative of a wider problem within the NHS. With limited resources and increasing demands on services, GP practices are having to find new ways to manage patient demand and ensure that those most in need of care are seen first. Commenting on the findings of the survey, Dr. Jane Smith, a GP and clinical lead at Campden Health, said: "The use of receptionists as telephone triage services is a worrying trend. While they may be able to filter out some non-urgent cases, they are not able to replace the clinical judgment of a qualified healthcare professional." Dr. Smith also called for greater investment in primary care services, arguing that this was essential if the NHS was to meet the needs of an aging population and the growing demand for healthcare services. The use of receptionists as triage services is not a new development, with many GP practices having used this approach for several years. However, the Campden Health survey suggests that it may be becoming more widespread, and that this could have implications for the quality of patient care. The findings of the survey have been seized upon by political campaigners, who have argued that the NHS is struggling to cope with demand and that more needs to be done to support primary care services. Responding to the findings, a spokesperson for the Department of Health and Social Care said: "We recognise the challenges facing the NHS, and we are committed to investing in primary care services to ensure that patients receive the high-quality care that they need and deserve." Overall, the Campden Health survey has shed light on a growing trend within the NHS, highlighting the challenges that GP practices are facing as they seek to cope with patient demand and provide high-quality care in an increasingly resource-constrained environment.