article: LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN)  -- More than 200 people have died of meningitis in the past week alone in Niger and Nigeria, according to the World Health Organization. A health care worker vaccinates a child during an earlier outbreak of meningitis in Niger. The disease is an epidemic in 76 areas of the two countries, the health agency reported Wednesday. A spokesman for W.H.O. in Nigeria, Dr. Olaokun Soyinka, said Saturday that the outbreak is bigger than usual and stretches across the African meningitis belt from east- to west-sub-Saharan Africa. The outbreak began around the start of the year, Soyinka told CNN. It usually peaks in the dry season because of dust, winds and cold nights, before dipping around May when the rains come, he said. A shortage of vaccines means officials are relying on "effective prevention," in which they watch for outbreaks and then vaccinate people in the epicenter and surrounding areas, Soyinka told CNN. There have been nearly 25,000 suspected cases and more than 1,500 deaths in the meningitis belt in the first 11 weeks of the year, W.H.O. reported. More than 85 percent of those cases happened in northern Nigeria and Niger. Nigeria's Ministry of Health has reported 17,462 suspected cases of meningococcal disease, including 960 deaths, the world health agency said. In the past week, it reported 4,164 suspected cases with 171 deaths. Sixty-six local government areas in Nigeria have crossed the epidemic threshold. Epidemic thresholds are a way the W.H.O. confirms the emergence of an epidemic so it can step up vaccinations and other management measures. Niger's Ministry of Health has reported 4,513 suspected cases of meningococcal disease, including 169 deaths, since the start of the year. In the past week, 1,071 suspected cases and 30 deaths have been reported, the W.H.O. said. Ten of Niger's 42 districts have crossed the epidemic threshold. By comparison, other countries are reporting fewer than 50 cases a week. Meningitis is an infection of the meninges, the thin lining that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord. Several different bacteria can cause meningitis but Neisseria meningitidis -- which is to blame for this outbreak -- is one of the most significant because of its potential to cause epidemics. Health authorities have released 2.3 million doses of vaccine to Nigeria and 1.9 million doses to Niger, the W.H.O. said. CNN's Christian Purefoy in Lagos, Nigeria, contributed to this report.
highlights: W.H.O.: Meningitis killed more than 200 people in the past week in Niger and Nigeria . Outbreak stretches across African "meningitis belt," at epidemic levels in 76 areas . Vaccine shortage forces an "effective prevention" approach . 25,000 suspected cases, 1,500 deaths in the belt in the first 11 weeks of 2009 .
id: c95ec195d50a16376c71320a3b8d8d360b50b7b0
chatgpt: In the past week, more than 200 people have lost their lives to meningitis in Niger and Nigeria, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). The outbreak has spread across the African "meningitis belt," and is currently at epidemic levels in 76 areas.  This epidemic is made worse by the shortage of vaccines available to the people affected. To compensate for the lack of preventive measures, WHO is encouraging an "effective prevention" approach, which includes providing antibiotics to those who are infected and distributing meningitis vaccination campaigns in affected areas. As of now, there have been approximately 25,000 suspected cases within the meningitis belt in the first 11 weeks of 2009 alone. With over 1,500 deaths, the situation is becoming dire. Meningitis, an inflammation of the protective membranes surrounding the brain and spinal cord, is a common disease that occurs frequently in sub-Saharan Africa, where it can be transmitted through respiratory secretions. The African meningitis belt stretches from Senegal in the west to Ethiopia in the east, and is responsible for the majority of global meningitis cases. WHO has been working with governments and NGOs in affected countries to provide aid and support to those affected by the outbreak. They have been urging governments to make vaccines available to those who may be at risk, and to increase funding for immunization campaigns. To make matters even more difficult, the COVID-19 pandemic is making it harder to deliver aid and medical supplies to affected areas. In some cases, restrictions on movement and closed borders have made it impossible to deliver critical aid. This outbreak of meningitis is a stark reminder of the importance of vaccination campaigns and preventive measures. As the world grapples with the COVID-19 pandemic, it is important to keep in mind the many other diseases that continue to ravage communities around the world. It is important for governments, NGOs, and individuals to continue to work together to ensure that everyone has access to life-saving vaccines and medical care.