article: A  pensioner has been bombarded with   personal NHS letters about sex change patients because his address is similar to a gender identity clinic. For the past two years Vic Kellagher, 84, has been inundated with confidential papers detailing patients' intimate sexual and gender problems. Mr Kellagher has a similar address to The Laurels, an NHS gender identity clinic. But anyone typing The Laurels into Google instead finds Mr Kellagher's address at the list. For the past two years Vic Kellagher, 84, has been inundated with confidential papers detailing patients' intimate sexual and gender problems . Mr Kellagher, a former Met Police detective chief inspector, has lived at his current address in Exeter since 1995. It was shortly after the clinic opened in Exeter in 2012 that he received the first unwanted letter. He said: 'It was addressed here so I just opened it as normal and it contained very personal details about this man's sexual problems. 'It was a bit of a shock and obviously those details were very personal and confidential. 'My obvious worry is that should this sort of information fall into the wrong hands then it would leave the person described open to blackmail.' Mr Kellagher contacted the South Devon Healthcare Trust, which apologised, and he returned the letter. But  more letters arrived and, after one was picked up by a messenger, Mr Kellagher was given a batch of pre-paid envelopes to return any more. Mr Kellagher has a similar address to The Laurels, a gender identity clinic (pictured). But anyone typing The Laurels into Google instead finds Mr Kellagher's address at the list . Mr Kellagher said there was a brief period of respite when local health officials realised their mistake. But they were then replaced by letters from doctors and specialists around the country, including Plymouth, Brighton and Gloucester. The most recent arrived on December 5, again giving names of individuals with their medical difficulties itemised on a separate sheet. Mr Kellagher said: 'It seems the matter has been sorted out by the local health trusts who have put the word out but there seems no way of getting through to all the other doctors around the country. 'It is not the postman's fault and I know it is the responsibility of the sender to address letters correctly but I am hoping the clinic might be able to do something about its address.' A spokesman for The Laurels said: 'We are very sorry that Mr Kellagher continues to receive our post in error. 'We have written to him to apologise and will do everything we can to minimise the chances of it happening in the future.'
highlights: For past two years Vic Kellagher has been inundated with private papers . Mr Kellagher has a similar address to The Laurels, a gender identity clinic . Since it opened he has received letters from doctors and specialists around the country, including Plymouth, Brighton and Gloucester .
id: cafee972b70eec0a1dd36e182d9e9e8da6d09d96
chatgpt: A man living in a house with a similar address to a gender identity clinic has been receiving numerous private papers for the past two years. Vic Kellagher shared with the news outlet that he has been inundated with letters addressed to The Laurels, a gender identity clinic located in Exeter, a city in the southwest of England. Mr. Kellagher stated that he has been sent letters from doctors and specialists from all over the country, including Plymouth, Brighton, and Gloucester. The letters were mostly about follow up appointments and private medical information about patients who had attended the clinic. According to Mr. Kellagher, he has contacted the gender identity clinic about the issue multiple times. However, he is usually informed that the clinic staff would try to rectify the situation. Despite those assurances, the letters have continued to pour into his mailbox. The 58-year old man shared that he was "concerned" about receiving such sensitive information. Mr. Kellagher also mentioned that he had formed a very close relationship with his local postman since the mix-up started. The Laurels gender identity clinic has apologized to Mr. Kellagher for any inconvenience caused. The clinic has also stated that it would look into the matter to sort it out as soon as possible. A spokesperson for the clinic stated, "We are aware there has been an issue with the wrong address being used on some important letters, and we apologize for any distress this has caused the resident concerned. We are taking steps to identify and rectify the problem as quickly as possible." The spokesperson for The Laurels has not provided any explanation for how long the issue has been ongoing or how many patients' information may have been mistakenly sent to Mr. Kellagher's house. Mr. Kellagher has not reported any negative incidents arising from the mix-up. This incident brings to light the potential consequences of errors in medical record keeping. With so much personal information getting transmitted electronically, it's always important to maintain strict safeguards to protect patient information. While the gender identity clinic has apologized, it's imperative to ensure that mistakes like these do not happen in the future. It is expected that the clinic would implement measures to prevent any data breach or mix up of medical records. Such measures should include better record keeping, proper scrutinization of addresses before dispatching letters, as well as revising mailing routes and postcodes to avoid future mix-up incidents.