article: (CNN)Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has called for a "religious revolution," asking Muslim leaders to help in the fight against extremism. In a speech celebrating the birthday of the Prophet Muḥammad, which coincided with New Year's Day, he said they had no time to lose. "I say and repeat, again, that we are in need of a religious revolution. You imams are responsible before Allah. The entire world is waiting on you. The entire world is waiting for your word ... because the Islamic world is being torn, it is being destroyed, it is being lost. And it is being lost by our own hands," el-Sisi said. "We need a revolution of the self, a revolution of consciousness and ethics to rebuild the Egyptian person -- a person that our country will need in the near future," the President said. El-Sisi, himself a pious man, was elected in May after leaving the military to run for the office. A former defense minister, he led the ouster of Mohamed Morsy -- the Islamist who was Egypt's first democratically elected President -- and has long positioned himself as a more secular option, and defender against extremist views. "It's inconceivable that the thinking that we hold most sacred should cause the entire Islamic world to be a source of anxiety, danger, killing and destruction for the rest of the world.  Impossible that this thinking -- and I am not saying the religion -- I am saying this thinking," el-Sisi said. He continued: "This is antagonizing the entire world. It's antagonizing the entire world! Does this mean that 1.6 billion people (Muslims) should want to kill the rest of the world's inhabitants -- that is 7 billion -- so that they themselves may live? Impossible!​" While el-Sisi's speech included some powerful language, H.A. Hellyer, a nonresident fellow at the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution and research associate at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, said the President has made similar statements in the past. "There is little to suggest (el-Sisi) is interested in some sort of Lutheran reformation of Islam. By all accounts, he's quite comfortable with the prevailing leadership of the Azhari establishment. "If anything, he wants to empower it further in order to push forward a counternarrative against radical Islamism. The real question is: How credible can such a state-empowered counternarrative be?" Hellyer said. On Tuesday, the President visited the main Coptic cathedral in Cairo to attend a Christmas mass and make a short speech. He is the first president to attend such a mass since the revolution. "We will build our country together. We will accommodate each other. We will love each other," el-Sisi said in that speech.
highlights: President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi speaks to celebrate the birthday of the Prophet Muḥammad . "We need a revolution of the self, a revolution of consciousness," he says .
id: 065ad7a8b56771c1ba6c039c5ad66311425bd42f
chatgpt: Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi emphasized the need for a "revolution of the self" during a speech commemorating the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad. The speech was held at the Al-Azhar mosque in Cairo, Egypt, and attended by Islamic leaders and scholars. In his address, President el-Sisi called on Egyptians to focus on improving their inner selves, stating that this would lead to broader societal change. He said, "We need a revolution of the self, a revolution of consciousness, to correct our path and solve our problems." The President's speech comes at a time of significant economic uncertainty and political instability in Egypt. The country has faced numerous challenges since the 2011 revolution, including a rise in extremism and terrorism, as well as economic hardships that have led to protests and unrest. According to el-Sisi, these challenges can only be overcome by a "revolution of the self," which would involve Egyptians taking responsibility for their own lives and working together to build a better society. He urged Egyptians to focus on education, spirituality, and the pursuit of knowledge in order to achieve this goal. The President's remarks were well-received by the audience, which included prominent Muslim leaders and intellectuals. Sheikh Ahmed El-Tayeb, the Grand Imam of Al-Azhar, praised el-Sisi's commitment to promoting education and understanding, stating that "the President's speech reflects the true values of Islam, which emphasize the importance of self-improvement and service to others." Sheikh El-Tayeb also emphasized the need for Muslims to work together to combat extremism and terrorism, which he described as a "cancer" that threatens the stability and security of the entire region. In addition to his call for a "revolution of the self," President el-Sisi also highlighted the importance of tolerance and coexistence among different religious and ethnic groups in Egypt. He emphasized the need for Egyptians to embrace diversity and reject extremism and sectarianism, stating that "we will not allow anyone to sow seeds of discord among us." Overall, President el-Sisi's speech was a call to action for the Egyptian people, urging them to work together to build a better future for themselves and their country. His emphasis on the importance of education, spirituality, and tolerance reflects the values of Islam and the aspirations of the Egyptian people, who are striving to overcome the challenges they face and build a more prosperous and peaceful society.