article: By . E. Epstein . PUBLISHED: . 10:32 EST, 1 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:32 EST, 1 July 2012 . Five years ago, Tony Bilau, 30, was too fat to skydive. Determined to leap from a plane at all costs, he got a personal trainer, changed his diet and dropped 50lbs to go from french fries to flight. Now a champion diver, the Nebraska resident's signature move is an homage to his former self -  putting his hands behind his head and extending his legs out in a reclining position, he pretends to be laid out on a couch - at 10,000 feet in the air. Scroll down for video . Moves: Tony Bilau's signature move is an homage to his former self: putting his hands behind his head and extending his legs out in a reclining position, he pretends he's laid out on a couch . Before: The weight limit on most skydiving equipment is 230lbs, meaning that at 260lbs, Mr Bilau had to make a considerable change . Mr Bilau told the Journal Star that before free-falling from planes, his preferred sport of choice was virtual: video games. 'Skydiving just got me out there,' Mr Bilau said. 'I never really left the house. This got me out there and living life, finally.' The weight limit on most skydiving equipment is 230lbs, meaning that at 260lbs, Mr Bilau had to make a considerable change. With a bit of professional help and a whole lot of will power, Mr Bilau dropped the weight and then some. No Simulation: Before free-falling from planes, his preferred sport of choice was virtual: video games . Champ: For his first dive, he even chose not to go tandem with an instructor, insisting that he would go it alone . For his first dive, he even chose not to go tandem with an instructor, insisting that he would go it alone. 'When that door opened the first time, so much goes through your mind, like, "What I’m I doing?"' Mr Bilau said. 'But I crawled out and did my jump and made it down fine. It was just instant addiction.' Will Power: Determined to leap from an airplane at all costs, he got a personal trainer, changed his diet, and dropped 50lbs to go from french fries to flight . Mr Bilau committed himself to the sport, going on to win medals in numerous competitions. At just 190lbs, he now dives at least once a weekend. This month he'll be competing in Nebraska's Cornhusker State Games, an amateur sports festival in late July. He's . also been chosen to participate in the Torch Run, a 1,100 mile race . that began June 6 and ends with the Games. Mr Bilau dedicated his lap to . a friend with cancer. Commitment: Mr Bilau committed himself to the sport, going on to win medals in numerous competitions .
highlights: Tony Bilau, 30, from Nebraska was too fat to skydive . Gave up potato chips and hired a personal trainer .
id: 9cfb15795a2ae6f8efde4ddecaea3811e8eb0485
chatgpt: After years of struggling with his weight, Tony Bilau from Nebraska made the life-changing decision to get in shape and pursue his dream of skydiving. At 30 years old, Bilau weighed nearly 300 pounds and was told by his doctor that he was too heavy to safely engage in the extreme sport. Determined to change his lifestyle, Bilau gave up his favorite indulgence, potato chips, and began working with a personal trainer to shed the excess weight. "I always admired the thrill-seekers who jumped out of planes," Bilau explained. "But I never thought it would be possible for me because of my weight." Despite his initial reservations, Bilau decided to take action and commit to a healthier lifestyle. "I knew it wouldn't be easy, but I wanted to prove to myself that anything is possible if you work hard enough for it." Over the course of several months, Bilau diligently tracked his diet and participated in intense workout sessions with his personal trainer. He found motivation in small victories along the way, such as fitting into smaller clothes and seeing the number on the scale decrease. "It wasn't just about losing weight, it was about changing my mindset and making healthier choices," Bilau said. "I started to enjoy exercise and healthy foods, and it made me feel so much better about myself." Bilau's hard work paid off, both in terms of his health and his dream of skydiving. After shedding over 100 pounds, he was finally able to meet the weight requirement for skydiving and booked his first jump. "It was the most incredible experience of my life," Bilau recalled. "I felt so free and alive." Since then, he has gone on to complete multiple skydives and has even considered pursuing certifications to become a skydiving instructor. Bilau hopes his story will inspire others who may be struggling with their weight or pursuing their own personal goals. "It's never too late to make a change and go after what you want in life," he said. "Just take that first step and keep pushing yourself, no matter how hard it may seem." His personal trainer, Sarah Wilson, remarked on Bilau's dedication and transformation. "Tony is a true example of someone who took control of their health and didn't let obstacles hold them back," she said. "He worked incredibly hard and never gave up, and now he's achieved something he once thought was impossible." Bilau's journey serves as a reminder that with hard work, determination, and a willingness to make a change, anything is possible.