article: By . Rosie Taylor . Last updated at 1:53 AM on 13th February 2012 . Wind turbines are a ‘public menace’, the chairman of the National Trust chairman has said. Sir Simon Jenkins dismissed wind as the ‘least efficient’ renewable power. The honest admission is surprising coming from the the head of the charity, as it champions green energy as part of its conservation work. ‘We are doing masses of renewables but wind is probably the least efficient and wrecks the countryside,’ he said. The National Trust is concerned about the impact of 220m (721ft) turbines on the environment and on views of the Bristol Channel . ‘Broadly speaking, the National Trust is deeply sceptical of this form of renewable energy.’ While the National Trust officially continues to support ‘a major increase in the UK’s renewable energy generation’, it is fighting several plans for wind farms, including one to erect a massive 417 wind turbines in the Bristol Channel. The trust is concerned about the impact of the 220m (721ft) turbines on the environment and on views of the coastline. Ed Davey boasted that Britain had 'a lot to be proud of' after the world's biggest offshore farm opened . It is also disputing the Duke of Gloucester’s plans to build four 415ft turbines on his Barnwell Manor Estate in Northamptonshire. The trust remains committed to its target to cut energy use by 50 per cent by 2020, but Sir Simon told the Daily Telegraph this would largely be achieved through water power and biomass boilers, making the most of the acres of rivers and woodlands under its ownership. The revelation could be a major a blow to the Coalition government, which has recently come to blows with the Trust over plans to reform planning law. Last week Ed Davey, who replaced Chris Huhne as Energy and Climate Change secretary, boasted that Britain had ‘a lot to be proud of’ after the world’s biggest offshore farm – consisting of 102 turbines - opened off the Cumbrian coast. Up to 32,000 wind turbines could be built in England and Wales over the next 40 years to meet government targets. But last month it emerged that wind farms in Scotland were paid nearly £300,000 in the first five days of this year to close down because it was too windy. Four turbine operators shared the controversial ‘constraint payments’ because they produced more energy than the National Grid could handle. Last year 17 wind farm operators were paid £7m to shut down on 40 occasions between January and September.
highlights: Trust says it will cuts its energy use with water power and biomass boilers .
id: f6011690537aa7af6f96070a3b975784f8e322da
chatgpt: Trust, the energy company, has announced plans to cut its carbon footprint by utilizing water power and biomass boilers. The move comes as the world faces a pressing need to tackle climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The company's decision to shift towards alternative energy sources is expected to reduce its energy use and help it move towards a more sustainable future. Trust's new strategy involves utilizing water power to generate electricity. This method involves using the force of water to turn turbines and generate power. Unlike fossil fuels, water power is a renewable source of energy that does not generate carbon emissions or other harmful pollutants. Trust hopes to generate a significant portion of its electricity needs through water power, thereby reducing its reliance on other, less sustainable sources. In addition to using water power, Trust will also employ biomass boilers to generate heat. Biomass refers to organic matter, such as wood pellets or agricultural waste, that can be burned to produce heat or electricity. While burning biomass does release some carbon dioxide, it is considered a much cleaner source of energy than fossil fuels, as the carbon released by burning biomass is reabsorbed by new plant growth. Trust's switch to water power and biomass boilers is expected to cut its energy use by a significant amount. The company estimates that it will be able to reduce its carbon footprint by more than 50% over the next decade. The move is also expected to save Trust money in the long run, as the company will be less reliant on volatile fossil fuel markets. The announcement by Trust has been welcomed by environmental groups, who have long been advocating for a shift towards sustainable energy sources. Many experts believe that the world is facing a climate crisis, and that urgent action is needed to mitigate the effects of climate change. Switching to water power and biomass boilers is just one of the ways in which companies can help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and move towards a more sustainable future. Trust's move towards alternative energy sources is also likely to have a ripple effect throughout the industry. As more companies adopt sustainable practices, the demand for fossil fuels is likely to decrease, thereby reducing greenhouse gas emissions on a larger scale. The move towards sustainable energy is also likely to create new jobs and stimulate economic growth in the long run. Despite the benefits of switching to water power and biomass boilers, there are also some challenges that companies like Trust will need to address. For example, generating energy from water power requires access to a suitable water source, which may not be available in all locations. Similarly, biomass boilers require a steady supply of biomass fuel, which may be difficult to source in some areas. Overall, Trust's decision to shift towards more sustainable energy sources is a step in the right direction. By reducing its carbon footprint and cutting its energy use, the company is setting an example for others to follow. With the threat of climate change looming large, it is more important than ever for companies to take action to reduce their environmental impact and invest in a more sustainable future.