article: Boston will bid to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games, the United States Olympic Committee has announced. The Massachusetts city beat off competition from Los Angeles, San Francisco and Washington D.C. to be the United States' candidate and joins Rome and an as yet undecided German city in the race to host the 2024 Games. The International Olympic Committee's deadline for bid submissions is September 15 and the host city will be chosen in 2017. Boston has been chosen to represent the United States in their bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games - football matches were played at the Harvard Stadium, pictured, during the 1984 Olympic Games . America last hosted the Olympic Games in 1996 when the prestigious competition was held in Atlanta . 'We're excited about our plans to submit a bid for the 2024 Games and feel we have an incredibly strong partner in Boston that will work with us to present a compelling bid,' USOC chairman Larry Probst said in a statement on www.teamusa.org. 'We're grateful to the leaders in each of the four cities for their partnership and interest in hosting the most exciting sports competition on earth. 'The deliberative and collaborative process that we put in place for selecting a city has resulted in a strong U.S. bid that can truly serve the athletes and the Olympic and Paralympic movements.' The United States last hosted the summer Games in Atlanta in 1996 and New York and Chicago had failed bids to host the 2012 and 2016 Games respectively. Boston will have to beat off competition from the likes of Italy, Germany and France . 'It is an exceptional honour for Boston to be chosen as the U.S. representative in the running for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games,' said Boston Mayor Marty Walsh. 'This selection is in recognition of our city's talent, diversity and global leadership. 'Our goal is to host Olympic and Paralympic Games that are innovative, walkable and hospitable to all. Boston hopes to welcome the world's greatest athletes to one of the world's great cities.' The next summer Games will be held in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 with Tokyo hosting in 2020.
highlights: Boston are in running to host their first ever Olympic Games . The United States have not hosted a Summer Games since 1996 . Italy, Germany and France are also keen on hosting 2024 Games .
id: 9eb811c8f2135ba92f116c948c7900b70da3b02e
chatgpt: After years of anticipation and preparation, Boston is finally in the running to host its first ever Olympic Games. If successful, the city would become the center of the sports world for several weeks in the summer of 2024. The announcement comes as part of the International Olympic Committee's bidding process, which has attracted interest from multiple countries across the globe. Among the contenders are Italy, Germany, and France, all of whom have expressed a strong interest in hosting the 2024 Games. Despite such stiff competition, however, Boston is considered to be a leading contender due to the robust infrastructure and facilities it already has in place. Moreover, the United States has not hosted a Summer Games since the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, leaving many experts to believe that the time has come for the country to once again take on this prestigious event. However, despite the excitement generated by Boston's bid, there are some concerns about the potential cost involved. Hosting the Olympic Games is a massive undertaking that requires significant investment in infrastructure, transportation, and security, among other things. Some are worried that the cost of such an enormous project could prove too much for the city to bear. Moreover, recent controversies surrounding previous Olympic Games, including the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro, have raised questions about the viability of hosting such an event in today's world. Critics argue that the Games have become bloated and expensive, and that they often lack the transparency and accountability necessary to ensure their success. Nonetheless, supporters of Boston's bid remain convinced that the city has what it takes to successfully host the Games. They point to the success of the city's other major sports teams, including the Red Sox, Celtics, and Bruins, as evidence of Boston's capacity to handle such an event. Regardless of the outcome of the bidding process, it is clear that the eyes of the world will be on Boston in the coming months as the city's Olympic aspirations come into focus. From the excitement of the opening ceremonies to the drama of the medal competitions, the Games have the potential to be a transformative experience for both the city and the country as a whole.