article: (CNN) -- An Air Force fighter pilot died Wednesday after two F-15C jets collided during a training exercise over the Gulf of Mexico, according to Air Force officials. Two F-15C fighter jets, like the one pictured, collided over the Gulf of Mexico, the Air Force says. The planes were from the 33rd Fighter Wing, a combat-flying unit out of Eglin Air Force Base, near Pensacola, Florida. A spokesman for the wing said the pilot died after having been rescued by a fishing boat and transported to the hospital at the base. The pilot of the other jet was also rescued and was listed in good condition, he said. The crash happened at about 3 p.m. ET, about 50 miles south of Tyndall Air Force Base which is in Panama City, Florida. A statement from the 33rd said the pilots were rescued at about 6 p.m. ET. "The 33rd FW Nomads and Team Eglin have suffered a great loss today and my heart goes out to the family and friends of our former airman," said wing commander Col. Todd Harmer in a written statement. "We will continue to do everything we can to assist our families and airmen at this tragic time." Capt. Jim McPherson of the Coast Guard told CNN the crew of a Coast Guard aircraft on a training mission spotted a parachute dropping into the Gulf Wednesday afternoon. The crew used radar and an automated identification system to detect a fishing boat in the area and directed that boat to the area where the parachute landed. The Air Force was not identifying the pilots late Wednesday pending notification of their families. Harmer said both were "assigned to the wing for quite some time." He said the Air Force will convene a board of officers to investigate the crash and determine its cause. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: One pilot died after being rescued by a fishing boat in Gulf, official says . F-15Cs collided during training exercise, Air Force says . Planes were part of the 33rd Fighter Wing based at Eglin Air Force Base . Crash happened at 3 p.m. ET, about 50 miles south of Panama City, Florida .
id: a38d27a3a21eb6749ee5187c44e72ceeec832161
chatgpt: A training exercise went wrong on Wednesday when two F-15C aircrafts collided in mid-air. The accident occurred during a training operation near the Gulf of Mexico, and resulted in one pilot losing his life. The Eglin Air Force Base, which is based in western Florida, was the location of the training maneuver. Members of the 33rd Fighter Wing were taking part in the operation when the incident occurred. The clash happened at around 3 p.m. ET, about 50 miles away from Panama City, Florida. Taking immediate action, a rescue team was dispatched to the crash site. A fisherman who was close by the area had seen what happened and called for help. Local officials confirmed that the fisherman had rescued one pilot from the water, who later died. The other pilot was able to eject from the plane and was picked up by a helicopter. He was taken to the nearby medical center and is reported to be in stable condition. The Air Force has not released the names of the pilots or the squadrons they belonged to. It has, however, said that an investigation is underway, and the incident will be reviewed thoroughly. This is the second air crash in the past week that has resulted in the loss of a pilot's life. Both incidents occurred during training exercises. The previous crash happened on May 17, when an F-16 crashed in South Carolina killing the pilot. The Air Force regularly conducts training exercises, which are essential to prepare pilots for real-world scenarios. While the operations are high-risk, pilots are trained to handle even the most complex situations.  The tragic event has left the military world reeling, as the Air Force grapples with the loss of one of its own. Officials have extended condolences to the family and loved ones of the deceased pilot, as well as to his fellow servicemen and women who are also grieving the loss. Investigations continue as officials work to find out what caused the unfortunate collision.