article: Belfast, Northern Ireland (CNN) -- The Union flag was raised over Belfast City Hall on Wednesday morning for the first time since a vote last month to stop flying it year-round prompted violent protests in Northern Ireland. The flag was flying because of the birthday of Prince William's wife, Catherine -- one of the designated days when the flag will still be flown. It was taken down again as planned Wednesday evening, a night after pro-flag protesters in East Belfast threw fireworks and petrol bombs at police. Watch: Northern Ireland protests explained . However, the disorder was sporadic and on a smaller scale than on previous nights. Sixty-six officers have been injured and more than 100 people arrested since the protests started five weeks ago, the Police Service of Northern Ireland said Wednesday. The leaders of the two main unionist political parties said on Tuesday they would hold a "Unionist Forum" on Thursday at Stormont to address underlying grievances peacefully. The forum seeks "to engage with the entire unionist community and to address issues of concern. It will seek to channel unionist efforts through political means," said First Minister Peter Robinson, of the Democratic Unionist Party, and Mike Nesbitt, of the Ulster Unionist Party. It was not clear whether representatives for the protesters would attend. Authorities have accused loyalist extremists of exploiting the December 3 decision by Belfast officials to end the century-old tradition of flying the Union Jack over City Hall year-round. A number of demonstrations are planned across Northern Ireland on Friday. Read more: Political forum aims to stem N.Ireland violence . The British flag has long been a flashpoint between British loyalists and Irish nationalists, who want Northern Ireland to join the Irish republic. The Belfast City Council vote followed a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland's Catholic and Protestant communities. Riots in September left dozens of police injured. The majority of Ireland gained independence in 1921 following two years of conflict. But six of the nine counties of the province of Ulster chose to stay in the United Kingdom, eventually becoming Northern Ireland. In the late 1960s, the conflict between mainly Protestant loyalists, who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom, and largely Roman Catholic nationalists, who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland, exploded into a political and sectarian war, known as "the Troubles." The three decades of ensuing violence between loyalists and the IRA claimed more than 3,000 lives, most of them north of the border. While the Good Friday Agreement of 1998, also known as the Belfast Agreement, effectively ended the conflict, distrust remains between Catholics and Protestants. Under the terms of the accord, groups on both sides dumped their weapons, and members of Sinn Fein, the political affiliate of the IRA, now work with pro-British politicians in Northern Ireland's power-sharing government.
highlights: Police say 66 officers injured, 100 arrests made since protests started five weeks ago . The Union flag flew over Belfast City Hall for the first time since a controversial vote . It was raised to mark the birthday of the Duchess of Cambridge . Violent protests roil East Belfast for a sixth night, but are smaller than on previous nights .
id: c56be017780f975be341f03f370d36c769269f6f
chatgpt: Protests in Belfast have persisted for five weeks, resulting in 66 injured officers and 100 arrests according to the police. The latest uproar was triggered by the raising of the Union flag over Belfast City Hall on the occasion of the Duchess of Cambridge's birthday. The move was particularly controversial since the flag was taken down from the same location a month ago. The incident sparked outrage among loyalists who see the flag as an emblem of British identity and view its removal as a threat. On the sixth night of demonstrations, violent protests continued to shake the city, but were reportedly smaller than in previous days. Rioters threw petrol bombs and rocks at police officers, who responded with water cannon and plastic bullets. The sectarian clashes have been concentrated in east Belfast, with the police warning of increased tension in the coming days. The Union flag has been a divisive symbol in Northern Ireland, used by unionists to assert their allegiance to the United Kingdom while also causing resentment among nationalists who regard it as a symbol of colonialism. In December, Belfast City Council decided to fly the flag on designated days only, rather than every day, which triggered a wave of protests across the city. The demonstrations have been characterized by sporadic violence, including attacks on police stations and cars, petrol bomb attacks, and clashes with security forces. The Northern Irish authorities have been struggling to defuse the tensions, with both sides refusing to back down. Unionists have accused the council of ignoring their demands, while nationalists argue that the flag should not be flown over public buildings at all. The situation risks undermining the peace process in the region, which remains fragile 15 years after the signing of the Good Friday Agreement that ended decades of sectarian violence. Political leaders have called for calm and dialogue in order to resolve the crisis. The First Minister of Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, has condemned the violence and called for an end to the protests. He acknowledged that the raising of the flag was a sensitive issue for many, but called for respect for the democratic decision taken by Belfast City Council. Meanwhile, Sinn Féin, the largest nationalist party, has urged the British government to intervene and help mediate a solution to the crisis. In conclusion, the unrest in Belfast shows no signs of abating, despite repeated calls for peace and calm from political leaders. The decision to raise the Union flag over Belfast City Hall has reignited an already volatile situation, and risks further destabilizing the region. Unless a compromise can be reached between unionists and nationalists, violence could escalate further, threatening the fragile peace that has been built over the past 15 years.