article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:05 EST, 14 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:38 EST, 14 September 2012 . An elderly couple concerned about speeding in the quiet village where they live fell foul of authorities after erecting a fake road sign saying 'Slow - Heaven is full!' The sign on Wotton Lane, Lympstone, east Devon, was put up by George and Mary Truell on the road which is used as a rat run between nearby Exmouth and the main road to Exeter. Highways bosses, who say the sign is illegal and the lane’s speed limit is 60mph, have written to the Truells ordering the sign be taken down. End of the road? George and Mary Truell from Lympstone, Devon, are pictured alongside their sign warning motorists to 'Slow - Heaven is full!' Sign of the times: The elderly couple erected the sign after they found a rise in speeding traffic made it difficult to cross the road . But the Truells said they were refusing to remove it because it was on their land and they wanted to prevent accidents. The sign, paid for by the Truells’ son, was put up after they said they had had difficulty crossing the road because of speeding traffic. Mrs Truell, 84, said: 'People just drive too fast. 'We know we live on a lane and we accept the idea it has a lot of traffic on it. 'But speed is completely unnecessary and there could be bad accidents.' Her husband, 86, who served as a soldier for 40 years, added that the sign was on his land and it was staying for the moment. Deterrent: Mr and Mrs Truelll hope the new sign will persuade motorists to kill their speed . Controversial: The Highways Agency has written to Mr and Mrs Truell demanding they remove the road sign . He said: 'Lympstone has been trying to get a lower speed limit in place for years. 'There are many pedestrians, cyclists, horse riders, livestock and even the Royal Marines that use that lane regularly. 'We have a garden on the other side of the road and have to cross it almost daily and it can be dangerous because of the speeding cars. 'We’re trying to highlight that with the sign.' A Devon County Council spokesperson said they had 'received various complaints regarding this signage'. 'Our plans indicate that it is on public highway, and therefore we have asked for it to be removed. 'However, as we have received correspondence that it is on private land, we are currently trying to establish [land] ownership.'
highlights: Pensioners embroiled in planning row with Highways Agency . George and Mary Truell found it difficult to cross their road . They have been ordered to remove 'illegal' sign on 60mph lane . Couple insist the sign is on their land and say: 'People just drive too fast'
id: 2b5deac99c3e8d33e676ea1645e642dbb4e5327a
chatgpt: A couple from Barton-under-Needwood, George and Mary Truell, are embroiled in a frustrating planning row with the Highways Agency over an 'illegal' sign they erected outside their home. The sign, which warns drivers to slow down as pensioners cross the road, is located on the 60mph lane - and has been deemed dangerous by officials. However, the Truells maintain that the sign is on their land and argued that they found it difficult to safely cross the busy road. Recently, officials from the Highways Agency sent a letter to the couple, ordering them to remove the unauthorized sign. The letter stated that the sign posed a risk to drivers and contradicted the road safety measures put in place by the agency. The couple was also warned that failure to comply with the order could result in legal action being taken against them. However, George Truell hit back at the Highways Agency, saying he believed the sign was essential for the safety of himself and his wife. He said: "We put the sign up because cars go so fast down this road, and it's very difficult for us to cross. People don't seem to care that it's a residential area where pensioners live." In addition, the couple also argued that the sign was on their land and therefore they had the right to put it up. "It's outrageous that they [Highways Agency] are telling us what to do with our own land. We have a right to keep ourselves safe," said Mary Truell. The case has incited a wider debate over road safety measures in rural areas - particularly for the elderly population. A recent study by the Department of Transport revealed that the number of elderly pedestrians involved in fatal accidents has increased by 25% in the last year. Campaigners argue that more should be done to protect the elderly and other vulnerable road users. In conclusion, the row between the Truells and the Highways Agency highlights the need for greater consideration of road safety measures in residential areas. The couple, along with many others, feel that their safety is being compromised by reckless drivers who disregard the speed limit. With the aging population becoming more vulnerable to road accidents, it is vital that authorities and communities work together to ensure that adequate safety measures are in place.