article: There will be a repeat of last season's FA Cup final in this year's third round after Hull City were drawn to play Arsenal at the Emirates - although Tigers boss Steve Bruce originally thought the game was at the KC Stadium. Arsenal came from two goals down to beat Hull 3-2 at Wembley after extra-time in May and there will now be another encounter between the two sides. Bruce not only mistakenly thought his side had been drawn at home, he also revealed that they had also been paired with Arsenal in the rehearsal. Hull City boss Steve Bruce (left) is shocked to find out his side have drawn Arsenal at the Emirates . Bruce originally thought Hull were at home in the FA Cup third round, with his captain Curtis Davies next to him . The Hull boss is corrected and he jokes: 'Oh, we're away? We're not out first? I'm in shock' The draw was even held at The Deep Aquarium in Hull with Bruce in the audience. 'We'd been drawn against Arsenal in the rehearsal,' Bruce told BBC Sport. 'Let's hope it is as good as the final, because it was a great game. 'It's quite remarkable because as soon as we walked in everybody couldn't wait to tell us we'd been drawn against Arsenal in the rehearsal which is quite unique in itself - and then for it to happen again, it's just an amazing draw.' The tie will be a repeat of last season's final, which Arsenal won 3-2 after extra-time . Hull boss Steve Bruce walks along the touchline during last season's FA Cup final loss at Wembley . Amusingly, host Mark Chapman had to return to Bruce and say to him: 'I'd forgotten this but you're actually away.' To which Bruce replied with a chuckle: 'Oh, we're away? We're not out first? I'm in shock!' Chapman then responded: 'I'll leave you with that thought...' Davies (second right) celebrates with team-mates after putting Hull 2-0 up against Arsenal in May . Aaron Ramsey runs off in joy after scoring what proved to be the extra-time winner in the FA Cup final . Hull captain  Davies was also present. He said: 'I guess it was just meant to be. Hearing about the rehearsal and it being here, in Hull, we were looking forward to (the draw). 'To be first out of the hat with Arsenal was a shock, but we're looking forward to that. 'We just have to look forward to going there, giving them a good game and hopefully getting through to the next round.'
highlights: Arsenal will play Hull City at the Emirates in the FA Cup third round . The tie is a repeat of last season's final, which Arsenal won 3-2 . Draw was made at The Deep Aquarium in Hull on Monday night . Tigers boss Steve Bruce originally thought he side were at home . When corrected, Bruce replied: 'Oh, we're away? We're not out first?'
id: fa2491f20401eee00ad68fc918e1594eafbf1021
chatgpt: Arsenal will face Hull City in the third round of the FA Cup, in a repeat of last season's final. The draw was made on Monday evening at The Deep Aquarium in Hull, which itself is a new attraction in the city. Tigers boss Steve Bruce was present, and seemed confused when he was told that his team were going to be playing away from home. When he was first informed of the draw, Bruce apparently thought that his side were going to be hosting Arsenal at the KC Stadium, and seemed slightly startled when he was corrected. "Oh, we're away?" he reportedly said, "We're not out first?" Despite their manager's initial confusion, the Hull players will be relishing the chance to get revenge against their cup final conquerors of last season. The match will take place at the Emirates Stadium, and Arsenal will undoubtedly be the favourites to progress. However, Hull will be hoping to cause an upset, and will be looking to build on their 2-1 victory over the Gunners earlier in the season. That result, which came in the Premier League, was a rare highlight in an otherwise disappointing campaign for Hull, who are currently struggling in the bottom half of the table. For Arsenal, this match represents yet another opportunity to pick up some silverware. Arsene Wenger's side have a proud tradition in the FA Cup, having won the competition 12 times in their history. Last season's triumph against Hull was their first in nine years, and the Gunners will be hoping to retain the trophy this time around. Of course, there is still a long way to go before we know who will lift the trophy in May. The third round draw has thrown up some intriguing ties, and there are bound to be plenty of twists and turns along the way. However, for Arsenal and Hull, the focus is now firmly on their upcoming clash at the Emirates. The match is scheduled to take place in early January, and promises to be an enthralling encounter. Arsenal will be desperate to avoid an upset, while Hull will be fired up and ready to go. The FA Cup is one of the most prestigious competitions in world football, and both sides will be hoping to make a statement by progressing to the next round. Overall, this promises to be one of the most exciting ties of the third round. Arsenal will be the favourites, but Hull will be looking to spring a surprise. Whether or not they are able to do so, one thing is for sure - this match is going to be one to watch.