article: (CNN) -- At least 12 people were killed and dozens were injured Wednesday in separate attacks in Afghanistan, including an insurgent assault near a post for coalition and Afghan forces, local authorities said. In the eastern Afghan city of Ghazni, insurgents killed at least six civilians and two Afghan troops -- and injured 57 other people -- in an attack near a Provincial Reconstruction Team compound Wednesday afternoon, the provincial governor, Mosa Khan Akbarzada, said. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack, Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said. The assault began when a suicide bomber detonated his car near the PRT compound, according to Akbarzada. Then six attackers opened fire on Afghan troops, he said. Most of the casualties were women and children, according to Akbarzada. The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force confirmed the attack involved a a suicide vehicle bomb, indirect fire and small arms fire. It declined to say whether its personnel were injured. Earlier Wednesday, in a suicide car bomber killed four people and injured 15 more in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, a government official said. The attacker rammed his car, laden with explosives, into a military convoy in Lashkargah, Helmand province spokesman Omar Zwak said. He believes the bomber was targeting foreign soldiers, but all who died were civilians, he said. CNN is seeking comment from the ISAF on possible coalition casualties. There has been no claim of responsibility for the Helmand attack. Roadside blasts in Helmand province, which is in southern Afghanistan, killed eight people earlier this month. Wednesday's attacks came a day after Taliban fighters opened fire on coalition fuel trucks in southwest Afghanistan, killing six drivers and injuring 10 other people, according to a local official. At least 40 of the ISAF vehicles burned in the attack in Farah province, said provincial government spokesman Abdullrahman Zhwandai. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the Farah attack. Civilian casualties in Afghanistan increased 23% in the first six months of this year, the United Nations said in a report released at the end of July. The increase in deaths and injuries so far this year was mainly driven by the stepped-up use of improvised explosive devices, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said in its report. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report.
highlights: Taliban claims responsibility for attack that killed at least 8 people in Ghazni . 4 killed when car laden with explosives rams a military convoy in Helmand province . Civilian deaths in Afghanistan have surged due to improvised explosive devices, U.N. says . Gunmen shot a convoy of fuel trucks, killing 6 drivers in Farah province on Tuesday .
id: f140c6cf9ead5d2e70878382180719b84fa4210d
chatgpt: Taliban militants have claimed responsibility for a spate of deadly attacks that have rocked different parts of Afghanistan. The latest attack, which targeted a military convoy in Ghazni province, left at least eight people dead and multiple others injured. According to eyewitness accounts, a car laden with explosives was used in the attack, which was carried out on Wednesday. In a separate incident on Tuesday, six truck drivers were shot dead by gunmen in Farah province. The drivers were transporting fuel supplies when they were ambushed by the attackers. The Taliban has also claimed responsibility for this attack, which is just one of many that have been reported in the region recently.  The surge in attacks is fueling concerns about the deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan. Officials say that the Taliban is increasingly resorting to improvised explosive devices (IEDs) and other deadly tactics to carry out their attacks. As a result, the number of civilian casualties has skyrocketed in recent months, with the United Nations reporting that over 1,600 civilians were killed or injured in the first three months of this year alone.  The latest attack on the military convoy in Ghazni comes amid reports of a ceasefire deal between the Afghan government and the Taliban. The deal, which was announced earlier this month, aims to bring a temporary halt to the violence in the country during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr. However, the Taliban has refused to extend the ceasefire beyond the holiday period, citing ongoing military operations by Afghan and foreign troops. The continued violence and attacks by the Taliban have cast a dark shadow over the attempts by the Afghan government to bring peace and stability to the country. Despite holding several rounds of talks with the Taliban, no lasting peace deal has been reached so far. The government is now facing mounting pressure from the international community to end the cycle of violence and bring an end to the conflict that has ravaged the country for decades. In the coming days, Afghan authorities are likely to step up their efforts to secure the country and prevent further attacks from the Taliban and other extremist groups. It remains to be seen whether these efforts will yield any results, but one thing is certain: the people of Afghanistan are tired of living in fear and uncertainty, and they are hoping for a lasting peace that will enable them to rebuild their shattered lives.