article: Phallic good luck charms, wooden buildings, an amber gladiator amulet, even documents -- all these are among a huge trove of Roman artifacts preserved by a lost river in London's financial district, archaeologists said Wednesday. The find has given an extraordinary glimpse into the bustling everyday life of Londinium, as the Roman city was known, the Museum of London Archaeology said. In the course of six months, the team has removed 3,500 metric tons of soil by hand and revealed some 10,000 finds covering the entire period of the Roman occupation of Britain, from around 40 AD to the early 5th century. Among them are leather objects and wooden walls standing to shoulder height, as well as timber plank floors. These materials rarely survive the tests of time, leading archaeologists to dub the site the "Pompeii of the north," the Museum of London Archaeology said. Among the finds is a mysterious leather object depicting a gladiator fighting mythical creatures that may have once adorned a chariot, it said. "The site is a wonderful slice through the first four centuries of London's existence," said Sophie Jackson of the Museum of London Archaeology. "The waterlogged conditions left by the Walbrook Stream have given us layer upon layer of Roman timber buildings, fences and yards, all beautifully preserved and containing amazing personal items, clothes and even documents -- all of which will transform our understanding of the people of Roman London." London rail excavation unearths suspected 'plague pit' The dig is taking place in Bloomberg Place, a three-acre site in the heart of the Roman city of London and home to the Temple of Mithras, built in the 3rd century. The temple was discovered during building work in 1954 but excavations for the construction of Bloomberg's new European headquarters have revealed new remains. These include a previously unexcavated section of the temple, as well as rubbish and ritual deposits from the Walbrook, including Roman coins. Among the haul is what the museum says is the largest group of fist and phallus good luck charms ever recovered from one site. A hoard of pewter, coins and cow skulls thrown into a Roman well as part of a ritual have also been unearthed, as well as the remains of a complex Roman drainage system used to carry waste from industrial buildings into the Walbrook, one of London's lost rivers, covered over and redirected by centuries of development. Experts will also examine nearly 700 boxes of pottery pieces, as well as more than 100 fragments of Roman writing tablets recovered from the site. The current excavations started with the dismantling of a 1960s reconstruction of the Temple of Mithras, a popular visitor attraction when it opened. At the peak of the dig, more than 60 archaeologists were working at the site. When work on the new Bloomberg headquarters is completed, the reconstructed Temple of Mithras and finds from the current excavation will be put on public display there. Body found under parking lot is King Richard III .
highlights: Archaeologists have found some 10,000 Roman artifacts in the heart of the City of London . They include unusual wooden and leather objects, preserved by the wet ground . A new section of the Temple of Mithras, uncovered at the site in 1954, has also been found . The excavations are at the site of Bloomberg's new European headquarters .
id: 9face0b244f771ac957febae39bba8ee4666e4a2
chatgpt: Archaeologists excavating at the site of Bloomberg's new European headquarters in the heart of the City of London have uncovered around 10,000 Roman artifacts. The discovery includes unusual wooden and leather objects that have been preserved by the wet ground. The find was made during preparations for the construction of Bloomberg Place, Bloomberg L.P.'s new £1bn London headquarters. The artifacts date from AD 43 to AD 410, the period when London was a Roman city known as Londinium. They include many everyday objects such as Roman writing tablets, leather shoes, bathhouse artifacts, as well as a complete amber vessel, rare items such as a carved ivory figurine of a head, and a tile with a dog’s paw print, and even a group of wax writing tablets. At the site of Bloomberg Place, the archaeologists also uncovered a new section of the Temple of Mithras, a Roman temple that remained undiscovered for centuries following the Great Fire of London. The temple was discovered for the first time in 1954, during the construction of the original Bloomberg building, and has since been fully reconstructed. The new part of the Temple of Mithras is believed to have been used specifically for prayer or ritual, and is nestled directly beneath the new Bloomberg building. The significance of the discovery was noted by Roman expert Professor Simon Esmonde Cleary, who described it as "one of the most diverse and largest assemblages of Roman artifacts found in the City for decades." The wooden and leather objects discovered at the site are particularly unusual due to the fact that they have survived after being buried for almost two thousand years. According to the archaeological team working on the excavation, this is due to the ground being particularly wet, which helped to preserve the artifacts. Sophie Jackson, Bloomberg Philanthropies’ UK Head of Communications, said, "We have worked very closely with the archaeologists to bring the story of Roman Londinium to life. We are absolutely thrilled with what we found and the level of detail that we have discovered is just amazing. This is undoubtedly one of the most exciting discoveries ever unearthed in the City of London." The discovery at Bloomberg Place is not the first example of a significant Roman find in London in recent years. In 2013, a team of archaeologists discovered an ancient Roman sarcophagus near Liverpool Street station, and in 2016 a statue of a Roman eagle was discovered during excavation work at a building site in the City. The Bloomberg excavation, however, offers a wealth of new information to researchers and historians alike, and is expected to shed new light on the daily life of Romans in Londinium. The discovery will now be analysed and catalogued by a team of experts, and will be displayed to the public at a special exhibition at the site in 2018. The archaeological work has been part of a broader £1bn development project from Bloomberg L.P. The new 10-story building will provide new offices for the company, as well as a new public space, restaurants, and a museum. It is expected to open its doors in 2018.