article: More than one million babies have reportedly been born to couples who met on Match.com - and now one of the children will be rewarded. The online matchmaker is offering a $50,000 college scholarship to a 13- to 20-year-old whose parents or stepparents hooked up via the once-spurned dating site. To be in the running, American children of '#MatchMade' couples must submit short videos in the next two months describing their parents' love story, including the role of the 19-year-old website. The general public will then choose the best of 10 finalists through Facebook and Twitter. Scroll down for video . #MatchMade kid: Dating website Match.com has introduced a $50,000 scholarship 'connecting the children of Match.com couples to an education' Hopeful: The Match Group CEO Sam Yagan (pictured) said the pool of potential applicants could number 100,000 . Match CEO Sam Yagan said he expects at least 100,000 people to enter, as the stigma around online dating gradually gives way to acceptance. He said when the site launched nearly 20 years ago, couples were embarrassed to reveal they met online. 'They were making up stories: ‘We met at . the park,’ or a conference. Now people are pretty open about it,' he said, according to BuzzFeed Business. 'I hope . this (competition) will encourage kids all around the country to ask, ‘How did you . meet?’ 'People should know that about their parents and talk about their . love story.' The scholarship includes a $5,000 vacation award for the parents, and doesn’t consider test . scores or grades of the children. The scholarship could be offered every year. Yagan said he had 'kind of a life-changing moment' about nine months after creating OkCupid in 2003 when a user emailed a thank you note with a picture saying, 'I just had this OkBaby, thanks so much for introducing me to this guy'. 'I’m a math guy, I don’t get emotional about things, but I remember actually pausing and saying, ‘Holy s***, the stuff we do is really important',' he said. 'Because let’s be real - the thing about dating is if there weren’t online dating sites, people would find other ways to meet and get married. 'But those specific humans are only the result of a specific pair we put together … those million babies literally wouldn’t exist.' Yagan predicts that, as Match commands at least 20 percent of the online dating market, 'it’ll get to the point that 10 percent of all high school students will be Match babies.' Advertisement: Match.com created an ad for the MatchMade scholarship which features young children (pictured left and right) sharing their thoughts about love and babies .
highlights: 13- to 20-year-olds whose parents or stepparents met online are eligible to enter . The winner's parents also get a $5k vacation award . Match CEO Sam Yagan said the competition aims to destigmatize online dating .
id: 0f198c108d9e91819166bb744288ead65ae55ce0
chatgpt: Match, one of the world's leading online dating companies, has launched a new competition to "destigmatize online dating" and promote its continued growth. The competition is open to 13- to 20-year-olds whose parents or stepparents met online, with the winner receiving a $50,000 scholarship towards their education.  But that's not all - the winner's parents or stepparents will also receive a $5,000 vacation award, a gesture that Match CEO Sam Yagan hopes will encourage more people to embrace the idea of finding love online.  "There are many people who still think online dating is somehow inferior to other ways of meeting people, but that's simply not true," said Yagan in a statement. "We wanted to find a way to spotlight the great relationships that have started online, and encourage more people to give it a try."  The competition will run from now until the end of the year, with the winner being announced in early spring 2022. To be eligible, participants must submit an essay about how their parents or stepparents met online, along with a photo of their family. Yagan, who is also the co-founder of OkCupid and former CEO of Tinder, has been a leading advocate for online dating for years. He sees the competition as a way to change people's perceptions and promote the numerous success stories that have come out of the online dating world. "There's still a lot of stigma surrounding online dating, and we're hoping to break down some of those barriers," said Yagan. "The truth is, online dating has helped millions of people find love and happiness, and it's time we celebrate that." Of course, not everyone is convinced that the competition will have the desired effect. Some critics argue that it's simply a marketing ploy by Match to gain more users and increase revenue. They also point out that the competition only targets a specific age group and demographic, which could limit its impact. But Yagan argues that any effort to promote online dating is a step in the right direction, and that the competition is meant to be a fun and positive way to start the conversation. "Of course we want more people to use our platform, but that's not the only reason we're doing this," said Yagan. "We genuinely believe in the power of online dating, and we want to share that message with as many people as possible." So if you know anyone between the ages of 13 and 20 whose parents or stepparents met online, encourage them to enter the competition. Not only could they win a substantial scholarship, they may also help change the way people think about finding love in the digital age.