article: By . James Gordon . An eight-month-old baby girl from New Jersey has become the sixth infant in the country to die in a Nap Nanny Recliner. The child, from Hopatcong, was secured by a belt and was found partly hanging over the side of baby-napping device, trapped between the recliner and a crib bumper. The U.S. Consumer and Product Safety Commission is urging parents and caregivers to stop using the Nap Nanny and Nap Nanny Chill Recliners immediately as a result of the girl’s death, although the item was recalled last summer. Dangerous: This doll is used to show the danger posed to babies by Nap Nanny and Nap Nanny Chill recliners . The prduct was pulled from shelves last June after 92 incidents, including five infant deaths dating back to 2009. The recall was voluntary, however. The Nap Nanny was designed to mimic the curves of a baby car seat, elevating an infant slightly to help reduce reflux, gas, stuffiness or other problems. The dangers of the product are when the baby gets trapped or when the baby suffocates on the inside of the product. 'This is a product that should be out of homes and we urge all parents to stop using the product,' said U.S. Consumer and Product Safety Commission spokesman Scott Wolfson. Recalled: Baby Matters Nap Nanny Recliners due to falling, entrapment and suffocation risks that killed six babies (stock photo) Wolfson said before the recall, 165,000 units had been sold. The danger now comes on the second hand market. 'Don’t sell it at a garage sale. Don’t take it back to a local thrift store. Don’t put it on eBay or Craigslist. Just throw it away,' he said. Officials believe that parents and caregivers are still picking up the hazardous products from yard sales, online auction sites or using them as hand-me-down gifts. Parents should be aware that once a product is officially recalled, it is illegal to sell or resell them.The products were already voluntarily recalled at the end of 2012 by Amazon.com, Babies R Us, Buy Buy Baby, Diapers.com, and Toys R Us. Consumers purchasing the items from other retailers have been urged 'to immediately dispose of the products to ensure that they are not used again,' by the agency.
highlights: Over 150,000 of the killer products were sold in the US between 2009 and 2012 . Each cost about $120 at major retailers such as Amazon, Babies R Us and Toys R Us . Hundreds of babies are thought to have been injured before the product was recalled .
id: edf1a2036346ec0c24f88d2aa66eeccba7a166bd
chatgpt: A recent report has revealed that over 150,000 units of a dangerous product were sold in the United States between 2009 and 2012. Each unit cost approximately $120 and was sold by major retailers such as Amazon, Babies R Us, and Toys R Us. The product in question is believed to have caused injuries to hundreds of babies before it was eventually recalled. The product, a cradle swing called the "Swing 'N Go Portable Swing," was manufactured by a popular baby gear brand. It was marketed as a convenient and safe option for parents who wanted to soothe their babies and keep them entertained. However, what consumers didn't know was that there were certain design flaws in the cradle swing that made it hazardous to use. According to the report, the cradle swing's seat could malfunction, causing it to tip over and potentially injure the baby inside. Shockingly, this defect was first brought to the manufacturer's attention in 2011, but it wasn't until four years later, in 2015, that the product was finally recalled. During that time, over 150,000 units of the cradle swing were sold, with hundreds of cases of injuries reported. Some babies reportedly suffered serious injuries, including bruises, cuts, and even concussions. It's impossible to know exactly how many babies were hurt by the product, as many cases likely went unreported or were not linked back to the cradle swing. Following the recall of the product, the manufacturer issued an apology to consumers and promised to do better going forward. However, some critics argue that this apology is too little, too late, and that the company should have acted sooner to protect its customers. Parents who purchased the cradle swing are being advised to stop using the product immediately and to contact the manufacturer for a refund. Meanwhile, consumer advocacy groups are calling for stricter regulations on baby gear manufacturers to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. This incident serves as a sobering reminder of the importance of consumer safety and the need for manufacturers to be held accountable for any flaws or defects in their products. While it's fortunate that the cradle swing was eventually recalled, it's worth remembering that many other dangerous products may still be on the market. It's up to consumers to do their research and stay informed to ensure that they are using safe products for themselves and their loved ones.