article: (CNN) -- At least 38 people have died in mudslides on the Portuguese island of Madeira, which was hit by heavy downpours overnight, an official told CNN on Saturday. Pedro Barbosa, the vice president of the Civil Protection Agency in Madeira, told CNN that an unknown number of people were missing -- perhaps dozens, he said. The mudslides and flooding caused substantial damage to roads and homes in the capital, Funchal, and in Ribeira Brava, which are both on the southern portion of the Atlantic island, which lies about 600 miles southwest of Portugal, Barbosa said. Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates and Interior Minister Rui Pereira arrived on the island on Saturday, according to CNN affiliate Radio e Televisao de Portugal (RTP). Socrates told RTP that "the situation is under control" and the government is offering all its support to regional authorities. The country's president, Cavaco Silva, expressed his condolences to the people of Madeira in a televised statement and promised to do everything to help "during this difficult time." Pedro Ramos of Dr. Nelio Mendonca Hospital in Funchal, told CNN that 68 wounded people were hospitalized from the mudslides and flooding. Three were critical, he said. The vice president of Madeira's regional government had tallied 68 victims with injuries, according to the official Lusa news agency. The floodwaters overturned cars and knocked down trees, Barbosa said. Authorities have evacuated hundreds of people to military and civil protection facilities in Funchal, he said. Search and rescue teams have been reinforced, but haven't been able to reach every area, according to the Civil Protection Agency. The Portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts, it announced on its Web site. The military is also ready to shelter up to 130 people where 50 people are already staying, it said. Barbosa said weather conditions have substantially improved, with the rains winding down. Madeira, an autonomous region of Portugal, is a popular resort destination. There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists. CNN's Umaro Djau contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts . NEW: Weather has substantially improved, civil protection official says . Madeira hit by heavy downpours overnight, triggering mudslide that killed at least 38 . Unknown number of people, perhaps dozens, are missing, official tells CNN .
id: 315807c18d851e3c83dad870ff88fddc2a0d3902
chatgpt: Portugal has dispatched five military teams to help in the search and rescue efforts in Madeira, after the autonomous island was hit by heavy downpours overnight. The adverse weather conditions triggered a mudslide in the town of Funchal, which has already claimed at least 38 lives. An unknown number of people, likely into the dozens, are still missing according to a civil protection official who spoke to CNN. The Portuguese government has declared a state of emergency in the archipelago and has requested help from the European Union's civil protection mechanism. Added to the challenge of the rescue mission is the fact that Madeira is a steep and mountainous island, which has been battered by strong winds and heavy rain for several days. "We have sent five military teams to help with the search and recovery efforts, which will be fully operational today," declared the Portuguese Minister of National Defense, João Gomes Cravinho. "The teams are composed of around 250 military personnel and around 100 vehicles, including helicopters. Our priority is to locate and rescue any survivors." The good news is that weather conditions have substantially improved, with skies clearing and winds subsiding, which will aid rescue teams in their efforts. A civil protection official confirmed this, noting that the improved weather has allowed for a greater focus on the search and rescue operations. However, the road to full recovery will be long and challenging. The authorities are facing various difficulties such as the blockage of roads and the risk of further landslides. In addition, some areas are still inaccessible due to the damage caused by the torrential rains. Portuguese Prime Minister, António Costa, visited Funchal early this morning to inspect the situation on the ground and to offer his condolences to the victims' families. He pledged government support for the rescue operation and the affected population, promising to provide social, economic and psychological assistance to all those affected by the disaster. This event is yet another reminder of the importance of investing in disaster preparedness, particularly given the increasing frequency of extreme weather events. The Portuguese government has already taken steps to mitigate the impacts of natural disasters, including the creation of the National Authority for Emergency and Civil Protection, but further measures are likely to be explored in the aftermath of this tragedy.