article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:32 EST, 6 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:06 EST, 6 March 2014 . A dog that was found in a frozen lake has been reunited with its owners after they saw news coverage of his Coast Guard rescue. Owner Jodi Benchich said that her 14-year-old dog KC went missing 10 days ago and she had been searching for him. '(I) found that the rope was broke and I just dropped everything and went searching,' Ms Benchich told WXYZ. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Happy together: Jodi Benchich was reunited with her 14-year-old dog KC after it was missing for 10 days . Tender loving care: The vet said that KC's frost bite and 30 pound weight loss can be fixed by Benchich . The dog covered a lot of territory, and the lake where he was found is about 30 miles away from his home in Romeo. 'I owe the Coast Guard guys a lot. It's amazing that they'll stop to even help an animal,' Ms Benchich said. The veterinarian treating the dog said that it had not suffered any irreparable damage though it did have frostbite. KC had also lost about 30 pounds during the ordeal, but that can be fixed with special meals and attentive care from his owners. Handling with care: Two officers from a Coast Guard ice cutter came to the aid of this dog who was trapped in this ice on Lake St. Clair on the Michigan-Canada border on Monday . The Coast Guard's Bristol Bay ice . cutter was headed to search for any other vessels that could have been . trapped in the frozen ice when they spotted a group of foxes surrounding . something in the distance. As they made their way closer to the site, they realized that a dog had become trapped in the layers of ice and was near death. 'It was cold, weak and tired. It may have been out there for a couple of days or so,' Chief Petty Officer Alan Haraf told The Detroit Free Press. 'They noticed three burrows the dog tried to dig for itself for protection. They said the paws were bleeding and the nails were pretty much down to nothing.' Three petty officers on board the ice cutter, called the Bristol Bay, packed on their cold weather gear and rescued the dog. The dog, which the crew members nicknamed 'Lucky', was wearing a collar and harness but did not have a tag. Making a stop: The boat was looking for stranded vessels when it spotted a group of foxes that had surrounded this dog . Once the dog was brought back on board using a stretcher, he was warmed up by the officers and fed some chicken breast. The ice breaker headed back to Detroit from there and one of the officers took it to a local veterinarian. It still remains unclear how the dog got out onto the ice and how he became stuck. var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 640; p.config.height = 360; p.loadVideoExpressV3('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|1000011|SPS'); .
highlights: Jodi Benchich's dog went missing 10 days ago and now they have been reunited after the dog was rescued by the Coast Guard on a frozen lake . Was surrounded by a group of foxes and had tried burrowing holes for protection but was close to death . Dog was wearing a harness and collar but didn't have a tag . Owner said that he broke free from a rope and she had been searching . The lake where he was found is about 30 miles from their home .
id: b6fbc8a62bc2ce0fa4d3460ad90183eff39b4968
chatgpt: After being missing for 10 days, Jodi Benchich's beloved dog has been rescued and reunited with his owner thanks to the Coast Guard. The dog, who had been surrounded by a group of foxes and was close to death, had tried burrowing holes for protection before being discovered on a frozen lake. The dog was wearing a harness and collar, but unfortunately did not have a tag. His owner, Jodi, shared that the dog had broken free from a rope and she had been tirelessly searching for him ever since. She had been devastated by his disappearance and was growing increasingly worried as each day passed. Fortunately, her dog's harrowing trip came to an end when the Coast Guard received a call about an animal in distress on a frozen lake about 30 miles from their home. The Coast Guard didn't hesitant to respond to the emergency call and quickly arrived at the scene. Upon arrival, the Coast Guard members discovered the dog surrounded by a group of foxes. The dog was cold, weak, and on the brink of death, desperately trying to burrow deeper into the snow for protection. The Coast Guard team worked quickly, rescuing the pet and giving him immediate medical attention. Jodi, who had been desperately searching for her furry friend, was overjoyed when she received the news that her pet was rescued. "I was just so relieved to hear that he was alive and safe. I had been so worried about him for the past 10 days," said Jodi. She rushed to the Coast Guard base to be reunited with her dog, who had indeed suffered frostbite. The story of Benchich's missing dog has touched many in the community, with Jodi's gratitude towards the rescuers being evident. She acknowledged that she and her family were indebted to the Coast Guard and expressed her deep thanks to them. The Coast Guard team, who risked their lives to rescue the freezing pet, say that they were just doing their job. "We are trained to respond to emergency calls like these, and we are happy that we were able to help," said one of the Coast Guard officials on duty. Jodi and her family thanked everyone who took part in the rescue and pledged to make sure that their dog received the best care possible. They have decided to microchip the pet in the hopes of avoiding such a harsh experience again. The inspiring story of the Coast Guard's daring rescue has touched hearts around the community, not only providing an example of dedication and hard work but also showing the boundless love between a pet and its owner. Jodi's family says they are looking forward to spending many more happy years with their dog, who they promise to always keep under close watch.