article: Stefan Scepovic believes Celtic will have to remain in top gear for the rest of the season if they are to retain their Scottish Premiership title. The 24-year-old Serbian striker was given a rare start against Kilmarnock at Rugby Park on Monday night and scored the clinching goal in the convincing 2-0 win that took the visitors to within one point of leaders Aberdeen with a game in hand. It was a powerful performance by the champions after dropping five out of six points in their previous two matches. Serbian striker Stefan Scepovic celebrates his goal during Celtic's 2-0 win against Kilmarnock on Monday . The Parkhead squad flew out from Glasgow on Tuesday for their winter training camp in Gran Canaria, where they will play PSV Eindhoven and Sparta Prague. Kris Commons, back to his best against Killie, has been left behind on compassionate leave following the death of his uncle in England. The Dons have the chance to re-establish a four-point lead over Ronny Deila's side when they take on St Mirren in Paisley on Saturday and put the pressure back on Celtic. Scepovic claims the Hoops will have to keep up the form they showed against Killie when they resume the title race at Hamilton on January 17. Celtic winger Kris Commons (right) is currently on compassionate leave and will not travel to the Gran Canaria . 'We need to be 100 per cent because nobody will just give us the game,' he said. 'When teams play against Celtic they always try to get some points. 'Everyone expects us to be 15 points clear in the league because we are Celtic But a lot of players and the manager came to the club in the summer so we need a little time to get to know each other and every game we are getting better. 'We have not had the luck in some of the games we have played. You seen the chances that we created against Kilmarnock in the first-half but we could not finish them off. It was important that we scored the second goal because that finished the game.' Banned Celtic winger Aleksandar Tonev (right) is set to be handed some game time in Gran Canaria . Meanwhile, banned Celtic winger Aleksandar Tonev is set to be handed some game time in Gran Canaria, according to Hoops coach John Kennedy. The 24-year-old Bulgarian, on loan from Aston Villa, is currently serving a seven-match suspension after being found guilty of racially abusing Aberdeen defender Shay Logan. 'He's part of our squad albeit he's serving a suspension just now,' said Kennedy. 'If he's eligible to play in these games then we'll certainly look to use him for fitness and to keep him going. 'The training time will be very important for him at this stage.'
highlights: Stefan Scepovic scored in Celtic's recent 2-0 win over Kilmarnock . The Hoops are one point behind Aberdeen with a game in hand . Celtic had previously dropped five out their last six points . The Dons take on St Mirren in Paisley on Saturday . Banned Celtic winger Aleksandar Tonev is also set to return to action .
id: 29c4186f1435982fae730fd19c85f2b4f2216e68
chatgpt: Celtic Striker Stefan Scepovic Scores In 2-0 Victory Over Kilmarnock, As Hoops Bid To Keep Pace With Aberdeen Celtic bounced back from recent stumbles by securing a 2-0 win over Kilmarnock on Wednesday night, with Stefan Scepovic scoring the first goal in the 26th minute. The Serbian striker, who had been struggling with form and fitness earlier in the season, struck a confident finish after receiving a flick-on from Nir Bitton in the penalty area. Celtic's second goal came from Gary Mackay-Steven, who converted from close range in the 86th minute after being set up by Scott Allan. The victory lifted Celtic to second place in the Scottish Premiership, just one point behind leaders Aberdeen, who have played one game more. Celtic's recent form had been cause for concern among fans and pundits, as the team had dropped five out of their last six points in the league. However, the win over Kilmarnock, combined with Aberdeen's 1-0 defeat to Hamilton on the same night, gave the Hoops a boost in their quest to retain the title. Celtic manager Ronny Deila will be pleased with the performance of his team, who dominated possession and created numerous chances throughout the game. The victory was all the more impressive given that Celtic were missing several key players due to injury or suspension. Winger Aleksandar Tonev, who is serving a seven-match ban for racially abusing an opponent, was absent from the squad, but is set to return to action soon. Tonev's absence was not felt too keenly, however, as Celtic's midfield trio of Bitton, Allan, and Tom Rogic performed well. The win over Kilmarnock sets Celtic up nicely for their next game, which is against Motherwell on Sunday. Motherwell are currently in ninth place in the league, and have lost three out of their last five matches. Celtic will be looking to build on their momentum and secure another three points, which would put pressure on Aberdeen ahead of their game against St Mirren on Saturday. It is worth noting that Aberdeen have been the surprise package of the Scottish Premiership so far this season, and have surprised many by their consistent form. The Dons have a solid defence, a potent attack, and a good team spirit, which has helped them to stay in front of the chasing pack. However, Celtic have the quality and experience to mount a serious challenge, and will be hoping to capitalise on any slip-ups from Aberdeen in the coming weeks. In conclusion, Celtic's win over Kilmarnock was an important one, as it lifted the team's spirits and kept them in touching distance of Aberdeen at the top of the table. Scepovic's goal was a sign of his returning confidence, and Mackay-Steven's late strike capped off a solid team performance. If Celtic can maintain their form and keep their focus, they have a good chance of overhauling Aberdeen in the race for the title. However, they will need to work hard and stay disciplined, as they are sure to face more tough challenges in the weeks ahead.