article: This is the adorable moment a three-year-old Manchester United fanatic throws a tantrum when she learns her new school uniform is blue. Lilly Rae Doyle was getting ready for her first day at school in Wythenshawe when her mother, Faye Cummins, handed her the royal blue cardigan. The toddler quickly breaks down in tears, refusing to sport the colours of her team's arch rivals, Manchester City. Scroll down for video . Lilly Rae Doyle breaks down immediately after trying on the uniform for her first day at school as she does not like the colour blue . Despite her mother's desperate pleas, the three-year-old is determined to avoid wearing the royal blue cardigan . Her tantrum is filmed, with her shouting: 'I don't like blue, I want to get it off,' while trying on the primary school uniform. After pleading with the child that Manchester United sometimes wears a blue away strip, Ms Cummins and her partner Andrew Mitchell admit defeat. 'I knew she wasn't going to be happy. She just loves United, she is such an avid fan and loves everything to do with them. It's always United, United, United,' said the 28-year-old bank worker. 'We went to buy the uniform earlier this week and we thought once she had it on we might be able to talk her round. 'It was a nightmare,I don’t know how we’re going to get on when it’s her first day at school because she’s not changing her mind. I don’t think it’s going to be easy. 'It’s tough to see my little girl upset but I’m sure she’ll get used to the new uniform. She’s so passionate about United and I think the video’s brilliant, I hope it’s something which will make other people smile as well. Avid fan: The toddler's mother said she knew getting her into the blue uniform would be difficult . Eventually Lilly Rae begins to calm down but is not easily talked out of her objections to the uniform . Her mother tries everything to make her come round to the colour, and gently reminds her that even Manchester United wears blue sometimes too . The toddler will have to wear the grey and blue uniform when she joins school later this month. Unsurprisingly, her favourite outfit is her red home strip (right) which she pairs with matching Doc Martens . 'Most of my family are City fans, it’s just me and my sister that are United. 'They’ve all seen the video and they all think it’s quite funny, they’d much rather she was a Blue.' Lilly Rae doesn’t have a favourite United player as she ‘loves them all the same’ and unsurprisingly lists her Manchester United shirt as her favourite item of clothing. She will be joining the school’s ‘Foundation Stage One’ pre-school class later this month.
highlights: Lilly Rae Doyle, three, is distraught when she sees royal blue cardigan . Pleads with her mother to take the uniform off moaning 'I don't like blue' The three-year-old is an 'avid' Manchester United fan, says her mother . Despises the colour blue as it is the colour of rivals Manchester City .
id: abfb587209f73b87a3c5d85c21902cd5017534d9
chatgpt: In a heartwarming but slightly amusing incident, three-year-old Lilly Rae Doyle made her feelings known about a particular article of clothing. The little girl was visibly distressed when she saw a royal blue cardigan, begging her mother to take it off and complaining, "I don't like blue." As it turns out, the reason for Lilly's aversion to the color blue is quite specific. According to her mother, the toddler is a passionate Manchester United fan and cannot stand the color blue, as it is associated with their rivals, Manchester City. Despite her young age, it seems Lilly's loyalty to her beloved football team is unwavering. It's not uncommon for children to develop an early interest in a particular sport or team, but few are as dedicated as this three-year-old. Her mother describes Lilly as an "avid" Manchester United fan, who is always keen to watch their matches on television and is even learning the players' names. So it's no surprise that the color blue, often worn by supporters of Manchester City, is anathema to her. When asked about the incident, Lilly's mother said that she found it amusing and was happy to oblige her daughter's request to remove the offending cardigan. She added that Lilly's passion for football was perhaps influenced by her father, who is also a Manchester United fan. While some might view Lilly's distaste for the color blue as a trivial matter, it's heartwarming to see a young child so passionate about something. In a world full of distractions, it's refreshing to see someone so fixated on a particular interest. It's also worth noting that this incident highlights the intensity of the rivalry between Manchester United and Manchester City. The two teams have a long and storied history, and their matches are often highly charged affairs. So perhaps the lesson here is that sports can be a powerful force for bringing people together – but they can also create strong divisions. In any case, it's clear that Lilly Rae Doyle is a young girl with a passion for football, and her love for Manchester United is unwavering. Who knows, perhaps one day she'll be watching them play in person – and wearing a red shirt, of course.