article: (CNN) -- You don't have to be a motorcycle enthusiast to be wowed by the custom bikes created by Paul Teutul Sr. and his sons as seen on the Discovery Network's "American Chopper" for a decade and now airing on CMT's "Orange County Choppers." Teutul, or "Senior" as he's called, left the U.S. Merchant Marine and eventually opened his first business, called "Paul's Welding," according to the Orange County Choppers website. After he grew his welding shop into a 30-employee business called "Iron Works," his passion for customizing motorcycles grew in leaps and bounds. But a constant companion on Senior's ride was alcohol. "Back in the day, I kinda started early drinking and getting high," he says. "If drinking was in the Olympics, I would have been a gold medalist." But he also says he thought he would grow out of what he now recognizes as addiction. That didn't happen. "What it does is it gets progressively worse, and I think that I finally got to the point where it kinda just took over my life completely," he says. Teutul says there's a long history of alcoholism in his family: "My uncle was an alcoholic, my mother was an alcoholic. And you know -- most of them died from that." Eventually, he realized everything he had built was at risk if things didn't change. "I was fortunate -- in 1985, I was running a business, I had a small wielding shop, and I just got lucky," he says. I went to a 12-step program and then I just kept going." Just because he stopped drinking, however, didn't mean his buddies did. "It's tough when you're not drinking and you've got two people on either side of you in a truck knocking down shots of Black Velvet (whiskey) and drinking beers and you're in the middle." It wasn't easy, he says. For nine years straight, he was afraid to miss a meeting. "It did take me two years before I wasn't thirsty anymore." He says he doesn't go to meetings these days and that he never feels like drinking. But Teutul says given his past experience, he will not drink again. Senior just celebrated 29 years of sobriety, which he describes as "quite the trip." "When you get sober, you put things in play and they happen," he says. "You think a lot clearer. Your whole attitude changes, you kinda learn how to live all over again, which is a tough thing by itself." And it's a message he continues to share. "My life's an open book, "says Teutul. "I know people that had problems and I think that I've been a power of example to them. I've heard from people that they've turned their lives around from me sharing my experience, so it's all good. I don't have a problem with sharing anything."
highlights: Paul Teutul Sr. appears on "Orange County Choppers" He says alcohol "took over my life completely" Teutul, known as Senior, has been sober for 29 years .
id: a8db9820805a510746f0de402c12e48942f5ade2
chatgpt: Paul Teutul Sr., the star of the hit reality TV show, "American Chopper," has made a special appearance on the latest episode of "Orange County Choppers." During the episode, Teutul opened up about his struggles with alcohol addiction and shared how it almost ruined his life. Teutul, known as Senior to his fans, shared that he has been living a sober life for the past 29 years, but before that, he struggled with alcoholism for many years. "I was living a life where alcohol took over completely," Senior said. "I lost everything. My wife, my family, my business. It was a dark and scary time." Senior, who founded Orange County Choppers, rose to fame for his custom-built motorcycles and the drama-filled reality show that documented the behind-the-scenes of his business. However, behind the tough exterior, Senior was battling alcohol addiction that almost cost him everything. "I was living a double life," Senior said. "I was working hard during the day, building bikes and running my business, but at night, I was drinking myself into oblivion. It was a vicious cycle." Senior's son, Paul Teutul Jr., who has had several public feuds with his father, was also featured on the episode. He praised his father for being sober and owning up to his past mistakes. "I'm proud of my dad for owning up to his past and being sober for so long," Paul Jr. said. "It's not easy to admit that you have a problem and get help, but my dad did it, and he's a better man for it." Senior shared that he credits his sobriety to the support of his family, especially his wife Beth. "She's been my rock throughout this whole journey," Senior said. "She stood by me when no one else did, and I owe her everything." Senior hopes that by sharing his story, he can inspire others who may be struggling with addiction to seek help. "I want people to know that it's never too late to turn your life around," Senior said. "I was able to do it, and if I can, anyone can. You just need to take that first step and ask for help." The episode ended with Senior and Paul Jr. reconciling and working together on a new bike build. The emotional reunion left fans hopeful that the father and son duo had put their differences aside for good. In summary, Paul Teutul Sr. opened up about his struggle with alcohol addiction on the latest episode of "Orange County Choppers." The star shared that alcohol almost ruined his life, but he has been sober for the past 29 years. Senior hopes that by sharing his story, he can inspire others who may be struggling with addiction to seek help. The episode ended with Senior and son Paul Jr. reconciling and working together on a new bike build.