article: By . Ollie Gillman . A dramatic rescue mission is underway to save three people aboard a boat hit by a huge hurricane. The boat, named Walkabout, was hit by Hurricane Julio, which whipped up 155mph winds and 30ft waves, blowing a hatch off the boat and washing away its life raft. A terrifying picture released by the Coast Guard shows the rough seas the crew face, as they battle to keep their yacht afloat as it takes on water. Rough seas: The crew of the Walkabout have lost their life rafts and are taking on water . This image, taken by a NASA satellite, shows Hurricane Julio swirling over the Pacific Ocean . The three sailors, who have not been identified, sent out a Mayday message on Sunday morning and the Coast Guard is now co-ordinating their rescue. A HC-130 Hercules plane arrived on the scene at around 1:10pm local time yesterday to drop off life rafts to the stricken crew, but they were unable to reach them because of the huge waves which are battering the 42ft boat. A nearby container ship, Manukai, has now reached the sailors and will attempt a rescue at dawn. The Coast Guard has dropped life rafts to the stricken crew but they cannot reach them because of 30ft waves and 155mph winds caused by Hurricane Julio . A Hercules C130-J, similar to the planes used by the Coast Guard to co-ordinate the boat's rescue (file pic) Operations Specialist Andrew Lincoln said: 'The seas were really bad and it's kind of windy so [the Manukai crew] didn't want to do it in the dark. 'If seas were calm they'd pull up to the sailing vessel and [the three sailors] would climb up what's called a Jacob's ladder. 'But it's really rough out there so if [the Manukai] did that they'd end up running over that sailing vessel.' An earlier statement from the Coast Guard said: 'The Coast Guard is coordinating the rescue of a 42-foot sailboat caught in Hurricane Julio 414 miles northeast of Oahu Sunday. 'Sailing vessel Walkabout is disabled and taking on water with three people aboard. On-scene conditions are reported as 92 to 115 mph winds with 30-foot seas. 'One of the hatches has blown away and onboard bilge pumps are unable to keep up with the rate of flooding. The vessel's life raft has also been blown overboard.' Hurricane Julio, which was recently downgraded to category 1 - the lowest level of hurricane - is believed to be moving away from the area. Just last week Hawaii was battered by tropical storm Iselle, which toppled trees and power lines causing outages in parts of Maui. At least 50 flights were cancelled on Thursday because of the storm, but airlines have resumed normal service now.
highlights: Coast Guard planes circle stricken crew after hurricane blows hole in boat . Huge waves and fierce winds have washed life raft off the Walkabout vessel . Nearby container ship will attempt dawn rescue mission as yacht leaks .
id: 81c572c2e92981217cc9cdabccf18d4546585df5
chatgpt: A group of sailors were left stranded in the middle of a violent hurricane after their boat, the Walkabout, was hit by huge waves and fierce winds. The incident occurred when the vessel was navigating near the outlying areas of the Bahamas. Luckily, the Coast Guard responded quickly and dispatched several planes to circle the stricken crew and monitor the situation. As winds continued to batter the vessel, a massive hole was blown in the yacht causing it to spring a leak. This made the situation even more dangerous for the stranded sailors who were struggling to keep the boat afloat. To make matters worse, the life raft that was available to the crew was washed away by the massive waves. The Coast Guard planes continued to circle the Walkabout, keeping a close eye on the crew and providing them with much-needed encouragement. As the storm raged on, it was discovered that a nearby container ship would attempt a dawn rescue mission to help the stranded crew. The rescue mission was fraught with danger, but the crew of the container ship remained undeterred. As dawn broke over the horizon, the massive vessel began to approach the Walkabout, its crew bracing for impact as they tried to get as close as possible to the sinking yacht. Despite the high waves, the brave crew of the container ship was able to maneuver close enough to the Walkabout to facilitate the rescue mission. The crew of the Walkabout was subsequently hoisted onto the container ship, all of them safe and unharmed. They would later recount their harrowing experience, expressing deep gratitude to the Coast Guard and the crew of the container ship for their heroic efforts. They also thanked their lucky stars for being able to survive the deadly hurricane. In the aftermath of the incident, Coast Guard officials warned sailors and other seafarers to be extra cautious when navigating waters during hurricane season. They urged them to be aware of weather conditions and to take all necessary precautions to ensure their safety. They also commended the crew of the Walkabout for their resilience in the face of extreme adversity. The incident is a stark reminder of the dangers that seafarers face every day as they navigate the world's oceans. Despite the challenges they face, these individuals continue to risk their lives in order to make a living and pursue their dreams. They are the unsung heroes of our time, and their bravery and dedication to their craft should never be forgotten.