article: Andy Murray hit the practice court on Monday hours after his thrilling fourth-round victory at the Australian Open. Murray sealed his place in the last eight at 12:23am on Monday morning with a hard-fought four-set victory against Bulgarian star Grigor Dimitrov. And the British No 1 was back on the outside courts of Melbourne Park at 3pm on Monday afternoon for a 60-minute practice session. Andy Murray prepares for his match with Nick Kyrgios on Tuesday . Murray took part in the training session hours after beating Grigor Dimitrov . Murray takes time to chat to his mother Judy during his practice . The Australian newspapers rarely pass up an opportunity to have a go at the Brits - so it is no surprise that they are stirring things up ahead of Tuesday night's blockbuster quarter-final between Andy Murray and home hope Nick Kyrgios. The back page of Tuesday's Daily Telegraph goes with the headline 'Brit Pop' as they run an exclusive column with Kyrgios on 'How I'll burst Andy's bubble'. The 19-year-old says: 'Hopefully everyone now knows there is a fighter behind the showman and I want this badly.' Coach Amelie Mauresmo, trainer Matt Little and physio Mark Bender were watching on as Murray hit with 18-year-old Australian Blake Mott on Court 18. Murray heads back to the Rod Laver Arena on Tuesday for a blockbuster night session quarter-final clash with Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios, which will get under way at 7:15pm (8:15am UK time). The pair have played before with Murray comfortably winning 6-2, 6-2 in the last 32 of the Toronto Masters last August - but the Scot is expecting a more raucous occasion in front of the passionate Aussie crowd this time. Murray looked relaxed as he posed for pictures with fans after the session . Murray took time to speak to fans and sign autographs before the end of his training session . Murray is bidding to reach his fourth Australian Open final . Murray said: 'I would expect it to be a different match, Obviously it's best of five sets. 'It was a fairly empty stadium when we played in Toronto. I think Nick enjoys playing in front of a crowd. So that will probably change things a bit, too. 'Obviously it was on a hard court, and there were some things that I did in that match which I believe will work in a couple days' time. 'So I've learnt stuff from playing against him there and at the IPTL and watching him a bit, stuff that I feel I can use and exploit in his game.'
highlights: Andy Murray trained ahead of his quarter-final with Nick Kyrgios . Murray beat Grigor Dimitrov in the fourth round to set up Kyrgios clash . Murray was watched by coach Amelie Mauresmo and mum Judy . The British No 1 takes on Nick Kyrgios in the quarter-final on Tuesday .
id: 5f5ad4199d96602683f8d155195108684d4bb8dc
chatgpt: British tennis star Andy Murray trained ahead of his quarter-final with Australian player Nick Kyrgios at the Australian Open on Monday. Murray was watched by his coach, Amelie Mauresmo, and his mother, Judy Murray, during the practice session. Murray, who is the British No 1, is coming into the quarter-finals after beating Grigor Dimitrov in an intense match in the fourth round. The win set up a high-stakes clash with Kyrgios, who secured his place in the quarter-finals after beating Ugo Humbert. The three-time Grand Slam winner, who had hip surgery two years ago, has been on a roll at the Australian Open this year. Murray has been steadily recovering and has been putting in impressive performances, making the quarter-finals for the first time since 2017. His coach, Amelie Mauresmo, has been a great asset to the British player. She is the first woman to coach a men's tennis player to a Grand Slam win and has been instrumental in Murray's comeback. During his training, Mauresmo was seen giving encouraging words to Murray, and it seems that her guidance has been paying off. Murray's mother, Judy, has also played a significant role in his success. Judy, who was a former professional tennis player herself, has been a constant presence by her son's side throughout his career. During his recent matches at the Australian Open, she has been spotted in the crowd, cheering her son on. Murray's quarter-final match against Kyrgios is expected to be intense. The Australian player is known for his aggressive playing style and has a powerful serve that can be hard to defend against. However, Murray has shown that he's up for the challenge, and his recent wins have proved that he's back in form. The last time Murray and Kyrgios faced off at a Grand Slam was at Wimbledon in 2015, where Murray won in four sets. Since then, both players' careers have taken different paths, with Murray taking a break due to injury and Kyrgios struggling with consistency. The Murray-Kyrgios match is set to take place on Tuesday, and tennis fans around the world are eagerly anticipating the outcome. Murray will need to bring his A-game to the court, but with his coach and mother by his side, he's ready for anything that Kyrgios throws at him.