article: LOS ANGELES, California (Reuters)  -- Massive dogs belonging to "Mission: Impossible" star Ving Rhames attacked and killed a live-in caretaker at the actor's Los Angeles home Friday, police said. A sign on the gate of actor Ving Rhames' home points out that a dog is on the premises. The caretaker, whose name was not released by authorities, was found dead on the front lawn of Rhames' gated home in an expensive Brentwood neighborhood, covered in dog bites, a Los Angeles police spokesman said. Several large dogs were running loose on the property when police responded to the scene shortly after 7:15 a.m. (10:15 a.m. ET) and animal control officers took three huge bull mastiffs and an English bulldog into custody. "It appeared that the person suffered a number of injuries as a result of the dog mauling," Sgt. Lee Sands said. "There were numerous dog bites all over his body, but the exact cause of death is pending the coroner's ruling." Sands said four dogs, the largest weighing nearly 200 pounds, were being quarantined as part of an investigation into the attack. He said it was not yet clear how many of the dogs had taken part in the mauling or why they had turned on the caretaker. The victim, who worked for Rhames for two years and lived on the property, was pronounced dead at the scene. Television pictures showed the body being removed from the scene, covered in a blanket. Neighbors said that they had never seen signs of aggression from the dogs. Representatives for Rhames, who is out of the country shooting a film, had no immediate comment. The 46-year-old actor is known for starring in "Pulp Fiction" and alongside Tom Cruise in all three "Mission: Impossible" movies. Rhames has a long list of film and television credits. He won a Golden Globe and Emmy nomination for starring as Don King in a 1997 TV movie about the flamboyant boxing promoter. The actor discussed dogs during a 1999 interview with the Los Angeles Times, describing a 1-year-old Fila Brasileiro (Brazilian Mastiff) he owned at the time as having been bred to guard slaves. "It was the only dog they found that had the temperament to guard a slave," Rhames said in the interview. "It could be around you every day, but if you tried to run away..." E-mail to a friend . Copyright 2007 Reuters. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
highlights: Dogs kill man at Ving Rhames' L.A. house . Man was caretaker at house . Rhames, known for "Mission: Impossible," not at home when attack occurred .
id: b72ffe4f84137d217311ca021f6a303ed1bb3730
chatgpt: A tragic incident has occurred at the Los Angeles home of actor Ving Rhames. According to reports, a man was killed by dogs at Rhames' residence. The victim, whose identity has not been released, was reportedly the caretaker of the property. The attack occurred while Rhames, best known for his roles in "Mission: Impossible" and "Pulp Fiction," was not at home. It is not clear how many dogs were involved in the attack or what breed they were. Neighbors reported hearing loud barking and commotion from Rhames' house on the day of the attack. One neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous, said, "We heard the dogs barking and growling, and then there was silence. It was really scary." The Los Angeles Police Department is investigating the incident, but has not yet released any further details. It is not known whether Rhames will face any legal repercussions in relation to the attack. Rhames has not yet commented publicly on the incident. It is also unclear whether he was aware of any issues with the dogs prior to the attack. The tragic incident serves as a reminder of the importance of responsible pet ownership. While dogs can be loyal and loving companions, they can also pose a risk to humans if not properly trained and socialized. It is not known if the dogs involved in the incident had a history of aggression or if they had been properly trained. Dog owners are urged to take the necessary steps to ensure that their pets are well-behaved and do not pose a risk to others. The incident has left many in shock and mourning for the victim. Our thoughts and condolences go out to their family and loved ones during this difficult time. We will continue to follow this story as more details emerge.