article: (CNN)He was a Taliban commander captured by the United States and held at Guantanamo Bay. But he was let go and returned to Afghanistan. Mullah Abdul Rauf went on to become a recruiter for ISIS in Afghanistan. He was killed in a drone strike Monday, two officials told CNN. Rauf and five others were killed, four of them Pakistani militants, said Mohammed Jan Rasoulya, the deputy governor of southern Helmand province. A senior Afghan security source confirmed Rauf's death. The Washington Post, in a headline last month, called him "the shadowy figure recruiting for the Islamic State in Afghanistan." The New York Times called him the "militant commander at the center of the concerns in Helmand Province" but said some local Taliban figures "dismiss claims" that he had established "a significant new Islamic State cell in Helmand Province." He was known to many with the name "Khadim" tacked on to the end of his name. "Until 9/11, the hard-nosed Khadim commanded (Taliban creator) Mullah Omar's elite mobile reserve force, fighting regime opponents all over Afghanistan," Newsweek wrote of Rauf in a 2011 list of list of most-wanted insurgents. "Arrested and sent to Guantanamo soon after the Taliban's collapse, he was released in late 2007, having convinced his jailers that he wanted only to go home and tend his farm. Escaping from house arrest in Kabul, he fled to Pakistan." Although the United States does not publicize the names of detainees at Guantanamo, a document posted by WikiLeaks showed that the United States recommended Rauf be "transferred to the control of another country for continued detention" as early as 2004. In a 2011 hearing of the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations -- part of the Armed Services Committee -- a lawmaker asked about Rauf and another former detainee. Ed Mornston, director of the Joint Intelligence Task Force of the Defense Intelligence Agency, responded that "there have been instances where detainees who have been transferred from Gitmo have reengaged and have been in the fight and have impacted the lives of U.S. service members. We do track that. I can't discuss that much further in this open session, but we do in fact know that that has happened."
highlights: Mullah Abdul Rauf was a Taliban commander released from Guantanamo Bay by the U.S. in 2007 . He became a recruiter for ISIS in Afghanistan, reports say . He was killed Monday in a drone strike, two officials say .
id: 10a77edc8fa65c2667d76d07c0b3e572b609f83f
chatgpt: On Monday, Mullah Abdul Rauf, a former Taliban commander who was released from Guantanamo Bay by the United States in 2007, was reportedly killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan. According to two officials, Rauf had become a recruiter for ISIS in the region. Rauf's release from Guantanamo Bay came as part of a diplomatic effort to ease tensions between the US and the Taliban. At the time of his release, Rauf was considered to be a low-level fighter with no significant ties to militant groups. However, over the years, Rauf reportedly became disillusioned with the Taliban and joined the ranks of the Islamic State. ISIS has been actively recruiting in Afghanistan for some time, and the group has been able to make significant inroads in the country. According to some estimates, there are now several thousand ISIS fighters operating in Afghanistan, primarily in the eastern part of the country. Rauf played a key role in the group's recruitment efforts, and his death is seen as a major blow to ISIS's presence in the region. Despite the loss, however, it is unlikely that ISIS will be deterred from continuing to operate in Afghanistan. In fact, some experts believe that ISIS may see Rauf's death as a rallying cry, and that the group may become even more determined to establish a foothold in Afghanistan. With the Taliban already a major presence in the country, the presence of another radical Islamist group could lead to increased instability and violence. The drone strike that killed Rauf has been praised by some as a successful strike against a high-profile target. However, others have criticized the use of drones, arguing that it can further radicalize populations and lead to civilian casualties. The debate over the use of drones is likely to continue, even as the fight against ISIS in Afghanistan intensifies. Despite the challenges posed by the group, it is clear that the international community is committed to working together to defeat ISIS and to promote stability and security in the region. Overall, the death of Mullah Abdul Rauf is a significant event in the ongoing conflict in Afghanistan. It remains to be seen what impact his death will have on ISIS's recruitment efforts in the region, but it is clear that ISIS remains a major threat to stability in Afghanistan and beyond.