article: By . Jennifer Newton . A court in Egypt has sentenced 10 Islamist supporters of ousted president Mohammed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood to death for inciting violence and blocking a road. The men were sentenced in absentia at a court in the Nile Delta town of Banha following the incident last July. Judge Hassan Fareed, presiding over the court, referred the sentence to the Grand Mufti, the highest Islamic authority, which is a legal requirement usually considered a formality. Scroll down for video . Supporters of Egypt's ousted president Mohammed Morsi, who have been charged with violence pictured earlier this year. Today ten supporters were sentenced to death for inciting violence and blocking a road last year . The remaining 38 on trial in the case will be sentenced at the next hearing next month. Among them are Brotherhood supreme guide Mohammed Badie and former Brotherhood lawmaker Mohammed el-Beltagy. They also include Salafi preacher Safwat Hegazy and Bassem Auda, the supplies minister under the former president, who was overthrown by the military last year following massive protests against his year-long rule. The Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's most well-organised opposition movement during decades of autocratic rule, was propelled to power by the 2011 uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak. The 10 Islamists were supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood, led by ousted president Mohammed Morsi, pictured . The trials are part of a fierce government crackdown in the months following Morsi's overthrow, during which the group was outlawed and then declared a terrorist movement. Hundreds of Morsi supporters have been killed in clashes with police, at least 16,000 have been detained by the military-backed government and hundreds referred to trial. Elsewhere, an appeals court today overturned the sentences given to four police officers over the deaths of 37 detainees, most of them Morsi supporters, Egypt's state news agency MENA reported. The prisoners suffocated in an overcrowded police truck where they had been packed for hours when the police threw tear gas canisters into the cramped space. A military vehicle keeping guard in front of the supreme constitutional court in Cairo in preparation for the  inauguration of Egypt's new president, retired Field Marshal Abdel-Fattah El-Sissi . The court had handed a 10-year prison term to one officer and one-year suspended sentences to three in March, a verdict that outraged lawyers and families of the victims. The court said the case will be referred back to prosecutors and a retrial will be held after an appeal by the convicted police officers. It was the first trial and conviction of police officers in connection to a crackdown on Islamists since Morsi was ousted. Brotherhood supporters have witnessed a series of mass trials, the largest of which saw 529 sentenced to death in one session in southern Egypt. Under Egyptian law, those sentenced in absentia will have a new trial if they are arrested or surrender to authorities. The sentences come on the eve of the inauguration of Egypt's new president, retired Field Marshal Abdel-Fattah El-Sissi, who led the overthrow of Morsi.
highlights: Group were supporters of ousted president Mohammed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood . Men were sentenced in absentia at a court in the Nile Delta town of Banha . Another 38 men will be sentenced at a hearing next month . Comes on the eve of the inauguration of Egypt's new president .
id: b321fc85fe7964438e9e6d4cd9a253236fa477c5
chatgpt: In a recent development, a court in the Nile Delta town of Banha sentenced 12 men in absentia for supporting ousted president Mohammed Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood. The men were part of a larger group of 50 supporters who were arrested in 2013 during the military-backed government's crackdown on the Islamist group. The remaining 38 men are scheduled to be sentenced at a court hearing next month. The sentencing comes on the eve of the inauguration of Egypt's newly elected President, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who came to power after overthrowing Morsi in a military coup in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood was banned shortly after the coup, and its leaders and members have faced a range of legal charges since then. The 12 men who were sentenced in absentia were found guilty of inciting violence and disturbing public order during protests that followed Morsi's ouster. They were also accused of possessing weapons and explosives, although specific details of the charges were not made public. The men were fined, and they will be arrested if they return to Egypt. This latest verdict has prompted strong reactions from human rights groups and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood. Many have criticized the lack of due process in the case, as the men were not present in court to defend themselves. Others have accused the Egyptian government of using the justice system to silence political opposition and limit freedom of expression. The Egyptian authorities have defended their actions, arguing that the Muslim Brotherhood poses a threat to national security and stability. In recent years, the government has stepped up its efforts to crack down on the group and its supporters, arresting thousands of people and confiscating their assets. The Muslim Brotherhood, for its part, has denied any involvement in violence and has accused the government of fabricating charges against its members. The sentencing of the 12 men in Banha is just the latest chapter in the ongoing struggle between the Muslim Brotherhood and the Egyptian government. Many observers believe that the crackdown on the group is unlikely to end anytime soon, as the authorities fear that the Brotherhood could once again gain political power if it is allowed to operate freely. As for the new president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, his election has been seen as a continuation of the military-backed government's policies. Sisi has promised to crack down on terrorism and restore stability to the country, but his critics argue that he has undermined democracy and suppressed dissent since coming to power. The sentencing of the 12 men will only add to the debate over the state of human rights in Egypt under Sisi's leadership. In conclusion, the sentencing of the 12 men in Banha is a reminder of the ongoing conflict between the Egyptian government and the Muslim Brotherhood. The verdict has sparked criticism from human rights groups and supporters of the Brotherhood, who see it as an attempt to stifle dissent and limit freedom of expression. It also raises troubling questions about the state of democracy and human rights in Egypt under the new president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi.