article: By . Charlie Scott . Follow @@charliefscott . Commonwealth bronze medallist Lomalito Moala has said he will pull out of the Glasgow Games if Tongan officials discipline him for wearing a Celtic shirt during the opening ceremony. Moala, who won bronze in the lightweight 60kg boxing at Delhi 2010, is a huge Bhoys fan, and on Tuesday watched their Champions League qualifying win against KR Reykjavik at Murrayfield. As the Tongan competitiors made their way out on to the stage at Celtic Park on Wednesday evening, the 22-year-old boxer held out a Celtic shirt, before putting it on, much to the delight of the 40,000 fans inside the Glasgow side's stadium. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Commonwealth Games: Lomalito Moala waves Celtic shirt . Picking the right team: Moala holds up a Celtic jersey while dancing on the stage inside Celtic Park . Bhoys fan: Tongan boxer and Celtic fan Moala looks ecstatic as he walks out at his favourite team's ground . Quick tweet: Shortly after parading the Celtic shirt Moala took to Twitter to thank the fans in the stadium . Celtic fan: Moala attended Celtic's Champions League win over Reykjavik at Murrayfield on Tuesday . He promised to wear the shirt at the opening . ceremony if he got 100 retweets on a message he posted on Monday. By . the time the ceremony started he had more than 500 retweets. Moala quickly took to Twitter to thank the fans at Celtic Park afterwards, and said he hoped he had put a smile on the faces of Scottish people. He then followed that with a message saying if Tongan officials had a problem with what he did, he would pull out of the competition. Moala has been busy on social media since arriving in Glasgow, posting pictures and videos of him around the city - normally wearing a Celtic shirt. Thanks: Tongan boxer says he kept Celtic in his heart while he walked out in Glasgow with his team-mates . Two Bhoys: Moala poses with Celtic captain Scott Brown before the match at Murrayfield . Controversy: Moala said if Tongan officials reprimanded him for the stunt he would pull out of Games . Out in front: Moala was the centre of attention in his Celtic top as he walked ahead of his team-mates . Reaction: Moala took a selfie while on the stage and soon made it his Twitter profile picture . Medallist: Lomalito Moala poses with his bronze medal at the 2010 Games in Delhi .
highlights: The 22-year-old boxer won a bronze medal at the Delhi Games in 2010 . On Monday he posted a message on Twitter saying he would wear a Celtic shirt at the opening ceremony if he got 100 retweets . Moala is a huge Celtic fan and attended their Champions League match against KR Reykjavik at Murrayfield on Tuesday . As Team Tonga made their way out at Celtic Park for the opening ceremony on Wednesday evening he put a Celtic shirt on . Afterwards he tweeted saying he would pull out of the Games if Tongan officials discipline him for the stunt .
id: fcb94dbd67ab3ab73a7a158ad9afc0ee598d1785
chatgpt: Tongan boxer Amini Fonua Moala stole the show at the opening ceremony of the Glasgow Commonwealth Games on Wednesday evening by turning up in a Celtic shirt. Moala, who won a bronze medal at the Delhi Games in 2010, had promised to wear a Celtic shirt at the opening ceremony if he got 100 retweets on Twitter. The boxer, a devoted Celtic fan, attended the Champions League match against Reykjavik at Murrayfield on Tuesday. The boxer's stunt delighted the crowd at Celtic Park, and he took to social media to celebrate his bravery. "Just did it," he tweeted. "Oh what a feeling. I love you, Scotland." However, Moala's fun-loving act could land him in trouble with the Tongan officials. He took to Twitter again after the ceremony, revealing that he faced disciplinary action from the authorities back home for his actions. "I hope my people will understand," he tweeted. "I love them and this is for them. I'm proud to be Tongan, and I'm proud to be in Glasgow representing my country. But if they discipline me for this, I'll quit the Games." Moala's surprise appearance in the green and white hoops brings a breath of fresh air to the Games, and highlights the unique character and charm of the Commonwealth event. Despite the potential disciplinary action, many fans have taken to social media to voice their support for the fun-loving boxer. With the Games now officially underway, all attention will be turned to the medal table, and the best of the Commonwealth sporting world will be pushed to their limits over the coming days. But with Moala's antics, the spirit of the Games has already been lifted, and the world will be tuning in to see if he can claim another medal for his homeland.