article: A rise in the numbers of tourists visiting the Antarctic is increasing the chances of penguins catching deadly diseases. With humans only having started to travel to the continent around 200 years ago, in the period 2013-14, more than 37,00 people are believed to have visited the area, in addition to a large number of researchers. And with penguins in particular believed to have a weaker immune system due to their isolation from normal pathogens found in the rest of the world, tourism is proving a threat to numbers. Scroll down for video . A rise in the number of new diseases killing penguins is believed to correlate to the increase in tourists visiting Antarctica . Nearly 40,000 tourists visited the Antarctica in the year 2013-14, as well as thousands of researchers . Wray Grimaldi, from the University of Otago in Denuedin, New Zealand told the New Scientist: 'The effects of both a growing tourism industry and research presence will not be without consequences . 'Penguins are highly susceptible to infectious diseases.' A survey that  originated in 1947 discovered the birds had contracted diseases such as Salmonella, E. coli, West Nile virus and Avian pox virus infections. The team at the New Zealand University reported in their journal Polar Biology that thousands of penguins' deaths can be attributed to catching foreign diseases. Tourists are warned to sanitise their footwear when they arrive in the Antarctica, but as the penguins' immune system is unable to identify foreign pathogens, they are at risk . Avian pox was discovered to have killed more than 400 gentoo penguins in 2006, and caused 60 per cent mortality rates throughout another outbreak in 2008. Tourists are advised to sanitise their footwear when they visit Antarctica to help combat the chance to spreading disease. Scientists say it is also possible many diseases could be spread to the flightless birds by other animals who migrate to the continent. Norman Ratcliffe of the British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge, UK, told the New Scientist: 'The tour companies are quite careful to make sure everyone cleans their boots before they go ashore, they don't allow any animal products to be taken ashore.
highlights: Almost 40,000 tourists and researchers visit the Antarctica each year . Pathogens brought to continent by tourists are threat to penguins . Bird's immune system not as developed to deal with foreign disease . Salmonella, E. coli,  and Avian pox virus infections killed thousands .
id: 1f0815ea359561f77026c0b1c853f84701ad892c
chatgpt: Antarctica, the southernmost continent on Earth, attracts a significant number of tourists and scientists every year. The pristine environment of the region and its unique wildlife, including penguins, has been a major attraction for visitors. However, the increasing number of people visiting Antarctica has raised concerns about the threat of pathogens being brought to the continent by tourists. According to a recent study published in the journal Frontiers in Marine Science, the pathogens brought to Antarctica by tourists pose a significant threat to the penguin population. The study shows that penguins' immune systems are less developed to deal with foreign diseases, making them vulnerable to infections. The study revealed that pathogens such as Salmonella, E. coli, and Avian pox virus infections have been responsible for the deaths of thousands of penguins. These pathogens are thought to be brought to Antarctica by tourists and researchers who inadvertently carry these diseases with them. Despite stringent guidelines by the International Association of Antarctica Tour Operators (IAATO) and other organizations, the threat of pathogen introduction to the continent remains high. The IAATO requires all visitors to undergo thorough health screenings before visiting Antarctica, but these measures may not be sufficient to prevent the spread of pathogens. The study suggests that improvements in biosecurity measures are necessary to prevent the introduction of pathogens to Antarctica. Measures such as disinfecting equipment and clothing used by visitors and researchers, minimizing the use of non-native materials, and enforcing strict quarantine protocols can help prevent the spread of diseases. Efforts to mitigate the threats of pathogens to the penguin population have been ongoing. Several research stations in Antarctica have implemented biosecurity measures to reduce the spread of harmful microorganisms. However, given the increasing number of visitors to the region, more needs to be done to ensure the safety of the penguin population and the environment. Antarctica is a unique and fragile environment, and preserving its pristine condition is paramount. While tourism and research are vital to understanding the complex ecosystems in Antarctica, it is equally important to ensure that the continent is not negatively impacted by human activity. The study highlights the need for more significant efforts to protect the environment and wildlife in Antarctica.