article: Scroll down for video . Shoppers at an eastern Massachusetts toy store are getting an early Christmas present: All their layaway bills totaling $20,000 have been paid off by an anonymous woman dubbed 'layaway angel.' Employees at the Toys R Us in Bellingham, about 40 miles southwest of Boston, told The Milford Daily News that the woman paid off all 150 of the store's layaway accounts Wednesday. Workers say the bubbly, older woman gave the store manager a hug and said: 'If you have it, give it.' She also told an employee that paying all the bills would help her sleep better at night. Generous: An anonymous 'layaway angel' spent $20,000 paying off every single layaway account at a Toys R Us store in Bellingham, Massachusetts, a spokesperson for the retailer said. Here shoppers pay at a checkout in New York during the Black Friday sales . Toys R Us spokesman Bjorn Trowery says the woman is one of many 'layaway angels' to pay off customers' bills at stores across the country in recent holiday seasons. The company released a statement saying 'this incredible act of kindness is a true illustration of holiday giving at its best.' Diane Brewer of Mendon told WFXT-TV that she was elated the woman paid off her layaway bill at the Bellingham store. The good deed means that she may not have to work extra shifts to pay for her son's Christmas presents. 'I have no words. I can't believe someone would do that. It's so nice,' she said. Emily Burlingame told NECN that she found out about the random acts of kindness when she went to pay her layaway balance this week. 'I just went to go pay, and (the cashier) said that the layaway angel took care of the balance,' she said. 'It's a very nice surprise. Thank you to the layaway angel. Very nice.' The store: The 150 layaway accounts were paid off at the Toys R Us in Bellingham, Massachusetts (pictured) Some shoppers said they were going to make donations to charity with the money they saved. Earlier this week it was announced that 10 Wall Street investment banks has been fined a total of $43.5 million for offering favorable research coverage in connection with a planned initial public offering of Toys R' Us back in 2010. Also this week, some Toys R' Us shoppers in Florida accused the retailer of 'ruining Christmas', claiming that only after they had ordered and paid for gifts online were they told the packages wouldn't be delivered until after December 25, according to WTSP. The 'layaway angels' have been known to pop up in recent years. In December 2013, one man, Greg Parady, spent $20,000 at a Toys R' Us in The Villages, Florida.
highlights: The 150 layaway accounts were paid off in Bellingham, Massachusetts . The woman wanted to stay anonymous . Said footing the bill would help her sleep at night . Some customers said they will donate the money they expected to spend .
id: 72c8747bdac2198549bc1af6f5e0e1f50ca39145
chatgpt: A kind-hearted woman in Bellingham, Massachusetts has paid off the layaway accounts of 150 customers at a local store. The woman, who wished to remain anonymous, quietly stepped forward to foot the bill for the accounts, which included toys, clothes, and other items. According to reports, the woman wanted to do something good for the community and felt that settling the layaway accounts would help her sleep better at night. The unexpected act of kindness came as a surprise to many customers who arrived at the store to find out that their layaway account had been paid in full. "I cried. I couldn't believe it,” said one customer, who had been saving for months to pay off her account. “I don't even know who she is. It was just amazing." For many recipients of the woman’s generosity, the act left a deep impression. Some have said they will pay it forward by donating the money they had planned to spend on their layaway accounts to charities or individuals in need. "I think it's an amazing thing that she did. It shows that people care about each other,” said another customer. "I'm going to take the money I was going to pay for my account and give it to someone who needs it more than me." The store owner was also touched by the woman’s gesture and expressed their gratitude on social media. "We are grateful for the many customers who surprise and delight us with their acts of kindness," the store wrote in a post. Layaway accounts are a popular option for customers who may not be able to afford the full cost of their purchases upfront. Customers can reserve items by making a down payment and then paying off the balance over time. The option is especially popular during the holiday season when many families are shopping for gifts and other items. The woman’s act of kindness has not only helped these families financially, but it has also shown them that there are still good people in the world who are willing to help others without expecting anything in return. The news of the woman’s generosity has also spread beyond the community, inspiring others to do their part in spreading kindness and hope during the holiday season. The woman’s simple gesture serves as a reminder to us all to look out for each other and to give generously when we have the means to do so. As the holiday season continues, may we all be inspired by this act of kindness and do our part to create a brighter and more hopeful world for everyone.