article: (CNN) -- A 13-year-old boy who had confessed to being an assassin for a Mexican drug cartel was among six people found murdered execution-style, authorities in the central Mexican state of Zacatecas have confirmed. The boy, identified as Jose Armando Moreno Leos by officials, was arrested only three weeks ago by the Mexican Federal Police, according to Arturo Nahle Garcia, state's attorney in Zacatecas. Get the latest news from CNN.com . "After being detained, he confessed to authorities that he had participated in at least 10 homicides and that he was somebody who was good at shooting with a high-caliber weapon," Nahle Garcia said. After his February arrest, the Federal Police released the boy into the custody of the Mexican Attorney General's Office, which later set him free in compliance with the law. The Mexican constitution prohibits the incarceration of anybody under the age of 14. The constitutional ban also applies to correctional facilities. Mexico reports more than 26,000 missing . According to Nahle Garcia, Moreno Leos missed a court appearance on February 20. "Only his mother appeared before the judge to say that she had lost control of her son after he left the house at about age 11," the prosecutor, said. The court appearance was to determine custody and measures to help the teenager leave behind a life of crime. The boy's body was found Thursday alongside a highway in the municipality of Morelos. The bodies of five other people, four females and one male, were also found at the same location. Officials say they had all been shot execution-style with high-caliber weapons. Blogger vows to fight despite threats . "They all appeared to be young people, but we're still in the process of positively identifying the bodies," Nahle Garcia said. This is not the first time a teenager has admitted being a hit man for organized crime in Mexico. In 2011, authorities arrested a 14-year-old boy, identified only as "El Ponchis" -- "The Cloak" -- who admitted on camera that he had brutally killed people. In a video obtained by CNN, he told a military interrogator that he had beheaded four people. El Ponchis was found guilty and sentenced to three years in a correctional facility, the maximum allowed under Mexican law. Speaking about the most recent incident, Nahle Garcia said he's not surprised. "It's really unfortunate, but we're seeing more and more young men who drop out of school and end up selling drugs on the streets," he said. "They all end up the same. They either end up in jail or the cemetery." Mexican police nab drug-launching cannon near border .
highlights: Jose Armando Moreno Leos, 13, last month had admitted being a hit man, authorities say . He was found this week murdered execution-style, a state's attorney says . He had been released from custody in compliance with Mexico's constitution .
id: 776010b98337dc5e953ec12f147011b98ecc4b88
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, 13-year-old Jose Armando Moreno Leos was found murdered execution-style just a few days ago. Authorities have revealed that the teenage boy had previously confessed to being a hitman, which has added an unexpected layer of complexity to an already tragic case. According to a statement given by a state's attorney, Leos had been released from custody in compliance with Mexico's constitution. It remains unclear whether this decision was made due to a lack of evidence or any extenuating circumstances, but it is a development that has been met with widespread criticism and disbelief. Many are wondering how it was possible for someone as young as Leos to become a hitman in the first place. Reports suggest that he had been recruited by a local gang and was paid to carry out various violent acts. It's a harrowing insight into the dangerous world that some young people are forced to navigate on a daily basis. Following his confession last month, Leos was placed in custody while the authorities carried out their investigation. However, it seems that they were unable to protect him from those who may have wanted to silence him. The manner of his death suggests that this was a calculated and deliberate act, one that was meant to send a message to others who might be thinking of speaking out. The news of Leos' murder has sent shockwaves throughout the community, with many calling for greater protection for minors who find themselves caught up in the world of criminal activity. It is a tragic reminder of the dangers that young people face when they become involved in illegal activities, and of the need for society to do more to prevent them from going down that path. While the circumstances surrounding Leos' release are still unclear, it is clear that he was failed by the system in some way. It is a heart-breaking situation that could have been avoided if more had been done to protect him and offer him a better future. As the investigation continues, there are many questions that need to be answered in order to make sense of this senseless tragedy. Until then, the community will continue to grieve for a young boy who deserved so much better than what he got.