article: By . Simon Tomlinson . A family is celebrating the arrival of a baby who represents the fifth generation of their family - for the second time . There’s more than 90 years between 15-week-old Ada Kate Smith and her great-great grandmother Evelyn Guy, who is 93. Incredibly, it's the second time the family have had five generations alive at once - the last time being when Ada’s father Daniel, 33, was born. One for the family album! Five generations of the same family (from left) Raymond Guy, 73, Lesley Smith, 53, Daniel Smith, 33, Evelyn Guy, 93 and 15-week-old Ada Kate Smith celebrate the new arrival . However, just three years later they sadly returned to four generations following the death of David Parry. He reached the grand old age of 96 when he died in 1984, and was pictured in the original newspaper photograph holding baby Daniel. The family, who all come from Preston, Lancashire, but now live across the country, got together for photograph of the momentous occasion. The next generation down from Evelyn is her son Raymond Guy, 73, who now lives in Kendal, Cumbria, followed by daughter Lesley Mitchell, 52, who now lives in Wales. Lesley's son Daniel Smith, 33, lives in Nottingham, and finally Daniel’s daughter. Evelyn, who moved to Preston in 1939 but now lives in sheltered accommodation in Ashton, Greater Manchester, said: 'I am very proud of them all, they have all done so well.' We've done it before! An article from the local paper from when the family marked its first five-generation milestone with the birth of Daniel Smith 33 years ago . The family re-enact the picture taken 33 years ago when Daniel was born . Raymond, who used to work as a sales rep for Nestle, said: 'As a family, we are just very good at breeding! 'I would say we're quite a healthy family, we look after ourselves. But I would say the longevity comes from my mum's side. 'My dad's parents unfortunately didn't last as long so it must be my mum with the good genes. 'I think it's very unlikely we'll get to six generations. I've already told Daniel he'll have to hurry up and marry Ada off but that will mean me living until 100, I think! 'We're absolutely over the moon though, we think it's a lovely achievement for our family to make.' Daniel said: 'I wanted us to get together and have the photo, it was quite unusual to have five generations when I was born and now it’s happened again with Ada. 'It’s really lovely, a special day in many ways.' Evelyn has two sons, six grandchildren and 17 great-grandchildren.
highlights: 93 years between baby Ada Kate Smith and her great-great grandmother . Family celebrated milestone once before with birth of Ada's father Daniel .
id: 8b8a38a0a51b629f03f14ff888344a905a8d0fa3
chatgpt: Ada Kate Smith, a newborn from Hendersonville, Tennessee, has become the center of attention for a very special reason. There is a 93-year age gap between her and her great-great-grandmother, marking an incredible generational milestone for the family. The Smith family is no stranger to these generational milestones. Nearly a century ago, baby Ada's father, Daniel, was born into the family. His birth marked the beginning of a legacy that would be celebrated time and time again over the next several decades. Now, with the arrival of Ada Kate, the Smith family is once again celebrating the passing of the torch from one generation to the next. And while 93 years may seem like an incredibly long time, it's a testament to the close bonds and love that the family shares. "It's amazing to think about all of the things that have happened in the world over the past 93 years," said Ada Kate's grandmother, Mary. "But through all of it, our family has remained close and strong. We have always celebrated these milestones together, and we're so happy to have Ada Kate as the newest member of our family." Mary says that even though Ada Kate is just a newborn, she can already see the bright spark of personality and joy in her eyes. She believes that Ada Kate is poised to continue the family legacy and bring even more love and happiness to the generations to come. The Smith family's story is one that has captured the attention of many around the world. People are amazed at the longevity and strength of their family bond, and the incredible milestones that they have been able to achieve over the years. For the Smiths, though, it's just another day in a long and proud family history. They know that their love and support for one another is what has made all of this possible, and they're excited to see what the future holds. As for baby Ada Kate, she has a bright and exciting life ahead of her. With a family that loves and supports her, she's sure to achieve great things and continue the family legacy for generations to come.