article: (CNN) -- Protesters demanding that the newly installed military government step aside clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso's capital on Sunday as regional leaders pleaded for calm. After the resignation of President Blaise Compaore -- who himself faced violent protests over his desire to extend his 27-year rule -- Burkina Faso's military took power. On Sunday, a huge crowd gathered in Ouagadougou, protesting the military government and demanding the return to constitutional rule. Gunfire erupted during clashes between the protesters and security forces near the location of the state news television channel, local journalist Ouezen Louis Oulon told CNN. On Saturday, the military consolidated its support behind Lt. Col. Isaac Yacouba Zida, who will serve as interim President until elections can be held. On Sunday, as the protests renewed, the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States called for peace and an orderly transition to democracy. Compaore resigned as President after initially vowing to stay until elections could be held, despite violent protests to his desire to extend his lengthy rule. His decision to step down "opens the necessary political space for all the stakeholders to work together to find a lasting resolution to the crisis facing the country," the head of the African Union, Dr. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, said in a statement. The African Union's Peace and Security Council will hold a meeting on Monday to discuss the crisis in Burkina Faso. Dlamini-Zuma said she prefers an agreement that will lead to a civilian-led transition toward elections for a new government. She called on Burkina Faso's military to place themselves at the disposal of civilian authorities. ECOWAS Chairman John Dramani Mahama offered a more general assessment, calling for all parties to "work in the overall interest of the people of Burkina Faso in order to guarantee peace and stability in the region." Demonstrators last week stormed Parliament, setting fire to the building. The protests came amid rising discontent about the high cost of living and Compaore's attempts to amend the country's constitution to help him extend his term. Compaore had been in office since he took power after a bloody coup in 1987. The country was formerly known as the Republic of Upper Volta when it was established in 1958 as a self-governing colony under France.
highlights: Protesters clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso's capital on Sunday . The protesters want the military government to step aside . The AU and ECOWAS call for peace and a transition to elections .
id: 5c543e081f73bd98f4f51d283fb65d664635a108
chatgpt: Protesters gathered in the streets of Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, on Sunday to demand that the military government step aside and make way for a civilian government. The rally quickly turned violent as protesters clashed with security forces. Riot police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse the crowd, while protesters threw rocks and burned tires. The situation became chaotic as gunshots were heard in different parts of the capital. The protesters are calling for an end to the military government that took power last year after former President Blaise Compaoré was ousted from power. They are demanding a transition to a civilian government, citing concerns over the military's ability to run the country effectively. The African Union and the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) have both called for peace and a transition to elections in Burkina Faso. The international community has expressed concern over the escalating violence and the potential for further instability in the country. The military government has promised to hold elections next year, but protesters are calling for a more immediate transition to a civilian government. The government has accused opposition groups of inciting the protests and attempting to destabilize the country. The latest protests come amid a wave of unrest in Burkina Faso. In recent months, there have been several deadly attacks by extremists linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State group. The situation has been further complicated by a dispute over the appointment of a new prime minister last month. The ongoing political and security crisis in Burkina Faso has raised concern among its neighbors and the international community. The country has become a key battleground in the fight against extremism in the Sahel region, and instability in Burkina Faso could have wider implications for the region. Despite the violence, some protesters remain committed to their cause. "We will not stop until we get our democracy back," said one protester. "We want a civilian government that represents the people, not the military." As the situation in Burkina Faso remains tense, the international community is calling for calm and a peaceful transition to democracy. The coming weeks and months will likely be crucial in determining the future of the country and the wider region.