article: Four California men arrested for plotting to join al-Qaeda and fight alongside the Taliban prepared for their violent jihad against Americans by training at a local paintball range, the FBI has revealed. FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said the defendants are under arrest for plotting to bomb government facilities and public places. According to the federal complaint . unsealed on Monday during initial appearances, 34-year-old Sohiel Omar . Kabir introduced two other California men to the radical Islamist . doctrine of Anwar al-Awlaki, the U.S.-born radical cleric who was killed . in a drone strike last year. Busted: Arifeen D. Gojali, left, and Ralph de Leon, right, were arrested for their roles in the alleged terror plot . Authorities allege Kabir traveled to Afghanistan and communicated with the two - 23-year-old Ralph Deleon and 21-year-old Miguel Alejandro Santana Vidriales - so he could arrange for their travel to join him and meet with his contacts for terror organizations. They later recruited 21-year-old Arifeen David Gojali. The complaint says Deleon and Santana told an FBI source of their plans to train in Afghanistan, kill U.S. soldiers there and engage in 'violent jihad.' The document also alleges the men . went to a shooting range several times to fire pistols. During a September 10 trip, Deleon told a confidential FBI source that he wanted to be on . the front lines overseas and use C-4 explosives in an attack. Santana agreed. 'I wanna do C-4s if I could put one . of these trucks right here with my, with that. Just drive into, like, . the baddest military base,' Santana said, according to the complaint, . adding that he wanted to use a large quantity of the explosive. Whispers of terror: The four suspects were reportedly influenced by the writings of U.S.-born radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed in a U.S. drone strike last year . Faces of terror: Gojali, left, was reportedly recruited later by DeLeon, right, and Miguel Alejandro Santana Vidriales . 'If I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna take out a whole base. Might as well make it, like, big, ya know,' Santana said. At the shooting range that day, both Santana and Deleon said they were excited about the rewards from becoming a shaheed, Arabic for martyr, according to the complaint. In addition to practicing with real weapons, the men also reportedly trained with paintball guns. The FBI says the men went to a paintball range to fire relatively harmless paintball guns at each other as part of their 'combat training.' Authorities allege Kabir traveled to Afghanistan and communicated with Santana and Deleon so he could arrange for their travel to join him and meet with his contacts for terror organizations. It wasn't immediately known if any of the men has an attorney. The FBI didn't immediately return a call seeking comment. If convicted, the defendants each face a maximum penalty of 15 years in federal prison. Targets: The men were allegedly plotting to fight alongside the Taliban against U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
highlights: Arrested were Sohiel Omar Kabir, 34; Ralph Deleon, 23; Miguel Alejandro Santana Vidriales, 21; and Arifeen David Gojali, 21 . Charged in alleged plot to attack Americans overseas . The four were reportedly influenced by the writings of radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki .
id: 192ab73bd6237badfa6081407d91a76ed6d14279
chatgpt: Four men were arrested and charged in an alleged plot to attack Americans overseas. Sohiel Omar Kabir, 34; Ralph Deleon, 23; Miguel Alejandro Santana Vidriales, 21; and Arifeen David Gojali, 21 were taken into custody after a lengthy investigation by law enforcement officials. According to sources, the four were reportedly influenced by the writings of radical Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed by a U.S. drone strike in Yemen in 2011. Al-Awlaki was a prominent figure in al-Qaeda and was known for his fiery sermons and speeches urging Muslims to take up arms against the West. The men allegedly plotted to travel overseas to join al-Qaeda and carry out attacks against Americans. They made several trips to a shooting range in California where they practiced their marksmanship skills and discussed their plans. Law enforcement officials were able to disrupt the plot after a lengthy investigation. The men were arrested in 2012, but their case has been delayed due to legal challenges. The trial is expected to focus heavily on the influence of al-Awlaki's teachings on the men. Prosecutors argue that the cleric's writings and speeches were a major factor in radicalizing the men and inspiring them to carry out violence. However, defense lawyers argue that the men were simply engaging in free speech and that their conversations and activities were not in themselves illegal. The case highlights the ongoing threat of terrorism and the need for law enforcement officials to remain vigilant in their efforts to combat radicalization. The internet has made it easier than ever for extremists to disseminate their message and reach a global audience. Al-Awlaki's teachings continue to inspire extremists around the world, and his influence on the four men is a reminder of the continued danger posed by his ideology. The trial is set to begin in the coming weeks and is expected to last several months. The outcome of the case will be closely watched as a test of the government's ability to prosecute cases involving radicalization and terrorism. Meanwhile, law enforcement officials have vowed to continue their efforts to disrupt and dismantle terrorist plots, both at home and abroad. The arrests of Kabir, Deleon, Vidriales, and Gojali are a testament to their ongoing success in this critical mission.