article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:54 EST, 21 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:26 EST, 22 July 2013 . It may be the last thing you are thinking about as you rush out of the door to work, but eating a good breakfast could really spice up your love life. As long as what is in your bowl  is SexCereal, that is – or so its makers claim. The firm behind a new muesli say it is nothing less than ‘passion in a bowl’, full of exotic ingredients that increase sexual desire. In fact, they claim eating just three tablespoons could leave you full of vigour all day long. No scientific evidence... But the sellers of SexCereal claim nevertheless that eating just three tablespoons of the stuff will leave you full of vigour all day long . A spokesman for retailer Firebox.com added: ‘Please use it  in moderation, otherwise you’ll  be climbing up the walls by lunchtime.’ The £9.99 cereal, which is going on sale in Britain for the first time, comes in two special mixtures for men and women. The spokesman said: ‘Select your preferred formula, follow the surprisingly small serving suggestion and just add milk or yoghurt.’ Designed to boost your energy  and hormone levels, SexCereal contains cacao beans and maca powder, a ground plant root with purported aphrodisiac qualities. The women’s cereal is a mixture of ginger, almonds, cranberries, sunflower seeds, oat bran, flax seeds and chia plant seeds. The male version uses bee pollen, wheat germ, black sesame seeds, blueberries, goji berries and camu camu – a fruit which is high in vitamin C. Creator Peter Ehrlich said: ‘If you have a bowl, you’re not going to get aroused in 20 minutes. ‘But SexCereal is real, honest, nutritious and tastes great.’ He added that he came up with the idea at a vegan food fair, where he saw foods aimed at solving a range of health problems – but none that boosted sexual health. After several months on shelves, the cereal has gained a strong following in America. However, nutritionist Dr Carrie Ruxton warned: ‘There is no scientific evidence any food or nutritional substance can have an impact on your sex drive.’
highlights: Firm behind SexCereal claims three tablespoons will leave you full of vigour . It comes in two varieties specially formulated for men and women . But nutritionist warns there is 'no scientific evidence' to back its claims .
id: 01c742719fe8db99b3c381b80ed956d4e5e9ff05
chatgpt: Toronto-based company, SexCereal, claims that its product can give men and women a boost in their sexual performance. According to the firm, consuming just three tablespoons of SexCereal will leave people feeling full of vigour. The company offers two different varieties - one formulated for men and the other for women. However, despite these claims, some nutritionists warn that there is no scientific evidence to support them. Some experts argue that these claims could be harmful to consumers, as they may encourage people to rely on supplements rather than focusing on a healthy and balanced diet. SexCereal has been around since 2013, but it has recently become the subject of increased scrutiny due to its claims about sexual performance. The company's founder, Gerry Graf, says that he developed the cereal after researching the ingredients that are known to improve sexual function. The male version of SexCereal contains pumpkin seeds, maca root, and cacao nibs, among other ingredients. Graf claims that these ingredients can help to boost testosterone levels and improve blood flow to the penis. The female version of the cereal contains ingredients such as figs, chia seeds, and chocolate chunks, which are said to promote improved blood flow to the genitals and increase lubrication. However, some experts argue that there is no scientific evidence to support the claims made by SexCereal. In fact, some studies have shown that many supplements marketed for sexual enhancement do not actually work. Some nutritionists also warn that relying on supplements could mask underlying health issues that may need to be addressed. Despite these concerns, SexCereal continues to be popular among some consumers. The company's website claims that its products have been featured in various media outlets, including The Dr. Oz Show, and have received positive reviews from many customers. In conclusion, while SexCereal may have some appeal to those looking for a boost in their sexual performance, experts caution that there is no scientific evidence to back up the company's claims. With this in mind, consumers should approach products such as SexCereal with caution and be sure to maintain a healthy and balanced diet in order to achieve optimal health.