article: (CNN) -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords has been released from the hospital in Houston, Texas, and expects to begin outpatient treatment soon, according to a statement released Wednesday by TIRR Memorial Hermann. Giffords was shot in the head January 8 during a mass shooting incident in Arizona. She is expected to move into her home in League City, Texas, where she will continue rehabilitation therapy. "We are very excited that she has reached the next phase of her rehabilitation and can begin outpatient treatment," said Dr. Gerard Francisco, the hospital's chief medical officer. Francisco will continue to supervise Giffords' case. Giffords will still get intensive therapy as an outpatient and will work with the same rehab team that has been with her from the beginning, the statement said. She has been at TIRR Memorial Hermann since late January. "Gabby gives her all to everything she does, and that's exactly what she's been doing at TIRR since January 26," said Navy Capt. Mark Kelly, Giffords' husband. "The remarkable progress she has made since then is a testament to both her single-minded determination to get better and the team of medical professionals overseeing her care." Jared Lee Loughner, 22, is charged in the mass shooting in which six people were killed and 13 others, including Giffords, were wounded in front of a Safeway grocery story in Tucson, Arizona. A federal judge ruled last month that Loughner is not competent to stand trial. His next court date is scheduled for September 21. Giffords' road to recovery has been marked by a number of public milestones, including a trip to see the space shuttle launch that carried her husband on a 16-day mission in May and the recent release of new photos showing a smiling, relaxed Giffords. When the photos were posted on Giffords' Facebook page, she received an outpouring of well wishes. "You are so special," Facebook poster, John Evanchik, wrote. "And you have so much courage and fortitude that I am so proud to say that you are a real role model for so many people who, in their circumstance, they probably give up, but not you, Congresswoman. Yes, God has blessed you." The photos were taken prior to Giffords' May 18 surgery to replace a portion of her skull removed earlier to relieve pressure on her brain. Francisco said Wednesday that doctors are enthusiastic about Giffords' recovery and expect it to continue to go well. "Living and working in a rehab facility for five months straight has been especially challenging for her," Kelly said in the hospital statement. "She will still go to TIRR each day but from now on, when she finishes rehab, she will be with her family."
highlights: NEW: Husband, "She will be with her family." Giffords expects to begin outpatient therapy soon . She has been in the hospital since January . Giffords continues to recover from a head shot wound .
id: bdc2e515ded95217d1472fb1408dee79f0bcf89c
chatgpt: Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, who has been recuperating from getting shot in the head for the last few months, is expected to begin outpatient therapy soon. According to her husband, Mark Kelly, "she will be with her family." Giffords had been under medical supervision in the hospital since January and has been reportedly making steady progress towards recovery. The tragic incident which took place in Tucson, Arizona in January 2011, shocked not only the nation but the entire world. Six people lost their lives in the mass shooting, while Giffords' injuries left her with impaired speech, vision, and movement. However, she remained resilient throughout her journey to regain her strength and her voice. Giffords’ life story has been marked by a remarkable level of perseverance ever since her election to Congress in 2006. Her grit and determination in the face of adversity make her a source of inspiration for many. Her recent progress has been nothing short of impressive. The fact that she is now ready to start outpatient therapy is a milestone in her recovery journey. Giffords' husband, Captain Mark Kelly, is a retired U.S. Navy combat pilot and NASA astronaut. He has been by her side throughout her recovery process. He has been a strong supporter of her rehabilitation and regularly gives updates on her progress. In a recent statement, he expressed his joy about the fact that Giffords would soon be able to spend more time with the family. Despite surviving the assassination attempt, Giffords' journey to recovery has been long and arduous. However, it is a journey that she has managed to navigate with remarkable aplomb. Her strength of character and the unwavering support of her family and friends have been critical to her success. Her case has also been a reminder of the importance of mental health and the need for society to be more vigilant and proactive in addressing it. It has also highlighted the need for stricter gun control laws in order to reduce the risk of such incidents happening in the future. As Giffords continues her journey to recovery, her story will continue to inspire millions around the world. She is an embodiment of strength and determination, and her achievements are nothing short of remarkable. She has shown the world that with the right support and a lot of hard work, one can overcome even the most challenging obstacles.