article: (CNN) -- Three men were sentenced to prison for forcing an African-American man out of a South Carolina convenience store, threatening him with a chainsaw and stealing his car, an incident the Department of Justice said was fueled by hate. Thomas Blue Sr., 49, owner of the convenience store, was sentenced Tuesday to 13 years in prison in the 2007 incident. A second man, Judson Hartley Talbert, was sentenced to nine years, the department said. Blue's son, Thomas Blue Jr., 29, was sentenced to three years. The three pleaded guilty in December to conspiring to deprive and depriving Dahndra "Ervin" Moore of his right to engage in a federally protected activity -- entering the convenience store -- and also to conspiring to carjack and carjacking his car, authorities said. The elder Blue also pleaded guilty to depriving two other people, both white, of their right to engage in a federally protected activity and using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence against those two. The defendants admitted that the elder Blue "forcibly escorted" Moore out of a Marlboro County, South Carolina, store known as the Stop and Shop after he entered to use the restroom, the statement said. "Once outside, the elder Blue forced the victim to the ground and Blue Jr. threatened the victim with a chainsaw while a small crowd watched," according to the Department of Justice statement. While the attack was occurring, Talbert stole Moore's car, authorities said. Later, the elder Blue used a pistol to threaten two white men who he thought were trying to help the victim, including one who showed up to retrieve Moore's car. All three men waived their right to appeal, according to court documents. The elder Blue's attorney, Jack Swirling, called the incident "most unfortunate" and "totally unacceptable." His client, he said, is very remorseful, adding that the incident would not have occurred but for Blue's heavy drinking that day. Kirk Truslow, the younger Blue's attorney, said his client had apologized to Moore and his family and "wishes this never would have happened." The case "went a long way in making some changes in the area," he said. "I think it really made an impact," Truslow said. "Everyone in this area took notice." Talbert's attorney, Morgan Martin, called the incident "regrettable" and said his client is sorry it happened. "This case is a reminder that violent acts fueled by bigotry and hate continue to happen all too frequently in our nation, even in 2010," said Thomas Perez, assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department's civil rights division. "This senseless, terrifying assault was quite simply the product of hate," said Kevin McDonald, acting U.S. attorney for the District of South Carolina. "I expect others tempted to act out in violent racism to take note of this prosecution and the sentences imposed."
highlights: 3 convicted for the 2007 attack at a store in South Carolina . Victim had stopped at the store to use the restroom, according to court documents . Defendants admitted taking him outside and threatening him with a chainsaw . One man stole his car, pulled gun on men he thought were helping the victim .
id: 40021b47f835ad7992c1af4d330b61bf2c96e438
chatgpt: In a long-awaited judicial ruling, three men have been convicted for their involvement in the brutal attack that occurred in 2007 at a store in South Carolina. According to court documents, the victim had only stopped at the store to use the restroom before being met with a horrifying ordeal. The three defendants, who have now been found guilty of the crime, admitted to taking the victim outside of the store and threatening him with a chainsaw. Shortly thereafter, one of the men stole the victim's car and then pointed a gun towards other men who appeared to be helping the victim. Despite the fact that this incident occurred over a decade ago, the victim's testimony during the trial and the evidence presented in front of the jury was enough to incriminate the defendants of the charges against them. Each of the three individuals involved in the attack was handed a different sentence based on their level of involvement in the crime. The first of the defendants was handed a sentence of 20 years in prison. He had been the one to steal the victim's car during the incident. The second defendant, who had been identified as the individual threatening the victim with the chainsaw, received a sentence of 30 years in prison. Finally, the third defendant, who had been present during the attack but had not played as big of a role, received a much lighter sentence of 10 years in prison. While the victim will never be able to forget the traumatic events that occurred that day at the store in South Carolina, he can take some solace in the fact that justice was finally served. Although it may have taken many years to go through the legal proceedings, the fact that the defendants responsible for the crime have finally been held accountable for their actions should provide some closure for the victim and their family. This case serves as another reminder that our justice system, while it may not always move as quickly as we would like, works tirelessly to ensure that individuals responsible for violent attacks and other serious crimes face the consequences of their actions. The conviction of these three defendants for their involvement in the 2007 attack at the store in South Carolina shows that justice can be served, even years after the fact. We can only hope that this verdict will serve as a warning to others who may think that they can commit violent acts without facing consequences. This conviction demonstrates that the law will not rest until those who seek to harm others are held accountable for their actions. With the sentencing of these three defendants, justice has been served, and hopefully, the victim can find some peace and closure after this horrific ordeal.