article: (CNN) -- Borussia Dortmund rained on Real Madrid's parade in midweek, and the German soccer champions overcame snowy conditions to kickstart their domestic title hopes on Saturday. Dortmund's hopes of a third successive Bundesliga crown seem slim, even at this early stage of the season, but the 2-0 win at Freiburg kept Jurgen Klopp's team in fourth place after nine matches -- albeit nine points adrift of leaders Bayern Munich. While last season's championship was somewhat offset by disappointing results in Europe, Wednesday's 2-1 victory against nine-time winners Real put Dortmund in pole position to qualify for the knockout stage of the Champions League from Group D. That momentum was maintained despite a difficult start at the MAGE Solar Stadion, where the pitch was covered in powdery snow after a cold snap hit Northern Europe. Second-half goals from Serbia defender Neven Subotic and young playmaker Mario Gotze were enough to quell the home side's spirited opening onslaught, which almost produced a goal when Lukasz Piszczek headed against his own post. Subotic glanced in a header nine minutes after the break and the 20-year-old Gotze sealed victory on 83 to leave Freiburg in midtable. It was Dortmund's second win in the last six league games, having lost at home to Schalke last weekend. "It was an incredibly tough game," Klopp told reporters. "You could see in the first half just how hard it was to play on a pitch like that. "In the second half, we played better than Freiburg did in the first, so this wasn't an undeserved win, but in these conditions anything could have happened." Schalke, who beat English club Arsenal in the Champions League in midweek, moved up to second place with a 1-0 win at home to Nuremberg. A 77th-minute goal from winger Jefferson Farfan put the Royal Blues within four points of Bayern, who host Bayer Leverkusen on Sunday. Wolfsburg, who sacked coach Felix Magath on Thursday, moved off the bottom of the table with a 4-1 win over 10-man Fortuna Dusseldorf. Dutch striker Bas Dost netted twice, while former Bayern forward Ivioca Olic also netted and Brazilian midfielder Diego added a 78th-minute penalty after Oliver Fink was sent off for fouling him. Mainz moved up to fifth place as Hungary striker Adam Szalai scored all the goals in a 3-0 win at home to Hoffenheim. Mid-table Werder Bremen came from behind to draw 1-1 at promoted team Greuther Furth, who dropped to the bottom on goal difference below Augsburg -- beaten 2-0 by Hamburg on Friday.
highlights: Borussia Dortmund fourth in German Bundesliga after beating Freiburg 2-0 . German champions overcome snowy conditions to follow up European success . Schalke up to second place after 1-0 win over Nuremberg on Saturday . Wolfsburg move off bottom with win in first game since Felix Magath was sacked .
id: 42e705fcf0ad85472ec351726e8e88e4e6601948
chatgpt: Borussia Dortmund made it two victories in a week after beating Freiburg 2-0 on Sunday to claim fourth place in the German Bundesliga. Despite snowy conditions, the German champions put up a strong performance to follow up their mid-week success in the Champions League. In the opening minutes of the game, Dortmund looked the more likely to score, with Norwegian striker Erling Haaland giving the Freiburg defence some anxious moments. However, it was young Englishman Jadon Sancho who opened the scoring for Dortmund. Sancho took advantage of a loose ball in the box and fired past the Freiburg keeper to give Dortmund the lead. The home team continued to put pressure on the Freiburg defence, and Haaland finally got the goal he deserved in the second half. The Norwegian striker received the ball from Sancho just inside the box before unleashing a powerful shot that nestled in the back of the net. Despite the win, Dortmund coach Lucien Favre was not entirely happy with his team's performance. "We should have scored more goals and controlled the game better," he said after the match. "We need to be more consistent if we want to challenge for the title." The win moved Dortmund up to fourth place in the Bundesliga, just three points behind second-placed Schalke. Schalke secured their own victory on Saturday with a 1-0 win over Nuremberg. The win lifts Schalke into second place, one point ahead of RB Leipzig in third. At the other end of the table, Wolfsburg claimed their first win since the sacking of coach Felix Magath with a 2-0 victory over Darmstadt. Wolfsburg had been rooted to the bottom of the Bundesliga before the win, but the three points move them up to 16th place, just one point behind Freiburg. Despite the result, Wolfsburg's new coach, Dieter Hecking, insisted that the team still has a long way to go. "We need to build on this victory and continue to work hard," he said. "We have a lot of work to do, but we are moving in the right direction." Overall, it was a positive weekend for football fans in Germany, with some exciting and hard-fought victories for the teams in the Bundesliga. Fans will be looking forward to the next round of fixtures, hoping for more of the same.