article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- "Please set him free" read the plea in stark black print on the front page of the New Express newspaper based in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou. In a bold move, the paper openly defied Chinese authorities this week by asking for the release of one its reporters, who has been detained by police in Hunan province. The move garnered sympathy online and China's media regulator vowed to protect "lawful reporting rights," according to the state-run China Press and Publishing Media group. Chen Yongzhou was arrested on Saturday, police in the provincial capital Changsha said, months after the newspaper ran stories by Chen that claimed that a Hunan-based company Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology falsified sales numbers. The state-run company, which did not respond to a call for comment, makes construction equipment. The police said he had been arrested for damaging a business' commercial reputation, without giving further details. A police spokesman in Changsha contacted by CNN declined to comment. In May, Zoomlion temporarily suspended trading in its Hong Kong-listed shares to address allegations made in one of Chen's articles. In a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange, it said that all allegations relating to fictitious sales were "false, groundless and misleading." The paper said on Wednesday that it had verified all of Chen's stories about Zoomlion and only found one discrepancy: He wrote the company spent 513 million yuan on advertisements, when that money had been spent on "advertisements and entertainment." "If Brother Policeman can find any evidence of shabby reporting on our part, please make notice of it and we will gladly doff our hat," the newspaper said according to a translation published by the University of Hong Kong's China Media Project. "Because we still believe that — some day, at least — you will have the same full respect for the law that we have." Open resistance by Chinese media against intimidation by authorities is rare but not unprecedented. In January this year, crowds gathered in Guangzhou in support of a protest by journalists against alleged government censorship. Journalists at the Southern Weekly paper claimed that an editorial calling for political reform was rewritten by censors as a tribute to Chinese Communist Party rule. The New Express released a statement from Chen's wife, who said that Chen was taken from his home in a black Mercedes Benz with Hunan license plates. "My... life stopped at the moment," she said. On social media site Weibo, Chen's colleagues described him as a talented and hardworking business reporter, who ate instant noodles and couldn't afford to take his wife to Pizza Hut. "We are very grateful that the society has given a lot of attention on this," a spokesperson for the New Express newsroom told CNN. CNN's Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .
highlights: Chinese paper New Express calls for journalist's release . Chen Yongzhou was arrested for damaging a business' reputation . He wrote series of articles alleging false sales at a construction equipment maker . Chinese newspapers rarely challenge authorities .
id: b41c42846d14a03de253ddefca42c58bf08666be
chatgpt: The New Express, a Chinese newspaper, recently published an editorial calling for the release of one of its journalists, Chen Yongzhou. Chen was arrested on charges of damaging a business' reputation after writing a series of provocative articles alleging false sales at a construction equipment maker. This move by the newspaper was surprising to many as Chinese newspapers are usually unwilling to challenge authorities on controversial issues or speak out against their actions. However, the New Express was adamant that Chen's arrest was unjust and that he should be released immediately.  Chen's arrest was made after he published a series of articles that claimed Zoomlion, a major construction equipment maker, had been misleading its investors. Zoomlion is a major Chinese construction equipment manufacturer that is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Chen's articles were critical of the company and led to a significant drop in its stock price. The New Express editorial stated that while it respected the government's crackdown on corruption, it felt that Chen's arrest was a violation of his rights as a journalist. The paper called on the government to respect the freedom of the press and to release Chen immediately. Many in China have expressed support for the New Express's position. Some have gone further, calling for more freedom of the press and less government interference in the media. However, others have criticized the newspaper for challenging the government and have called for Chen to be held accountable for his actions. The New Express is known for its investigative journalism and has a reputation for being one of the more daring newspapers in China. However, this move to challenge the authorities is unprecedented and has put the paper in a difficult position. Chinese authorities have been cracking down on corruption and have been particularly sensitive to any criticism of their efforts. While the government has not commented on the case, many fear that the newspaper and its staff could face repercussions for their actions. Journalists in China have long been subject to tight controls by the government, and many have been arrested or intimidated for speaking out against the authorities. This case has brought attention to the growing concerns over press freedom in China and the need for more transparency and accountability in the media. In conclusion, the New Express's call for Chen Yongzhou's release has brought attention to the need for more press freedom in China. While some have criticized the newspaper for challenging the government, others have expressed support for its position. The case has highlighted the difficulties faced by journalists in China and the need for more transparency and accountability in the media.