article: By . Craig Mackenzie . PUBLISHED: . 07:35 EST, 19 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:35 EST, 19 October 2013 . George Osborne has called on Britain to 'up our game' after claiming the country had lost the sense of ambition and optimism it had in the Victorian age . The Chancellor said the country had become 'defeatist' and had to change its attitude to communist China and its 'staggering' economic rise. As he prepared to leave Hong Kong after a five-day tour, Mr Osborne claimed Britain had allowed 'the bits that were great' to wither. On tour: George Osborne talks to workers at a nuclear power plant in Taishan, southeastern China's Guangdong province which is jointly run with EDF . 'Staggering' progress: The Chancellor chats to Taishan plant general manager Guo Liming as he inspects a nuclear reactor under construction . In an interview with the Daily Telegraph, he criticised Ed Miliband for describing China as a 'sweatshop' economy and hit back at critics of the regime who claimed it posed a threat to British interests. 'I feel a . bit like, my God, we’ve really got to up our game as a country, and the . whole of the West has to understand what is happening here in Asia,' he said. 'I do think there’s an ambition in the . country and a sense of optimism and 'can do’ which our country had in . the Victorian age and had at other points in our history.' His trip, the first by a senior British politician after a row over David Cameron’s meeting with the Dalai Lama last year, may pave the way for a visit to Beijing by the Prime Minister next year. Food for thought: Osborne chats with Chinese workers as he queues up at a canteen during his inspection of the nuclear reactor . Mr Osborne said that thanks to the coalition Britain was recovering the ambition and optimism that marked its economic growth in the 19th century and under Margaret Thatcher. He added: 'Somewhere along the line in . Britain there were bits that were great about British industry that we . allowed to wither.' Britain could match the energy shown by Chinese development in science and technology and the 'hotbed' of entrepreneurs . He told the Telegraph's Benedict Brogan: 'We’ve got to start by understanding that China is an ancient civilisation with a long and proud history. 'If you start by understanding that and treating that with respect that’s a good place to begin. China is what it is. And we have to either be here or be nowhere.' Mr Osborne told the paper that he is ready soon to separate the Royal bank of Scotland £50-60 billion in 'bad' assets so that it can return to the private sector.
highlights: Chancellor claims the country has allowed 'the bits that were great' to wither . He criticises Miliband for calling China a 'sweatshop' economy .
id: 5c4b5c8597b41ef8e08e901ba014ea3116a153c4
chatgpt: Chancellor Criticizes Miliband for 'Sweatshop' Remark and Claims the Country has Allowed 'the Bits that Were Great' to Wither The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, has criticized the leader of the opposition, Ed Miliband, for calling China a "sweatshop" economy. In an interview with the Financial Times, Osborne said that such a remark shows a "lack of understanding" about the Chinese economy, and that it is the "wrong way" to approach China. Osborne's comments came as he discussed the UK's economic policy towards China, and how to forge closer ties with the world's second largest economy. "We need to understand that China is a different economic model to the West," he said. "It is a mixed economy, with elements of communism and elements of capitalism. We need to work with that." The Chancellor also criticized the Labour Party for its approach to the economy. "They [Labour] want to go back to the 1970s, when the state controlled everything," he said. "This is not the way to create jobs and growth. We need to focus on the private sector, and create the conditions for businesses to invest and grow." Osborne claimed that the country has allowed "the bits that were great" to wither, and that it must now "rebuild our industrial base." He also stated that the UK must "control our own destiny" by developing new industries and becoming less dependent on imports. "We need to focus on making sure that the UK is a great place to do business," he said. "This means investing in infrastructure, cutting red tape, and creating a low-tax economy. We also need to make sure that we have a skilled workforce that is capable of producing the goods and services that the world needs." The Chancellor's comments follow a recent report by the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) which called for the UK to establish a new economic model. The report argues that the country must move away from its current reliance on services and consumer spending, and instead focus on "building a more balanced economy." The report suggests that the UK must develop new industries in areas such as renewable energy, digital technology, and advanced manufacturing. It also calls for a national infrastructure plan, a simplification of the tax system, and greater support for small and medium-sized businesses. Osborne said that he welcomed the report, and that it confirms the Government's own economic strategy. "We are committed to rebuilding the UK's industrial base, and creating the conditions for businesses to invest and grow," he said. "The CBI's report highlights the importance of this work, and we are ready to take it forward." In conclusion, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has criticized the opposition for their approach to the economy, and has called for a new economic model that focuses on the private sector and the development of new industries. He has also criticized the country for allowing "the bits that were great" to wither, and has pledged to rebuild the UK's industrial base.