article: (CNN) -- Authorities have identified seven of the 10 people who died following a crash at an air show in Reno, Nevada, on Friday. The list includes the pilot, 74-year-old Jimmy Leeward, who lost control of his vintage plane before it plummeted into a crowd of spectators. Seven people, including the pilot, were killed on the tarmac, while three others died at area hospitals. Almost 70 people were injured. The six others identified are Joseph Wogan, 22, of Arizona; George and Wendy Hewitt of Washington state; Regina Bynum, 53, of Texas; Sharon Stewart, 47, of Nevada; and Gregory Morcom, 47, from Washington state. Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board announced Sunday that the small World War II-era plane was equipped with data and video recording devices that they hope to use to help determined what happened and why. NTSB member Mark Rosekind described the devices, as well as the discovery of information and pieces that may have come from the devices, as "significant new information." It was also not entirely expected, given the size and nature of the P-51 aircraft. "I'm not aware of a lot of aircraft having it, this is the first one I came across," said Howard Plagens, the NTSB official heading the investigation. Plagens was referring to a "box" that recorded key variables such as altitude, latitude and oil pressure. In addition, there was an outward-facing video camera on the plane, according to Rosekind. Several memory cards have been found at the wreckage site that may have come from either device and will be sent to the NTSB laboratory in Washington for a full analysis, Rosekind said. They may belong to some of the 200,000 spectators who were at the annual National Championship Air Races and Air Show. Investigators do have a copy of the "box" data, since it was sent in real time by telemetry to sources outside the aircraft. Besides the cards, Rosekind said, parts of a plane's tail, an "elevator trim tab" and video camera fragments have been found. "There were thousands of pieces of debris," Plagens said, explaining how the site had been laid out in a grid system to help organize the investigation. As with the memory cards, one of the authorities' first goals will be to determine whether these came from the plane. Countering earlier reports, Rosekind said Sunday that Leeward did not send a "Mayday call," indicating he was in distress. Investigators have repeatedly stated that it is not known why the aircraft nosedived. Some speculation has surrounded the elevator trim tab, which was breaking apart prior to the crash, a photograph shows. Investigators also will pore over "a tremendous (amount of) video that was captured" at the scene, according to Rosekind. A preliminary report will be available Friday, but Rosekind has said the full investigation could take six to nine months. "It's not just what happened, it's why it happened," he said Sunday. "(We're) trying to make sure this doesn't happen again."
highlights: 10 people died from the crash . Almost 70 people were injured . The downed plane had video and data recording devices, an NTSB official says . It's unclear why the aircraft crashed, investigators have said .
id: 4f64c5ac45c76d9ede23e132127121574fe62801
chatgpt: Tragedy struck on Sunday afternoon as a plane carrying 80 passengers and crew members crashed during takeoff from a local airport. The incident left 10 people dead and almost 70 injured, some critically. The downed aircraft, a Boeing 737, had video and data recording devices that have been recovered and are being analyzed by investigators. Although it's still unclear what caused the crash, officials from the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) have opened an investigation into the incident. The NTSB is responsible for investigating accidents and making recommendations to improve transportation safety. According to witness accounts, the aircraft appeared to be struggling during takeoff, wobbling back and forth, before plummeting into a nearby field. Emergency medical services arrived on the scene within minutes and began transporting the injured to local hospitals for treatment. In a press conference, NTSB official John Smith said that the video and data recording devices may provide some insight into what led to the crash. "We are still in the early stages of our investigation, but we hope that the data we have recovered will shed light on the events leading up to this tragic incident," he said. Further examination of the wreckage has revealed that the plane's engines suffered some damage, but the cause of that damage is yet to be determined. The NTSB will conduct a thorough examination of the engines and other components of the aircraft to determine what led to the crash. Meanwhile, the families of those killed and injured in the crash are struggling to come to terms with what has happened. Community members have organized vigils and memorial services to honor the victims and provide support for those who are grieving. Local authorities have also offered condolences and support to the families of the victims. "This is a tragedy that has affected our community deeply," said Mayor Sarah Johnson. "Our thoughts and prayers are with those who have lost loved ones or who are still recovering from their injuries." As the investigation continues, aviation experts are weighing in on what may have led to the crash. Some have suggested that mechanical failure or pilot error could be to blame, while others say that weather conditions may have played a role. Whatever the cause, the crash is a reminder of the risks involved in air travel and the importance of safety measures and regulations. The NTSB will undoubtedly use the findings from the investigation to improve safety standards and prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. In the meantime, the community is rallying around those affected by the tragedy, offering support and comfort during this difficult time. As more information becomes available, the public will be updated on the progress of the investigation and any new findings related to the cause of the crash.