article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 14:22 EST, 20 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:25 EST, 20 March 2013 . Comedian Jim Davidson has been arrested again by detectives . investigating the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal following further . allegations of sex offences. The 59-year-old answered bail today after he was held in January by detectives working on Operation Yewtree, the national investigation prompted by the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal. Further allegations have been made after he was arrested for other allegations in January. Comedian Jim Davidson is understood to have been arrested as part of Operation Yewtree . A Scotland Yard spokesman said a 59-year-old man had been 'further arrested on suspicion of sexual offences in connection with further allegations made to Operation Yewtree'. A Met Police spokesman said: 'The man was arrested in west London on suspicion of sexual offences and taken to a London police station. He was later bailed to return pending further inquiries - next due on a date in May. 'The individual falls under the strand of the investigation we have termed "others".' Operation Yewtree has three strands, one dealing with allegations directly involving Jimmy Savile, the second involving allegations against associates of the disgraced DJ and the third involving 'others'. At the time of his first arrest in January, Davidson's solicitor Henri Brandman issued a statement to say he 'vigorously denied' the allegations. The five-times married comedian was detained at Heathrow Airport in January after landing to take part in Celebrity Big Brother, which he said left him 'completely gobsmacked'. Speaking in January, the comedian 'vigorously denied’ the allegations, which date back around 25 years and said that he had never forced himself on a woman in his life. The former Big Break and Generation Game host 'vigorously denies' the allegations made against him, his solicitor said tonight following the star's re-arrest for further alleged sex offences. And tonight, his solicitor Henri Brandman said his client 'vigorously denies' all the allegations against him. Mr Brandman said: 'Jim vigorously denies the allegations. 'He has not been charged with any offence. Neither he nor I will be making a further comment.' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: 59-year-old old arrested again following further allegations of sex offences . Was arrested at Heathrow Airport in January . Comedian was 'gobsmacked' when initially arrested .
id: 87fe47ae3edcefbfbe1f6d7d00cea30650c21f2f
chatgpt: British comedian Jim Davidson has been arrested once again following further allegations of sexual offences. The 59-year-old was arrested at Heathrow Airport in January, and has now been taken into custody once again.  Davidson was reportedly "gobsmacked" when he was initially arrested in January, and has vehemently denied all allegations of wrongdoing. However, it appears that fresh allegations have surfaced, leading to the comedian's second arrest. Davidson has been subject to numerous accusations of sexual misconduct over the years. In 2014, he was cleared of all charges relating to allegations of sexual abuse from the 1980s. However, he has remained a controversial figure, with many people feeling that he has not been held accountable for his past behaviour. The news of Davidson's latest arrest has caused dismay among his fans and supporters. The comedian has long been considered a favourite among British audiences, with his irreverent style and edgy wit drawing in large crowds. However, his reputation has been tarnished by the various allegations of sexual misconduct that have been levelled against him. It remains to be seen what will happen next in the case of Jim Davidson. The comedian has been released on bail following his most recent arrest, and is expected to make a statement in due course. However, given the seriousness of the allegations that have been made against him, it is likely that this case will continue to attract significant attention from both the media and the public. Davidson himself has remained largely silent on his recent arrest, but it seems clear that his reputation as a popular entertainer has taken yet another hit. While he may be able to bounce back from this latest setback, it is clear that his career and public image will continue to be shaped by the allegations that have dogged him for many years. In the age of #MeToo, the issue of sexual misconduct has become an increasingly important issue in the public eye. For figures like Jim Davidson, the allegations made against them can have serious and far-reaching consequences. Whether or not he is ultimately found guilty of any wrongdoing in this case, it is clear that his career and reputation may never fully recover.