article: (CNN) -- Human remains discovered in the Utah desert belong to a young male and are not a missing 28-year-old mother, authorities said, a grim discovery that fuels the mystery and opens a new case. The fate of Susan Powell, who disappeared in 2009, is still unknown. The remains discovered in Tooele County over the weekend belonged to a young man, Sheriff's Detective Lt. Travis Scharmann said. Scharmann said the state medical examiner is working to determine the cause, time and other circumstances of his death. In addition to Powell, authorities must now determine what happened to the man whose remains were found in the same region on Sunday. They were ''badly decomposed and scattered throughout a wide area, possibly by wild animals,'' according to a news release from the sheriff's office. An attorney found the bones in the area where his family owns ranch property. Investigators will likely dig for more body parts, Bill Manion, a medical examiner for Burlington County, New Jersey, told HLN's Nancy Grace on Monday. "The most important bones that they can find are the jaw and mandible, part of the skull, because if we have the teeth, we can be very, very accurate in identification,'' Manion said. Meanwhile, the search for the missing woman continues. Josh Powell says he last saw his wife on a cold December night in 2009 as he and his two young sons left to go camping in the Tooele County desert area. Powell's sister reported her as missing. A month later, Powell and his children moved to the state of Washington. Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN. For the latest from Nancy Grace click here.
highlights: The fate of Susan Powell, who disappeared in 2009, is still unknown . The remains discovered over the weekend belong to a young man, police say . The grim discovery fuels the mystery of the missing woman .
id: ce5cc00781f63025aaa8c8a634e1cda69bbd8360
chatgpt: The fate of Susan Powell has been shrouded in mystery since she disappeared in 2009. Now, the discovery of human remains over the weekend has only added to the intrigue surrounding the missing woman's case. Authorities have announced that the remains, which were found in a remote area, belong to a young man. However, this discovery has raised more questions than answers. Investigators are now wondering if there is any connection between these remains and the missing person's case of Susan Powell, as the search for her has gone on for years. Susan Powell was last seen on December 6th, 2009, when she vanished from her Utah home. Her husband, Josh Powell, was the prime suspect in her disappearance until his own death in 2012. Since then, the investigation into her case has continued, and the recent discovery of human remains has renewed interest in her case. Despite the new evidence, authorities are cautioning that this does not necessarily mean that Susan's remains have been found. It is too early to determine whether or not the remains of the young man are connected to her disappearance. So far, the discovery of these remains has only intensified the mystery of what happened to Susan Powell. As authorities continue to investigate, the public waits with bated breath for any news or updates regarding her tragic disappearance. For years, Susan Powell's family has held out hope that she would be found alive. But with the recent discovery of these remains, the possibility of closure is now more real than ever before. The family is still hopeful that they will finally get the answers they have been searching for, and bring closure to this heartbreaking story.