article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Google's chairman said Monday that he and other executives from the Internet search giant recently traveled to Cuba to advocate for greater access to the Internet. "Access to the internet can bring better education, better business, and a more open, accountable government to Cuba," Chairman Eric Schmidt said in a statement. "Our visit confirmed that the government recognizes some of the benefits of increasing access for Cubans, but it has not gone far enough in implementing the policy reforms needed to open the country to the web." Cuba has the lowest level of Internet access in the Western hemisphere. "If Cuba is trapped in the 1950's, the Internet of Cuba is trapped in the 1990s," Schmidt wrote in a blog post after visiting with three other executives from the Internet search giant to promote "a free and open Internet." Schmidt said on a posting on his Google+ account that the executives had traveled to the island with a U.S. Treasury business license. Under a five-decades-old embargo, U.S. citizens need to apply for U.S. government permission to visit Cuba or face potentially hefty fines. The visit, the first by a team from Google, was not reported in Cuba's official state media. The government tightly restricts access to the Internet but also regularly criticizes tech companies like Google for blocking certain services to users in Cuba. Cuban blogger and government critic Yoani Sanchez said the Google team met with her Friday at her apartment in Havana. On her online newspaper, she wrote that the executives complained about the slow speed of Internet connections in Cuba and restrictions on information. "It was a night of technology without technology," Sanchez wrote on her site, 14ymedio. "No one surfed the web on their mobile phone, that's not possible in Cuba, no one thought to show us the latest doodle (on the Google website)." In 2013, the government opened navigation centers across the island where people can access the Internet. Though users lined up, many complained that the $4.50 hourly cost was too steep in a country where the median salary is about $20 a month. In his post, Schmidt said he met with government officials and Cuban techies skirting state restrictions on connectivity. "Cuba will have to open its political and business economy," Schmidt wrote. "And the US will have to overcome our history and open the embargo. Both countries have to do something that is hard to do politically, but it will be worth it." In 2013, Schmidt visited North Korea to promote greater Internet freedom there despite State Department criticisms of the trip. Cuba: U.S. using new weapon against us: spam . Cuba acts to draw more foreign investors .
highlights: "The Internet of Cuba is trapped in the 1990s," Google's Eric Schmidt writes . Cuban government tightly restricts Web access, has criticized tech firms like Google . "A night of technology without technology," says blogger who met executives . Schmidt also says he met with Cuban government officials .
id: 61516117af06e83d742bd24760224f3c9ab2f233
chatgpt: Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, has written about his recent visit to Cuba and the stagnant state of internet access in the country. In an op-ed piece for the New York Times, Schmidt claims that the internet in Cuba is "trapped in the 1990s", due to a lack of investment and infrastructure. The Cuban government has been heavily criticized for tightly controlling web access in the country, and Schmidt echoes these concerns. He notes that "the Cuban government has clearly made a decision not to modernize the infrastructure that could bring the internet to its citizens", and adds that the country has "some of the most severe control mechanisms in the world". Schmidt met with Cuban officials during his visit, but was clear in his opinion that the country needs to open up to new technology and possibilities. He writes, "Cuba will have to open up its political and economic systems or risk falling further behind". Schmidt's concerns are echoed by Cuban bloggers and technologists, who are frustrated with the current state of internet access. One blogger, Yoani Sanchez, met with Schmidt during his trip and described the experience as "a night of technology without technology". She added that "seeing one of the great pioneers of the technological revolution in Cuba but unable to use his own product was a paradox", highlighting the limitations of internet access in the country. Despite these challenges, there are signs that change may be on the horizon. Recently, the Cuban government announced that it would allow public Wi-Fi hotspots in some areas of Havana, a move which has been hailed as a step forward for internet access. However, there is still a long way to go before Cuba can fully embrace the digital age. As Schmidt notes, "modernization cannot just be a matter of adding more cell towers". Instead, the country needs to embrace new technology and new ways of thinking about the internet in order to catch up with the rest of the world. In conclusion, the limitations on internet access in Cuba continue to hamper the country's growth and potential. While there are signs of progress, it is clear that much work remains to be done if the island nation is to fully embrace the digital age. Schmidt's visit and the attention it has brought to this issue will hopefully spur change and progress towards a more connected Cuba.