article: Jurors in the Catherine Pileggi murder trial deliberated for more than eight hours yesterday without reaching a verdict over the killing. Pileggi, 58, is accused of second-degree murder in the June 27, 2011, death of her long-time boyfriend, multimillionaire Ronald Vinci, in Fort Lauderdale. According to Pileggi's defense, Vinci, 70, had a long history of abusing Pileggi verbally, physically and sexually throughout their tumultuous relationship. Jurors in the Catherine Pileggi murder trial have so far been unable to decide whether she is guilty of killing her long-time boyfriend, multimillionaire Ronald Vinci, in Fort Lauderdale, in June 2011 . Her lawyer Bruce Udolf told the court the killing was in self-defence and portrayed Pileggi as a 'battered spouse'. Earlier on the night Pileggi admitted killing her partner, she claimed that Vinci held a gun to her head and told her she didn't deserve to live, the Sun-sentinel reported. Somewhere between 10 and 11 pm that night, as he lay in bed with a head wound from a fall down the stairs, Pileggi said she shot him, stabbed him repeatedly, slit his throat and hit him on the head with a hammer. Prosecutor Brian Cavanagh told jurors Pileggi illegally took the law into her own hands, killing Vinci while he was unconscious and posed no threat to anyone. Vinci was found dead in the $3 million waterfront mansion he had only moved into two weeks earlier. Neighbours had reported hearing screams coming from the house during the early hours of the morning on the day of the incident. Vinci had only just moved into his $3 million waterfront mansion and was said to have wanted to leave Pileggi . Before the case went to court, Pileggi's stepmother, who declined to give her name, had said she wouldn't 'hurt a fly'. 'In all honesty, she wouldn’t even say anything that would hurt somebody’s feelings.' Police had previously said Pileggi's relationship with Vinci had soured before his death. Detective Travis Mandell said: 'We believe there was some sort of argument that ensued because Mr. Vinci had been trying to get Mrs. Pileggi out of his life.' 'Vinci had recently moved to Florida from Rancho Santa Fe to retire and spend time with his son Kerry and his grandson. The self-made millionaire started as a Honda motorcycle dealer in San Diego before building up a successful car dealership spread across southern California and Las Vegas. Pileggi faces life in prison if convicted. Deliberations will resume tomorrow.
highlights: Catherine Pileggi's defense say she was a battered woman . And that Ronald Vinci had held a gun to her head before she killed him . Police said businessman Vinci was trying to get Pileggi 'out of his life'
id: 1a50b8b704987d5d6f17b63bc75571ed6f97481f
chatgpt: In a recent controversial verdict, a woman named Catherine Pileggi was acquitted of killing her ex-boyfriend, Ronald Vinci. Pileggi claimed that she had acted in self-defense, as Vinci had held a gun to her head before she fatally shot him. Pileggi's defense team argued that she was a victim of domestic violence and had been regularly abused by Vinci. They presented evidence of Vinci's violent behavior towards Pileggi and highlighted the psychological manipulation he had used to control her. According to Pileggi's attorneys, she was in a state of fear and felt like she had no choice but to defend herself. The prosecution, on the other hand, argued that Pileggi had a motive to kill Vinci. They claimed that Vinci, a successful businessman, was trying to sever ties with Pileggi and move on with his life. Pileggi's attorneys countered this argument by saying that she had already moved on and was seeing someone else. Throughout the trial, the evidence presented was scrutinized by the jury. Ultimately, it was the testimony of Pileggi's friends and family members that swayed the jury in her favor. They testified that Pileggi had confided in them about Vinci's abusive behavior and had presented evidence of his controlling nature. The jury's decision has sparked outrage among some members of the community. Some believe that Pileggi's actions were premeditated and that she should have been found guilty of murder. Others, however, believe that the verdict was just and that Pileggi was indeed a victim who acted in self-defense. The case has once again shone a light on the issue of domestic violence and the challenges that victims face in seeking justice. Pileggi's defense team has pointed out that many victims of domestic violence do not come forward because they fear that they will not be believed or taken seriously. In the wake of this verdict, it is hoped that more attention will be paid to the issue of domestic violence and that resources will be made available to help victims. While there is debate about whether or not Pileggi's actions were justified, there is little doubt that domestic violence is a serious problem that affects thousands of people every year.