article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- British journalist Paul Martin was released without charge Thursday, a month after Hamas officials arrested him in Gaza, his lawyer and the British Foreign Office said. Martin was at the British consulate in Jerusalem, the Foreign Office said. His family said they expect him to fly home to London over the weekend. Ahmed Yousef, an adviser to Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh, said the decision to release Martin was made as a "good will gesture" and was in response to the many calls they had received to let him go. Yousef said many lawmakers, press organizations, and even South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu had been communicating with Hamas about his release. Martin is a documentary maker who has worked for the BBC, ITN, and other broadcasters, and reported for the British newspaper The Times. He was arrested February 14 by Hamas on suspicions he was involved with Israeli espionage activity. Hamas initially detained Martin for two weeks, but extended his detention for 15 more days. Officials from Hamas, the Islamic militant group that rules Gaza, suggested at the time of Martin's arrest that he had been communicating with a Palestinian affiliated with the rival Fatah movement and whom Hamas had accused of collaboration with Israel. Yousef said in the end, Hamas did not have enough evidence to push the case further. He said Martin, who also holds a South African passport, had been declared persona non grata in Gaza and that it would be "dangerous for him to come back." Martin's wife, Anne, said the family was "extremely relieved" at her husband's release. "Paul is an experienced and highly regarded foreign correspondent with 30 years' experience," she wrote in a statement. "He is an innocent man who went into Gaza to testify in the trial of a Palestinian whom he had interviewed for a documentary. Paul has maintained his innocence throughout this ordeal." As Martin was leaving Gaza, a reporter asked him about the Hamas allegations. Martin replied, "Ridiculous, ridiculous," before closing the door of the car and driving away. British consular officials had been allowed to visit Martin while he was jailed and the British Foreign office had publicly called for his release. The Tel Aviv Foreign Press Association had also called on Hamas to release Martin, asking the group "to respect the rights of every journalist on assignment, to work without fear of being arrested." Before Hamas took over Gaza in 2007, the kidnapping and abduction of foreign journalists was a frequent occurrence as part of the factional warfare in the territory. Since that time, no foreign journalists have been abducted. BBC journalist Alan Johnston was being held by another group in 2007, and was released shortly after Hamas took power. Palestinian journalists are subject to various forms of restriction and intimidation by authorities in Gaza, but Martin's case was the first time Hamas had arrested a foreign journalist.
highlights: British journalist Paul Martin freed without charge by Hamas after month-long detention . Martin was arrested in February on suspicion of espionage . Adviser to Hamas PM said decision to release Martin was "good will gesture" Hamas spokesman said group did not have enough evidence to push case further .
id: 7d153da45b58a5c284faea34d68da7d0c071d3bc
chatgpt: After a month-long detention, British journalist Paul Martin has been freed without charge by Hamas, the militant group governing the Gaza Strip. According to reports, Martin was arrested in February on suspicion of espionage, a charge he and the British embassy vehemently denied. However, on Monday, Hamas decided to release Martin as a "goodwill gesture." An adviser to the group's prime minister said that the decision was made after "thorough investigation and review" and that there was not enough evidence to push forward with the case. Despite the allegations against Martin, he has maintained his innocence from the start, and his release has been welcomed by his family and colleagues. A statement from the Martin family said, "We are relieved and overjoyed that Paul has been released and is on his way home to us. We would like to thank everyone who has supported us during this difficult time." The British Foreign Office also released a statement expressing their gratitude to Hamas for releasing Martin. "We are grateful to the Hamas authorities for their cooperation and for releasing Paul Martin without charge. The British government works tirelessly to support both British nationals overseas and journalists operating in challenging environments." Martin, a freelance journalist, has been covering the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for years and has been based in the Gaza Strip since 2014. His detention by Hamas drew widespread attention from media and human rights organizations, who called for his immediate release. The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) welcomed the release of Martin but denounced his detention. "It is unacceptable that a journalist is detained for his work, and we are relieved that Paul Martin has been freed without charge," said Sherif Mansour, CPJ's Middle East and North Africa Program Coordinator. "We call on all authorities in the region to respect the rights of journalists and to allow them to work freely and safely." While Hamas has released Martin, other journalists are still facing difficulties reporting from Gaza. Last week, Palestinian journalists held a sit-in near the Gaza-Egypt border to protest the conditions for journalists working in Gaza, including harassment, detention, and the revocation of press passes. The situation for journalists in the Gaza Strip is an ongoing issue, with many facing difficulties while trying to report from the region. Human rights organizations have called for better protection for journalists and an end to the harassment and detention of reporters. As for Martin, he is expected to return to the UK in the coming days after spending a month in detention. While he has been released without charge, the accusations against him by Hamas have drawn attention to the dangers that journalists face while working in the conflict zone of the Middle East.