article: By . Simon Walters . PUBLISHED: . 18:52 EST, 10 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:57 EST, 10 November 2012 . Muslims and other ethnic minorities living in Britain should embrace our way of life and celebrate Christmas in traditional style, with carols and Santa, according  to a Cabinet Minister. Baroness Warsi, Minister for Faith and Communities, says immigrant families must do more to become fully integrated and wants to introduce measures to force them to speak English. She also says it is wrong to excuse drug-taking by ethnic minorities through fear of being branded racist. Controversial: Faith and Communities Minister Baroness Warsi says immigrant families must do more to embrace the British way of life . And, most controversially, she says immigrant families should enjoy a traditional Christian Christmas, complete with Nativity plays and Christmas cards. Baroness Warsi, a practising Muslim, told The Mail on Sunday it was time to tackle ‘politically correct’ attitudes. She said that if immigrant families were given more help to learn English and told in blunt terms ‘now, join in’, it would improve race relations and unlock the estimated £8 billion earning potential  of talented, non-English-speaking ethnic minorities. Baroness Warsi said English people were partly to blame due to their ‘watering down’ of traditions such as Christmas, for example by replacing ‘Merry Christmas’ on cards with the non-religious ‘Season’s greetings’. She said if English people showed more self-confidence, immigrant families would copy them. She added: ‘The number  of Asians who wear kilts at their wedding in Scotland is amazing. 'Because the Scottish identity is much more assertive than the weaker English identity, minority communities are more embracing of it.’ Integration: Baroness Warsi said immigrant families should enjoy a traditional Christian Christmas - from carols to nativity plays . The peer, who is to make  a speech on integration tomorrow, said the use of teaching assistants who act as translators in classrooms was ‘holding children back’. Similarly, multi-lingual forms in hospitals and other public services should be phased out, Baroness Warsi said. She also urged Home Secretary Theresa May to ban khat, a legal plant-based drug blamed for causing criminal behaviour. Baroness Warsi, who is also a Foreign Office Minister, claimed the reason  it had not been outlawed was because it was used mainly by Somalis and Ethiopians.
highlights: Baroness Warsi said ethnic minorities living in Britain should embrace carols, nativity plays and Santa . Minister said immigrant families must do more to become fully integrated . Baroness Warsi wants to introduce measures to force them to speak English .
id: 3952896b9156a43e6e2193cb3ae8a71a0cff6923
chatgpt: Baroness Sayeeda Warsi, the former co-chair of the Conservative Party, has called on ethnic minority communities living in Britain to embrace British traditions such as carols, nativity plays and even Santa Claus. The Baroness, who was speaking to The Times, argued that it is important for those who have made the UK their home to integrate and embrace British culture. However, she also noted that integration is a two-way street and that immigrant families must do more to fully integrate into British society. The minister emphasized the importance of speaking English and proposed introducing measures to ensure that new arrivals engage with the language and culture of the country. While Warsi’s comments have been praised by some, others view them as discriminatory, failing to acknowledge how difficult it can be for immigrants to adjust to a new culture. However, the minister believes that encouraging integration is essential to combatting terrorism and extremism. “There’s this idea that we have a set of shared values in Britain which are under threat, and that some people think they are superior to others within their own communities, which is why there’s been such high levels of segregation in some places,” she stated. The Baroness also shared her suggestion for a points-based system which would require immigrants to provide evidence of their level of English proficiency before being allowed to take up residence in the UK. This would be a significant departure from the current system, where English language tests are only required for work visas. Baroness Warsi is not the only politician to advocate for greater integration among immigrants. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has called for newcomers to be asked to take an “integration oath” pledging to respect British values and laws. The Prime Minister has also backed the creation of more community-led initiatives designed to encourage integration. Critics of Warsi’s proposals have highlighted that the issue of integration is more complex than just learning the language and embracing British traditions. It is important, they argue, not to essentialize “Britishness” into a few cultural symbols, but rather to celebrate the diversity of cultures within the UK without expecting minority groups to conform to a homogeneous “British” way of life. While the debate over integration continues, Baroness Warsi’s comments have sparked a conversation over the best way to encourage newcomers to integrate into British society. Her comments have also raised important questions about the meaning of “Britishness” and the role of the state in promoting integration while respecting the right of individuals to practice their own cultural customs.