article: By . Sally Lee . The 'ghost' of one of Australia's most notorious criminals is still lurking within the walls of his old jail cell in Melbourne - or so a group of frightened lawyers have been led to believe. A recent group of visitors were recently tormented by what they believe to be the voice of Mark 'Chopper' Read, who died last year at the age of 53, during a ghost tour of the now desolate Pentridge Prison. It was in this prison that the notorious Read had both his ears chopped off by a fellow inmate back in the late 1970s. Scroll down for video . A ghost which resembles Mark 'Chopper' Read is believed to be haunting is old jail cell at Pentridge Prison in Melbourne . Lantern Ghost tour guide Jeremy Kewley (pictured) said he was leading a group of lawyers around the historic prison when they heard a loud man bellow out near Read's cell 16 in D-Division of the prison . Lantern Ghost tour guide Jeremy Kewley said he was leading the group of lawyers around the historic prison when they heard a loud man bellow out near Read's cell 16 in D-Division of the prison. This startled not only the lawyers but Mr Kewley himself as he initially thought it was a prank by one of the visitors. 'Suddenly came this incredibly loud and aggressive male voice basically screaming out "GET OUT",' Mr Kewley told the Today Show. 'We just sort of froze.' Shortly after, the same voice yelled out and repeated again 'GET OUT!'. 'It scared the holy crap out of me,' Mr Kewley said. 'I had to assure the group that this was not part of the tour.' He said police searched the entire building but could not ascertain where the voice came from. He is adamant that this has never happened before. Mr Kewley also alleges that other group tours sighted an apparition that resembles Read in this very cell . Prison Pentridge was an Australian prison built in 1850 and closed in May, 1997. Other notable prisoners include bush ranger Ned Kelly and Ronald Ryan who was the last man to be executed in Australia . Mr Kewley also alleges that people from other tour groups claim to have seen an apparition that resembles Read, who was behind bars from 20 to 38 years of age. Read, who's been convicted of a long list of crimes including assault, arson, armed robbery, kidnapping, firearm offences and impersonating a police officer, died of liver cancer in October last year. Pentridge was an Australian prison built in 1850 and closed in May, 1997. Other notable prisoners includes bushranger Ned Kelly and Ronald Ryan, who was the last man to be executed in Australia. Mark Read was brought to life on screen by Eric Bana in the 2000 film Chopper .
highlights: A group of lawyers were on a ghost tour at the historic prison in Williamstown, 9km south-west of Melbourne CBD . Mark 'Chopper' Read, who died last year at the age of 53, was behind bars from 20 to 38 years of age . Tour guide Jeremy Kewley said police searched the entire building but weren't able to explain the source of the voice . He said other groups have even witnessed a ghost-like figure which resembles the notorious criminal .
id: d1ca8c3572e9ce05cdb34b779f3ca834ecf41433
chatgpt: A group of lawyers were in for a spooky surprise when they went on a ghost tour at the historic prison in Williamstown, located 9km south-west of Melbourne CBD. While on the tour, they encountered what could only be described as the ghost of Mark 'Chopper' Read, a notorious criminal behind bars from the ages of 20 to 38.  The tour guide, Jeremy Kewley, recounted the eerie experience to journalists, stating that the group heard a mysterious voice during one of the prison's tours. Despite conducting a thorough search of the entire building, the police were unable to explain the source of the voice.  Kewley explained that this was not an isolated incident, and other groups have also witnessed a ghost-like figure that eerily resembles the late criminal. The encounter has left many of the lawyers shaken, and as Kewley puts it, "It was the scariest thing that I have ever experienced on one of my tours." Mark 'Chopper' Read gained fame as a notorious underworld figure who spent most of his life behind bars. Born in 1954, he was charged with multiple crimes throughout his life, including armed robbery, drug trafficking, and murder. He even went as far as to remove his own ears in prison as proof of his formidable reputation.  He passed away in October last year at the age of 53, leaving behind a controversial legacy. Known for his violent tendencies, it is not surprising that such an infamous figure would be associated with the paranormal.  The Williamstown Prison has long been rumored to be haunted, with many visitors claiming to have witnessed ghostly encounters during their tours. Built-in 1859, the prison housed some of Australia's most violent criminals, with many of them meeting their end in the same cell that they were confined to.  While some may dismiss the claims of haunting as mere superstition, it cannot be denied that the stories surrounding the prison have contributed to its fame. The recent encounter with the ghost of Mark 'Chopper' Read only adds more fuel to the legends and mysteries surrounding the historic prison. As the debate continues on whether the paranormal actually exists or not, one cannot deny the eerie feeling that comes with being in a place with such an ominous past. For the lawyers who went on the ghost tour, their experience with the ghostly presence of the late criminal was one they will never forget. And for the rest of us, it serves as a reminder of the dark history that Williamstown prison beholds.