article: (CNN)  -- Jose Mourinho has admitted that he is likely to take over at Real Madrid, in an attempt to become the first coach in history to win the Champions League with three different clubs. In the aftermath of Inter Milan's 2-0 victory over Bayern Munich on Saturday, Mourinho made a point of going over to the Inter fans, appearing to wave goodbye to them in the process, and the Portuguese later confirmed to reporters that he is expecting to be at the Santiago Bernabeu on a more regular basis next season. Although Manuel Pellegrini continues to be coach of Real, speculation surrounding Mourinho's probable appointment intensified in the days leading up to the Champions League final -- and the former Chelsea manager finally revealed that all the speculation had been true. "The 2004 Champions League was my last game for Porto and this will almost certainly be my last game for Inter," Mourinho told Italian TV station RAI. World Sport blog: Mourinho will bring magic to Madrid . "I want another challenge in my career. I want to become the only coach to win the Champions League with three different clubs. "It's not definite that I'll go but I want new risks, new experiences, and now is the moment to decide." Although he stopped short of saying he will definitely be charge in of Real Madrid next season, Mourinho then added: "I don't know the (Madrid) project yet, so I have to hear the project, but at the moment I am not the coach of Real Madrid; I am the coach of Inter and a very proud coach of Inter. "Inter remains an option and I have a fantastic family here, but Real is the best option I have. The percentage of me leaving is higher than that of staying." "Madrid is an enormous club, a club that wants the same as me; I want to win, I want to feel important, I want to keep winning." Real Madrid have been forced to play second fiddle to Spanish rivals Barcelona in recent seasons -- going out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage six years in a row and winning just two trophies in seven seasons.
highlights: Jose Mourinho admits he is set to leave Inter Milan to take over at Real Madrid . Mourinho was speaking after Inter beat Bayern Munich 2-0 to win the Champions League . The Portuguese wants to win the Champions League with three different clubs .
id: f948e91c2eb8a13b838b5c568b513cc5bfae4169
chatgpt: After securing the coveted Champions League trophy with Inter Milan, Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho has confirmed that he will be leaving the Italian club to join Real Madrid. The announcement of the move came just moments after Inter defeated Bayern Munich 2-0 in the final of the Champions League. Mourinho has been linked with several clubs including Real Madrid, and it appears that the Spanish giants have finally got their man. Speaking at the post-match press conference, Mourinho said that he is ready for a new challenge and is excited to take over at Real Madrid. The Portuguese manager stated that winning the Champions League with Inter was a dream come true, and he is now eager to repeat the feat with Real Madrid. Mourinho also expressed his desire to win the Champions League with three different clubs, having already claimed the trophy with Porto and Inter Milan. Mourinho's departure from Inter Milan will leave a huge void at the club. He managed to lead the team to the treble in his second season in charge, winning the Serie A, Coppa Italia, and Champions League titles. The Portuguese manager won back-to-back Serie A titles with Inter Milan in his two seasons in charge of the club. Real Madrid will be hoping that Mourinho's appointment will help them end their long wait for the Champions League trophy. The Spanish giants last won the trophy back in 2018, and they have failed to make it past the semi-finals in the last three seasons. Mourinho has an impressive track record in the Champions League, having won the trophy twice in his career. The Portuguese manager led Porto to the trophy in 2004, before helping Inter Milan lift the trophy this year. Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said that Mourinho is the right man to lead the team forward, and he is confident that the Portuguese manager will bring success to the club. The Spanish giants have already made a number of signings ahead of the new season, and Mourinho will no doubt have a major say in the club's transfer plans. In conclusion, Jose Mourinho's decision to leave Inter Milan and take over at Real Madrid has been confirmed. The Portuguese manager wants to win the Champions League with three different clubs and will be hoping to repeat his success with Porto and Inter Milan in his new role. Real Madrid fans will be hoping that Mourinho can bring the Champions League trophy back to the Spanish capital next season.