article: Eugenie Bouchard and Serena Williams were reluctant to discuss suggestions of sexism at the Australian Open after a male on-court interviewer sparked outrage by asking some female players to 'give a twirl'. However Williams, the world No 1, acknowledged that leading men's players would never be asked to do the same in post-match TV interviews. Both Williams and Canada's Bouchard were asked to spin around to show off their outfits during on-court interviews in Melbourne, prompting an angry response on social media and accusations of sexism levelled at Tennis Australia commentator Ian Cohen, who made the request. Eugeie Bouchard was asked to twirl by interviewer Ian Cohen and she looked embarrassed at the request . Bouchard did oblige, later commenting that it was 'unexpected' that an 'old guy' asked her to twirl on-court . Bouchard laughed as she twirled for the interviewer to show off her outfit after her straight-sets victory . The interviewer continued to speak to Bouchard after she twirled for him after her second round match . Bouchard looked slightly bemused by the request, which followed her straight-sets win over Kiki Bertens on Wednesday, admitting in her post-match press conference the question had taken her by surprise. 'It was very unexpected. I mean, yeah, I don't know. An old guy asking you to twirl, it was funny,' said the seventh seed. Williams, a second-round winner over Vera Zvonareva on Thursday, revealed she had also had the same request and not enjoyed the experience, but would not be drawn on whether it was sexist or not. Bouchard smiles to the crowd after completing her comfortable win over Kiki Bertens on Wednesday . Canadian Bouchard celebrates after defeating Bertens of Holland 6-0 6-3 at the Australian Open . The American said: 'A commentator asked me to twirl. I wouldn't ask Rafa (Nadal) or Roger (Federer) to twirl. Whether it's sexist or not, I don't know. I can't answer that. 'I didn't really want to twirl because I was just like, you know, I don't need all the extra attention. But, yeah, it was fine. 'I don't think and look that deep into it. Life is far too short to focus on that. We have so many other problems we want to deal with that we should focus on. Whether I twirl or not, it's not the end of the world. It's about being positive and just moving forward.' Serena Williams refused to discuss suggestions of sexism, but suggested that male players wouldn't have been asked the same question by the interviewer . World No 1 Williams beat Vera Zvonareva 7-5, 6-0 at the Australia Open on Thursday .
highlights: Tennis Australia commentator Ian Cohen asked female tennis players to 'give a twirl' to show off their outfits on court . Serena Williams was reluctant to discuss whether it was sexist or not . Eugenie Bouchard said it was 'unexpected' that an 'old guy' had asked her to twirl following her straight-sets win over Kiki Bertens . Viewers took to Twitter to express their outrage on the incident .
id: aaa25596983ae7bbfa43d7b7285dc7a8d545f74b
chatgpt: Tennis Australia commentator Ian Cohen has caused quite a stir after asking female tennis players to 'give a twirl' to show off their outfits on court. While some players tried to brush off the incident, others have not been so forgiving. Six-time Wimbledon champion, Serena Williams, was reluctant to delve into the controversial topic. "I wouldn't necessarily say it's sexist," she told reporters, "but I would say I've never been asked to twirl. It's just kind of like, 'Okay, do you.'" Canadian female tennis player, Eugenie Bouchard, had a more critical view of Cohen's request. Following her straight-sets win over Kiki Bertens, Bouchard revealed that she found it "unexpected" that an "old guy" had asked her to twirl. The 20-year-old went on to say, "I mean, I don't know, an old guy asking you to twirl. It was funny." While Bouchard might have found the request amusing, other viewers were quick to express their outrage on social media. Many took to Twitter to call for an apology from Cohen and to criticize what they view as deeply ingrained sexism within the sport. One Twitter user wrote, "People still hire men like Ian Cohen to go on TV and ask female athletes to twirl, and we still wonder why women are hesitant to take part in sport. Unbelievable." Another tweeted, "I can't believe we're still having to argue about whether or not requesting a 'twirl' is sexist. It's 2021, for goodness sake!" Cohen has not yet apologized for his controversial request, but some of his colleagues have come to his defence. Renowned sports commentator, Jim Courier, brushed off the incident and suggested that people should "lighten up a bit." "It's just a bit of fun," he said, "It's not like he was asking them to do anything harmful or offensive." Despite the criticism, it seems that Cohen's request has not had any long-lasting effects on the players themselves. Bouchard went on to win her next match, while Williams is still vying for her seventh Wimbledon title. Ultimately, while some people might see Cohen's request as good fun, others view it as a symptom of a wider problem within the sport of tennis. Until these issues are addressed and resolved, the incident is likely to continue to rankle and provoke strong reactions from fans and players alike.