article: By . Oliver Todd . Follow @@oliver_todd . With Fernando Torres now confirmed to be playing his fifth campaign in a Chelsea shirt by Jose Mourinho, the £50million man is battling to finally prove his worth. Chelsea's No 9 was in competition with Diego Costa as Jose Mourinho's squad enjoyed a light-hearted game of head tennis in training following their 2-1 win over Vitesse on Wednesday night. New No 19 Costa is expected to be first choice to lead the line at Stamford Bridge this season with Torres not carrying the 'No 1 striker' tag for the first time in his Chelsea career. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Torres miss from two yards and Costa score a blinder on debut . Round one to Torres: The £50million man knocks the ball back over the net ahead of his new teammate . Competition: Diego Costa and Fernando Torres both get involved as competition for places at Chelsea hots up . Winner! Andreas Christensen gives Costa a high five as he gets used to his new Chelsea team mates . And Blues supporters will hope that can give their big money flop a boost, with Chelsea likely to need at least two forwards firing for a title charge. For now, he has Jose Mourinho to impress - and although it seemed Costa was coming out on top Torres looked comfortable as he and the rest of the squad warm up for the new season. Eden Hazard was also on show - but with the ball at his feet - as the Belgian playmaker enjoyed his first day back in full training. And Didier Drogba also enjoyed a kick around as he looks to prove his fitness for the Blues next pre season fixture against Werder Bremen on Sunday. At the end of the session doping control testers were onsite to make sure everything was as it should in typical tests happening for all football clubs in their preparations for the new campaign. New start: Oriol Romeu tries to get to grips with Eden Hazard on the Belgian's first day back in training . Powerhouse: Costa gets up in the air to win a header after setting up three goals in Wednesday night's friendly . Having a laugh: Jose Mourinho watches on during the head tennis session involving Torres and Costa . How it's done: Branislav Ivanovic calmly tips the ball over the net as Costa watches on intently . The king: Didier Drogba leaves training and he could make his second debut on Sunday against Werder Bremen . VIDEO Drogba's quotes on his return and the coming season . Nice surroundings: Filipe Luis and Mitchell Beeney walk through the woodland at Chelsea training centre . Having a laugh: Nathaniel Chalobah leaves one of the last session's for Chelsea's youngest players .
highlights: Chelsea's players had a light-hearted session following the win over Vitesse . Costa and Torres look competitive as they look to prove themselves . Eden Hazard had his first full day of training after World Cup return . Didier Drogba was also playing at the Dutch training camp . Chelsea face Werder Bremen in next pre season game on Sunday .
id: 344b558611b694e785e44af896436b121f0d46f2
chatgpt: Chelsea's players had a relaxed training session on Wednesday, following their convincing 3-1 win over Vitesse. The session was marked by a light-hearted atmosphere, with players in high spirits after a good performance. However, there were some intriguing subplots to observe, especially regarding the performance of Diego Costa and Fernando Torres. Both strikers seemed to be in competitive spirits, seemingly eager to prove themselves in the upcoming season. Costa, in particular, has a lot to prove, given his disappointing showing last season. However, the early signs are an indication that he has regained his confidence and is eager to lead the line for the Blues. Another positive revelation for Chelsea was the return of Eden Hazard, who had his first full day of training following his World Cup exertions with Belgium. The mercurial midfielder is an essential cog in the wheel for Chelsea and his return will undoubtedly bolster the team's chances this season. Didier Drogba was also part of the training session, and the Ivorian legend proved that he still has a lot to offer despite his advancing age. Although it remains to be seen how much playing time he will get this season, Drogba's experience and leadership skills will undoubtedly be valuable assets to Chelsea. Chelsea is currently on a pre-season tour in the Netherlands and will take on Werder Bremen in their next game on Sunday. Although the game is not expected to be as tough as their previous match against Vitesse, the Blues' fans will be eager to see how the team's new signings have settled into the squad. Chelsea has already splashed out on some exciting new talents, including the likes of Tiemoue Bakayoko and Antonio Rudiger, and fans will be eager to see how they fare in the coming season. Chelsea's manager, Antonio Conte, is also looking to make a statement this season, especially after the disappointment of the previous season. The Italian will be under pressure to deliver results, and he will undoubtedly be looking to get his team ready, fit, and firing on all cylinders by the start of the season. In conclusion, Chelsea's players seem to be in high spirits following an impressive performance in their last match. The team looks strong and confident, and the players seemed eager to prove themselves in the upcoming season. While there is still a long way to go before the season starts, Chelsea fans will undoubtedly be looking forward to seeing their beloved team in action once again.