article: By . Jack Doyle . The activities of a Chinese IT company are to be probed by security chiefs amid fears of links to cyber-espionage. Telecoms giant Huawei, which was founded by a former Red Army officer, is a major provider of phone and broad technology in Britain following a multi-billion pound deal with BT in 2005. But last month an influential committee of MPs raised concerns the equipment could be used by Beijing to spy in the UK. Telecoms giant Huawei, which was founded by a former Red Army officer, is a major provider of phone and broad technology in Britain following a multi-billion pound deal with BT in 2005 . The company denies both spying and links to the Chinese State and military. Concerns over a lack of safeguards led to the creation in 2010 of a Cyber Security centre in Oxfordshire known as The Cell - to check and approve Huawei equipment. But MPs on the Intelligence and Security committee criticised the ‘self-policing’ arrangements after they discovered staff at the centre were employed by the company and not by GCHQ, the government’s listening centre. Their report said China could ‘intercept covertly or disrupt traffic passing through Huawei-supplied networks’,  adding that oversight of the firm in the UK is ‘feeble’ and suffers from the ‘absence of any strategy’. Yesterday the Cabinet Office announced a review of the site would be carried out by the national security adviser, Sir Kim Darroch. He will report to David Cameron later this year. It will consider whether GCHQ should play a bigger role in the centre’s management or even supply all of its employees. Yesterday the Cabinet Office announced a review of the site would be carried out by the national security adviser, Sir Kim Darroch. He will report to David Cameron later this year . A Cabinet Office spokesman said it took threats to Critical National Infrastructure very seriously. But he added: ‘However, we are not complacent and as such we have agreed to the main recommendation of the report to conduct a review of Huawei’s Cyber Security Evaluation Centre to give assurance that we have the right measures and processes in place to protect UK telecommunications.’ Huawei welcomed the review, but defended security arrangements at the site, pointing out that all staff had high level security clearance. A spokesman said: ‘Huawei shares the same goal as the UK government and the ISC in raising the standards of cyber security in the UK and ensuring that network technology benefits UK consumers.’ The company’s technology is contained within the green boxes on British streets which link households to the national phone network. Last year a committee of US politicians urged American firms to stop doing business with the company. warning that China could use equipment made by the companies to spy and threaten vital national communications systems.
highlights: Telecoms giant Huawei is major provider of phone and broad . technology in Britain following a multi-billion pound deal with BT in . 2005 . Last month an influential committee of MPs raised concerns the equipment could be used by Beijing to spy in the UK .
id: b7c490a309df246b18c8178504e0e972da3d8b14
chatgpt: Huawei, the Chinese telecommunications company, is a major player in the UK's critical communications infrastructure. The company, which entered the UK market in 2001, has become a major provider of phone and broadband technology, following a multi-billion pound deal with BT in 2005. However, last month, an influential committee of MPs expressed concerns that Huawei's equipment was being used to spy on the UK. The committee also expressed concerns about the company's alleged links to the Chinese government. The committee's concerns come at a time of heightened tension between the West and China, with the US and some of its allies accusing the Chinese government of engaging in cyber espionage and intellectual property theft. Huawei has consistently denied these allegations, and has insisted that it operates independently of the Chinese government. The company has also argued that it is subject to stringent security measures in the UK, and that its equipment is subject to regular checks by UK security agencies. However, the committee's concerns have raised questions about whether the UK government should continue to allow Huawei to operate in the UK's critical infrastructure. Last year, the UK government published a review of its approach to national security and infrastructure, which identified telecommunications as a key area of concern. The review called for the government to take a more strategic and co-ordinated approach to the management of telecommunications in the UK. The government responded by creating a new task force, which is responsible for ensuring that the UK's critical infrastructure is secure, and for developing a national strategy for telecommunications. Huawei has been a major player in the UK market for over a decade, and has established close relationships with many of the country's largest telecoms companies. The company has also been a major employer in the UK, with its headquarters located in Reading. However, the committee's concerns have raised questions about whether Huawei can be trusted to operate in the UK's critical infrastructure. Some experts have argued that the UK government should take a more cautious approach to Huawei, and that it should consider excluding the company from the UK market altogether. Others have argued that Huawei's presence in the market provides healthy competition, and that the company's equipment is essential to the development of the UK's next-generation telecommunications networks. The UK government has yet to make a formal statement on the committee's concerns. However, it is expected to take the issue seriously, and to consider the recommendations of its national security and infrastructure review. In the meantime, Huawei has continued to operate in the UK market, and has announced a number of new partnerships with UK telecoms companies in recent months. The company has also opened a new research and development centre in Cambridge, which is focused on the development of next-generation telecommunications technology. Despite the committee's concerns, Huawei remains a major player in the UK's critical communications infrastructure. Whether the UK government will take action to address these concerns remains to be seen.