article: By . Lydia Warren . Bill Clinton thinks we might not be alone. In an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Wednesday, the former president said he wouldn't be surprised if we were visited by aliens one day. 'We know now we live in an ever-expanding . universe,' Clinton told Kimmel. 'We know there are billions of stars and . planets literally out there - and the universe is getting bigger. Scroll down for video . Not alone: Bill Clinton appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Wednesday and said we might be visited by aliens one day as what we know about the universe suggests it could support extra-terrestrial life . Questions: He told Kimmel he had reviewed the Rosewell papers and sent staff to Area 51 . 'We . know from our fancy telescopes that just in the last two years more than . 20 planets have been identified outside our solar system that seem to . be far enough away from their suns - and dense enough - that they might . be able to support some form of life.' He added: 'So it makes it increasing less likely that we're alone.' But when Kimmel pushed on whether there actually are aliens, Clinton responded: 'I'm trying to tell you I don't know.' 'But if we were . visited some day, I wouldn't be surprised,' he added. 'I just hope that it's not . like Independence Day, the movie - that it's, you know, a conflict.' Clinton assured Kimmel that soon after he became president, he instructed his aides to research Area 51, the Nevada military facility, to make sure there were no aliens there. The future? He said he hoped there wouldn't be a conflict, like in the movie Independence Day (pictured), if aliens did come to the Earth - but he also added that the situation could bring people together . He also had the Roswell papers - which detailed a reputed UFO sighting in 1947 - reviewed. He said that while he had no evidence of aliens, he said that their existence could have surprising benefits for the world. 'It may be the only way to unite this increasingly divided world of ours… think about all the differences among people of Earth would seem small if we feel threatened by a space invader,' Clinton said. 'That's the whole theory of Independence Day. Everybody gets together and makes nice.'
highlights: Clinton spoke about extra-terrestrial life on Jimmy Kimmel on Wednesday . He said he had reviewed the Roswell papers and sent staff to Area 51 when he was president but found no evidence of alien life . But he added that what we know about the universe suggests it could support extra-terrestrial life . 'I just hope it's not like Independence Day if they visit,' he said .
id: f44a506cce34c2eaab3e8fed000d3e8c9ec0c098
chatgpt: Former US President Bill Clinton appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Wednesday night, where he spoke about his interest in the subject of extra-terrestrial life. Clinton revealed that during his time as president, he had looked into the Roswell papers and sent staff to investigate at Area 51, but had found no evidence of alien life. Despite not finding any concrete evidence during his presidency, Clinton added that the vastness of the universe suggests that there could be other forms of life out there. "What we know about the universe is that it's just too big to say there's not another form of intelligent life out there," he said. Clinton's interest in the subject of extra-terrestrial life is not new. In 1995, he even jokingly suggested that he had asked his aides to look into the government's secret files on the subject, but was then denied access by the CIA. When asked by Kimmel what he would do if he were to receive information regarding the existence of extra-terrestrial life, Clinton said that he would first verify the information and then release it to the public. "If they're out there, we need to find out," he said. However, Clinton also expressed concern about the possibility of extra-terrestrial life visiting Earth. He referenced the popular 1996 movie Independence Day, which depicts a hostile alien invasion. "I just hope it's not like Independence Day if they visit," he joked. The subject of extra-terrestrial life has long been a topic of fascination for many people, and it's not surprising that a former president would take an interest in it as well. While Clinton may not have found evidence of alien life during his time in the White House, his comments highlight the fact that the possibility of extra-terrestrial life is still very much on the minds of many people today. In conclusion, former US President Bill Clinton has shown a continued interest in the subject of extra-terrestrial life. While he did not find any evidence of alien life during his time in office, he believes that the vastness of the universe suggests that there could be other forms of life out there. Clinton also expressed concern about the possibility of extra-terrestrial life visiting Earth but stated that if there was verifiable information regarding their existence, he would release it to the public.