article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 03:58 EST, 21 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 15:21 EST, 21 January 2014 . Police in Texas have released a sketch of a suspected robber, but unless they are looking for Morph, they might struggle to locate him. The e-fit was sent out by Lamar County Sheriff’s Department after two women were robbed at knife point in Paris, Texas last Thursday. However, the poorly drawn composite sketch looks more like a cartoon character than a human being. Scroll down for video . Robbed by Morph? This is the e-fit sketch released by Lamar County Sheriff's Department in search for a suspect in an armed robbery . The man depicted in the sketch allegedly robbed the two women around 11am on Thursday as they approached a house in East Post Oak Community in Lamar County, Paris. The man, described as 6ft tall with short black hair, a round face and tattoos on his arms and neck threatened the women with a knife, demanding money. When given when he wanted, the man fled on foot, Lamar County Sheriff’s Department told eParisExtra. The sheriff’s department stresses that the sketch is ‘not a true depiction of the suspect, only a likeness,’ the website said. Just as bad: This e-fit was sent out by Bolivian police in 2009 during a murder investigation and actually resulted in an arrest . The 'egg' man: A sketch of a sketch which Portuguese police used in the hunt for a suspect in the Madeleine McCann case . Although this may possibly be the world's worst e-fit it is not without competition. In 2009, Bolivian police released a sketch of a suspected murderer which looked nothing like an actual person, however they did manage to catch a suspect. Portuguese police did not do much better in their search fro Madeleine mcCann, showing local business owners a faceless, egg-shaped head. The sheriff’s department has released a composite sketch of the suspect and encourages the public with any information on this individual or his whereabouts to please contact the Lamar County Sheriff’s Department at 903-737-2400 or Crime Stoppers at (903) 785-TIPS.
highlights: Texas police release 'cartoon' e-fit sketch of suspected robber . The person on the sketch lacks lips, irises and even eyebrows . It depicts a suspect in an armed robbery which took place last week . A man held two women at knife point in Lamar County, Paris .
id: b0f4c1bd78e59b33cd73b510dac2b45e3cd735ef
chatgpt: Texas police have released a comical e-fit sketch of a suspected armed robber who held two women at knife point in Lamar County, Paris last week. The sketch depicts a person who lacks lips, irises and even eyebrows, which has left many social media users questioning its authenticity. The e-fit sketch, which has been described as a "cartoon" by some, was released to the public in an effort to identify the man, who was armed with a knife during the robbery. The suspect reportedly held two women at knife point before fleeing the scene with an undisclosed amount of money. The Lamar County Sheriff's Office has stated that the e-fit sketch was created with the help of one of the victims, who provided a description of the suspect. However, the release of the sketch has received mixed reactions on social media, with some users criticizing the quality of the artwork. Many people have taken to Twitter to express their disbelief at the "amateur" illustration, with some even suggesting that the sketch may have been drawn by a child. One user wrote, "Is this for real? Did a child do this?". Another commented, "I've seen better artwork on a fridge magnet". Despite the criticism, the Lamar County Sheriff's Office has defended the e-fit sketch, stating that it was created to the best of their ability with the information provided by the victim. The department has urged anyone with information about the suspect to come forward and assist with the investigation. The release of the e-fit sketch has sparked a debate about the effectiveness of using such images in criminal investigations. While some believe that the sketches can be helpful in identifying suspects, others argue that the quality of the artwork can sometimes be a hindrance rather than a help. In this case, it remains to be seen whether the e-fit sketch will lead to the identification and subsequent arrest of the suspect. However, it is clear that the bizarre image has caught the attention of many, and has provided some much-needed levity amidst the seriousness of the crime.