article: Children of the 80s will stand in awe that a working hoverboard is finally a reality, but is it stable enough for skateboard legend Tony Hawk to master? Turns out the answer is yes, though even Hawk took a bit to find his comfort zone on the board. Hawk showed off his moves in a new video showcasing the new technology from California company Arx Pax. Hawk showed off his moves in a new video showcasing the new technology from California company Arx Pax . The Ride Channel reports that the hoverboard tech 'relies on magnets, which means the hoverboard can, for the time being, only hover over non-ferrous materials' The device basically works on magnetic surfaces but the company hopes to ideally get it working in other areas . The Ride Channel reports that the hoverboard tech 'relies on magnets, which means the hoverboard can, for the time being, only hover over non-ferrous materials.' 'Right now, what we have is essentially the Model-T [of hoverboards],' said This is a proof of concept. And because we made this big leap in efficiency, we are able now to do what other folks couldn’t do on a conductive material like aluminum or copper. As we optimize this system, ideally we’ll be able to go on other surfaces.' Greg Henderson. Once used to the technology, Hawk was able to ride the 90-pound board up and down the studio's pipe and even pull off a few tricks . Hawk managed to perform a number of tricks though the board wasn't the easiest to ride . Once used to the technology, Hawk was able to ride the 90-pound board up and down the studio's pipe and even pull off a few tricks. And while it wasn't the easiest device to ride, the fact that it exists at all is cause to celebrate. That a working hoverboard exists at all should please children of the 80s .
highlights: Hawk showed off his moves in a new video showcasing the new technology from California company Arx Pax . Device weights 90 pounds and operates on magnetic surfaces . Once used to the device, Hawk was able to ride the board up and down the studio's pipe and even pull off a few tricks .
id: 635e8663700199a6e02d54440035bb89f6b5aa45
chatgpt: Tony Hawk, the skateboarding legend, has once again proved that he is a master of his craft. In a new video showcasing the cutting-edge technology from California-based company, Arx Pax, Hawk was seen flaunting his skills on a levitating skateboard. The device, which weighs 90 pounds and operates on magnetic surfaces, has been receiving considerable attention from the skateboarding community. The concept of levitating boards has been a subject of interest for both science fiction enthusiasts and skateboarders alike, and Arx Pax has made this concept a reality. In the video, Hawk can be seen riding the board up and down the studio's pipe and even pulling off a few tricks. Once he became familiar with the device, he was able to execute some of his signature moves with ease. The board's ability to hover provided an entirely new dynamic to Hawk's style of skateboarding. Arx Pax is one of the many companies working towards making the concept of levitation a reality. They have incorporated their proprietary Magnetic Field Architecture technology into this one of a kind skateboard. The technology provides a strong magnetic field between a surface and an object, enabling it to levitate. The device, which is not yet available for public purchase, looks much like a regular skateboard, with wheels and all, but it doesn't touch the ground. The company claims that the technology can have applications beyond entertainment, including levitating buildings in case of natural disasters. The development of this technology could have significant implications for the skateboarding industry, which has mostly revolved around wooden boards with wheels. The introduction of this new form of skateboarding could revolutionize the sport and inspire new generations of skateboarders. As a legend and pioneer of the sport, Tony Hawk's endorsement of this device has brought the idea of levitating skateboards a step closer to reality. The Arx Pax technology is still in its early stages, but it's only a matter of time before we see levitating skateboards in skate parks everywhere. For now, we can marvel at the breathtaking display of Tony Hawk's skills on a board that hovers in mid-air.