article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:25 EST, 13 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:56 EST, 14 July 2013 . One of Britain’s most famous rock stars is embroiled in a desperate battle to prevent his wife learning that he has secretly fathered a daughter during a one-night stand. The musician – a member of a hugely successful band – cannot be named for legal reasons. He has apparently been told by the girl’s mother that she wants a £2million payout and substantial child support until their baby daughter turns 18. He has been warned: ‘Pay up or I’ll tell your wife.’ The mystery rock star is facing demands of millions of pounds from the mother of a secret love child (stock image) The singer is desperate to keep news . of the child hidden and, although he has rejected the mother’s financial . demands so far, he is understood to be spending thousands of pounds on . lawyers as he negotiates with her to keep it quiet. The musician has a family with his wife and has hitherto been known as a responsible father. A source told the Sun: ‘You do not . treat his wife like this and that is why he is doing everything in his . power to  stop this coming out. The reality is, the truth will emerge. And my God will there be fireworks.’ The star is willing to negotiate with the mother to keep his wife in the dark . The woman with whom the star had a . fling is reported to be a successful writer. She was tracked down in New . York where she said: ‘I shouldn’t even be speaking to you. I can’t say . anything.’ She is believed to be considering . tests to prove her claim and had a mobile DNA testing van parked outside . her Manhattan apartment a few days ago. Her friend said: ‘She knows she will . be entitled to a big sum. She was successful before they met but this . payout would set her up for life. This man will do anything to keep . under wraps. He wants nothing to do with the kid and is prepared to pay . big bucks to keep this a secret. He knows his wife will throw him out . and he will lose so much money he simply can’t bear to contemplate . honesty as an option. There has not been a DNA test but it is an option . the mother is considering. ‘It was a one-night stand and . according to him a huge mistake. But she won’t go away and the fact of . the matter is she bore his little girl.’ According to the Sun, the brief . liaison between the musician and the woman happened in New York more . than a year ago. After discovering she was pregnant, the writer . contacted the singer. He denied the child could possibly be . his, broke off contact and instructed lawyers. The woman then hired her . own lawyers to negotiate a deal.
highlights: Mystery rock star has fathered a daughter by a writer in new York . She demanded £2million but he flatly refused the request . Friends say that he is willing to do anything to keep it a secret . Woman has stated that she will tell his wife if he does not acknowledge her .
id: aa1d8306be9b4eb7331dc96d326977d547dc4547
chatgpt: A mystery rock star has apparently fathered a daughter by a writer in New York, according to reports. The woman in question is said to have demanded a whopping £2 million from the musician in order to keep her mouth shut, but he reportedly refused her request flatly. According to friends of the rock star, he is willing to do whatever it takes to keep this news under wraps. This includes paying off the woman, but he draws the line at £2 million. The report goes on to suggest that the woman has threatened to tell the rock star's wife if he does not acknowledge the child. The woman's identity has not been made public, and neither has the identity of the rock star. According to insiders, this situation has put a strain on the rock star's marriage, with his wife reportedly being unaware of the situation up until now. The musician is said to be doing everything in his power to keep his wife from finding out, as well as to avoid the unwanted publicity. While the details of this story remain unknown, it is clear that the stakes for everyone involved are high. The woman in question is said to be seeking a large sum of money, while the rock star is reportedly willing to pay a lesser amount to make the situation go away. This story has caused a frenzy on social media, with fans of various rock stars speculating about who the father might be. Many have speculated that the rock star in question is a member of a popular band, while others have suggested that it could be a solo artist with a large following. Regardless of who the rock star is, this story highlights the very real dangers of celebrity culture. With fame and fortune come many temptations, and it can be easy for those in the public eye to get caught up in scandalous situations. For now, the identity of the mystery rock star and the writer remain unknown. However, this story is sure to continue making headlines as more details emerge. In the meantime, fans around the world will be left wondering which of their favorite rock stars might be the father of this child.