article: Republicans weren't just big winners in the U.S. Senate races on Tuesday, as they also scored some major victories in the gubernatorial races. No victory was a bigger upset however than that of Larry Hogan, the businessman who managed to defeat Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown to become the next governor of Maryland. This despite the fact that Brown got support from some heavy hitters in the Democratic party, including Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama - who stumped for the candidate just one day before the election. Scroll down for video . Big name support: Maryland Lieutenant Governor Anthony brown received support from First Lady Michelle Obama (above) a day before the election . More big names: brown also got Hillary Clinton to stump for him last Thursday (above), but still lost to businessman Larry Hogan . Huge victory: Hogan's win was big for the Republicans, and he got support in his run from some of the biggest names in the party, like New Jersey Governor Chris Christie (above) Not to be outdone, Hogan got a visit from New Jersey governor Chris Christie, who supported him at a campaign event last week. The race was one of the closest of the night, with Brown eventually conceding just after midnight. Brown's loss is likely a very hard pill for the state's current governor, Martin O'Malley, to swallow, as he will be handing over the keys to the governor's mansion to a Republican for just the second time in 40 years. Thumbs up: Hogan celebrates with his supporters following his victory . Down and out: A dejected Brown gets ready to deliver his concession speech . In other gubernatorial races, Wendy Davis' dream of becoming Texas governor went up in flames as she was trounced by Greg Abbot. An emotional Davis told her supporters to never give up and keep fighting in her teary-eyed concession speech. In another closely watched race, Republican Scott Walker defeated Democrat Mary Burke in Wisconsin. Comforting hand: Wendy Davis was emotional and comforted by her daughter Dru (above) after losing her bid to become governor of Texas . No help: Mary Burke also lost her bid to be governor, in Wisconsin, and was one of the few candidates to ask President Obama for his support (above) Burke was one of the few candidates who welcomed President Obama to help her campaign. Republicans also eked out a big victory in Florida, with Democrat Charlie Crist unable to unseat incumbent Rick Scott.
highlights: Republican Larry Hogan defeated Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown to become the next governor of Maryland . It was a big upset for Hogan, a businessman who received support from New Jersey Governor Chris Christie during his campaign . Brown meanwhile had Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama stumping for him in just the past week .
id: 389f105bd6ce699509adc7a019aea9676a69fc6a
chatgpt: In a stunning upset, Republican candidate Larry Hogan has been elected the next governor of Maryland, defeating the heavily favored Democrat, Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown. Hogan, a businessman, was largely considered an underdog in the race, but received a significant boost with the endorsement and support of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Despite the odds being stacked against him, Hogan was able to secure his victory by appealing to a wide range of voters, including independents and moderate Democrats. His campaign focused on reducing government spending, creating a business-friendly environment, and improving education and job growth in the state. On the other hand, Brown's campaign was heavily supported by high-profile Democrats, including Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama. The Lieutenant Governor was viewed as a shoo-in for the governorship, but his campaign struggled to gain traction with voters. Brown's platform centered around continuing the policies of outgoing Governor Martin O’Malley, with a focus on expanding healthcare access, raising the minimum wage and protecting the environment. In the end, however, it was not enough to sway voters who were looking for a change. Larry Hogan's campaign and message struck a chord with both Republicans and Democrats alike, who were tired of the status quo in Maryland politics. Hogan's victory is seen as a major upset for Brown, who had been widely expected to become the state's first African American governor. It also raises questions about the future of the Democratic party in Maryland, which has traditionally held a stronghold in the state's politics. Meanwhile, Hogan's supporters are rejoicing, seeing the win as proof that Maryland voters are demanding more accountability and fiscal responsibility from their government. The new Governor has pledged to work with Democrats in the state legislature to tackle the many challenges that face Maryland, including the ongoing struggles with its economy, healthcare, and education systems. Overall, Hogan's election marks a significant shift in the political landscape of Maryland. His campaign may have been an underdog at the outset, but it ultimately proved that with the right message and strategy, anything is possible in politics.