article: Louis van Gaal has challenged Roy Hodgson after the England manager suggested Manchester United’s teenage left-back Luke Shaw has always had problems with his fitness. Shaw, 19, is one of 10 crocked United players missing Saturday’s Barclays Premier League game at Burnley after injuring his hamstring in pre-season. He was also put on a special training programme by Van Gaal during United’s tour of America after the Dutch coach noticed a problem with his general conditioning. Video Scroll down Luke Shaw: Impressing the manager is my sole focus . Defence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has defended Luke Shaw against criticisms of his fitness . Having words: Louis van Gaal put Shaw on a special fitness regime during pre-season . Hodgson picked up on this theme on Thursday, suggesting Shaw had similar issues at his previous club Southampton and during the World Cup with England. On Friday night, Van Gaal said: ‘I want to say something about Shaw. I read nasty articles about him when we were in the USA. 'I said to him he needed to train and I changed his programme and he did everything he had to do to be fit. He is training fantastic. 'He is not fit now because he is injured but Roy Hodgson cannot judge at this moment. He can’t judge him because I have never seen him at one of our training sessions. VIDEO scroll down Louis van Gaal: Luke Shaw is nowhere near fit enough . Fitness concerns: Hodgson admits he spoke to Shaw about his fitness during the World Cup . Making his point: Hodgson believes much of Shaw's issues are to do with the fact he is young . 'I think he was referring to the World Cup. I don’t know but I want to ask him.’ United’s new defender Marcos Rojo is unable to play because of complications over his work permit but fellow new boy Angel di Maria will make his debut. Hopes of signing Arturo Vidal from Juventus or William Carvalho from Sporting Lisbon have receded but a deal for Ajax utility man Daley Blind remains likely while United are also in talks with Roma over their midfielder Kevin Strootman. United’s Japanese playmaker Shinji Kagawa is on his way back to Borussia Dortmund while Aston Villa assistant manager Roy Keane has met midfielder Tom Cleverley to try and persuade him to move to the Midlands club. All smiles: Angel di Maria is set to make his Manchester United debut against Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday . Feeling Chile? United have cooled interest in a move for Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal (second left) Going Dutch? Holland and Ajax utility player Daley Blind has been also linked with a move to Old Trafford .
highlights: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has defended Luke Shaw's fitness . Van Gaal says Shaw 'did everything he had to do be fit' on United's US tour . England boss Roy Hodgson criticised Shaw's conditioning on Thursday . Shaw will miss United's trip to Burnley on Saturday, along with nine others . Marco Rojo is unavailable but Angel di Maria will make his debut for United . Van Gaal interested in Roma's Kevin Strootman and Ajax's Daley Blind .
id: 200ebfc6e270a95d0c57d232b34a5cc9e8f2f692
chatgpt: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has come out in support of England international Luke Shaw, defending the left-back's fitness levels. Shaw, who signed for United from Southampton earlier in the summer for a whopping £30m, has been criticised for his conditioning by his national team manager Roy Hodgson. Van Gaal, however, has said that Shaw has done all that he needed to do to be fit for the Premier League season. Speaking ahead of Manchester United's fixture against Burnley on Saturday, Van Gaal said that Shaw had done everything required of him during the club's pre-season tour of the United States. The Dutch manager was also quick to praise Shaw's work ethic and desire to work hard for the team. "Luke Shaw did everything that was asked of him during our pre-season tour of the US," said Van Gaal. "He has been training hard and putting in the effort to get himself into top shape for the start of the new season. He has been a pleasure to work with and is a great addition to the squad." Van Gaal went on to say that Shaw would be missed in the upcoming fixture against Burnley, but that he was confident that the rest of the squad was capable of stepping up and delivering a good performance. "Unfortunately, Luke Shaw will not be able to play in the game against Burnley due to some minor injury concerns," said Van Gaal. "But we have a strong squad and I am confident that whoever steps up in his place will be able to deliver a good performance." Van Gaal also confirmed that Marcos Rojo would be unavailable for the Burnley game due to work permit issues, but that Angel di Maria would make his debut for the club after completing his record-breaking move from Real Madrid. Meanwhile, reports suggest that Van Gaal is keen on signing Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman and Ajax defender Daley Blind before the transfer window closes. The Dutchman worked with both players during his time as the Netherlands national team manager and is thought to be a big admirer of their abilities. Manchester United's new-look squad failed to impress in their opening fixture against Swansea City last weekend, losing 2-1 at home. Van Gaal will be hoping for an improved performance against newly-promoted Burnley on Saturday.