article: Mexico City (CNN) -- A 14-year-old accused of ruthless killings on behalf of a Mexican drug cartel boss is a U.S. citizen, a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said Monday. Gini Staab would not provide any further information. "We have confirmed the boy's U.S. citizenship but can't say  anything more about the boy's situation in the absence of a (provisional arrest warrant) signed by at  least one of the parents," Staab said. Earlier, Staab said that the boy, once his citizenship was confirmed, would be given "all appropriate consular assistance, just like we would for any U.S. citizen arrested and incarcerated overseas." Assistance would include prison visits, information on local attorneys and checks on his welfare, she said. The teen -- reportedly carrying a birth certificate issued in San Diego  -- and two of his sisters were detained Thursday at an airport in central Mexico after an anonymous tip alerted authorities he was heading to Tijuana, Mexico, local media reported. A spokeswoman for the Mexican attorney general's office said authorities detained the 14-year-old Thursday evening on suspicion of working as a drug-cartel hit man, but declined to provide details. But the boy faced a battery of questions from reporters after he was detained, answering questions point-blank as camera flashes lit his face. "I slit their throats," he said, describing what he said was the killing of four people. The teen told reporters after his capture Thursday night that he was an orphan who joined the Pacifico Sur drug cartel when he was 12. He said Julio "El Negro" Padilla, one of the group's alleged leaders, threatened him. "I either work or he'll kill me," the 14-year-old said. With his hands shoved into the pockets of his cargo pants, the 14-year-old told reporters that he was paid weekly in dollars and pesos. But in answering questions about whether he knew what he was doing when he allegedly participated in the killings, the teen said he was under the influence of drugs and unaware of his actions. "No, I didn't know," he said. Troops standing beside the teen while the youth was interviewed wore masks to hide their faces -- a common sight in Mexico, where clashes between authorities and cartels have intensified since President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown shortly after he took office in 2006. But the teen's face was clearly visible. Martin Perez, director of Mexico's Children's Rights Network, said late Friday that authorities should not have given television cameras and newspaper photographers access to the 14-year-old. "It was completely inappropriate, the form of presenting him in front of the media," he said. "Everyone has the right to be presumed innocent," he said. "Also, it could put his life at serious risk. We have to remember that this is a fight between criminal organizations." CNN's Claudia Dominguez, Rey Rodriguez, Nick Valencia and Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report.
highlights: State Department confirms the boy's citizenship, but offers no further information . "I slit their throats," accused teen hit man says . "I either work or he'll kill me," he says, describing a drug cartel boss .
id: 3c0e7ae6c1801da227636c397d579670473f28dd
chatgpt: The US State Department has confirmed the citizenship of a boy linked to a brutal slaying in Mexico, but has not offered any further details. The young boy was allegedly involved in a drug cartel hit which left four people dead, including a US citizen. According to sources close to the investigation, the accused teen hit man has admitted to the killings, saying "I slit their throats." The boy has claimed that he was under the control of a drug cartel boss who threatened to kill him if he didn't carry out the murders. The shocking confession has highlighted the ongoing problem of drug-related violence in Mexico. Officials estimate that more than 30,000 people have been killed in cartel-related violence in the country over the past decade. The accused teen hit man, who is believed to be around 13 years old, has been held in custody since the slayings in late 2020. His case has sparked debate over whether he should be tried as an adult or a juvenile. The boy's mother, who lives in the US, has spoken out in his defense, saying that he was forced into the drug trade by a violent cartel boss. She has also criticized the State Department for not doing more to protect her son and other young Americans who are at risk of being recruited by drug cartels. Meanwhile, the Mexican government has vowed to crack down on the drug trade and work closely with US authorities to prevent further violence. In a statement, the government said that it is working "to ensure that justice is done and that those responsible for these heinous crimes are held accountable." The case of the accused teen hit man has raised questions about the role of drug cartels in Mexico, as well as the consequences for young people who become involved in the drug trade. It has also sparked concerns about the safety of American citizens who live or travel in Mexico. Many are calling for increased cooperation between the US and Mexican governments, as well as greater education and outreach programs to help young people avoid the dangers of drug cartels. With violence continuing to plague the country, it is clear that more needs to be done to address this complex and tragic issue.