article: Accused: MP Eric Joyce has been charged with criminal damage and two counts of assault . MP Eric Joyce has been charged with criminal damage and two counts of assault after an altercation with teenagers at a shop. The 54-year-old independent member for Falkirk explained his actions after the incident, insisted he was only trying to stop a young vandal smashing up the property in Chalk Farm, North London. Today, however, the Metropolitan Police confirmed he has been charged and will appear before Highbury Corner magistrates on December 30. Writing on his blog following his arrest on October 17, Mr Joyce, a former Army major and former Labour MP, said: 'I detained a youth in a shop in London. Damage had been done to the store. 'I asked the shopkeeper to call the police, and when officers arrived they arrested the youth and informed me that drugs had been recovered from the scene. 'The officers also informed me that the youth had immediately made a complaint that I had assaulted him by detaining him.' The Metropolitan Police revealed the arrest after writing to House speaker John Bercow on October 21, according to an entry in the Commons records. Mr Joyce added at the time: 'I am not in the habit of summoning the police if I feel that I am in the wrong.' A police spokesman said at the time that officers were called to 'reports of a fight'. The statement added: 'Upon arrival officers found a man and two teenage boys involved in an altercation. 'A 54-year-old man was subsequently arrested on suspicion of ABH. 'A 14-year-old boy [B] was also arrested at the scene for possession of cannabis. Shop: The MP offered his account of what happened at this shop - and said he was the one who called police . 'Both were taken to a central London police station for questioning. Neither required medical treatment.' Joyce's arrival at Westminster in 2000 came shortly after he quit the Army, making claims of snobbery, sexism and racism in the armed forces. He was elected to Parliament as Labour MP for Falkirk West in a by-election. He increased his majority in the general elections of 2001 and 2005 when the constituency was renamed Falkirk after constituency changes, and held on by a comfortable margin in 2010. However, he was expelled from the Labour party and became an independent MP in 2012. The selection of his replacement as Labour candidate in Falkirk became embroiled in a major scandal amid claims of vote-rigging. Scene: The incident happened on this shopping parade next to Chalk Farm tube station in north London . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Independent MP arrested after incident with two teenagers in October . He explained himself saying 'I do not summon police if I am in the wrong' Member for Falkirk, 54, said he was trying to stop vandal smashing shop . He has been charged with criminal damage and two counts of assault .
id: c29ca219cde09b10382a4f54fbe298967913187b
chatgpt: The Member of Parliament (MP) for Falkirk, who is also an independent, has been arrested and charged following an incident with two teenagers in October. The 54-year-old MP claims he was trying to stop a vandal from smashing a shop window when he was confronted by the teenagers. However, the MP has been charged with criminal damage and two counts of assault. According to police, the MP was seen confronting the teenagers in the early hours of the morning. The MP claims that he was attempting to stop the teenagers from vandalising a shopfront, but the teenagers allege that the MP attacked them. The MP has defended himself, saying that he did not summon the police because he believed he had done nothing wrong. He stated that he believed he was acting in the best interests of the community, and that he had no choice but to intervene when he saw the teenagers vandalising a shop. The incident has caused concern amongst local residents, who have criticised the MP for his actions. Many have called for the MP to resign, arguing that his behaviour was not befitting of an elected representative. The MP has issued a statement in response to the charges, saying that he stands by his actions and that he will fight the charges in court. He has also expressed regret that the incident has caused distress to the teenagers involved and their families. The incident has triggered a debate about the role of MPs in their communities. Some have argued that MPs should not involve themselves in incidents like this, as it could lead to accusations of abuse of power. Others have defended the MP's actions, saying that he was simply acting on behalf of his constituents and trying to protect local businesses. The case is now set to go to trial, and many will be watching to see how it develops. The outcome of the case could have implications for the relationship between MPs and their communities, and the extent to which politicians can get involved in day-to-day incidents. For now, the MP remains in his position, but his arrest and subsequent charges are likely to have an impact on his future as an elected representative. The incident has brought negative attention to the MP and may affect his ability to effectively represent his constituents in the future.