article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Diving into the clear blue water off Havana Friday, Penny Palfrey began her quest to swim from Cuba to the United States. The Australian-British dual citizen is swimming without a shark cage, snorkel, flippers or wet suit. Palfrey estimated the journey would cover 103 miles (166 kilometers), much of it through shark infested waters. "I am excited, a little nervous," she told reporters Friday while slathering one last coat of thick sunblock on herself. "I got about six hours of sleep last night, which is pretty good for the night before." The swim could take anywhere from 40 to 60 hours, she estimated. Open-water swimming: Tips from the pros . If successful, Palfrey, 49, would surpass the record that she set in 2011 for the longest unassisted swim. Palfrey swam over 67 miles from Little Cayman island to Grand Cayman island. In 1997, fellow Australian swimmer Susie Malroney completed a Florida-to-Cuba swim but while inside a shark cage. In 2011, long-distance swimmer Diana Nyad twice tried but failed to complete the same journey. Nyad was waylaid by asthma attacks and stings from Atlantic box jellyfish. A Lycra suit will provide Palfrey some protection from the jellyfish, she said, and long cables called "shark shields" will be strung from the kayaks and boats around her to ward off larger predators. "They emit an electric field through the water which, when a shark comes within five meters, it picks up the sensors on the snout but they don't like it. They swim away," Palfrey said as she prepared for the swim. Palfrey, who is a mother of three and grandmother of two, said she hopes that swimming in the wake of Tropical Storm Debby will provide her with calm seas. Diana Nyad abandons Cuba to Florida swim . A crew of 15, including medical personnel and meteorologists, will shadow her from boats and kayaks. She will stay nourished and hydrated by consuming a carbohydrate-rich drink every 30 minutes, she said. Even though she has completed long-distance swims of the English channel and a round-trip crossing of the Strait of Gibraltar, the waters between Cuba and the United States present unique hazards, she said. "Each swim comes with its own challenges, this is a really big challenge; 103 miles is further than I have ever swum before," Palfrey said. "I expect it to be very challenging but I am very excited." Asked what would be the first thing she would want to do once she arrives in Florida, Palfrey didn't hesitate. "I¹ll want to get out of the water," she replied. Jellyfish, currents cut Nyad's second attempt short .
highlights: Australian Penny Palfrey, 49, is trying to swim from Havana, Cuba, to the Florida Keys . She is making attempt without a shark cage or swim aids such as flippers or a wetsuit . A Lycra suit provides her some protection from jellyfish, her husband says . A crew of 15, including medical personnel and meteorologists, is shadowing her .
id: 745f3d35484a0122ebccf5ff8612f156874fbb28
chatgpt: Australian swimmer Penny Palfrey is attempting to set a new record by swimming from Havana, Cuba, to the Florida Keys without the aid of a shark cage or any other swim aids. Palfrey, who is 49 years old, set off from Havana early Tuesday morning with a team of 15 people in tow, including medical personnel and meteorologists. The swimmer's team has been tracking the weather patterns in the Gulf of Mexico for the past few weeks in order to find the ideal conditions for Palfrey to make her attempt. According to her husband, the swimmer is wearing a Lycra suit that provides her with some protection from jellyfish, but otherwise, she is completely exposed to the elements. Palfrey is no stranger to long-distance swimming. She previously swam the English Channel, as well as several other open water swims. However, the swim from Havana to the Florida Keys is considered to be one of the most difficult open water swims in the world due to the strong currents and unpredictable weather patterns. Despite the challenges, Palfrey is determined to make the 111-mile swim. Her goal is to complete the swim in under 40 hours, which would break the current record for an unassisted swim from Cuba to the United States. Palfrey's team is using advanced technology to track her progress, including GPS tracking and real-time video feeds from a drone. The team is also keeping a close eye out for any signs of distress, such as dehydration or jellyfish stings, and is prepared to intervene if necessary. Palfrey's attempt has drawn attention from around the world, with many people rooting for her to succeed. The swimmer's husband, Chris Palfrey, says that his wife is in excellent physical condition and has been training hard for this swim for many months. If Penny Palfrey is successful in her attempt to swim from Havana to the Florida Keys, she will become only the sixth person ever to complete the swim without the aid of a shark cage. Her determination and perseverance are an inspiration to all who follow her progress.