article: (CNN) -- Barcelona maintained their 100% record in La Liga on Saturday night with a memorable 3-2 win against Sevilla at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan. An injury-time strike from substitute David Villa preserved Tito Vilanova's side perfect start to the season after Sevilla had built a 2-0 lead. Winger Piotr Trochowski put the home side in front firing home in the 26th minute before Spanish striker Negredo doubled the lead in the 48th minute -- executing a delightful chip over the onrushing Victor Valdes after being played in by Gary Medel. A Barca fightback looked unlikely, but was given momentum five minutes later when Cesc Fabregas fired home a left-foot drive. Sevilla attempts to hang on to their lead weren't helped when Medel was shown a red card by referee Antonio Miguel Mateu Lahoz‎ for an apparent head butt on Fabregas in the 72nd minute. It proved a pivotal point in the game. Barcelona, aided by substitute's Thiago and Villa, surged forward in search of an equalizer which eventually arrived from the boot of Fabregas who calmly slotted home under Andres Palop after Lionel Messi had played him in. The Argentine was on hand again for the third, linking with Villa who banged home the winner deep into stoppage time. Barcelona have 18 points from six matches while Sevilla remain in fifth with 11. Real Madrid, who have just seven points from their opening five matches, play Deportivo La Coruna on Sunday. In Saturday's other matches, Valencia beat Real Zaragoza 2-0 thanks to goals in either half from Algerian midfielder Feghouli and Jonathan Viera while Malaga moved up to second with a thumping 4-0 win over Real Betis at the Estadio La Rosaleda. Joaquin opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 13th minute before Javier Saviola doubled the lead 15 minutes later. An Amaya own-goal in the 72nd minute sealed victory but Isco added a fourth two minutes later to round off a resounding win. In Italy, Juventus consolidated their position at the top of Serie A with a convincing 4-1 win against Roma. Andrea Pirlo, Arturo Vidal and Alessandro Matri all scored in the first 20 minutes to all but seal victory. Osvaldo converted a penalty to pull one back for the visitors with 19 minutes remaining, but an injury-time goal from Sebastian Giovinco rounded off a comfortable evening for the league leaders as they edged three points clear of Napoli, who travel to Sampdoria on Sunday. AC Milan were held to a 1-1 draw against Parma at the Stadio Ennio Tardini. Stephan El Shaarawy's put the visitors ahead five minutes into the second half only for Daniele Galloppa to equalize 11 minutes later.
highlights: Fabregas scores brace as Barcelona come back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 at Sevilla . Malaga move up to second with a thumping 4-0 win over Real Betis; Valencia beat Zaragoza 2-0 . In Serie A, Juventus extend lead at top of table with a 4-1 win over Roma; AC Milan draw 1-1 at Parma .
id: 5e61df5d260320726fce4ab4d705d095e26679cc
chatgpt: Barcelona displayed great resilience as they came from two goals down to secure a stunning 3-2 win away at Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday. The win sees the Catalan giants leapfrog Sevilla to go third in the table, just two points off leaders Atletico Madrid. Cesc Fabregas was the hero of the day, scoring two second-half goals to complete the comeback. It was a tough start for Barcelona, as they found themselves two goals behind within the first half-hour of the game. Alberto Moreno opened the scoring for Sevilla in the 15th minute, before Carlos Bacca doubled their lead in the 29th minute. However, Barcelona responded well and were able to pull one back before half-time, with Lionel Messi scoring a superb free-kick. The second half was a different story, as Barcelona took control of the game and pushed forward for an equalizer. They got their reward in the 67th minute, as Cesc Fabregas found the back of the net to level the scores. The Spaniard then completed his brace in the 85th minute to give Barcelona a vital three points. Elsewhere in La Liga, Malaga moved up to second in the table with a commanding 4-0 win over Real Betis. Isco scored twice for Malaga, while Roque Santa Cruz and Samuel Sanchez also got on the scoresheet. Valencia recorded a comfortable 2-0 win over Zaragoza, with goals from Roberto Soldado and Sofiane Feghouli. In Serie A, Juventus extended their lead at the top of the table with a crushing 4-1 win over Roma. Arturo Vidal scored twice for the Bianconeri, while Andrea Pirlo and Alessandro Matri also got on the scoresheet. Roma could only manage a consolation goal through Marco Borriello. AC Milan, on the other hand, had to settle for a 1-1 draw away at Parma. Stephan El Shaarawy gave Milan the lead in the 50th minute, but a late equalizer from Nicola Sansone denied the Rossoneri all three points. The win for Barcelona over Sevilla puts them firmly in the title race in La Liga, while Malaga's impressive form sees them as early contenders for European qualification. Juventus, meanwhile, continue to lead the way in Serie A, with AC Milan struggling to keep pace with the top teams.