article: By . Ian Ladyman . Follow @@Ian_Ladyman_DM . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal praised the attitude of defender Luke Shaw after the teenage defender came through 45 minutes against Inter Milan despite not being match fit. Van Gaal revealed on Monday that Shaw, 19, has been struggling for match fitness and the England international trained on his own in the hour leading up to United’s game at FedExField as he was not expected to be used. But an injury to young replacement Reece James left United with a problem and Van Gaal said of Shaw: 'He is working very hard and he was lucky tonight. VIDEO Scroll down for Van Gaal forces Shaw to train alone . Raring to go: Luke Shaw was handed the chance to impress Louis van Gaal against Inter Milan . Chance: Shaw will be determined to make the left-back spot his own this season . Mentor: United boss Van Gaal speaks to Shaw before his run-out against Inter Milan . 'Normally we would play Reece James but he was injured. So I asked Luke if he would play. 'He did a very hard training session this morning but he said he would play and he still did very well.' United were the better team against the Italians but had to rely on a penalty shootout after drawing 0-0. United scored all their penalties, with Darren Fletcher scoring the winner. Van Gaal said: 'Yesterday Fletcher hit the post in practice. It's luck but we deserved the win I think. 'I’m pleased. We played better than our other games on tour. 'We played well and conceded only one shot on goal. We created six or seven chances and that means it’s 7-1. Spot on: Darren Fletcher scored the winning penalty as Manchester United edged out Inter Milan . Party time: Fletcher celebrates with his team-mates following United's latest win . VIDEO Van Gaal forces Shaw to train alone . 'I was very pleased with our ball possession. It was much better and we covered our positions better. I was very pleased with my players tonight.' Van Gaal also revealed after the game that he was in the market for new defenders. He added: 'We have conceded zero goals and then one wonder goal and a penalty. 'We have conceded zero goals today. We are doing well but we are looking for defenders. 'Defenders have gone and we have to replace them. 'But I like Tyler Blackett and Michael Keane. We have to see if we can play more matches like today. 'Inter and Roma are in preparation but the Premier League will be different.' So far so good: Louis van Gaal was in high spirits along with his assistants .
highlights: Shaw had not expected to play against Inter Milan . An injury to Reece James gave the left back his chance in the second half . Shaw, who cost £27million from Southampton, is not yet match fit . Louis van Gaal was impressed with the England defender .
id: 547565df3c58393de21db726df79bdcbed2250fb
chatgpt: Manchester United left-back Luke Shaw was given an unexpected opportunity to play against Inter Milan in the International Champions Cup. Shaw, who was signed from Southampton for £27 million, had not been expected to feature due to his lack of match fitness. However, an injury to Reece James gave him a chance to play in the second half of the match. Despite not being at his best, Shaw did well in his limited time on the pitch. He showed glimpses of his attacking abilities, making a few darting runs down the left flank. Shaw's ability to get forward and deliver dangerous crosses was evident, and he almost set up a goal with a teasing ball into the box.  However, there were moments when Shaw looked a bit rusty defensively. His positioning was not always perfect, and there were a couple of occasions when he was caught out of position. Nevertheless, his performance was enough to impress manager Louis van Gaal. Van Gaal was particularly impressed with Shaw's attitude and work rate. Despite not being fully match fit, the left-back showed a lot of effort and determination on the pitch. Van Gaal praised Shaw for his willingness to learn and improve, and said that he was happy with the defender's overall performance. Shaw's performance against Inter Milan is a positive sign for Manchester United fans, who have been eagerly awaiting his return to full fitness. The 23-year-old had a difficult first season at Old Trafford, as he struggled with injuries and fitness issues. However, he is determined to put those problems behind him and establish himself as a key player in the team. The match against Inter Milan was Shaw's second appearance of the pre-season, after featuring in the 1-1 draw with Club America. He still has some way to go before he is fully match fit, but his performance against Inter Milan shows that he is on the right track. Manchester United fans will be hoping that Shaw continues to improve and impress as the new season approaches. With the departure of Daley Blind and the injury to James, the left-back position is one that needs to be filled, and Shaw will be looking to make it his own. If he can stay fit and build on his performance against Inter Milan, he could be a key player for Manchester United in the coming season.