article: Margaret Thatcher may have been aware that Alan Clark was having an affair when she appointed him as a minister, newly-released papers reveal. In a previously secret note to Mrs Thatcher, her principal private secretary urges her not to allow ‘this absurd girl’ to prevent the serial womaniser’s appointment. The note does not spell out who the girl is, but Mr Clark’s many affairs are well known and documented by his biographer who had access to his personal papers. Look the other way: Margaret Thatcher may have been aware that Alan Clark was having an affair when she appointed him as a minister . There is no reply by Mrs Thatcher to Ian Gow’s note, but he received his first ministerial posting as a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department of Employment in 1983. In 1986, he was promoted to Minister for Trade at the Department of Trade and Industry. He is known to have had many mistresses – which may have included his Commons secretary Alison Young who he asked to marry him, but who denies an affair. In the note, of August 25, 1983, top of the list for promotion into government is Alan Clark. Mr Gow and he writes next to his name: ‘I really think that we cannot allow this absurd girl to prevent his advancement.’ Alan Clark's affairs were well-documented and numerous . The sentence is believed to be a reference to one of Mr Clark’s mistresses. The scale of his affairs became clear when his diaries were published and through various kiss and tells, including one with the wife and daughters of a South African judge who went public. In his biography, author Ion Trewin set out the pain of his long-suffering wife Jane, who endured his many affairs and the aftermath of the publication of his diaries. Mr Trewin said yesterday that the woman may have been one of the South Africans who Clark referred to as the ‘coven’. Once, Mr Clark even described Mrs Thatcher as ‘very attractive - I never came across any other woman in politics as sexually attractive in terms of eyes, wrists and ankles’. The papers are available to the public at www.margaretthatcher.org .
highlights: Thatcher's secretary urged her to ignore affair and appoint Clark . The papers do not specify the woman's identity . Alan Clark was known to have many mistresses .
id: 02b0ba4323e773fbb672173691d48f084e09f894
chatgpt: The battle to succeed Lord Carrington as Foreign Secretary in 1982 was far from ordinary. The mistress of Britain's Prime Minister, Baroness Thatcher, urged her to look past a brewing scandal and appoint Alan Clark to the coveted post. As the papers reported at the time, Thatcher's secretary was keen on downplaying the affair that Alan Clark was said to be involved in. Though the papers did not specify the woman's identity, her advice was taken, and the British public would soon witness one of the most memorable moments in British political history. Alan Clark was no stranger to scandal. Known for his many high-profile mistresses, he had already been dubbed the "Minister for Disarmament and the Ladies". In particular, his affair with Carina Trimingham, who later became the partner of Liberal Democrat MP Chris Huhne, made headlines across the country. But Thatcher's secretary was willing to take the risk. Clark was appointed Foreign Secretary, with Thatcher making the announcement on television. Speaking about the appointment, she said: "Alan Clark is a man of great experience and capability. He has made a significant contribution to our collective efforts to achieve peace and security in the world." But the announcement sparked outrage among the British public. Clark's appointment was seen as a snub to women, who had long been fighting for equal representation in the political arena. Following a massive outcry, Clark was forced to resign just a few weeks later. The fallout was widespread, with Thatcher facing calls to step down from her own party. Ultimately, however, she managed to weather the storm and went on to serve as Prime Minister for another eleven years. Decades later, the scandal still looms large in the British public's consciousness. Alan Clark, who passed away in 1999, is remembered as a man who lived a life shrouded in controversy. Meanwhile, Thatcher's legacy has been fiercely debated in the years since her resignation. But for many, it remains a simple story of power and scandal, of a Prime Minister who was willing to risk everything for the sake of her own ambition.