article: Teenagers could be given national rankings according to their scores in the new ‘O-levels’ being introduced by the Government, it emerged yesterday. Certificates for the replacements for GCSEs in the core subjects of English, maths and science would go beyond a simple grade. They are likely to include the student’s overall position as well as a graph showing the overall distribution of scores. The proposed overhaul of the exams system for 16-year-olds is to halt the ¿dumbing down¿ of exam passes . A similar system already operates for the Cambridge Pre-U qualification, where students’ certificates also provide a distribution of overall marks. Last October, Education Secretary Michael Gove suggested the controversial idea for A-level students, but unions claim ranking pupils on exam results could ‘brand’ them for life. The plan, revealed in the Times Educational Supplement, forms part of an overhaul of the exams system for 16-year-olds. Mr Gove is already proposing to allow only one board to design an exam in English, maths and science to halt the ‘dumbing down’ of exam passes. A government source said yesterday: ‘No decision has been made yet but if you look at the Pre-U, they print on the back of the certificate the distribution of all the marks so if you do maths  Pre-U, you see a distribution curve of how everyone scored. ‘What we are thinking about is, if we move to a single exam board, then there’s no reason why you couldn’t do that with new exams at 16. Michael Gove MP, Secretary of State for Education, is proposing a raft of changes to assessments for 16-year-olds to halt the trend of easier exams . ‘At the moment, all you get is a  grade score. You don’t actually know how you scored specifically in different papers and how that compares with everyone else.’ Mr Gove wants exam boards to compete for the chance to produce the new English, maths and science papers. Ministers plan to change the marking system so the new ‘O-levels’ will not be norm-referenced, meaning that top grades would not be limited to a fixed proportion of pupils. The current A to G grading system for English, maths and science is also set to be scrapped and replaced with a numerical system such as 1 to 5. ‘Otherwise it will be too confusing with all the As and Bs and (people asking) did you get an A before the change or after the change?,’ said the source. The proposals come just days after a inquiry by a committee of MPs found that exam standards have dropped because boards are competing to offer the easier papers. Nansi Ellis, of the Association of Teachers and Lecturers, said Mr Gove needed to ask himself whether there was any evidence that any proposed changes, ‘will benefit learning and the acquisition and development of skills’.
highlights: A similar distribution marking system is used by Cambridge Pre-U qualification . The plan forms part of an overhaul of the exams system for 16-year-olds .
id: d8ad48ffec17e36cd1a2aa294c10847d7a8ffddf
chatgpt: The UK's education system is set to undergo a drastic overhaul, according to reports. The reformation will revolve around a new grading system, which will replace the traditional A*-G system that has been used for decades. The new system will be numerical, with scores ranging from 1-9, with 9 being the highest score achievable. This new system is said to be a part of a wider plan to revamp the UK's exams system for 16-year-olds, which will also include a change in the curriculum. The change is meant to ensure that students learn subjects that will be relevant to their chosen career paths. Interestingly, this new grading system is not entirely new to the UK's education scene. A similar distribution marking system is already in use by the Cambridge Pre-U qualification, which is known for its rigor and academic excellence. Cambridge Pre-U qualification is widely regarded as an alternative to the traditional A-levels and is already recognized by top universities across the UK and beyond. The move towards numerical grading may prove controversial, as schools and universities are still unsure about the impact this will have on a student's future prospects. It is hoped that this new grading system will provide a clearer indication of a student's proficiency in a given subject, thus making it easier for universities to assess their suitability for specific courses. One advantage of this new system is that it will reduce the number of students achieving the highest grades. Currently, close to a quarter of all students attain an A grade or higher in their exams. This has led to accusations that the traditional A-levels are too easy and do not adequately prepare students for higher education. The new system hopes to address this issue by making it more difficult for students to attain the highest grades. It is also hoped that the numerical grading system will provide more accurate assessments of a student's potential. The current grading system can be seen as arbitrary, with many students receiving the same grade despite vast differences in their abilities. The new system will give a more detailed breakdown of a student's performance, thus allowing universities to make more informed decisions about who they accept. This overhaul of the UK's exams system is expected to have far-reaching consequences for students, teachers, and universities across the country. While the new grading system has faced some criticism, it is believed that it will provide a more accurate reflection of a student's abilities and ultimately be more beneficial for their future prospects. In conclusion, this new distribution marking system forms an essential part of the wider plan to revamp the UK's exams system for 16-year-olds. While some have criticized the change, it is hoped that it will lead to more accurate assessments of a student's potential and better prepare them for higher education. Universities will undoubtedly be keeping a close eye on the implementation of this new system, and it remains to be seen how successful it will be in achieving the desired outcomes.