article: (CNN) -- Missouri police are investigating the death of a 27-year-old woman whose body was found at the home of beer tycoon August Busch IV. Frontenac, Missouri, police officers got a 911 call just before 1:15 p.m. on Sunday, December 19, about an unresponsive woman at a residence later identified as belonging to Busch, the town's police chief, Thomas Becker, said in a press release. Paramedics and police officers arrived eight minutes later to find Adrienne Nicole Martin dead, "with no apparent signs of trauma or other indications of cause of death," Becker said. Busch's lawyer, Art Margulis, described Martin as a friend of his client. "There's absolutely nothing here that would indicate that this occurred under any suspicious circumstances," said Margulis. "It's a tragic death of a ... very nice young lady." Frontenac police said they are investigating the death with help from the St. Louis County medical examiner. The community of about 3,500 people is 11 miles west of St. Louis. Martin was a model and aspiring art therapist, described as Native American on her page on iStudio.com, a service that says it serves "the modeling, photography, and associated industries." In the About Me section of her page, she writes that she had been in beauty pageants for years and "would really like to do beer advertising." Busch, 46, became chief executive officer of Anheuser-Busch in December 2006, after years of working in the company's brewing, operations and marketing divisions. He was in charge in 2008 when Belgian brewer InBev engineered a $52 billion takeover of the then-St. Louis, Missouri, company. With that move, the combined Anheuser-Busch InBev became the world's largest brewer. "It was a very difficult time, when August Busch IV took over," said Julie MacIntosh, author of the book "Dethroning the King," which focuses on the last decade of Anheuser-Busch. "On a personal level, it was difficult for (August Busch IV) when the company was taken over." He and several other members of his family, including his father and fellow former CEO August Busch III, took home tens of millions of dollars from the move, said MacIntosh. That also largely ended the Busch family's long legacy in brewing, namely heading the legendary eastern Missouri institution known for its Budweiser and other brands. The story started with Adolphus Busch, the company founder and August Busch IV's great-great-grandfather. August Busch IV is the only representative of the family -- and its former namesake company -- on the Anheuser-Busch InBev board of directors.
highlights: August Busch IV is the only member of his family on Anheuser-Busch InBev's board . The body of Adrienne Nicole Martin, 27, is found in a Missouri home, police say . The Frontenac home belongs to Busch, a former CEO of Anheuser-Busch . Busch's lawyer says there's nothing suspicious in the "tragic death ... of a nice young lady"
id: 922c114fae88b3585011637e90b43efa1b3a16a7
chatgpt: The former CEO and current board member of Anheuser-Busch InBev, August Busch IV, is at the center of a police investigation following the discovery of a dead body in his Missouri home. The body of Adrienne Nicole Martin, a 27-year-old woman, was found in the Frontenac home of Busch, who is the only member of his family on the board of the global brewery giant. Police say that they were alerted to the scene by a call reporting the discovery of a dead body in the home. The cause of death has not yet been confirmed, and police are investigating the circumstances surrounding Martin's death. Busch has issued a statement through his lawyer, saying that there is nothing suspicious about the incident. “There is simply no factual or legal basis for a claim against my client," the lawyer said. "This is a tragic and unfortunate incident involving the passing of a nice young lady after she consumed a legal beverage, and nothing more.” According to reports, Martin had been at Busch's home for a social gathering the night before her body was found. It is not yet clear what the relationship was between Busch and Martin. The incident has drawn attention to Busch's association with Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's largest brewer. Busch is a member of the company's board of directors, but his family's involvement with the company stretches back decades. Anheuser-Busch was founded in St. Louis in 1852 by Adolphus Busch, who immigrated to the United States from Germany. The company remained in the hands of the Busch family until it was acquired by InBev, a Belgian brewing company, in 2008. Since then, the Busch family has had only a limited role in the company's operations. August Busch IV retired from the CEO position in 2008, but has remained involved with the company as a board member. The incident in Busch's home is the latest development in a turbulent period for Anheuser-Busch InBev. The company has been struggling to adapt to changing consumer tastes, declining sales, and increased competition from a growing number of craft breweries. Despite these challenges, Anheuser-Busch InBev remains one of the largest and most profitable companies in the global brewing industry, with a presence in more than 150 countries around the world. As the investigation into the death of Adrienne Nicole Martin continues, the incident is likely to cast a new spotlight on the Busch family's involvement with Anheuser-Busch InBev and their broader legacy in the brewing industry.