article: By . Alfonso Serrano F. PUBLISHED: . 11:46 EST, 15 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:12 EST, 16 March 2012 . A New York girl kidnapped four years ago by her father has been found living in Thailand by FBI agents. Deonna Shipman, who is now eight, was allegedly snatched in July 2007 by  Jeffery Shipman, 51, after he was denied custody. She was tracked down to Bangkok two weeks ago after a long-running operation by the FBI and is said to be in good health. Taken: Police say Jeffery Shipman kidnapped his daughter Deonna after losing a custody battle . Her father, who used to work for the state Department of Transportation, was detained in Thailand on international parental kidnapping charges and then transported to Los Angeles, where he was arraigned. Deonna has been returned to her Syracuse-area home, according to Onondaga County Sheriff Kevin Walsh. Shipman, U.S. Marshals say, will eventually be returned to Onandoga County for further court appearances. When her daughter was abducted, mother Lioubov Shipman became what experts call 'the left-behind parent'. She will soon return to the Syracuse area from Russia - the native country where she has been studying nursing - to be reunited with her daughter. Ms Shipman and her ex-husband, Jeffrey, shared joint custody of the little girl since their divorce three years ago. Deonna Shipman, now 8, was found two weeks ago in Bangkok, Thailand . While she had physical custody, Shipman was allowed visitation only. Both parents filed petitions seeking to modify the order in June of 2007 in Onondaga County Family Court. At the family’s last court appearance, Shipman told his ex-wife: 'If I can’t have her, no one will.' 'I took it lightly,' she said shortly after her daughter’s disappearance. 'I thought he was just angry.' Authorities believe Shipman abducted Deonna after one of his court-appointed visits after losing the lengthy custody battle with his wife. International agencies included Interpol searched for Deonna, seen here before her disappearance, and finally found her on February 24 . Police . authorities tracked Shipman's car to Monroe County Airport in Rochester . and later determined he had flown to London. At that point, though, . they lost track of him. He bought tickets to Frankfurt, Germany, also but these were never used. Authoritie believe he bought them to throw them off the scent. But . FBI officials never let up in their search for Deonna, according to . Walsh, finally finding her, and arresting Shipman, on February 24. 'They . got Interpol and all the international agencies involved in trying to . track him down and it wasn't until just this past month that they found . him in Thailand,' Walsh told YNN. 'But they've (FBI) had him on their most wanted list,' added Walsh. It was not clear what led the FBI to Thailand.
highlights: Police believe father acted after losing a custody battle . Father had been on FBI's most wanted list .
id: f7073abab6444f4cb3234317d13ed1529c166391
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, a man on the FBI's most wanted list is believed to have acted out of desperation after losing a custody battle. Police are investigating the case and trying to piece together what led to the violent incident. The father, whose identity has not yet been released, was involved in a custody dispute with his ex-partner. According to sources close to the case, the father was devastated when a judge ruled against him and granted custody to his former partner. Witnesses have reported that the man had been acting strangely in the weeks leading up to the incident. He was seen drinking heavily and making threatening statements to friends and family members, indicating that he was not going to accept the judge's decision. On the day of the incident, the father is believed to have gone to his ex-partner's house with a gun. There, a violent altercation ensued, resulting in the death of several individuals. It is not yet clear how many people were killed and injured in the incident. Police and emergency services arrived on the scene soon after the incident, but the damage had already been done. The father fled the scene and was later apprehended by police. Speaking to reporters, a police spokesperson stated that the investigation was ongoing and that they were still trying to piece together exactly what had happened. However, they did confirm that the father was believed to have acted out of desperation after losing his custody battle. The incident has shocked the local community, who are struggling to come to terms with the senseless violence. Many have expressed their condolences to the affected families and have called for increased support for families involved in custody battles. This tragic incident is a stark reminder of the emotional toll that custody battles can take on families. It is important that families are provided with adequate support and guidance to help them navigate the process and avoid situations like this in the future. It is also a reminder of the important role that law enforcement plays in keeping our communities safe. Despite the father's desperation, his actions were unacceptable and cannot be condoned. The police officers involved in apprehending him and investigating the incident deserve our gratitude and respect. As the investigation continues, our thoughts are with the families affected by this tragedy. We hope that they will be given the support and resources they need to heal and move forward from this difficult time.