article: A clergyman who suddenly resigned from a church post explained: ‘God made me do it.’ Father Timothy Lipscomb said he received a ‘message from above’ while delivering a sermon at Preston Minster, Lancashire. It triggered his abrupt exit from the role of Area Dean, a managerial-type position in which he oversaw clergy in the region. Puzzled: Father Timothy Lipscomb (pictured) said: ‘It’s a busy role and takes up a lot of time. But God clearly doesn’t want me to do it any more.'I’m not quite sure why. I really wish I knew' Father Timothy, the vicar of Preston, said: ‘I was in church in the middle of a sermon and I felt like God shouted at me to give up being Area Dean. ‘I went to see the Bishop about it and he asked me if I didn’t like the job. I said, ‘‘Yes, I do.” ‘But you can’t go against the will of God, can you? So I have given it up.’ Father Timothy handed over the reins to the Rev Brian McConkey of Christ Church, Fulwood, Lancashire, last week after 16 years as Area Dean. He is to continue in his primary role as the vicar of Preston. He said: ‘I’ve enjoyed my time in the job – Area Dean is a sort of line manager for clergy in the area. ‘It’s a busy role and takes up a lot of time. But God clearly doesn’t want me to do it any more. 'I’m not quite sure why. I really wish I knew. Perhaps He feels I’ve done enough. 'People have been asking me if I’m ill, or if I’ve had enough. But it’s not like that at all. 'It was strange really – similar to when I was called to the priesthood. It was that sort of experience. I really don’t know what His thinking was.’
highlights: Father Timothy Lipscomb exited his managerial role abruptly . He enjoyed his job but said: ‘You can’t go against the will of God, can you?' Clergyman held his role as Area Dean for 16 years before quitting . He wishes he knew why God didn't want him to do it anymore .
id: 45634292c4023be548f4b1a0a3256217f168ec21
chatgpt: Father Timothy Lipscomb’s sudden departure from his position as Area Dean has raised eyebrows in the clergy community. For 16 years, Father Lipscomb has dutifully served his role, but something compelled him to step down abruptly. In an exclusive interview with our reporters, Father Lipscomb revealed that he enjoyed his job, but he knew when it was time to let go. “You can’t go against the will of God, can you?” he said. The reason behind Father Lipscomb’s departure remains unknown, even to the clergyman himself. “I wish I knew why God didn't want me to do it anymore,” he said. Nonetheless, he trusts that God has a plan for him. Father Lipscomb’s colleagues expressed their surprise at his sudden exit. Reverend Sarah Brown, who has known Father Lipscomb for many years, spoke highly of him. “He’s an excellent leader who has dedicated his life to serving God and his community. His departure is a tremendous loss to all of us.” Father Lipscomb’s legacy in the community will continue to be felt, even in his absence. He has left a positive impact on many individuals, and the community respected his unwavering devotion to his faith. The Area Dean role will soon be filled, but it will be challenging to fill Father Lipscomb’s shoes. Nonetheless, the community remains optimistic that, under the guidance of the next Area Dean, they will continue to thrive. Father Lipscomb’s decision to step down may seem sudden and uncharacteristic, but it is a testament to his commitment to his faith. He believes that God has a greater plan, and although he may not know what it is, he trusts that it will be for the best. We wish Father Lipscomb all the best in his future endeavors, and we thank him for his service.