article: Paris (CNN) -- Citing "unsanitary and unsecure living conditions," French Interior Minister Manuel Valls ordered police early Monday to dismantle a Roma camp set up along suburban railway tracks in Evry, south of Paris, and expel 72 inhabitants, including 19 children. It is a controversial decision for President Francois Hollande's Socialist Party, which attacked former President Nicolas Sarkozy when his party dismantled Roma camps around France in 2010. Since the beginning of August, five camps have been dismantled under Valls' directive. "I cannot support -- not just as interior minister, but as a citizen, as a militant member of the left -- these shantytowns, these huts where people live in conditions that are totally unbearable," Valls said in an interview with Europe1 radio. Without giving details, he said the people will be housed elsewhere and will not be deported. However, he rejected the idea of housing all the Roma inhabitants in one building. "It is necessary to fight against these mafias, these networks who maintain delinquency, who maintain also a criminality notably through the exploitation of minors," he said of the Roma, who also are called Gypsies. Serge Guichard, of the Roma Europe support group, told CNN that his association was "shocked and furious" about the dismantling of the camp. "We're talking about putting them in the care of the Red Cross. But after one week or two weeks, what happens to them? They return to the streets? Those who had a job will be unemployed, and children who were in school will no longer be educated," he said. "It is unacceptable that in this country, human rights are not respected," he said, lamenting the "incapacity of those elected to see Roma as humans and not objects." During his presidential campaign this year, Hollande sent a letter to Roma support groups saying that when camps were dismantled, alternative solutions would be proposed. The European Commission investigated Sarkozy's government for abuses after the dismantling and destruction of Roma camps in 2010. At the time, Roma who voluntarily left France were given 300 euros in cash per adult and 150 euros per child. Last week, the government sought to appease criticism by easing up on work restrictions for Romanian and Bulgarian nationals. Valls said he will accompany the French minister for European affairs to Romania and Bulgaria to address the question of the Roma encampments in mid-September. Roma are a group of people who live mainly in southern and eastern Europe, often in poverty. They tend to live in camps, caravans or informal settlements and have been the target of persecution throughout history. According to the nonprofit organization Doctors of the World, or Medecins du Monde, around 15,000 Roma people live in makeshift camps across France.
highlights: Interior minister's action means expulsion of 72 inhabitants, including 19 children . He says they will be housed elsewhere and will not be deported . Move is controversial: Socialist Party attacked party that dismantled Roma camps in 2010 . Roma Europe support group says it's "shocked and furious" about the dismantling .
id: 5680b51f2a7b602b695dc00dc62490c786d058cc
chatgpt: The action of the Interior Minister to expel 72 inhabitants, including 19 children, from their homes has caused controversy in France. The announcement was made recently and has been met with criticism from all sides. Supporters of the move argue that the individuals are being moved to new homes and will not be deported, while critics argue that the move is an attack on the Roma community. The Socialist Party has been the most vocal in its opposition to the move. They were quick to point out that it was the same party that dismantled Roma camps in 2010. The Interior Minister has defended his actions, saying that the individuals were living in unsafe conditions and that the move was in their best interest. The decision has also been met with shock and anger from advocacy groups. The Roma Europe Support Group issued a statement condemning the move, saying that they were "shocked and furious" about the dismantling. The group has called on the French government to reconsider its decision and to find a better solution for the individuals affected. The Roma community has long been a target of discrimination in France. Members of the community have faced eviction and deportation in the past, and many have been forced to live in makeshift camps. The French government has been criticized for its treatment of the Roma community, and the recent action by the Interior Minister has only intensified those criticisms. The move to expel the individuals has also raised questions about the housing situation in France. The government has been criticized for its failure to provide adequate housing for its citizens, and many see the move as an attempt to sweep the issue under the rug. The situation in France is not unique. Roma communities across Europe have faced similar discrimination and displacement. The European Union has called on its member states to take action to address the issue and to provide better living conditions for the Roma community. In the end, it is uncertain what the future holds for the individuals affected by the Interior Minister’s decision. It is clear, however, that the issue of discrimination against the Roma community in France and across Europe is far from resolved. Advocacy groups, politicians, and citizens will continue to fight for the rights and welfare of a community that has been marginalized and ignored for far too long.