article: AFC Wimbledon chief executive Erik Samuelson is dreaming of an FA Cup upset akin to the one they handed to Liverpool in 1988. The Crazy Gang's victory against the Merseyside behemoths remains one of the greatest shocks in the competition's history. It is a day Samuelson, at Wembley that day with his eldest son, will never forget and one makes Monday's third-round tie with the Reds all the more special. AFC Wimbledon chief executive Erik Samuelson is dreaming of an FA Cup upset akin to the one over Liverpool . Samuelson was at Wembley that day in 1988 with his eldest son and will never forget their win over Liverpool . 'Dreams - that what it is all about,' the AFC Wimbledon chief executive said. 'It is a chance to dream about what might happen and fond imaginings of the end result. I'd like us to be seen to have done well in every respect. 'I want people to come away thinking this is a decent club, they know how to do things properly and they're respectful, but they gave them a hard time on the pitch.' Samuelson additionally hopes Monday's match will highlight the Dons' need to move away from their current Kingsmeadow home, where just 4,800 will be in attendance for Liverpool's visit. AFC Wimbledon have recently submitted a planning application to return to their spiritual home in Merton, with the club keen to continue the rise that began in 2002. Dave Beasant of Wimbledon dives to his left to save a penalty from John Aldridge during the 1988 FA Cup final . Wimbledon manager Bobby Gould wears the trophy on his head as he celebrates with his team in 1988 . Wimbledon beat Liverpool 1-0 to win the 1988 FA Cup final at Wembley and want to cause another upset . Infuriated by the decision to allow the old club to relocate to Milton Keynes, the Dons reformed in the Combined Counties League and have since risen to become League Two promotion hopefuls and reach the FA Cup third round. 'I think is a really important milestone,' Samuelson said. 'We've had a number of them since we started, be it our first ever game or the game that got us promoted to the Football League. it is up there with them. 'It is the first time we've ever reached the third round of the FA Cup and here we are and draw Liverpool. What more could any fan or any club official want for? It's absolutely brilliant.' Brendan Rodgers (centre) looks on during training as Liverpool prepare for Wimbledon on Monday . Wimbledon's Samuelson: 'Dreams - that what it is all about. It is a chance to dream about what might happen'
highlights: Wimbledon beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup final in 1988 at Wembley . It remains among the greatest shocks in the competition's history . Wimbledon chief executive Erik Samuelson was there that day and is keen to cause another upset in Monday's third-round tie against Liverpool .
id: 91b1e40ed9041134c44c51c031663a07254068f1
chatgpt: Monday's FA Cup third-round match between Wimbledon and Liverpool brings back memories of the legendary 1988 final between the two teams. Wimbledon, a team that had only recently been promoted to the First Division, stunned the world by beating Liverpool 1-0 at Wembley. That victory remains one of the greatest shocks in FA Cup history. Wimbledon chief executive, Erik Samuelson, was a witness to that historic match and he is eager to see his team repeat their 1988 feat. Speaking ahead of Monday's game, Samuelson expressed his excitement at the prospect of facing Liverpool again, saying "It's a great game for us. Liverpool are a fantastic team but we will go into the game positively and with confidence." Wimbledon, now playing in the third tier of English football, are massive underdogs against a Liverpool side that are currently sitting at the top of the Premier League table. However, Samuelson believes that his team can cause an upset in the same way they did over thirty years ago. The Wimbledon team of 1988 were a unique group of players who became known as the "Crazy Gang". They were a no-nonsense, physical team that played with incredible spirit and determination. They were not intimidated by the reputation of their opponents and approached every game with the same fearless attitude. This approach paid off in the FA Cup final when they defeated Liverpool thanks to a goal from Lawrie Sanchez. Samuelson believes that the current Wimbledon team has the same fighting spirit as the 1988 side. He praises manager Glyn Hodges for building a team that plays with a similar level of intensity and determination. He also highlights the creativity of players like Marcus Forss and Ryan Longman, who he believes can cause problems for Liverpool's defence. Liverpool, on the other hand, will be looking to avoid a repeat of their 1988 defeat. Manager Jurgen Klopp is likely to field a strong side, despite the hectic festive schedule. Star players like Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, and Virgil van Dijk could all feature in the game. The FA Cup remains one of the most prestigious competitions in English football, and both Wimbledon and Liverpool will be eager to progress to the next round. For Wimbledon, the chance to relive their famous 1988 triumph will be a huge motivation. Liverpool, meanwhile, will be looking to avoid an embarrassing upset. The 1988 FA Cup final between Wimbledon and Liverpool was a classic match that will be remembered for many years to come. Monday's third-round tie between the two teams may not produce the same level of drama, but it is sure to be a fascinating encounter between two very different clubs.