article: (CNN)House Speaker John Boehner turned to an unorthodox messenger for his pitch to young Americans panning President Barack Obama's proposal to offer free community college for everyone: Taylor Swift. The GOP leader paired Swift gifs and GOP arguments opposed to the proposal in a blog item posted to his site Friday that quickly went viral. While the community college proposal "sounded exciting at first," Boehner's staff writes — paired with a gif of Swift to illustrate the excitement — "when President Obama said 'free' what he meant was '60 Billion dollars over 10 years.'" "Not even all the Taylor Swift album sales in the world would cover that bill," the post declares, atop a gif of Swift looking perturbed. The post goes on to suggest Obama's proposal would either require a tax hike or else contribute to the national debt, accompanied by clips from Swift's music videos that range from infuriated to goofy. Instead, Boehner's office proposes: "Wouldn't it be better if we just worked together to lower costs for folks across the board and improve our children's education?" as Swift applauds in a clip from an awards show. "Looks like an apology is in order Mr. President," the post continues. Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told the Daily Dot the post was an effort to "reach people where they are." "We are always looking for fun, effective ways to communicate with the American people about President Obama's failed policies, and our better solutions," he said. Swift is a safe pick for the party as it looks to expand its appeal to younger voters in time for the 2016 elections. While Swift has matured over her career, she hasn't turned to raunchy moves or lyrics to shed her squeaky-clean teen persona. Indeed, Boehner's not the only Republican to turn to Taylor Swift to say what their own words can't. Newly-minted Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst said she would "shake it off" when outgoing Sen. Tom Harkin compared her to Swift. And Sen. Ted Cruz's digital strategist is a huge fan of the pop star. Republicans know there's a blank space on young voters' ballots heading into 2016. Verdict's still out, though, on whether the GOP love for T Swift will get Millennials to write the GOP's name.
highlights: House Speaker John Boehner turned to pop star Taylor Swift to make his case on President Obama's free community college proposal . The GOP leader paired Swift gifs and GOP arguments opposed to the proposal in a buzzy blog post . Swift is a favorite of the GOP as it looks to expand its appeal for 2016 .
id: 06c5b972e09424f5ad27a3c31d7c35c495db1df2
chatgpt: House Speaker John Boehner has found a new ally in the fight against President Obama’s free community college proposal - pop sensation Taylor Swift. The Republican leader has paired Swift gifs and GOP arguments opposing the proposal in a fervent blog post. The use of a celebrity endorsement to gain political support is nothing new. However, in this case, it’s a rather odd coupling of two very different cultural phenomena. The post has already garnered massive attention online, as the words “Taylor Swift” and “politics” began trending on Twitter soon after the publication of the blog post. This indicates that Swift's popularity can help the GOP reach an entirely new demographic. With her massive social media following and her ability to connect with millennials, Swift has become one of the GOP’s favorites, as the party looks to expand its appeal for the upcoming 2016 presidential election. The blog post was written by John Boehner's team and posted on the GOP’s site celebrating National School Choice Week. In it, Boehner wasted no time in condemning President Obama's free community college proposal. Highlighting that while the idea sounds great on paper, in reality, it would be expensive, and potentially would limit access for students to a quality education. Swift has grown into one of the most bankable stars in the music industry, and it's no surprise that Boehner is working to hitch his party's wagon to her growing popularity. The GOP is betting that Swift's fans, most of whom aren't engaged in political activism, will be swayed by the chance to see their idol supporting conservative causes. It seems as though the GOP is being successful in this endeavor. According to a recent Gallup poll, Swift's popularity has soared among Republicans. In fact, she's now the fourth-most liked woman among GOP voters. Despite Swift's wide appeal and name recognition, however, it remains to be seen whether her support can ultimately affect policy decisions. But in the meantime, she's certainly making headlines and helping to energize the Republican base. This is especially true when it comes to issues where there is a clear divide between the GOP and Democrats. And with education, it's no different. With the 2016 presidential election on the horizon, it’s becoming increasingly clear that the GOP knows they need to do everything possible to win votes. And John Boehner's team has turned to pop culture to help them achieve their goal, with Swift as the face of the “new GOP.” Whether this approach will be successful remains to be seen, but for now, Boehner and the GOP are riding high on the wave of Swift-mania, hoping to capitalize on the singer's appeal and grow their party's influence.