article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 11:18 EST, 19 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:22 EST, 19 May 2013 . A Shetland pony adopted an orphaned lamb and even let it feed from her after it was left on its own in the wild. The bond between the two animals is even more remarkable as the pony had a foal of its own that it was also feeding. The mother pony even stood watch over the lamb at night in the Black Mountains in Wales. The Shetland pony mother allowed the orphaned lamb to feed from it despite rearing her own foal . More than 2,000 sheep and around 60 horses roam the hills in the south east of Wales and so when horse rider Georgina Hirst spotted the unlikely couple she thought her eyes were playing tricks on her. Ms Hirst was riding on Hay Bluff when she saw the lamb feeding from the pony. The equine vet from Hay on Wye said: 'I was out riding one day and I spotted a baby lamb feeding. 'The first time I saw it I couldn't quite believe it - I thought I might be imagining it. 'But then I saw it again and again over the space of about a week. 'It seemed the Shetland mare had adopted the orphaned lamb and was letting it feed from her.' Ms Hirst said Shetlands are not normally amenable creatures and often struggle to rear foals. Equine vet Georgina Hirst said the lamb must have learned how to suckle from its adopted sibling, the foal . The family were broken up when the mother could not provide enough milk for both youngsters . She said: 'The lamb was obviously hungry and it's quite amazing that it learnt to suckle from the mare. It might have just copied the foal. 'Trying to get mares to adopt foals can be very challenging so it's incredible the mare was so receptive of the lamb. 'She would even stand guard while the foal and the lamb slept cuddled together.' However, despite the developing friendship, the vet decided to step in as it was clear the pony could not produce enough milk to sustain both her foal and the lamb. The lamb had an identity mark on it and Ms Hirst was able to track down the farmer. Ms Hirst said: 'After a while it became pretty clear that the deal wasn't really working. 'Both the lamb and the foal weren't looking as healthy as they should be due to a lack of food. 'The mare simply wasn't producing enough milk to feed the both of them. 'In the end we decided to flag up the problem to the farmer who took the lamb off the bluff to be bottle fed.'
highlights: The unlikely duo were spotted together in the Black Mountains in Wales . The mother pony even stood watch over the lamb at night . Equine vet Georgina Hirst had to break up the adopted family . The mother could not produce enough milk to sustain both foal and lamb .
id: 222e1c9d5c69709d2ed3506cb97aa5a27ee175e0
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, a pony and a lamb have formed an unlikely bond in the Black Mountains of Wales. These two unlikely friends have been spotted together, with the mother pony even standing watch over the lamb at night. 
However, this heartwarming story hit a snag when Equine vet Georgina Hirst had to intervene to break up the adopted family. It seems that the mother pony could not produce enough milk to sustain both her foal and the lamb. The pony, named Daisy, had given birth to a foal earlier this spring, but when the lamb appeared, she seemed to take the young animal under her wing as well. The lamb, for its part, seemed quite happy to follow Daisy around and even start suckling on her milk as if the pony were its birth mother. But Georgina Hirst noted that Daisy was struggling to feed both of her young. The veterinarian commented that "In some extraordinary circumstances, animals can [form these bonds], and you can see a pony being motherly but not to the extent of taking on an extra foal."  Hirst added that Daisy had a greater body size and strength compared to the lamb whose young age made it fragile defenseless. This meant Daisy was using up all her energy to nurse both the foal and lamb. It was crucial to separate the two until the lamb could be placed in care, where experts could bottle-feed it and give it the nutrients it needed to flourish. Breaking up the pair, however, was not an easy task as Daisy had become fiercely protective, refusing to let anyone come near the lamb or its new-found playmate. Veterinary experts had to use their experience to separate the two, keeping in mind the safety of both young animals. While it may seem novel to see two such different animals bonding, it is not unheard of in the animal kingdom. Research has shown that social bonds can form between animals of differing species when there is a lack of available same-species animals to socialize with. As for Daisy and the lamb, it remains unclear whether they will be reunited in the future once the lamb is older and can fend for itself. For now, veterinarians are focusing on ensuring the lamb receives the proper care and attention it needs to grow strong and healthy. The story of Daisy the pony and her adopted lamb has captured the hearts of many and serves as a reminder that love and kindness know no boundaries, even in the animal kingdom.