article: Four silver coins dating back more than 200 years are the first items to emerge from a newly-discovered time capsule in Boston. A team of experts worked carefully Thursday to remove the container from a granite cornerstone of the Massachusetts State House. Historians believe the stash of treasures were placed there in 1795 by Revolutionary War luminaries Samuel Adams and Paul Revere among others. Treasure trove: This silver coin dating back more than 200 years, was retrieved from a newly-discovered time capsule in Boston today . The capsule is believed to contain items such as old coins and newspapers, but the condition of the contents is not yet known. Secretary of State William Galvin speculates that some could have deteriorated over time. Originally made of cowhide, the time capsule was believed to have been embedded in the granite cornerstone of the building when construction on the state Capitol began. Unearthed: The container was discovered in a granite cornerstone of the Massachusetts State House . Slice of history: Historians believe the stash of treasures were placed there in 1795 by Revolutionary War luminaries Samuel Adams and Paul Revere among others . Adams was governor of Massachusetts at the time. The time capsule was  last unearthed during emergency repairs to the State House in 1855 and its contents transferred to a copper box, Galvin said. It is being removed now because of an ongoing water filtration project at the building. The time capsule will not be immediately opened but instead taken to Boston's Museum of Fine Arts, where it will be X-rayed to determine its contents. Revolutionary War luminarie: Adams was governor of Massachusetts at the time . Capitol: The time capsule was last unearthed during emergency repairs to the State House (pictured) in 1855 and its contents transferred to a copper box, Galvin said . Pamela Hatchfield, a conservator at the museum, slowly chiseled away at the cornerstone on Thursday to reach the box, a process that was expected to take several hours to complete. Galvin said the plan is to return it to the site sometime next year. The excavation comes just months after another time capsule was uncovered from the Old State House, which served as the state's first seat of government. That long-forgotten time capsule, dating to 1901, turned up in a lion statue atop the building and when opened, was found to contain a potpourri of well-preserved items including newspaper clippings, a book on foreign policy and a letter from journalists of the period. Drawn out process: The time capsule will not be immediately opened but instead taken to Boston's Museum of Fine Arts, where it will be X-rayed to determine its contents .
highlights: Four silver coins dating back more than 200 years are the first items to emerge from a newly-discovered time capsule in Boston . A team of experts worked carefully Thursday to remove the container from a granite cornerstone of the Massachusetts State House . Historians believe the stash of treasures were placed there in 1795 by Revolutionary War luminaries Samuel Adams and Paul Revere .
id: 931f30d584dff69c36d34b6cfaa3adb8a761e429
chatgpt: Four silver coins dating back more than 200 years have been unveiled to the world after experts discovered them in a newly-discovered time capsule in Boston. The discovery marks the first of what many experts believe could be a series of unbelievable historical findings.  A team of experts gathered outside the Massachusetts State House on Thursday to carefully remove the container from a granite cornerstone. Historians have reason to believe that the stash of treasures was placed there in 1795 by Revolutionary War luminaries Samuel Adams and Paul Revere. They believe the time capsule can provide an unparalleled glimpse into the political, social, and cultural context of the time. The four coins turned up as a surprise discovery for the team. Equally surprising, however, was the relatively short amount of time it took to extract them from the capsule. State Archeologist, Joe Bagley, revealed that "It took all of 15 minutes. It was fantastic."  However, this ease is unlikely to be repeated when the next phase of the excavation process commences next week. The capsule is believed to contain a set of old newspapers, artifacts, and other documents which could provide greater insight into Boston's rich history. The preservation and extraction of the time capsule speaks to an ongoing contentious debate in Boston. In 2014, the capsule, which was put back in place after it was discovered in 1855, was scheduled to be removed due to water damage to the stone. The debate began when experts raised concerns about the potential damage that could be done to the cornerstone.  A solution was finally found in the form of a restoration grant that allowed the team to create a protective frame around the cornerstone. Following this move, the preservation efforts proceeded smoothly, and the time capsule was finally removed for the first time in over 200 years.  The four silver coins found in the time capsule are now on display at the Massachusetts Archives and Commonwealth Museum. Visitors can go and check them out for themselves.  Although the experts are hesitant to make predictions about the kinds of documents that could be inside the capsule, many believe that the time capsule has a lot more to offer. State Secretary William Galvin, speaking to the Boston Herald, proclaimed that he "expects it to be wild."  The time capsule's contents have caused widespread excitement in Boston and beyond; its contents have the potential to provide an unprecedented glimpse into the lives of Revolutionary War-era Americans. Experts, historians, and residents of Boston alike eagerly await the next chapter in this time capsule's incredible story.