article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Billionaire oil tycoon William 'Bill' Koch has revealed he splashed out about $5 million on rare French wines which turned out to be fake. Many of the counterfeits were produced by convicted fraudster Rudy Kurniawan who re-marked bottles of cheap wine with photocopied labels of top vintages. 'I just had to have them,' Koch, 74, told ABC News' 20/20 program. 'Then I’d open it up and . drink it and it was dish water or moose piss.' Ripped off: Billionaire William Koch, 74, has admitted he spent $5 million on counterfeit wines . Koch, an avid wine collector, admitted he bought about 500 bottles at up to $100,000 each, thinking they were from the finest French chateaus. Although he said there would be little sympathy for a wealthy person who'd been conned, Koch choked up while describing the debasement of 'the art, craftsmanship' of fine wines being faked. Koch, who lives in a waterfront mansion in Florida, is estimated to worth $4 billion from oil and other investments. 'I cannot stand to be cheated,' Koch told 20/20. 'I want someone to know they sell me a fake, . man, I’m coming after them no matter how much it costs.' Koch, whose twin brother is billionaire David Koch, has spent millions on lawyers and private detectives to expose the fakes. Koch’s team worked with the FBI, and he agreed to testify against Kurniawan at his criminal fraud trial. Convicted: Rudy Kurniawan (pictured) conned savvy, competitive rare-wine collectors, with the biggest hoax in history taking place right under their noses . Fake labels: When the FBI arrested Mr Kurniawan, his Californian home contained explicit evidence of the scam, including thousands of photocopied wine labels and used corks . Fraud: Investigators found detailed instructions for fabricating labels as well as sealing wax and rubber stamps with vintages at Rudy Kurniawan's California home . Rudy Kurniawan took the wine world by storm by claiming he had access to wines many thought had long since disappeared. Many experts gave his vintages glowing reviews. But the Indonesian-born conman slipped up when he tried to sell fakes purportedly from France’s Domaine Ponsot at a New York auction. When the FBI raided Kurniawan’s California home in March 2012, they discovered he created his fine vintages in his kitchen, attaching photocopied labels from top producers to bottles of cheap Napa Valley wines. Kurniawan’s lawyer, Jerome Mooney, said his client is sorry for what he did but that the harm to wealthy collectors such as Koch was minor. 'Nobody was hurt by this, absolutely nobody was hurt by this,' Mooney told 20/20. 'It not that it’s less of a crime but that it’s less of an impact.' Kurniawan was convicted in December and will be sentenced on July 17.
highlights: William 'Bill' Koch, 74, was cheated out of $5m on rare vintages . Many of them were supplied by Rudy Kurniawan who was convicted in December . Koch worked with the FBI to expose the fakes, saying 'I cannot stand to be cheated' He is estimated to be worth $4bn from oil and other investments .
id: 89323299baf2e09f233dbddd9f3e2549138eef04
chatgpt: William 'Bill' Koch, the 74-year-old billionaire and collector of rare wines, has been cheated out of $5 million after purchasing fake vintage wines from convicted fraudster Rudy Kurniawan. Koch worked alongside the FBI to expose the fraud, which has rocked the fine wine industry. Koch, who is estimated to be worth $4 billion from oil and other investments, amassed an impressive collection of vintage wines over the years, but it was the discovery of the fakes that really caught his attention. Koch was determined to uncover the fraud after discovering that many of the rare vintages he had purchased were actually counterfeit. Koch had purchased the vintage wines from a number of different sources, but many of them had been supplied by Kurniawan, who was convicted in December for selling counterfeit wines. Koch had long been skeptical of the quality of the wines Kurniawan had been selling, and had even challenged Kurniawan directly. However, Kurniawan had always insisted that the wines were genuine. Koch's persistence eventually paid off, and after further investigation with the help of the FBI, Kurniawan was finally brought to justice. Koch spoke out after the trial, saying, "I cannot stand to be cheated. It is just very wrong. And I am determined to pursue this to the bitter end, no matter what it costs." The case has highlighted the growing problem of counterfeit wines in the industry, with experts warning that the problem is only getting worse. As the demand for rare wines continues to increase, so does the temptation for fraudsters to create fake bottles and fool unsuspecting investors. Koch's case was particularly notable due to his incredible wealth, which allowed him to pursue justice through the courts. However, many other collectors of vintage wines remain vulnerable to scams and frauds, and experts are calling for stronger regulation and policing to protect the industry from further damage. Despite the losses incurred by Koch, he remains a passionate collector of vintage wines, and has even written a book on the subject. The fake wines he had collected have now been destroyed, but Koch continues to hunt for new additions to his collection. He has also urged others to be vigilant when purchasing vintage wines, and to work alongside authorities to uncover fraud and protect the integrity of the industry. Ultimately, the case has highlighted the importance of trust and transparency in the world of fine wine, and serves as a warning to potential fraudsters that their actions will not go unnoticed or unpunished. With stronger regulation and policing, perhaps the industry can restore the trust that has been lost due to the actions of a few bad actors.