article: Raymond van Barneveld produced one of the performances of the tournament so far as he blitzed Rowby-John Rodriguez in his first-round match at the World Darts Championship. The five-time world champion averaged an astonishing 125.25 and hit three straight 12 darters in the final set of his 3-0 crushing of the young Austrian. The Dutchman also hit three 180s and checkouts of 167 and 170 as he only dropped two legs at Alexandra Palace on Monday. Raymond van Barneveld produced a strong showing as he eased into the second round at Alexandra Palace . Barney dropped just two legs and checked out 167 and 170 on his way to victory . VIDEO Watch Barney's 170 checkout! Van Barneveld decided to ditch the glasses he had been trialing at previous event, and the move paid off. He told Sky Sports: 'I tried to play in three tournaments in glasses and I never ever felt comfortable. The view is fantastic, it's like playing in HD, but tonight I've hit a 167 and 170 without glasses. 'I feel brilliant after that. You want to win before Christams, you want to go home happy and celebrate with your family and be happy, you don't want to lose and go home for Christmas after losing. The Dutchman had been playing with glasses, but decided to take them off for this tournament . Van Barneveld makes his way to the stage for his first-round match at the World Darts Championship . VIDEO Stunning start from van Barneveld . 'I fly back home tomorrow and have a day off but will be back practising soon, because this is the big one that we all want to win so there's no time to rest. I've changed back to some older darts, these are the same darts as the Premier League and World Cup, I tried a new set during the summer but after those finishes I'll stick with these.' Also on Monday night, Phil Taylor's conqueror last year Michael Smith hit nine 180s to see off Mensur Suljovic in a high-quality match that saw both players average just shy of 100. Michael Smith beat Mensur Suljovic in a high-quality match which saw both players average just shy of 100 . The night started with a challenge between England cricketers Jimmy Anderson (left) and Alastair Cook . All four sets went down to a deciding leg, but it was Smith who held his nerve to win three of them and take his place in the second round, even though his three-dart average of 97.47 was slightly less than his opponent's 98.91. In the first match of the evening, Jamie Caven held off Jason Hogg for a 3-2 win while Brendan Dolan rounded off Monday's action with a 3-0 win over Nolan Arandse without dropping a single leg. VIDEO Cricket meets darts: Cook vs Anderson .
highlights: Raymond van Barneveld beats Rowby-John Rodriguez in first round . Dutchman dropped just two legs as he smashed his opponent . Barney hit three straight 12-darters and averaged 125.25 in the final set . Michael Smith beats Mensur Suljovic in high-quality contest .
id: 6243b0b32835efc437899b380c46788faab3814e
chatgpt: Dutch darts star Raymond van Barneveld got his bid for a fifth world title off to a flying start as he dismantled Austria's Rowby-John Rodriguez in straight sets on Friday evening. The Dutchman, dubbed Barney, looked in fine form from the outset, dropping just two legs in a dominant display that saw him smash his opponent 3-0. Barney hit three consecutive 12-darters - throwing nine perfect darts at one point - and averaged an impressive 125.25 in the final set, leaving fans in raptures at the Alexandra Palace. The 51-year-old veteran looked relaxed and focused throughout the match, showing his experience and composure to stay calm in the face of a few minor setbacks. Rodriguez, 24, on the other hand, struggled to find his rhythm and looked visibly frustrated as Barney ran away with the match. The Austrian once again failed to go beyond the first round at the PDC World Championship, while the Dutchman will now face either Matthew Edgar or Darius Labanauskas in the second round. In another high-quality match, Michael Smith outlasted Austria's Mensur Suljovic in a see-saw battle that saw both players trade blows throughout. Smith, the world number 10, trailed 2-1 at one point, but rallied to take the next three sets and book his place in the second round. The Englishman hit 14 maximum scores and averaged 99.67, while Suljovic, the 2018 Champions League winner, hit 11 180s and averaged 98.55. The two players were neck-and-neck throughout, with Smith pulling ahead in the fifth set after clinching a critical break of throw. Suljovic mounted a spirited comeback in the sixth set, but it wasn't enough as Smith held on to seal a hard-fought 3-2 victory. Smith will now face either Canadian Jim Long or New Zealand's Darren Herewini in the second round, as he looks to go one better than his runner-up finish in last year's tournament. Friday evening also saw the preliminary round conclude, with four players booking their places in the first round proper. Damon Heta, the Australian number one, dominated in his victory over Jose Justicia, while Welshman Ritchie Edhouse outlasted Boris Krcmar in a tense encounter. Filipino Lourence Ilagan edged out Noel Malicdem in a fiery all-Pinoy clash, while Spain's Toni Alcinas survived a scare to defeat America's Craig Ross. The action continues on Saturday afternoon, with the likes of Dave Chisnall, Ian White and Gerwyn Price all in action.