article: SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- A South Korean lawmaker has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for plotting an armed rebellion. The verdict makes Lee Seok-ki -- a member of South Korea's left-wing United Progressive Party -- the country's first sitting lawmaker to be convicted of treason since the 1980s. Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea. Tension in the Korean peninsula escalated in early 2013, when Pyongyang declared an armistice agreement between the two Koreas invalid and said it could carry out nuclear strikes against its southern neighbor. The court was told that Lee thought that the heightened tensions could lead to war between the North and South, and he allegedly directed members of the group to attack major national facilities in the event of such a conflict. "Piecing together the statements from the informants and evidences ... the defendants are found guilty for conspiring to start riots aimed at subverting the constitution," Suwon District Court said in a statement. It said a strong penalty was inevitable because Lee's plot "posed substantial and clear threats to the existence of Korea and order of liberal democracy." Under South Korean criminal law, a crime of rebellion can be committed when more than two people gather to conspire treason. Lee denied all charges against him, while his party, the Unified Progressive Party, described the case as "a medieval witch-hunt." Some local media and analysts said the investigation was being used to divert attention from allegations that South Korea's state spy agency - the National Intelligence Service - had been involved in manipulating South Korea's 2012 presidential election.
highlights: South Korean lawmaker Lee Seok-ki has been jailed for 12 years for plotting a rebellion . Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea . Lee had denied all charges and his party described the case as a "medieval witch-hunt" Critics said it was being used to divert attention from claims the 2012 had been manipulated .
id: a74cec5e83fccacd00998811f7a859ebbe3c8a56
chatgpt: South Korean lawmaker Lee Seok-ki has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for plotting a rebellion. Lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to North Korea. According to prosecutors, Lee had ordered his group to prepare for an uprising against the South Korean government in case of war with North Korea.  Lee had denied all charges and his political party, the United Progressive Party (UPP), described the case as a "medieval witch-hunt". They accused the government of using the case to silence progressive voices and divert attention from allegations that the 2012 presidential election had been manipulated.  Critics of the government have also raised concerns about the fairness of Lee's trial. They have pointed out that much of the evidence against him came from questionable sources, including a confessor who was promised leniency in exchange for his testimony. They have also accused the government of using Lee as a scapegoat to distract from economic and other social problems. Despite these criticisms, the South Korean court found Lee guilty on charges of plotting an armed rebellion, violating the National Security Law, and inciting others to overthrow the government. The court ruled that Lee and his group had taken concrete steps towards their goal and were a serious threat to national security. The case has highlighted concerns about freedom of speech and political dissent in South Korea. Some fear that the government's crackdown on progressive voices is undermining democracy and human rights. Others argue that the National Security Law, which has been used to prosecute Lee and others, is an outdated relic of the Cold War that should be abolished. Lee has announced that he will appeal the verdict. His case is likely to continue to be a source of controversy and tension in South Korean domestic politics.