article: By . Chris Pleasance . PUBLISHED: . 05:46 EST, 20 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:03 EST, 20 January 2014 . William Dresser has been arrested for attempted murder after police say he shot his elderly wife in the chest while she lay in hospital . An 88-year-old man allegedly shot his elderly wife in the chest while she was lying in a hospital bed. According to police William Dresser, 88, walked into the rehab unit of Carson Tahoe Regional Medical Center, Nevada, yesterday morning before shooting his wife once in the chest with a pistol. Dresser was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and has been placed on suicide watch by officers. His wife, who has not been identified, suffered life-threatening injuries and was transferred to Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno. No details of why she was originally admitted to the hospital were released, but officials don't suspect foul play. Dresser's wife was alone in the rehab unit when allegedly he carried out the attack around 11.30am. The hospital was placed into a state of lockdown while hospital security personnel and state Department of Corrections officials detained the man until sheriff's deputies arrived. Carson City Sheriff Ken Furlong said that Dresser, who recently bought the gun, has no previous criminal record in the Carson City area. Dresser's bail has been set at $225,000. Police were called to Carson Tahoe Regional Medical Center (pictured) after reports of the shooting. Dresser's wife, who has not been named, suffered life-threatening injuries . The shooting comes about a month after a gunman walked into a medical facility next to the Reno hospital and killed one doctor and shot another before committing suicide. Alan Oliver Frazier, 51, made it clear in a suicide note that he was targeting physicians at Urology Nevada in the Dec. 17 attack. Frazier complained of pain and fatigue for years in an Internet chat room and to neighbors- symptoms he blamed on a botched vasectomy that the center disputes.
highlights: William Dresser arrested yesterday on suspicion of attempted murder . Police called to Carson Tahoe Regional Medical Center at around 11.30am . Officers say the 88-year-old shot his sick wife once in the chest . Dresser is now in custody and has been placed on suicide watch . His wife, who has not been named, suffered life-threatening injuries .
id: 6cec469d160cbf22301c8312a3a7d31109499973
chatgpt: An 88-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after allegedly shooting his sick wife at the Carson Tahoe Regional Medical Center. William Dresser, the suspect, pulled out a gun and shot his wife once in the chest at approximately 11.30am yesterday. His wife, who has not been named, suffered life-threatening injuries, and is currently in the intensive care unit. Upon receiving reports of the shooting, the police quickly arrived on the scene and immediately took Dresser into custody. He has since been placed on suicide watch while in detention, as he was believed to be at risk of harming himself. It has not yet been revealed whether Dresser has given any motive behind his alleged attack. According to witnesses at the scene, things appeared to have happened very quickly, with many people feeling shocked and scared by the events that unfolded. One witness reported that they heard a gunshot and then saw Dresser standing over his wife with the gun in his hand. A nurse also reported that Dresser was in a very agitated state when he arrived at the hospital. Law enforcement officials were quick to downplay any risk to hospital staff or patients, stating that the incident was an isolated one and that there was no further threat to the public. The police have launched a thorough investigation into the matter and are asking anyone with information to come forward and speak to them. Dresser's arrest has sent shockwaves through the local community, and many are struggling to come to terms with the events of yesterday. It is not yet clear what led up to this violent incident, but one thing is for sure: the victim and her family will need all the support they can get in the coming days and weeks. As of now, Dresser remains in custody and will have his first court appearance in the coming days. The victim's condition remains critical, and her family, as well as the entire community, are praying for her recovery.