article: Bringing supplies to astronauts on the International Space Station can be a little screwy, leaving astronauts waiting for the next costly and risky resupply mission. This week, thanks to 3-D printing, astronaut and ISS commander Barry "Butch" Wilmore had a wrench he needed manufactured by a printer in just four hours. The ratcheting socket wrench was the first "uplink tool" printed in space, according to Grant Lowery, marketing and communications manager for Made In Space, which built the printer in partnership with NASA. The tool was designed on the ground, emailed to the space station and then manufactured. From start to finish, the process took less than a week. Made in Space's 3-D printer is the first to operate in zero gravity, and printed its first object in orbit -- a part for the printer, ironically -- in November. "This means that we could go from having a part designed on the ground to printed in orbit within an hour to two from start to finish," Niki Werkheiser, NASA's 3-D print manager, said in a press release when the printer was sent to the ISS in September. "The on-demand capability can revolutionize the constrained supply chain model we are limited to today and will be critical for exploration missions." The goal for the project is to create in-space manufacturing, especially as missions venture farther from Earth. Space, the final frontier for 3-D printing . Ultimately, Lowery said the wrench and other objects will be sent back  to assess whether there are any functional differences between those samples printed in space versus those on the ground.
highlights: A wrench is first "uplink tool" designed on Earth then emailed and printed in space . Made in Space partnered with NASA to send a 3-D printer to International Space Station . Goal is in-space manufacturing, especially as missions venture farther from Earth .
id: 27fccae7a72de566bdda3f2cf29dc42827c3221d
chatgpt: A groundbreaking achievement in space manufacturing has been made as the first wrench designed on Earth was successfully emailed and printed aboard the International Space Station (ISS). The achievement was made possible through a partnership between Made in Space, a California-based company focused on space manufacturing, and NASA. Made in Space had previously sent a 3-D printer to the ISS with the goal of achieving in-space manufacturing capabilities. This first project involved designing a wrench, which was dubbed the "uplink tool", on Earth and then sending the design to the ISS via email. The design was then printed using the 3-D printer on board the ISS. The successful creation of the wrench on board the ISS is a significant achievement for space manufacturing. The ultimate goal of in-space manufacturing is to reduce the amount of material and equipment that needs to be transported from Earth, thereby reducing the cost and risk associated with space missions. Having the ability to manufacture tools and spare parts on board the ISS would be a major benefit for astronauts and future space missions. This ability would allow for increased flexibility and independence from Earth-based supply chains. The successful printing of the wrench is not only a technological achievement but also a symbolic one. It represents a major milestone in the journey towards establishing permanent human presence in space. As missions venture farther from Earth, having the ability to manufacture tools and spare parts in space becomes even more critical. The successful printing of the wrench on board the ISS is just the beginning of what could be a major shift in how we approach space exploration and human habitation in space. The partnership between Made in Space and NASA is a prime example of how collaboration between private companies and government agencies can drive innovation and advance technology. The success of this project paves the way for further advancements in space manufacturing and could have far-reaching implications for future space missions.