article: (CNN) -- Move over, Cookie Monster. And pipe down, Oscar the Grouch. There's a new muppet in town, and she's hungry. Her name is Lily, and the newest member of the muppet pantheon symbolizes a serious social condition in today's recessionary era: nationwide hunger. Colored pink and sporting long pigtails, Lily has been designed by Sesame Street to look like a 7-year-old girl. Her character confronts a growing national struggle -- food insecurity. Her story offers an optimistic scenario of how the community at large is supporting her and her family. Sesame Street and the Jim Henson Co. are introducing this new muppet in an hour-long special, "Growing Hope Against Hunger," Sunday on PBS. In the special, Lily is prompted to make a revelation when one of the more popular muppets -- Elmo -- remarks that he "didn't know there were so many people who didn't have the food they needed." Lily then confesses to him that she doesn't know where her next meal is coming from and that times can be difficult. Food insecurity is defined as the lack of a consistent access to food for active, healthy lives, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The USDA says 14.5% of households were food insecure at least some time during 2010 and that 5.4% of households experienced very low food security the same year. "Numerous studies suggest that children in food-insecure households have higher risks of health and development problem than children in otherwise similar food-secure households," the USDA says. The Great Recession, which set off a wave of layoffs and plummeting home values, left many families without access to adequate food. Since 2001, the number of households receiving emergency food has grown steadily, according to the USDA. The most significant increase took place between 2007 and 2009 -- during the recession -- when the number of households making use of food pantries rose from 3.9 million to 5.6 million, an increase of 44%, according to the USDA. Sesame Street really wanted to convey the scope of the problem, a spokeswoman said. Many children whose families suffer food insecurity are part of the program's target audience, said Rocio Galarza, senior director for content and outreach at the Sesame Workshop, the nonprofit behind Sesame Street. "We made very specific choices for this characters so it conveyed the message that anyone could be going through this," Galarza said. "It could be your neighbor, could be part of your family sometimes. The character is going through this with her family but is benefiting from the support of her entire community." This isn't the first Sesame Street muppet with a social message: The show has previously featured Jesse, whose father passed away, as a character dealing with the issue of grief. Sesame Street in South Africa also has an HIV-positive muppet named Tammy.
highlights: Lily is a pink muppet with long pigtails, resembling a 7-year-old girl . Sesame Street portrays Lily and her family dealing with food insecurity . Nationwide, more families visited food pantries during the recession, USDA says .
id: 672191d9ee0fa91c00d1c2c5d0df3c27179a85c9
chatgpt: Sesame Street's newest character, Lily, is capturing the hearts of viewers young and old with her sweet disposition and long pink pigtails that resemble a 7-year-old girl. However, Lily's story is not one of carefree childhood adventures, but one of dealing with food insecurity. Lily's storyline focuses on her family's struggles with putting food on the table, a reality that was all too common during the recession. According to the USDA, nationwide, more families visited food pantries during the economic downturn, highlighting the extent of poverty in the country. With Lily's character, Sesame Street is tackling an issue that many children face in their own lives. By showing Lily and her family navigating food insecurity, the show is opening up a conversation about hunger and poverty that is often silenced. In Lily's debut, she shares her story of how her and her family sometimes don't have enough to eat. From empty kitchen cabinets to small food portions, Lily paints a picture of the harsh realities of food insecurity. However, Sesame Street also shows Lily and her family seeking help from a food pantry, a message that seeks to destigmatize receiving assistance. Food insecurity affects millions of families in the United States, yet it is often not discussed. Sesame Street's decision to introduce Lily and her struggles is an effort to raise awareness and promote conversations about hunger and poverty. The show is not alone in its efforts to bring attention to this issue. Nonprofits and food banks across the country are working to ensure that families have access to nutritious meals. Sesame Street has even partnered with the organization Feeding America to provide resources and create awareness around food insecurity. While Lily's story might be fictional, it represents a reality for many families across the country. The USDA reported that in 2019, 34 million people in the United States experienced food insecurity. With the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, that number is projected to increase. However, Sesame Street's Lily is a shining example of how stories can shed light on important issues and create change. By showing a relatable character dealing with food insecurity, the show is sparking conversations and providing a platform for organizations to advocate for those in need. As the country deals with the ongoing pandemic, food insecurity remains an important issue that affects many families. Sesame Street's Lily represents a call to action for individuals and organizations to come together to ensure that everyone has access to nutritious meals. By working together, we can make sure that no one goes hungry.