article: Controversial: Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika had won power in the African state in 2004, but was unpopular among his countrymen . Bingu wa Mutharika, the controversial president of Malawi who saw the country fall into economic crisis, has died from a heart attack, it was reported today. The 78-year-old leader, reviled by many in his own country and the international community, was rushed to hospital after collapsing on Thursday, but could not be saved. Malawi state media said Mutharika had been flown out to South Africa for treatment, although the current whereabouts of his body remains unclear, according to Reuters. Medical sources told news agency the leader was flown from Lilongwe hospital because the power and energy crisis in Malawi is so severe the hospital could not carry out a proper autopsy or even keep his body refrigerated. Mutharika had become widely disliked by Malawians since becoming leader seven years ago, as many blamed him personally for the nation's crippling economic woes. As rumours of the death of the self-styled 'Economist in Chief' swept the capital on Thursday night, there were even pockets of drunken jubilation among locals who saw him turning back the clock on 18 years of democracy in the 'Warm Heart of Africa'. The country of 13 million had suffered chronic fuel shortages in recent months which led in turn to pump prices soaring by 30 per cent. The African country also teetered on the brink of civil unrest following various protests outside government buildings last year. Campaign: Mutharika, pictured in 2009, became involved in a diplomatic spat with Britain last year after David Cameron said he would cut aid to countries which do not support gay rights . The controversial statesman was condemned by the international community in July when more than a dozen people died after he deployed the army to crush protests against his government. At the end of last year Mutharika had to call an impromptu telephone press conference to confirm he was still alive, amid rumours he had died when he vanished from view. In November last year, Mutharika disappeared from Malawi during its economic crisis in order to take a holiday in Hong Kong. Rumours of his death came just three months after Mutharika sacked his entire cabinet, assuming every position himself. New wife: President Mutharika at his wedding to Callista Chapola-Chimombo in April last year . The statesman appointed new people to most of the roles, including several members of his own family. Britain had endured strained relations with Malawi and Mutharika, as the tyrant had lashed out against the UK amid speculation it was to cut its aid to developing countries who failed to protect gay rights. In Malawi, homosexuality is illegal and punishable by prison. The late president's brother and Malawi's foreign minister, Aurther-Peter Mutharika, is the heir apparent to the position and could be set to take over.
highlights: Controversial leader collapsed on Thursday but could not be saved . Malawi suffered economic crisis last year following foreign aid row . Mutharika's body 'flown to South Africa because energy crisis in Malawi means country conduct autopsy .
id: a75f805c712ebecb044976fd43fbf8d2f42f0e33
chatgpt: Malawi's controversial leader, President Bingu wa Mutharika, passed away on Thursday after collapsing. Despite efforts by medical personnel to save his life, the 78-year-old leader could not be resuscitated. The news of his death has sent shockwaves across the African nation. Mutharika had been at the helm of Malawi since 2004, and his second term in office was marred by controversy. In 2011, he declared a state of emergency, citing protests and criticism from opposition groups as reasons. This move was seen by many as a significant step towards dictatorship. The late president was also known for his staunch stance against foreign aid. In 2011, Malawi suffered an economic crisis after he expelled a British diplomat, who had criticized his leadership style. This move led to several western donors pulling out of the country, causing an acute shortage of foreign aid. As a result of this move, Malawi's economy suffered a severe blow. The shortage of foreign aid led to a shortage of foreign currency, which, in turn, led to a shortage of fuel and other essential goods. Many Malawians struggled to find basic necessities, and inflation reached record highs. President Mutharika's death raises concerns about the future of Malawi's political landscape. His inner circle was known for its authoritarian style, and there were rumors of unrest within the ruling party. Many worry that Malawi could be headed towards a power vacuum and possible political turmoil. The late president's body was flown to South Africa for an autopsy. Malawi is currently facing an energy crisis, which makes it impossible to conduct an autopsy in the country. The energy crisis has been a significant issue in Malawi, with power outages lasting for up to 24 hours in some regions. The energy crisis has been attributed to poor management of the country's electricity supply by the Malawi Electricity Supply Corporation (ESCOM). Despite several promises by the government to address the issue, power outages have continued to be a reality for many Malawians. The death of President Mutharika is a significant loss for Malawi, a country that has already been grappling with several challenges. The late president's authoritarian style and policies had drawn criticism both at home and abroad. Many Malawians hope that his death will lead to a more democratic and inclusive leadership style. Political analysts believe that now is the time for Malawi to come together and chart a new path forward. Malawi is one of Africa's poorest nations, and it will need a strong, united leadership to navigate the country through its many challenges. Despite the many difficulties facing Malawi, there is hope that the country can build a brighter future. With the right leadership and policies, Malawi has the potential to grow and prosper. The death of President Mutharika is a reminder that changes need to be made, and that the country must work together to achieve its full potential.