article: (CNN)  -- Every holiday needs a song. And National Unfriend Day is no exception. Country singers Brad Paisley and Darius Rucker rang in the celebration on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" last night with "The National Unfriend Day Soundtrack." To all the friends I've un'ed before  Who sent me quizzes about Jersey Shore  You made my life a hell  With your stupid LOL  To all the friends I've un'ed before . To all the guys from grammar school  Posting shirtless pictures by their pool  Your fat and sweaty back Really makes me want to yak  To all the friends I've un'ed before . Our time on earth goes by so quickly  We have to make each moment great  So I cannot waste one more minute  Reading your dumb status update . Kimmel used his show on November 11 to declare today National UnFriend Day [NUD] -- a new holiday he hopes will inspire Facebook users to unfriend their social-networking contacts that aren't real friends. "NUD is the international day when all Facebook users shall protect the sacred nature of friendship by cutting out any 'friend fat' on their pages occupied by people who are not truly their friends," the show's website states. It seems to be working, at least in terms of creating buzz about unfriending. Wednesday morning, #unfriend was trending on Twitter and there were several articles out this morning on the ways and reasons to unfriend someone. Here were some of the comments on Twitter [typos not ours]: . Vaibhavyadav: @jimmykimmel Its easier to deactivate the facebook profile than to unfriend 463 people. Gosh its liberating! #NUD . purelyjess: Going to take exactly 5 minutes to #unfriend all of the people I don't know (or no longer know) on Facebook. It's long overdue lol. Of course, it may backfire a bit for Kimmel. And possibly others. tysondavis1: @jimmykimmel in honor of national unfriend day, I am removing you from twitter. Thanks jimmy! _Lenito: It's national "Unfriend day" Well that explains why my followers dropped! ah well another reminder of how unpopular I am. Some of the "unfriending" logic being preached on the internet today? 1. They're your mom . 2. You don't actually know them . 3. You've hidden them on your newsfeed because their status updates are too annoying . 4. They send you invite after invite after invite to everything from quizzes and games to lame charity cause parties . 5. You were friends in high school ... and haven't spoken since . Looking to take part in the unofficial holiday? Unfriending on Facebook is easy. Simply go to that unfriend's profile page, scroll down to the bottom of the left sidebar and click the second link that says "Remove from Friends." On Twitter go to the person's page and click "unfollow" under their username. Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends. For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here.
highlights: Brad Paisley and Darius Rucker ring in National Unfriend Day with soundtrack . Jimmy Kimmel declares holiday to promote unfriending on social networks . People to unfriend? Your mom, high school friends and annoying status updaters .
id: e934dc1f3db0597a83bb098ae1c404b71b2603b6
chatgpt: Popular country singers Brad Paisley and Darius Rucker have teamed up to encourage people to unfriend on social networks in honor of National Unfriend Day. The holiday was created by late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel as a way to promote healthy social media practices. On the day, which falls on November 17th, social media users are encouraged to evaluate their online friendships and unfriend those who no longer bring positivity to their lives. Kimmel has jokingly suggested that people unfriend their "mom, high school friends, and annoying status updaters" in particular. Paisley and Rucker have released a special soundtrack for the occasion, featuring music to help people let go of toxic relationships. The album, titled "Unfriend Me," includes songs such as "Breaking Ties" and "Bye Bye Bye." In a joint statement, the singers said, “We’re excited to be a part of National Unfriend Day this year. Social media can be a great way to connect, but sometimes it can also be a source of negativity and stress. We hope our music can help people let go of unhealthy relationships and focus on the positive.” Kimmel, who introduced National Unfriend Day on his show in 2010, has said that the holiday is not meant to be taken too seriously, but rather as a reminder to be mindful of the people we choose to connect with online. “We all have those people in our lives who we follow on social media out of a sense of obligation, even though their posts annoy us or bring us down. Unfriending can be a liberating experience,” Kimmel said in a statement. According to a study by the Pew Research Center, 59% of adult social media users have decided to unfriend or block someone on social media because they posted something they disagreed with or found offensive. However, only 26% of social media users have deleted someone because they were being mean or bullying. National Unfriend Day promotes a healthier approach to social media use, encouraging users to prioritize their mental and emotional wellbeing over the need to maintain a certain number of online connections. In addition to the release of the "Unfriend Me" soundtrack, Paisley and Rucker will be performing a virtual concert on November 17th to celebrate National Unfriend Day. The concert will be streamed on various social media platforms, including YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram. So, mark your calendars for November 17th, and take some time to evaluate your online friendships. Who knows, unfriending a few people might just be the reset you need for a more positive social media experience.