article: Soldiers have been reminded who they are supposed to salute after senior officers complained they were not being enough shown respect by the lower ranks. The Ministry of Defence issued guidance on the hierarchy of military ranking after Army, Navy and RAF chiefs said younger officers were not saluting the right people. While a missed salute may seem like a petty complaint, there have been instances of top brass being called 'boss' or 'mate' by servicemen. Scroll down for video . Soldiers have been reminded who they are supposed to salute after top brass complained they were not being shown proper respect by lower ranks . The reminder, entitled the Pecking Order, suggested that the problem was growing because of an increase in joint operations between branches of the military, with soldiers unsure which members of other services they are supposed to salute. An RAF source told the Daily Telegraph: 'There's been some concern that this has been going on. This has been pushed forward hard by top brass and it appeared in the journal after a prod from someone high up. 'It's been done in a light-hearted manner, but behind it, it's pretty serious.' The guide, published in an in-house MoD journal, says: 'As anyone who works in defence knows, there are clearly defined rank structures. But, while the pecking order may be clear within your own Service, equivalent ranks or grades in the other Services may be less apparent. 'With joint operations becoming increasingly common and many bases run by a mix of uniformed and civilian MoD staff, you need to know where you stand. The Ministry of Defence issued guidance in the hierarchy of military ranking after Army, Navy and RAF chiefs said younger officers were not saluting the right people . 'If nothing else, we hope this helps you know whom you should salute and to find your way to the correct mess.' Another military source said: 'You would be amazed by some of the greetings [from young officers to those above them in the hierarchy].' While another added: 'Over the last decade, some have been very informal with each other. They often refer to a senior officer as boss, rather than sir. Some accept it, but others want to be called sir. It's been a minor problem for some time, but they are trying to keep it very much in check.'
highlights: Ministry of Defence issues guidance to soldiers on who they should salute . Top brass complained over a lack or respect shown by the lower ranks . Senior officers have also been called 'boss' or 'mate' by servicemen .
id: f803946a0dcbea4afe328b4ac8df82f16d880afe
chatgpt: The Ministry of Defence has issued new guidance to soldiers in regards to who they should salute. The move comes after top brass complained of a lack of respect shown by lower ranking servicemen. Senior officers have reported being called 'boss' or 'mate' instead of being addressed by their proper rank. The new guidance states that all military personnel of lower rank must salute those above them, regardless of whether they are in uniform or not. It stresses that the failure to do so will be considered a breach of military discipline. The guidance further clarifies that saluting should be done with the right hand and should be accompanied by the greeting "Good morning/afternoon/evening, (rank and name of the officer being saluted)." The issue of disrespect towards senior officers has been a source of concern for some time within the military, with some citing it as a symptom of a wider breakdown of discipline. The new guidance is intended to address this issue and reinforce the importance of rank and hierarchy within the military. A spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence stated that the guidance had been developed following a thorough review of current military practices and had been designed to ensure that all servicemen and women understand the importance of showing respect to their superiors. "We want to ensure that everyone in the military is clear on the proper way to address and show respect to those of higher rank," the spokesperson said. "By following these guidelines, we can help maintain the discipline and cohesion that is essential to mission success." The guidance has been welcomed by some senior military officers, who see it as a positive step towards addressing the issue of disrespect. However, some critics have argued that the guidance risks reinforcing an outdated and overly hierarchical military culture. "It's important to remember that the military is not a corporation, and that rank and hierarchy are not the only factors that contribute to success," said one critic. "We need to be careful not to create a culture that prioritizes obedience over innovation and creative thinking." Despite the concerns of some critics, the Ministry of Defence remains committed to enforcing the new guidance and ensuring that all military personnel understand the importance of showing respect to their superiors. The guidance is set to be included in all military training programs and will be reinforced through regular disciplinary measures.