article: Wine sold for upwards of $15,000 a bottle was stolen from the French Laundry in Napa Valley, a restaurant that has twice been named the best in the world. The theft occurred on Christmas Day at Chef Thomas Keller's famed restaurant that is known for twice daily serving nine-course tasting menus, none of which uses the same ingredient more than once. Keller released a statement saying Domaine de la Romanée-Conti and Screaming Eagle wines were stolen. Grinch: The proprietor of the French Laundry restaurant revealed Tuesday the restaurant had been robbed of $300,000 worth of wine during a Christmas Day break-in . 'The French Laundry wine program is, as many of you know, singular and distinct,' he wrote on Instagram. 'We are confident that if and when any of the stolen bottles appear in public, they will immediately raise questions and red flags among the wine knowledgeable.' Grubstreet notes that 63 of the 76 bottles stolen bore the Domaine de la Romanée-Conti label including vintages that auction on the private market for several thousand dollars each--up to $15,000 or more. Certain vintages of another beloved label sold at French Laundry, California's Screaming Eagle, retails for over $7,000 a pop. Sadly, the theft occurred just a day after the beloved restaurant served its final meal for the indefinite future. The Christmas Eve closure came as the 20-year-old restaurant embarks on a series of renovations and changes including a ticketing system and state lottery for diners hopeful to get a seat at an establishment bombarded by hundreds of reservations phone calls per day. Knew what he was after: Most of the 76 stolen bottles bore the Domaine de la Romanée-Conti label.  Some vintages of these wines can auction for $15,000 . Chef Thomas Keller remained confident the authorities would find the culprit, who broke in just a day after French Laundry served its last customer for an indefinite amount of time to undertake renovations . In 2003 and 2004 the French Laundry was named best restaurant in the world by Restaurant Magazine. Police are investigating. In his posts, Chef Thomas' remained confident that, given the rarity of the wines, the culprit will be brought to justice. 'We have complete trust in the authorities leading the investigation, and we welcome any information our community may have regarding the event,' he said. And if they never get their precious trove back? Chef simply doesn't see that happening. 'We look forward to rebuilding our cellar in the meantime and plan to get to the bottom of this disheartening act immediately.' 'We are confident that if and when any of the stolen bottles appear in public, they will immediately raise questions and red flags among the wine knowledgeable,' Chef Keller said of his boosted vintage wine .
highlights: Bottles worth nearly $8,000 each were swiped from the vaunted French Laundry restaurant in Yountville, California December 25 . The eatery, owned by famed Chef Thomas Keller, posted a photo on its Instagram account of a wooden door frame smashed to bits . Any public appearance of the rare wines 'will immediately raise questions and red flags among the wine knowledgeable' according to the post .
id: 50b8433e0011801800ba86e2c2e61fa3d475e66e
chatgpt: The French Laundry, one of the most venerated restaurants in California, was robbed on Christmas day, leaving the owners reeling. The heist resulted in the loss of nearly $300,000 worth of wine, including bottles worth an estimated $8,000 each. Thomas Keller, the celebrated owner of the restaurant, took to Instagram to post a photo of a smashed wooden door frame, which was the only indication of the crime.  The robbery is believed to have taken place overnight on December 25th, 2020. A total of 76 bottles of extremely rare wine were taken from the restaurant's cellar, including Domaine de la Romanée-Conti and Screaming Eagle, two of the most sought-after labels in the world. The wines were stored in a temperature-controlled room that requires a key code to access, leading investigators to suspect an inside job. The restaurant's management has been tight-lipped about the incident, but Keller did mention in his Instagram post that the stolen wine is nearly impossible to replace. Furthermore, any attempt to sell the bottles on the open market would be highly suspicious, and the theft has already garnered national attention. Wine enthusiasts and collectors have expressed sympathy for the restaurant's owners, as well as incredulity over the audacity of the thieves. The French Laundry, located in Yountville, a small town in Napa Valley, is known for its exquisite tasting menu, which features delicacies like Osetra caviar and truffle-infused custard. It has held three Michelin stars for over a decade and is widely considered to be one of the best restaurants in the United States. The establishment has been a dining destination for celebrities and world leaders, including Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Authorities are investigating the crime, but at present, no suspects have been identified. The theft has highlighted the dangers of high-value wine collections, which are highly sought after by criminals due to their small size and high value. It is not uncommon for thieves to target restaurants and private collectors, and these crimes can go undetected for years. The stolen wine will likely be nearly impossible to sell, given its high profile and the close-knit community of wine collectors who will be on the lookout for it. Experts predict that the bottles may eventually resurface on the black market, but their value will have been severely diminished by then. The French Laundry's owners are still reeling from the theft, but they have vowed to continue operating as usual. The restaurant has been closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but it is expected to reopen as soon as it is safe to do so. The incident has served as a stark reminder of the risks involved in collecting rare wines and the need for heightened security measures to protect these valuable assets.