article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 10:47 EST, 15 December 2011 . The £13m boss of Lloyds signed off sick from work because of exhaustion, it has emerged. Antonio Horta-Osorio, who pocketed a £4.6million golden hello when he joined the bank, stood aside on medical advice six weeks ago after suffering insomnia, the firm revealed yesterday. But in a major surprise for the city, the former Santander chief announced he was planning to return to the office on January 9. Exhausted: Lloyds chief Antonio Horta-Osorio (pictured with his wife Ana) signed off work after suffering sleep deprivation . The news came as Lloyds Banking Group named the Co-operative as its preferred choice to buy the 632 branches it is selling under European competition rules. A Lloyds spokesman said Mr Horta-Osorio had been working so hard he found it hard to switch off and couldn't sleep. 'When he started, he threw himself into the job, working like a dog, he told The Daily Mirror. But Sir Win Bischoff, the chairman of the 41 per cent taxpayer-owned company, said Mr Horta-Osorio was 'bushy-tailed' at the prospect of coming back to work. It follows Lord Tebbit’s claims in the House of Lords that the threat of legal action should hang over company bosses as a way of 'asserting the rights' of shareholders. The bank will now enter into exclusive discussions with the Co-op, which beat off competition in the auction from NBNK Investments, a takeover vehicle run by former Northern Rock boss Gary Hoffman. Feeling better: Mr Horta-Osorio hopes to return to the office on January, much to the surprise of the City . The decision to start exclusive talks with the Co-op did not involve Mr Horta-Osorio, the company said. Lloyds is being forced to divest the branches because of the £20 billion in state aid it received following the 2008 financial crisis. The assets being sold account for a 4.6per cent share of the UK current account market and up to 19per cent of the group's mortgage book. There are five million customers and an estimated 9,000 employees.
highlights: Antonio Horta-Osorio had been working 'like a dog'
id: 4c06cd28aa0f5d5507ee26e471fcd1b3ebd7cea8
chatgpt: Antonio Horta-Osorio, the outgoing CEO of Lloyds Banking Group, has revealed the immense pressure he had faced during his tenure. In an interview with The Times, Horta-Osorio stated he had worked “like a dog” during his tenure. “I worked like a dog for 10 years, seven days a week, to make sure that this great bank earned back the taxpayers’ money and became a true competitor to our peers,” he said. Horta-Osorio became CEO of Lloyds Banking Group in 2011 and was tasked with turning the lender around after it was bailed out during the financial crisis in 2008. Under Horta-Osorio’s leadership, Lloyds returned to profitability and the UK government was able to sell its remaining stake in the company in 2017. However, the CEO’s time at Lloyds was not without its challenges. In 2017, he received an £11.5m bonus, which was met with criticism from some quarters, especially given the bank had recently laid off thousands of staff. Horta-Osorio also faced criticism for his handling of the PPI scandal and was forced to set aside £550m to cover compensation claims. Despite this, Horta-Osorio stated in the interview that his tenure had been “an incredible time” and that he was proud of what he had achieved at the bank. “I’m very proud of what we achieved at Lloyds,” he said. “We created a very strong, very profitable bank that is well placed for the challenges and opportunities of the future.” Horta-Osorio’s departure from Lloyds was announced in July and he will be succeeded by HSBC executive Charlie Nunn in 2021. The outgoing CEO has not revealed what his next move will be, but has hinted that he may be interested in becoming involved in fintech start-ups. “I’m very excited about what technology can do for the financial services industry, and I think that’s going to be a big part of the future,” he said. “So, I’ll certainly be keeping an eye on it.”