article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . Ed Miliband is trying to hire an expert in broadcasting to stop him looking ‘weird’ on TV. The Labour party is recruiting a senior adviser to bring ‘fresh ideas’ to overhauling the leader’s image. In addition to having ideas about how to improve Mr Miliband’s ‘brand strengths’, the successful candidate will also need to have experience of dealing with ‘bad news stories’. Scroll down for video . Labour leader Ed Miliband is hiring a new TV adviser to improve his image and deal with bad news stories . The new aide will be tasked with changing Mr Miliband's image in the run-up to the 2015 general election . While Labour has maintained a lead in the polls, Mr Miliband’s personal ratings have remained poor. A YouGov survey last week showed 41 per cent of people think the Labour leader is ‘weird’ or ‘very weird’. The survey for BuzzFeed, which looked at the public’s perception of the leaders’ personalities, also found 36 per cent of the population believe Mr Miliband would have been bullied at school. With some opinion polls putting Labour’s lead over the Tories at just one point, Mr Miliband has ordered his team to beef up his media operation. The Labour website is advertising the new role of Head of the Leader’s Broadcasting, to be based in the Leader of the Opposition’s Office. The new job comes with a £44,244.40 salary, and a ‘fixed sum allowance’ of £971. The contract will last only until a month after the general election, due in May 2015. Some 41 per cent of voters think Ed Miliband is 'weird', compared to only 27 per cent who thought the same of David Cameron . Photo ops: Mr Miliband has been seen taking the tube and visiting flood-hit areas, where water sloshed over his wellies . The new recruit will be tasked with boosting coverage of the Labour leader and making the most of his ‘brand strengths’. The job involves ‘overseeing the broadcast output and visual images of the Leader of the Opposition’ and advising Mr Miliband on ‘broadcast performance and helping him prepare for clips/interviews/visits’. It follows concern that his clips to the cameras have been repetitive. In one interview in 2011 he repeatedly told unions and ministers embroiled in strike threats to ‘set aside the rhetoric’ and ‘get around the negotiating table to stop this happening again’. The new adviser will also be tasked with improving relations with the main broadcasters in the run up to the election. It includes: ‘Developing fresh ideas for making the best of Leader of Opposition's brand strengths and communicating his message in broadcast medium.’ According to the advert essential experience for the winning candidate includes ‘experience of working with senior politicians’ and ‘experience of dealing with good and bad news stories’. While Mr Miliband's current media team is dominated by former newspaper journalists, Mr Cameron's communications chief, Craig Oliver, is a former BBC executive.
highlights: Labour party advertises for new Head of the Leader’s Broadcasting . Includes bringing 'fresh ideas' to overhauling Miliband's image . Essential skills includes dealing with 'bad news stories' Poll shows 41% of people think Miliband is 'weird' or 'very weird'
id: 7c89de4d996dc72f49f3bd1697da1464c8280460
chatgpt: The UK's Labour Party has placed an advertisement for a Head of Leader's Broadcasting, seeking someone who can bring "fresh ideas" to overhauling the image of current party leader, Ed Miliband. The successful candidate will be expected to have experience in handling "bad news stories" and be able to work under pressure. One of the key responsibilities of the new Head of Leader's Broadcasting will be to help improve Miliband's public image. Recent polling data has shown that 41% of people believe that Miliband is "weird" or "very weird". This is a worrying statistic for the Labour Party, as the General Election is just around the corner. The party has been struggling in the polls, and many attribute this to Miliband's perceived lack of charisma and likability. It is hoped that the new Head of Leader's Broadcasting will be able to help turn this around. The party is looking for someone with experience in the media industry, who can help to craft a positive image for Miliband. The new Head of Leader's Broadcasting will be expected to work closely with Miliband and his team, helping to shape his public appearances and speeches. However, it's not just about making Miliband look good. The successful candidate will also need to be able to handle negative press, as well as help to prepare Miliband for potentially difficult interviews and debates. Labour has had its fair share of bad news stories over the past few years, and the new Head of Leader's Broadcasting will need to be able to deal with these in a professional and diplomatic manner. Strong communication skills will be a must, as will the ability to work well under pressure. In addition to working on Miliband's image, the new Head of Leader's Broadcasting will also be expected to bring fresh ideas to the table. Labour is looking for someone who can help to modernize the party's approach to media and communication, and who can keep up with the rapidly changing landscape of the industry. It's a challenging role, but one that could have a significant impact on the outcome of the General Election. Labour is clearly hoping that the new Head of Leader's Broadcasting will be the person to help turn things around, and that they will be able to give Miliband the boost he needs to connect with voters. For now, the search is on for the right person for the job. Labour will be looking for someone with the right combination of skills and experience, who can hit the ground running and help the party to achieve its goals. The clock is ticking, and time is running out - but for the right candidate, this could be the opportunity of a lifetime.