article: Two men have been arrested by counter-terror police today on suspicion of supporting a banned organisation. According to one report, the arrests followed a storm earlier this year over extremists handing out leaflets in London’s Oxford Street which urged Britons to join a new 'Islamic State'. Officers from the Metropolitan Police's Counter Terrorism Command arrested the men, aged 37 and 61, this morning in Luton, Bedfordshire. Arrest: Two men from Luton (pictured) have been held on suspicion of supporting a banned organisation . They were taken to a nearby police station where they were due to be questioned under Schedule 5 of the Terrorism Act 2000, a Scotland Yard spokesman said. There are 63 international terrorist organisations proscribed under the Terrorism Act 2000 including Islamic State (also known as ISIS), Al Qaeda, Al Shabaab, Al Muhajiroun and Boko Haram. Although the vast majority are radical Islamist groups, the Act also proscribes Northern Ireland related groups such as the Irish Republican Army and Ulster Freedom Fighters. According to the Telegraph's security editor Tom Whitehead, today's arrests came after a storm which surrounded leaflets which were handed out in London's busiest shopping street. There was an outcry in August after the leaflets, which were photographed and appeared on Twitter, heralded the 'dawn of a new era' in a newly-created 'Islamic State'. Declaring 'The Khilafah has been re-established', one leaflet claimed 'the Khilafah (Islamic State)' had been destroyed in 1924. Storm: There was anger on social media in August after leaflets praising a new 'Islamic State' were handed out in London's Oxford Street (pictured). A Met Police spokesman declined to confirm the Telegraph's report . It added: 'After many attempts and great sacrifices... the Muslims with the help of Allah have announced the re-establishment of the Khilafah.' The leaflet also called on Muslims to 'migrate and resettle' to the supposed state, 'obey' its leaders and 'expose lies and fabrications' about it, though did not state explicitly where it was. Commons Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz said at the time he would ask the Metropolitan Police to investigate, adding: 'The public should not be subjected to a terrorist recruitment drive in the middle of Europe’s biggest shopping high street.' Ghaffar Hussain, managing director of the anti-extremism foundation Quilliam, said at the time: 'This is a very disturbing development but one that should not come as a surprise since we are aware that around 500 British nationals have joined up with ISIS already.' However, there was a debate over whether the leaflets broke the law, because the one pictured did not appear to reference any banned groups directly. A Metropolitan Police spokesman declined to confirm or deny the Telegraph's report.
highlights: Metropolitan Police arrested men aged 37 and 61 in Luton, Bedfordshire . They are accused of supporting one of 63 banned terrorist organisations . UK's banned groups include ISIS, Al Qaeda, Al Shabaab and Boko Haram . According to one report, arrests follow storm over leaflets in August .
id: 03814a83eba140ed9fa012af9bf8f937af22fa97
chatgpt: The Metropolitan Police have arrested two men, aged 37 and 61, in Luton, Bedfordshire, on suspicion of supporting a banned terrorist organisation. The UK has banned 63 terrorist groups, including ISIS, Al Qaeda, Al Shabaab, and Boko Haram. The arrests followed a storm over leaflets that were distributed in Luton in August. The leaflets reportedly claimed that the group in question was not a terrorist organisation and that it was being unfairly targeted by the authorities. However, the Metropolitan Police have revealed that they had been monitoring the two men for some time before making the arrests. It is believed that they had been providing financial and logistical support to the banned group. The police have stressed that the arrests were made as part of an ongoing investigation and that there is no evidence to suggest that an attack was imminent. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, who is in charge of counter-terrorism operations in the UK, said: "This is a reminder that we will not tolerate those who provide support to terrorist organisations. We will continue to work tirelessly to disrupt and dismantle their networks, wherever they may be." The arrests have raised concerns about the prevalence of terrorist organisations in the UK. The government has been criticized in the past for failing to do enough to tackle extremist groups, and there is a growing sense that more needs to be done to prevent radicalization. Security expert Dr. David Lowe of Liverpool John Moores University commented: "The fact that individuals are still being arrested for supporting banned groups shows that the threat of terrorism is still very real. We need to do more to educate people about the dangers of extremism and to prevent vulnerable individuals from being radicalized." It is unclear at this stage whether the two men will be charged with any offences. The Metropolitan Police have said that they will continue to question the men and that they are confident that they will be able to gather enough evidence to bring charges if necessary. The arrests have been welcomed by local residents, who have expressed concern about the activities of extremist groups in the area. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "It's good to see the police taking action against these people. We need to feel safe in our community, and this kind of activity undermines that." The government has recently increased funding for counter-terrorism operations and has pledged to do more to tackle extremist groups. However, there is still a long way to go before the threat of terrorism can be fully eliminated. The arrests in Luton serve as a stark reminder of the need for continued vigilance and action against those who seek to cause harm and destruction in the name of extremist ideologies. The police have urged anyone with information about terrorist activity to come forward and help them in their efforts to keep the UK safe.