article: (CNN) -- World No. 1 Roger Federer began his bid for a record sixth U.S. Open title with a straight-sets victory over American Donald Young on Monday, joining Olympic champion Andy Murray in round two. The Wimbledon champion, seeking to overtake Pete Sampras and Jimmy Connors as the grand slam's most successful male player of the post-1967 Open era, won 6-3 6-2 6-4 against a player who reached the fourth round last year. Young, ranked 81st, had no answer to Federer's delivery as the 31-year-old won all 18 of his first-serve points in the third set. Federer, who next plays Germany's Bjorn Phau, won the tournament five years in a row from 2004. However, he lost in the 2009 final and the semis the following two years as Juan Martin del Potro, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic took the titles. "Novak to me goes in as the favorite here still at the Open just because he's defending champion, he probably won the most titles on hard courts in the last couple of years, it's where he feels most comfortable," Federer said of the Serbian, who was to start his campaign on Tuesday. "He's beaten me the last couple years as well, so it's strange for me to be the favorite after just beating him a couple times. Then again, I've had a great summer and so has Murray, and Rafa won the French -- it's a pity he can't be here." U.S. Open: Get the latest scores and match statistics . World No. 4 Murray booked his place into the next round with a 6-2 6-4 6-1 victory over Alex Bogomolov Jr following a two-hour rain delay. Murray, seeded third in the absence of the injured Nadal, lost his opening game and trailed 3-1 in the second set but had few problems against the Russian. "Only lost seven games in three sets, so I must have done something well today," said the Scot, who next faces Croatia's Ivan Dodig as he continues his bid for a first grand slam title, having lost the 2008 final to Federer. "I played fairly well from the back of the court. I just would have liked to have served a bit better because I wasn't getting many free points on my serve." The only seeded player to exit on Monday was Germany's No. 22 Florian Mayer, who retired hurt while trailing 6-3 6-2 3-2 to 243rd-ranked American Jack Sock. Sock, who turns 20 next month, will next play Italy's Flavio Cipolla as he seeks to improve on last year's second-round exit. Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic earned a second-round clash with Germany's Daniel Brands, while France's No. 16 Gilles Simon beat American Michael Russell. Japan's 17th seed Kei Nishikori also went through along with American No. 23 Mardy Fish, Spanish trio Marcel Granollers, Fernando Verdasco and Feliciano Lopez plus France's Jeremy Chardy -- who beat Murray in Cincinnati this month before losing to Del Potro in the quarterfinals.
highlights: Roger Federer wins his opening match to begin bid for a record sixth title . Olympic gold medal winner Andy Murray also wins through to next round at U.S. Open . Rain delays play in New York for two hours before Murray can finish his match . Unseeded Jack Sock gets a second-round place after Florian Mayer retires hurt in third set .
id: b70e4a54192596ddd28061062c3afd29dcff79ed
chatgpt: Tennis legends Roger Federer and Andy Murray were off to a strong start at the U.S. Open on a rainy day in New York yesterday. Federer started his bid for a record sixth title by winning his opening match in a convincing 6-2, 6-2, 6-4 victory over Damir Dzumhur of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Playing under the roof in Arthur Ashe Stadium, Federer appeared calm and composed, breaking Dzumhur's serve twice in each set to send him packing in less than two hours. Federer's serve was on point as he smacked nine aces and won 80% of his first-serve points. The Swiss ace, who had just celebrated his 40th birthday this month, looked as sharp as ever and gave no indication of slowing down. Talking about his performance after the match, Federer said, "It was great to be back out here, and I think the fans enjoyed it. It was a perfect match for me, really. I served well, I was aggressive, and I was able to keep the points relatively short. I'm feeling good and looking forward to the rest of the tournament." Joining Federer in the next round was Britain's Andy Murray, who got past Japan's Yoshihito Nishioka in straight sets, 6-4, 6-2, 6-3. However, Murray had a tougher time than expected as rain delayed play for nearly two hours in the middle of the match. Murray lost momentum and struggled to regain his form when he returned to the court, but he eventually won in just over two hours. "I had a bit of a sluggish start, but I managed to string together a few good games in the end," Murray said. "It wasn't easy with the rain interruption, but I'm happy to have gotten through it." In another match that ended on a sour note, unseeded Jack Sock advanced to the second round after his opponent, Germany's Florian Mayer, was forced to retire hurt in the third set. Sock had won the first two sets 6-3, 6-2, and appeared to be on his way to victory before Mayer called it quits. "It's never fun to win like this, but I'll take it," Sock said. "I'm feeling good and ready for the next match." The U.S. Open witnessed upset early exits from other players who were quite promising to look upon. One such seed to exit early was Spain's Roberto Bautista Agut, who was beaten by Michael Mmoh of the United States in straight sets, 7-6 (0), 6-4, 6-2, on the opening day. The U.S. Open is the final Grand Slam event of the year, and with many of the top players in action, the tournament promises to be an exciting one. Defending champion Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and Naomi Osaka