article: (CNN) -- The pastor of a non-denominational church in Argyle, Texas, passed around the collection plate to his congregants earlier this year -- and asked them to take money from it. Donations at the Cross Timbers Community Church had slumped because of the economic downturn. Pastor Toby Slough thought that his congregants had to be hurting, too. His gesture, instead, was met with an unexpected response: The church had its highest offering ever. It was a eureka moment for Slough: Give away money to those who need it, knowing his church members will help fill the need. "In these economic times, we can't be so into church business that we forget what our business is, and that is to help people," Slough told CNN television affiliate KDAF in Dallas-Forth Worth, Texas. In the past two months, the 9-year-old church has done just that: handed out a half-million dollars to members and non-members who are struggling.  Watch pastor on rip off concerns » . "We've taken $200,000 and spread it out to organizations -- four local, two missions that are feeding and clothing people in these tough times," Slough said. "We've paid utility bills for members of our church that are unemployed or under-employed." His favorite giveaway came three weeks ago. The church gave 1,400 families $50 each and told them to hand it out to someone else. One of the recipients was Katie Lewis. "I've been alone so long. Just to be thought of and to be remembered, to be welcomed -- it's amazing," she said, crying. Church members are pleasantly surprised. "You don't hear about a church giving money away," Amy Sullivan said. Slough said he is not concerned if people try to take advantage of the church's generosity. "I told my church a couple weeks ago, if I'm not being taken advantage of, I'm not being like Jesus," he said. The church has now formed a group to look into the best ways to give out money. And, Slough said, it plans on doing so as long as there is a need in the community.
highlights: Economy led to diminished donations at the Cross Timbers Community Church . Pastor decides to give away money to those who need it . Result was highest amount of donations ever for the church .
id: 471a2e611bc557d161040f903fc45b03a7c76f94
chatgpt: In the midst of a struggling economy, the Cross Timbers Community Church was feeling the pinch of diminished donations. As the pastor, John Smith, brainstormed ways to boost giving and support those hardest hit by the downturn, he came up with a unique idea. Rather than pleading directly for donations, Smith would use a portion of the church's dwindling funds to directly benefit those in need. Specifically, he would give away money to individuals and families most affected by job loss, medical emergencies, and other financial hardships. "The Bible teaches us to be generous and help those in need," Smith explained to his congregation. "But it's not enough to just talk about it. We need to put our money where our mouth is and demonstrate the love of Christ in tangible ways." To kickstart the initiative, Smith set aside $5,000 from the church budget to create a "Benevolence Fund" to be distributed to recipients carefully vetted by church staff members. What happened next shocked everyone. The first distribution of the Benevolence Fund resulted in an outpouring of support from the community. People who had never set foot in the Cross Timbers Community Church before began to hear about the fund and want to contribute. "We couldn't believe it," Smith said. "We were struggling to keep the lights on, and now people were coming forward to give more than they ever had before. It was an amazing outpouring of generosity." Indeed, over the next several weeks, the church saw its donations skyrocket. Members who had previously been discouraged by the struggling economy felt reinvigorated by the spirit of giving, and even those outside the congregation felt inspired to give to a worthy cause. The result was the highest amount of donations ever received by the Cross Timbers Community Church. The influx of giving not only allowed the church to continue its operations but also enabled it to expand its outreach programs and provide even more support to those in need throughout the community. "We never could have imagined the impact that this one idea would have," Smith said. "It just goes to show that when we put our faith into action, incredible things can happen."