article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:06 EST, 27 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:29 EST, 27 December 2013 . A 20-year-old allegedly went to the Indianapolis home of his former boss during the middle of the day and murdered the man's wife and daughter after getting fired from his job, court documents claim. Christian Rene Haley was identified on Thursday as the suspect in the gruesome murder of Marylyn Erb, 52, and Kelley Erb, 23, on Friday December 20 at their house in Westfield. The two women were found dead in the basement near a pool of blood, according to a probable cause affidavit, with the time of death said to be between noon and 1pm, reported MyDesert.com. In custody: Christian Haley, 20, stands accused of beating to death the wife and daughter of his former boss after being fired from his job at Sundown Gardens in Indianapolis after three months . Victims: Marylyn  Erb, 52 (left) and daughter Kelley Erb, 23 (right) were found dead in the basement of their home near 161st Street and Oak Park Court in Westfield, Indianapolis, after suffering blunt trauma to the head . Scene: Police close off entry to the Erb family home in Westfield, Indianapolis, on December 20 following the double murder . Haley had worked for Todd Erb at the family business Sundown Gardens, a nursery and gardening facility, for about three months. However he had been fired in June for 'attendance problems'. The court documents claim Haley bragged to a friend that he 'bashed (the victims') heads in with some cement or something' and that he was angry for getting fired. Todd Erb told police he was at work on the day of the murder and returned home about 4.30pm to find the bodies of his wife and daughter. Haley is now facing charges of murder, felony murder, robbery, burglary and theft. Authorities said Haley stole white pearl earrings, an iPhone 5, a gold-colored chain and two Chase bank cards belonging to the Erbs. Suspect Christian Haley worked at Sundown Gardens, a nursey owned by Todd Erb, for three months before getting fired in June due to 'attendance problems' Haley gave the cards to a friend, who then used them at Crown Liquors and a CVS, the affidavit said. Police received an anonymous Crimestoppers call from a person saying the friend was upset about Haley killing the two women. Police used CCTV footage from the stores to track down the individual, who confessed Haley had told him about the murders. Haley was then arrested. Haley had been to the Erb home before, the affidavit said, and several months ago had talked about robbing the Erbs with a gun.
highlights: Christian Rene Haley, 20, stands accused of murdering Marylyn Erb, 52, and Kelley Erb, 23, at their home in Westfield, Indianapolis, on December 20 . Haley had worked for the husband and father of the victims, Todd Erb, for three months, but was fired for 'attendence problems' Court documents say Haley bragged to a friend about 'bashing their heads in with some cement' before stealing jewellry, an iPhone and two debit cards .
id: 9849a8e873a4008e3af3e29dc9650b1b00d13e97
chatgpt: A 20-year-old man has been accused of brutally murdering a mother and daughter at their home in Indianapolis on December 20. The suspect, Christian Rene Haley, had worked for the husband and father of the victims, Todd Erb, for three months before being fired for attendance issues. He has since been charged with two counts of murder, burglary, and theft. According to court documents, Haley told a friend that he had "bashed their heads in with some cement" before stealing jewelry, an iPhone, and two debit cards from the home of the victims, Marylyn Erb, 52, and Kelley Erb, 23. The murder has shocked the community of Westfield, where the Erb family was well-known and respected. Todd Erb, the husband and father of the victims, expressed his grief and disbelief, saying: "We're just heartbroken. They were just innocent, wonderful people who didn't deserve this." Police arrived at the Erb home around 2:30 pm on December 20 after receiving a report of a suspicious person. When they entered the house, they found the bodies of Marylyn and Kelley Erb, both of whom had suffered blunt force trauma to the head. The stolen items were also recovered from the scene. Haley was arrested a few days later after police obtained surveillance footage that showed him near the Erb home at the time of the murder. He was taken into custody and later admitted to the crime during questioning. The motive for the murders remains unclear, although police believe that Haley's termination from his job may have played a role. It is unclear whether he knew the Erb family personally or if the crime was a random act of violence. Since his arrest, Haley has been held without bail at the Hamilton County Jail. He is set to appear in court on January 13 for a preliminary hearing. The Erb family has been remembered as a loving and close-knit group by those who knew them. Community members have come together to support the family during this difficult time, with several fundraisers and memorials planned in their honor. The tragedy has left a deep impact on the Westfield community, with many expressing shock and sorrow over the senseless violence that claimed the lives of two innocent women. As the investigation continues, authorities are urging anyone with information on the case to come forward and help bring justice for the Erb family.