article: The Spanish League will decide Tuesday afternoon if they are going to take action against Barcelona supporters singing ‘Ronaldo is a drunk’ at the Camp Nou on Sunday night. The League have officials at every La Liga match and the one at Barcelona’s meeting with Levante at the weekend included hearing the song in their report. If the Spanish League reports it to the Antiviolence Committee Barcelona could be fined or even have a part of the Nou Camp closed. The steps being considered are a result of Spanish football’s intention of cutting out all forms of crowd trouble or incitement to crowd trouble since a Deportivo supporter was killed in a pitched battle before a match at Atletico Madrid’s Vicente Calderon stadium in November. Barcelona fans chanted 'Ronaldo is a drunk' about Real Madrid star Cristiano at the Nou Camp . Barcelona could now face disciplinary action from the Spanish league. Pictured is their star man Lionel Messi . Despite what some might term 'terrace banter' appearing to have little to do with the organised violence that ended with a supporter being beaten to death outside a stadium last year, the football authorities have included chants and songs in their crackdown on trouble. Barca fan taunts followed Ronaldo’s 30th birthday party when he was videoed and photographed celebrating after a 4-0 defeat by Atletico Madrid. The league threatened similar action for sections of the Bernabeu chanting ‘Messi is retarded’ in December but none was taken. Real Madrid, however, were reported to have identified the 17 supporters who started the chant and expelled them. Ronaldo (right) sings alongside Colombian singer Kevin Roldan at his 30th birthday party . James Rodriguez, Roldan and  Ronaldo celebrates the Portuguese's 30th birthday earlier this month . In the past abuse of a racist nature aimed at players has gone unpunished in Spain with Dani Alves, Samuel Eto’o and Ashley Cole on international duty for England at the Bernabeu in 2004 all victims. The apparently frivolous nature of the song aimed at Ronaldo mean any serious punishment is likely to be met with ridicule outside of Spain. But with the Real Madrid v Barcelona rivalry colouring all La Liga debate there will be no shortage of Real Madrid supporters keen for the League to carry through on its threat.
highlights: Spanish League will decide Tuesday whether to take action after chants . Barcelona fans sung 'Ronaldo is a drunk' at Camp Nou on Sunday . Club could be fined or even have part of their stadium closed . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
id: a6eb4a7526cda01ed7b7ecca0f7878f51581bed5
chatgpt: The Spanish League will meet on Tuesday to decide whether to take action against Barcelona F.C. after their fans were heard chanting offensive remarks during Sunday's match against Real Madrid. The chants, which targeted Real Madrid's star player Cristiano Ronaldo and referred to him as a 'drunk,' were sung by Barcelona fans at the Camp Nou stadium. The Spanish League has the power to fine the club or even close part of their stadium if they determine that the chanting was in violation of their anti-racism protocol. It's not the first time that Barcelona fans have been caught chanting offensive remarks during a match. In March 2018, the club was fined by the Spanish League for taunting the striker Karim Benzema with insulting chants. As the league prepares to hold its meeting, Barcelona fans have taken to social media to voice their opinion on the matter. Some supporters argue that the chanting was harmless and simply part of the passion and energy that characterizes football matches. They argue that the Spanish League should not overreact to such incidents and instead focus on addressing more serious issues, such as racism and violence in football. Others, however, consider the chanting to be unacceptable and a form of discrimination against Ronaldo. They believe that the Spanish League should take strong action to show that such behavior will not be tolerated. Barcelona F.C. has not yet released a statement on the matter, but it is expected that they will cooperate fully with the Spanish League's investigation. The incident has sparked a wider debate about the role of football clubs in combating offensive behavior by their fans. Some argue that clubs should take stronger action to educate their supporters and encourage more respectful behavior. Others believe that the responsibility lies with the Spanish League and that they should take a tougher stance on incidents of discrimination and abuse. Whatever the outcome of Tuesday's meeting, the incident serves as a reminder of the need for greater respect and tolerance in football. With the eyes of the world watching, it is essential that clubs and their supporters demonstrate that they take these issues seriously and are committed to addressing them.