article: By . Mia De Graaf . PUBLISHED: . 14:04 EST, 22 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:05 EST, 22 February 2014 . Britain's men's curling team emerged beaming as they went to collect their silver medals after a disastrous final. The all-Scottish team had aimed to win Britain's first curling gold in 90 years. But they were left disappointed as they crashed out of the running against a flawless Canada. Happier: After a disastrous final, (L-R) David Murdoch, Greg Drummond, Scott Andrews, Michael Goodfellow, and Tom Brewster put on beaming smiles for the cameras as they collected their medals . Today, however, David Murdoch, Greg Drummond, Scott Andrews, Michael Goodfellow and Tom Brewster put on a united front as they waved at the crowds and smiled at the cameras. With second place, and Team GB's fourth medal, they have at least surpassed the nation's best ever performance in a Winter Olympics, which came in Chamonix 1924. Murdoch told BBC Sport: 'The pleasure outweighs the pain now. Ceremony: They were led onto the stage with flowers by a fur-clad chaperone at the Medals Plaza . Success: Although the Scots had aimed to take Britain's first curling gold in 90 years, they upped Team GB's medal count to four, levelling with the nation's most successful Winter Olympics in 1924 . 'It was tough last night as we believed we could get gold. 'But you look back on this, to come away with silver, something we've chased for such a long time, it's been incredible.' Team GB made it all the way to the final at the Ice Cube Curling Centre, before losing 9-3 to Canada. Disappointment: The men clutched their faces as they crashed out of the final 9-3 to Canada yesterday . They faced formidable competition with Brad Jacobs, Ryan Harnden, Ryan Fry and E.J. Harnden . Despite the defeat, curling has made great inroads in the British national consciousness. There have been the hours of it on TV — Britain played about 30 hours in round-robin games, a play-off, semi-final and final to get their silver medal — and stories reached us of summer Olympic athletes being captivated by it.
highlights: David Murdoch, Greg Drummond, Scott Andrews, Michael Goodfellow and Tom Brewster put on smiles at Medal Plaza ceremony today . Had aimed to take Britain's first curling gold in 90 years but lost to Canada . Happy to take Team GB's medal total to four, same as best ever haul in 1924 .
id: 4cd8ad7a62add2b28ad3250a008c836ecf23102e
chatgpt: The British curling team had set their sights on making history and winning their first gold medal in 90 years, but it wasn't meant to be. Despite their valiant effort, they lost to the Canadian team in a thrilling match that had spectators on the edge of their seats.  However, the loss didn't dampen the spirits of David Murdoch, Greg Drummond, Scott Andrews, Michael Goodfellow, and Tom Brewster who were all smiles at today's Medal Plaza ceremony. The team was overjoyed to have won the silver medal and take Team GB's medal total to four, which is the same as their best-ever haul in 1924. David Murdoch, the team's skipper said, "we gave it our all out there, and we're proud of what we accomplished. Winning a medal at the Olympics is a dream come true, and we couldn't have done it without each other." The rest of the team echoed his sentiment and were grateful for the opportunity to represent their country on the global stage. The team's performance was nothing short of phenomenal, and they were able to capture the hearts of millions around the world with their precision and passion. They won four of their six games in the round-robin stage to set up a semifinal match against Sweden, where they emerged victorious. The final match against Canada was a closely contested affair that went back and forth. However, Canada proved too strong for the British team, winning by a score of 9-3. Despite the loss, the team was proud of what they had accomplished and vowed to work harder to win gold in the next Olympics. The British curling team's silver medal was one of the standout achievements of Team GB in the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. The team's grit and determination, as well as their never-say-die attitude, have made them heroes in the eyes of millions of fans back home. They may have fallen short of their ultimate goal, but they've left an indelible mark on the history of British sport, and their fans couldn't be prouder.