article: Paris (CNN) -- Severe weather continued to disrupt travel across Europe Thursday, as heavy snowfall forced a border closure between France and Luxembourg and stranded thousands of airline passengers in Germany's busiest airport. The relentless snowfall shut down traffic on the A31, a major highway, which prompted the closing of the border. The severe weather also forced German officials to cancel 239 flights and order a four-hour shutdown of the Frankfurt airport. German's second largest airport, in Munich, announced the cancellation of 51 flights, most of them resulting from canceled flights at other airports. The border closing and flight cancellations come a day after heavy snow paralyzed travel in the Paris region, where officials suspended air traffic at one of Europe's busiest airports, closed several highways and shut down the Eiffel Tower. The tourist attraction reopened Thursday as officials downgraded a weather warning for central France from orange to yellow. French police urged motorists to avoid driving unless absolutely necessary to get to work. However, Gérard Gauzet, director of Paris motorways, said Thursday morning that "traffic should be back to normal by mid-afternoon." The Paris Metro is also running smoothly, but weather continues to delay some bus traffic, which was completely shut down by snow on Wednesday. At Charles de Gaulle airport, "air traffic is almost back to normal," according to an airport spokeswoman. "However, passengers should be prepared for delays and cancellations depending on the airline," the spokeswoman said. Snowfall shut down air traffic for several hours in the afternoon Wednesday. The Wednesday traffic jams in the Parisian metro area set a new record. According to the National Center for Highway Information, snarled traffic lined 420 kilometers of roadways around the capital. Shelters opened in the region to take in stranded motorists, and many people reported spending the night in their offices after being unable to get home. Some disruptions were also reported on the region's railways Wednesday, with the high-speed TGV trains limited to a speed of 230 kph instead of the usual speeds of up to 320 kph, and several trains were delayed. Journalist Celine Martelet of radio station RMC told CNN affiliate BFM-TV on Wednesday she had been blocked on a highway near Paris for three hours. "There's an incredible silence, not one noise," she said. "People are leaving their cars and trying to go on foot. I saw one man on skis, who was going to find his wife who was stuck in a traffic jam two kilometers away. He was going to help her get out of her car." CNN's Alanne Orjoux, Saskya Vandoorne and Winnie Andrews contributed to this report .
highlights: Thousands of air travelers are stranded at Frankfurt's airport . French commuters are urged not to drive unless absolutely necessary . The Eiffel Tower reopens .
id: 3e84f6e56ef03b5a2e7dd13317eb4e028b385a24
chatgpt: The travel plans of thousands of passengers have been disrupted as they were stranded at Frankfurt's airport after an unexploded bomb from World War II was found near a runway. Flights have been disrupted, and airport authorities were seen working tirelessly to remove the bomb and ensure the safety of passengers. The discovery of the bomb was made during a routine inspection, and airport officials implemented safety precautions immediately. The airport was closed, and passengers were advised to check with their airlines for updates on their flights. Many of them were left stranded with nowhere to go. London-bound passenger, Emma Johnson, was among those left stranded. “We were supposed to fly out last night, but our flight was cancelled. Today we were rescheduled, but now we don't know what's going on," she said. "We just want to get to London." Passengers were seen sleeping on airport benches, lying on the floors, and queuing up for food and water. Airport officials provided pillows and blankets to the stranded travelers but it was not enough to comfort them. The German Red Cross also supplied food and water for the stranded passengers. Meanwhile, commuters in France are facing another challenge - not to drive unless absolutely necessary. With the country's labor unions on strike, many roads are congested, and public transportation is limited. The National Road Safety agency urged commuters to avoid driving to work and to use other forms of transportation instead. Many commuters have opted to use bikes or take a walk to work. However, for those who were not able to follow the advice, the traffic congestion proved to be a nightmare. "I normally take the bus, but today I had to drive. The traffic was so bad that I had to turn back and go home. I'm going to have to work from home," said Nicolas Dupont, an office worker in Paris. As travelers in Germany get stranded and commuters in France face travel difficulties, the Eiffel Tower has reopened its doors to tourists. The iconic tower was closed during the labor strikes in France, but now visitors can enjoy the panoramic view of Paris once again. The Eiffel Tower is one of the world’s most-visited tourist attractions. It draws millions of visitors each year, and many were disappointed that it was closed. "We were so excited to see the Eiffel Tower, but when we arrived, there was a sign that it was closed. We were so disappointed," said Janet Smith, a tourist from the United States. But now, with the Eiffel Tower open to visitors once again, tourists can add this iconic landmark to their itineraries. The reopening came as a welcome relief for tour operators who had to deal with cancellations due to the strike. With challenges faced by passengers and commuters across Europe, the reopening of the Eiffel Tower gives a ray of hope, that despite the disruptions, travel can still go on as planned.