article: By . Associated Press . and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 01:08 EST, 20 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 01:08 EST, 20 February 2014 . One lucky Californian is about to become an instant millionaire after buying a Powerball ticket with all six matching numbers. The jackpot for the lottery grew to $400million, the sixth-largest in history, when the numbers 1, 17, 35, 49, 54 and 34 were drawn Wednesday night. The California lottery quickly tweeted that a ticket will all matching numbers was sold at a Chevron gas station in Milpitas. Winner, winner: A winning ticket has been issued in California for the $400million Powerball . Been here recently? This Chevron gas station in Milpitas sold a Powerball ticket with all six matching numbers . That tweet was followed by another saying two other tickets had five of the six numbers. One was sold in Modesto and the other in El Segundo. There's no word yet on whether other tickets with all six matching numbers were sold in other states. The lucky numbers were drawn at 10:59 pm (ET) Wednesday night. New heights: The $400 miliion Powerball jackpot tops the list of lottery payouts in this convenience store in the Minneapolis skyway system, . While tonight's Powerball jackpot is the sixth-largest in U.S. lottery history, it may not be for long. More than half of the 10 largest lottery jackpots have been reached since 2012. That's because major game changes to Powerball and Mega Millions have created larger jackpots in shorter periods of time. As for the winner, note that you shouldn't spend your new-found fortune on that beachfront mansion you've always dreamed of. Financial experts agree that you should forego . large vanity purchases and instead set up annuities and long-term trusts . for descendants. Getting bigger!  Each drawing without a winner rolls the jackpot over and makes it more lucrative .
highlights: A winning Powerball ticket with all six numbers matching was sold at a gas station in Milpitas, California . The winning numbers were 1, 17, 35, 49, 54 and 34 . Wednesday night's jackpot reach an estimated $400million - the sixth-largest in U.S. lottery history . The one-time cash payout is $227.8 million .
id: 33bfb7b8c4d5695c71889b572b4097d99cf99177
chatgpt: A gas station in Milpitas, California has sold a jackpot-winning Powerball ticket, with all six numbers matching. The winning combination was 1, 17, 35, 49, 54, and 34. Wednesday night's jackpot reached an estimated $400 million, making it the sixth-largest in US lottery history. The identity of the lucky winner has not been revealed yet, but they now have the option to claim the one-time cash payout of $227.8 million. The gas station that sold the winning ticket is expected to receive a $1 million bonus from the California Lottery Commission. This particular Powerball drawing was highly anticipated as nobody had won the jackpot for several weeks, causing the prize to accumulate to its impressive amount. Millions of people across the country had bought tickets, hoping to become instant multimillionaires. The odds of winning the grand prize in Powerball are 1 in 292.2 million, meaning that the chances of having a winning ticket are extremely slim. However, that does not stop people from trying their luck, as Powerball jackpots have the potential to change lives. The California Lottery Commission has urged the winner to sign the back of the ticket and keep it in a safe place until they are ready to claim their prize. The winner will have up to one year to come forward and claim their prize, but it is recommended that they do so as soon as possible. This is not the first time that California has produced a big Powerball winner. In 2017, a lucky individual won a $447.8 million jackpot after buying a ticket at a liquor store in Menifee. The identity of that winner was never revealed. For now, the focus remains on the most recent Powerball winner and their life-changing purchase at a gas station in Milpitas. As for the rest of us, we can only dream of the possibilities that come with winning the lottery.