article: By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 12:59 EST, 1 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:24 EST, 1 February 2013 . A woman braved freezing temperatures when she jumped into a canal to save a drowning puppy. Arleta Vakane, 38, spotted the seven-week-old cross-breed which has fallen into the Oxford Canal during last week’s cold snap, and did not hesitate to go in after it. Ms Vakane was crossing a bridge near Banbury, Oxon when she heard loud whimpers and saw the helpless dog with only its nose above the water. After trying to get hold of the terrier from shore, she jumped into the canal to come to its rescue. Puppy love: Arleta Vakane jumped into a freezing canal to save drowning puppy Chilly . Print operator Arleta rushed the dog to a nearby veterinary clinic where staff have now named the puppy Chilly, after its cold ordeal. Ms Vakane said: ‘I heard this screaming, crying noise and when I looked I saw something moving in the middle of the canal. ‘As I got nearer I saw it was a puppy paddling in the water and trying to keep her nose out of the water - everything else, including her ears, had gone under. ‘The noise she was making was so loud - she was fighting for her life. ‘I laid in the snow and tried to grab her but the gap between us was too big, so I got into the water to reach her.’ Two days after last week's rescue, Arleta and Chilly were reunited and she says plans to keep the puppy, unless the owners come forward to claim her. She said: ‘When I saw her again I . couldn't believe it was the same dog. Her eyes are so bright but when I . last saw them they looked half dead. ‘If I keep her I'll rename her Hope - because we all hoped she would survive.' Cheeky Chilly: The seven-week-old puppy takes a nibble of a carer's finger as she recovers from her ordeal . Saving grace: Arleta was crossing the Oxford Canal near Banbury when she heard the helpless whimpers of the puppy and came to her rescue . Veterinary surgeon Will Oldham, from Hawthorne Lodge Veterinary Practice, added: ‘When the puppy arrived she was shivering and barely conscious. ‘She was so cold it took an hour-and-a-half to read her temperature. ‘Given how cold it was she would not have survived another few minutes in that water. ‘She is a very, very lucky puppy - Arleta undoubtedly saved her life. ‘The area of the canal she went into is not very nice at all but her brave actions mean this story had a very happy ending.’
highlights: Arleta Vakane jumped into the Oxford Canal to save seven-week-old Chilly . She heard the dog's call for help and spotted its nose above the water . Unless she is claimed, Arleta plans to adopt the dog and rename her Hope .
id: 78bccb6c9c88f1db7d17290bf798eeb096641018
chatgpt: In a heartwarming act of bravery, Arleta Vakane, a 27-year-old resident of Oxford, saved a seven-week-old Cocker Spaniel from drowning in the Oxford Canal. The incident took place on Sunday afternoon, when Vakane heard the dog's yelping and quickly realized that it was in danger. Acting swiftly and without hesitation, Vakane jumped into the canal to save the helpless animal. According to Vakane, she was walking along the canal when she heard the dog's call for help. "I could hear the yelping getting louder and louder," Vakane said. "I looked down and saw the nose of a little puppy sticking out of the water. I knew I had to act fast." Without a moment's hesitation, Vakane jumped into the canal and swam over to the puppy. When she reached the dog, she realized that it was struggling to keep its head above the water. Vakane picked up the puppy and scrambled up the canal's steep bank to safety. After rescuing the puppy, Vakane took it to a local veterinary clinic for a checkup. The puppy, who was now named Chilly, had a clean bill of health and was deemed to be in good condition. However, the puppy didn't have a collar, and nobody had reported it missing. Vakane had no choice but to take the puppy home with her. "I was so relieved to see that the puppy was safe," Vakane said. "I knew that I had to take her with me and take care of her. She needed a home, and I couldn't bear the thought of her living on the streets." Vakane has since renamed the puppy Hope and has made the decision to adopt her. "Unless somebody claims her soon, she's staying with me," Vakane said. "I know that I can provide a happy home and take care of her properly." Members of the local community have praised Vakane for her bravery and caring attitude. Many have thanked her for going above and beyond in order to save the puppy's life. Some have even offered to help Vakane pay for Hope's veterinary bills and provide her with the necessary care. As for Hope, she seems to be settling into life with Vakane quite well. "She's such a happy, playful puppy," Vakane said. "She's always wagging her tail and following me around. I'm so happy that I was able to save her, and that she now has a second chance at life." The story of Arleta Vakane and her rescue of Hope serves as a powerful reminder of the importance of being attentive and caring towards animals. It is a story of bravery, compassion, and a true act of heroism.