article: By . Sean O'hare . PUBLISHED: . 10:18 EST, 10 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:37 EST, 10 December 2012 . 100 turkeys destined for the Christmas dinner table have been rescued from a barn after 50 tons of hay caught fire. The birds were rescued from the fire at Home Farm, in Mitcheldean, Gloucestershire, shortly after 4.30am today. The blaze is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault in the barn. Rescued: Bill Hurst (pictured), father of the owner of Home Farm, helped firefighters and neighbours rescue the turkeys by hand in the early hours of this morning . Fire: The blaze at Home Farm, Mitcheldean, is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault in the barn . Fire station commander Dave Pike said the turkeys, which had been sleeping in a section of the barn near hay bales and agricultural machinery, were all safely accounted for. But he said their brush with death was unlikely to spare them from the dinner table this Christmas. He said: 'I understand the birds had been readied for Christmas, and I don't think this morning's incident is really going to change that. 'They were corralled to a safe place elsewhere on the farm, and all are doing fine. 'But, as I understand it, they are still due to be slaughtered.' Firemen, with the help of the farm owner and neighbours safely transferred all of the turkeys by hand to a nearby pen. Initially two fire appliances from Cinderford community fire station were sent to the scene with a total of 12 firefighters, but a further 4 crews were called as the blaze took hold. Distinguished: The turkeys had been sleeping in a section of the Home Farm, Gloucestershire barn near hay bales and agricultural machinery, and were all safely accounted for . Watch Commander Andy Fitt said: 'We did feel a little sorry for them as they will still all be for the chop. 'They have all been pre-ordered and paid for, so there will be no reprieve, sadly.' The fire service said the barn contained 50 tons of hay, one tractor and one combine harvester, all severely damaged in the blaze. There were no injuries. Mr Pike added: 'We get called to farm fires from time to time, and usually we deal with pigs and sheep suffering from the effects of fire. 'It was slightly unusual for us to deal with turkeys, but the crews did a bootiful (sic) job.' Christmas Day: All of the rescued turkeys have been pre-paid for by customers who want them for their Christmas Day lunch .
highlights: Fire at Home Farm, Gloucestershire, believed to be caused by electrical fault . The birds will still be slaughtered for Christmas .
id: 84c137f036cd9031889271c49c931e59d23fa0df
chatgpt: In a devastating turn of events, a fire has broken out at Home Farm in Gloucestershire, believed to be caused by an electrical fault. Firefighters quickly responded to the scene and were able to extinguish the flames, but not before significant damage was done to the property. Thankfully, no one was injured in the blaze, but there is still much to be assessed in terms of the long-term impact on the farm and its operations. Home Farm, which is known locally for its award-winning turkeys, has confirmed that although some of the birds were lost in the fire, there will still be enough available for Christmas. In a statement, the farm's owner expressed their gratitude to the firefighters who responded to the emergency, as well as the community for their support. They also confirmed that they would be working closely with authorities to determine the cause of the fire and take any necessary steps to prevent future incidents. The incident serves as a reminder of the risks that come with running a farm or any other complex operation involving electrical and mechanical equipment. While it is impossible to predict when accidents may occur, there are steps that can be taken to minimize risk and ensure the safety of both humans and animals. This is not the first time that Home Farm has faced challenges. In 2020, the farm was forced to temporarily close due to an outbreak of avian flu, which led to the culling of over 10,000 birds. Despite the setbacks, the farm has remained resilient and is widely regarded as a pillar of the local community. As Christmas approaches, many families will be looking forward to enjoying a delicious meal with loved ones, and for some, that means purchasing a turkey from Home Farm. The owners have assured customers that there will still be plenty of turkeys available, albeit with a smaller selection than usual. For those who are interested in supporting the farm and its operations, there are a number of ways to help. One option is to donate to the farm's recovery efforts, which will no doubt be significant in the aftermath of the fire. Another is to place an order for a turkey or other product, showing your support while also enjoying a delicious, locally-sourced meal. No matter what happens in the coming days and weeks, it is clear that Home Farm is an essential part of the community in Gloucestershire and beyond. While the fire is certainly a setback, it is also an opportunity for the farm and its supporters to come together and show their resilience in the face of adversity.