article: By . Richard Spillett . Heartless thieves have left a couple devastated after ransacking their home and stealing laptops, jewellery - and their pet SAUSAGE DOG. Plumber Marc Rose, 26, came back to to his home in Carleton, near Blackpool, Lancashire on Monday lunchtime to find two computers, an iPad, an iPhone 5 and a gold watch had been stolen, while the stairs had been daubed with spray paint. But the misery for he and his girlfriend, Jade Earley, was made all the worse when they realised the burglars had also taken their four-month-old pedigree dachshund, Richie. Scroll down for video . Four-month-old pedigree dachshund Richie, whose owners Marc Rose and Jade Earley are devastated after he was stolen from their home during a raid by burglars . Heartbroken Mr Rose says losing Richie was like having a child snatched from him . The pet dog, worth around £1,000, was bought by Mr Rose as a Christmas present for Miss Earley. The emotional couple have now made an heart-felt plea to the thieves to return Richie - as they continue to walk the streets looking for him. Mr Rose blasted the criminals as 'sick', adding: 'It’s like taking a child because he’s been a massive part of the family for the last four months and now he’s gone. 'I don’t mind the other things being taken, but not my dog. I’m seething with anger, but that’s not getting me anywhere. 'We’d been talking about getting a dog for a long time and we thought long and hard about getting one. 'He was beautiful when I first saw him and we are devastated. I just hope we get some justice and they go to prison because that’s what they deserve.' The couple say Richie, who was a Christmas present for Miss Earley, would have been petrified of any intruders . Mr Rose and Miss Earley have been walking the streets looking for Richie and have put up posters in Carleton, Lancashire . Richie is kept in the conservatory during the day and would have been unable to get out without someone opening the door. The front door was also closed when Mr Rose came home, meaning Richie couldn’t have escaped of his own accord. Miss Earley, 24, a beauty manager at Tesco, says the couple have notified the RSPCA and local dog kennels, are now depserately looking for Richie in places where they usually walk him. She added: 'It’s the worst possible thing imaginable. 'You would think someone coming into your house is bad enough, but nothing compares to them taking your dog. It’s awful. 'He’s small and is nervous around people anyway, so he would’ve been scared and tried to hide behind the couch to get away. 'We’ve been everywhere we can think of and it's just a complete worry.' Lancashire Police have appealed for anyone in the area with information to call 101.
highlights: Burglars broke into Lancashire home of plumber Marc Rose on Monday . He and girlfriend Jade Earley left distraught after pet dog was taken . Four-month-old pedigree dachshund, Richie, had been a Christmas present . Couple are now walking the streets in desperate search for the little dog . They say the young hound would have been petrified by any intruders . Lancashire Police are now investigating and have appealed for information .
id: afd12796af92f9c02825403b7c9354c7a348432e
chatgpt: Burglars have struck again, this time targeting the Lancashire home of plumber, Marc Rose. The incident occurred on Monday, and the heartless culprits made away with a precious item belonging to Marc and his girlfriend, Jade Earley. In an interview with our correspondent, the couple revealed that their four-month-old pedigree dachshund, Richie, was taken by the burglars. Richie, who was a Christmas gift to the couple, was reportedly very dear to them, and they are now devastated by his loss. Speaking emotionally, Jade Earley said they have been walking the streets since the incident, searching for any clue as to the whereabouts of their beloved pet. The young hound would apparently have been petrified by the intrusion, and Marc and Jade are now worried about Richie's wellbeing. They are appealing to anyone with information regarding Richie's whereabouts to come forward and assist them. The Lancashire Police have also launched an investigation into the incident and have appealed for any leads that can assist them in their investigation. They have promised that they will do everything within their power to bring the burglars to book and recover the stolen animal. Residents in the area have expressed their shock and dismay over the incident. Many have called it a heinous crime against the couple and their pet, and are hoping that justice will be served. Some have called for increased security measures to be put in place to deter burglars from striking in the area. Burglaries have become a growing concern in Lancashire in recent years, with many homeowners falling prey to the selfish and criminal activities of intruders. The incidents have caused many residents to live in fear, and there have been calls for increased police patrols to help deter such activities. In the meantime, the couple is voicing their hope that they will be reunited with their beloved pet soon. They are urging anyone with information about Richie's whereabouts to contact them or the police immediately. The whole incident has left the couple deeply traumatized, and they are appealing to people's sense of compassion and decency to help them find their pet. Marc Rose and Jade Earley are just one example of the many people who have fallen victim to the increasingly brazen activities of burglars in the Lancashire area. As the police continue their investigation, the couple says they are praying for the safe return of their beloved Richie. They are urging anyone who can assist them to come forward and help them bring an end to this heartless act.