article: By anyone’s standards, Lucifer is a pretty hellish name to call your offspring – and authorities in New Zealand have effectively banned parents from using it, along with that of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler. The country's Registrar of Births, Deaths and Marriages has also turned down Baron, Bishop, Duke, General, Judge, King, Knight and Mr, apparently because they sound too much like titles. The crackdown on naming freedom could . well stem from global headlines in 2008 that revealed that two Kiwi boys . bore the names Violence and Number 16 Bus Shelter. Name game: Parents in New Zealand have banned parents from calling their children Lucifer or Adolf Hitler . Calling your bundle of joy a punctuation mark, like . (full-stop) or * (asterisk) or simply a letter is also a no-no. Several parents tried to register C, D, I and T, but weren’t allowed. According to reports, q and J were given the green light after the mothers and fathers appealed. One New Zealand judge has warned parents that giving your child a bizarre name could lead to psychological trauma for it in later life. ‘It makes a fool of the child and sets her up with a social disability and handicap,’ Family Court Judge Rob Murfitt said in 2008 after granting nine-year-old Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii permission to assume a more straightforward title. There are some odd names here in Britain, too. Website thebabywebsite.com recently revealed that Barb Dwyer,  Ray Gunn, Mary Christmas, Max Power, Justin Case and Chris Cross had all been registered. Sweden also has a proud history of giving babies strange titles. The requests don’t always succeed, though. ‘Brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116’ didn’t get through, but Google and Lego did. Odd: Victoria and David Beckham called their recently born baby Harper Seven . In celebland, funny names are all the rage. Our very own David and Victoria Beckham have named their first baby daughter Harper Seven, which one Twitter user said sounded ‘like a serious infection’. In Hollywood, meanwhile, actor Sylvester Stallone gave his son the middle name of Sage Moonblood and director Steven Spielberg called his young son Destry.
highlights: Births registrar also bans Baron, Duke and Knight . C, D, I and T also blocked . Harper Seven would have been fine, though .
id: 49f025f0048ffa52a8fa91816ccc225b9f0c4c35
chatgpt: In a recent move that has raised eyebrows, the UK's births registrar has banned several titles from being used as names for newborns. Baron, Duke, and Knight have all been deemed off-limits, along with the initials C, D, I, and T. While these restrictions may seem arbitrary, the registrar claims they are meant to prevent children from being burdened with names that could lead to teasing or ridicule. The decision has sparked debate among parents and experts alike, with some applauding the move for protecting children from potentially harmful names, while others argue that it infringes on parents' rights to choose their children's names. However, there is one name that has been confirmed as still being permitted: Harper Seven. The name Harper Seven gained fame when it was chosen by Victoria and David Beckham for their daughter, who was born in 2011. The name is seen by some as unique and creative, while others criticize it for being too "out there" and attention-seeking. Nonetheless, the births registrar has confirmed that Harper Seven does not violate any of their naming restrictions. The decision has raised questions about where to draw the line when it comes to baby names. While certain titles like Baron, Duke, and Knight may seem obviously inappropriate, other names that might be seen as unusual or unconventional could still be allowed. The registrar's decision seems to be based largely on whether a name could cause a child to be bullied or ostracized later in life. However, critics argue that this approach could lead to a slippery slope, where the government tries to dictate what parents can and can't name their children based on arbitrary standards. Some have even argued that the decision smacks of elitism, as most of the banned titles are associated with nobility. Regardless of the controversy, it seems that parents will continue to find creative and unique names for their children, whether or not they comply with the births registrar's rules. And for those who have their hearts set on naming their child Baron, Duke, or Knight, they may just have to find a different title that still carries the same regal connotation.