article: (CNN) -- Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg picked up where they left off in Malaysia completing another dominant day for Mercedes at Friday's practice session in Bahrain ahead of Sunday's Grand Prix. The pair took the Formula One team's first one-two for 59 years at Kuala Lumpur's Sepang's International Circuit last weekend, and are on course to repeat the feat if Friday's practice is any guide. Hamilton finished the day top of the standings at the floodlit Sakhir circuit with a best lap time of one minute 34.325 seconds with German teammate Rosberg 0.365 seconds behind. "The track temperature was 38-40 degrees and then this afternoon was a lot cooler, about ten degrees, so it's just really not trying to panic and react to the change," Hamilton told Sky Sports News. "We struggled a bit on the tires as everyone did." Rosberg was satisfied with second place and welcomed the new night racing in Bahrain. "It's spectacular. Even on track it's very impressive. It's good, especially for TV viewers. It's going to be great to watch," Rosberg said. "Visibility wise it's very similar to Singapore. It's a bit more difficult in the dark with the glare." He was also buoyed by the positive update on the health of his compatriot Michael Schumacher. The former F1 star has been in a medically-induced coma for over three months following a skiing accident, but is now starting to have "moments of consciousness," his agent Sabine Kehm said Friday. "It's fantastic to hear," Rosberg said. "I am very happy, as is everybody else in the paddock. We know that his family would be very careful before releasing such good news. I hope he will continue to progress." The German currently heads Hamilton in the Drivers' Championship after winning the opening race in Melbourne and coming second behind his British teammate last weekend. Mercedes lead the Constructors' Championship with 68 points ahead of McLaren who have 43 points with Ferrari currently third. Fernando Alonso confirmed the Italian team's current overall rank completing the third fastest lap in Friday's practice, 1.035 seconds behind Hamilton. Red Bull continue to struggle with the new F1 regulations. Daniel Ricciardo and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel finished 14th and 10th respectively in the first practice before recovering to fourth and seventh under the floodlights in session two. Williams continued their 2014 resurgence with Felipe Massa fifth fastest ahead of McLaren's Jenson Button. Russia's Daniil Kvyat steered his Toro Rosso to eighth while Button's Danish teammate Kevin Magnussen was ninth. Force India's Sergio Perez completed the top 10. Qualifying will take place after the third and final practice session on Saturday with the Grand Prix -- the first under floodlights in Bahrain -- starting at 15.00 GMT on Sunday. Read more: Hamilton dedicates Malaysia win to MH370 victims . Read more: Schumacher shows 'moments of consciousness'
highlights: Mercedes dominate Friday practice ahead of Sunday's Bahrain GP . Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finish top under floodlights at Sakhir Circuit . Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel finishes seventh fastest . Sunday's Bahrain GP will take place under floodlights for first time .
id: cbc4c728b25c16fb9412bbece080e7895f761f7a
chatgpt: Friday's practice sessions ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix saw Mercedes dominate the Sakhir Circuit under floodlights. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished as the top two fastest drivers, with Hamilton breaking the lap record with a time of 1:34.325. However, Hamilton remains cautious about his chances in the race, acknowledging that the team has work to do to stay ahead of their rivals. Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel struggled in practice, finishing in seventh place, over a second behind the leading pace of Hamilton. The Ferrari driver appeared to struggle with the car and was unable to match the pace of the main contenders. However, Vettel remains hopeful of improving ahead of Sunday's race, saying that he's confident they can find more speed. While the top teams showed their pace on Friday, the rest of the midfield and backmarkers struggled to keep up. Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat and Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz Jr. finished in the top six, showing that they could be in contention for the points come Sunday. However, they both finished over a second behind Hamilton's time, highlighting the dominance of the Mercedes team. Sunday's Bahrain GP will take place under floodlights for the first time in the race's history. While night races are not new to Formula 1, they add an extra dimension to the spectacle and challenge drivers to adjust their driving as the visibility changes. The track and cars will look even more striking under the floodlights, which will be a treat for the TV audience. Mercedes will be looking to continue their dominance in Bahrain and score another win for the 2021 season. The team has a lot to prove after losing ground to Red Bull in the previous race in Imola. With the team having looked comfortable in practice, Hamilton will be looking to take home another win and extend his lead in the championship standings. However, Red Bull isn't willing to give up without a fight. The team will be looking to bounce back from their disappointing result in Imola and get back to the top step of the podium. Max Verstappen finished in fifth place, just behind Carlos Sainz Jr., and will be hoping to move up the order in qualifying and the race. The rest of the midfield and backmarkers will also be aiming for a strong result in Bahrain. McLaren's Lando Norris finished in eighth place, with AlphaTauri's Pierre Gasly and Aston Martin's Lance Stroll finishing ninth and tenth respectively. The pack will be looking to improve upon their positions in the race and score some valuable points. Overall, Friday's practice sessions saw Mercedes dominate the field and set the pace for the weekend. The team will be hoping to carry this form into qualifying and the race and take home another win. However, with Red Bull and Ferrari not far behind, anything can happen come race day.