article: Ukraine was forced to shut down a reactor at its biggest nuclear power plant yesterday following an 'electrical malfunction', the second such incident in the space of a month. One of six reactors at the  Zaporizhia power station in the south-east of the country was automatically disconnected by the plant's 'internal defence mechanism' at 6am yesterday morning. Workers managed to repair to the fault and the reactor was reconnected to the power grid at 22:35, the plant's operator's NPP said in a statement. Shutdown: The Zaporozhiya nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine where one of six reactors was automatically taken off-line yesterday following an electrical fault . Earlier this month another of Zaporizhia's reactors was taken off-line after it suffered a short-circuit leading to widespread blackouts. The plant, which is the largest nuclear power station in Europe and the fifth largest in the world, supplies around 40 per cent of Ukraine's nuclear power and was switched on in 1984. The incident has revived memories of the 1986 Chernobyl disaster - the worst nuclear power station accident in history in which 31 people were killed and large amounts of radiation released into the environment. A statement on the Zaporizhia plant's website said radiation levels around the facility remained at normal levels and that the accident was being investigated. Ukraine is in the grip of an energy crisis with authorities in Kiev  refusing to buy coal from the conflict-hit Donetsk and Lugansk regions, fearing it could benefit pro-Russian factions. To make matters worse around half of the country's coal-fuelled power stations are said to need emergency repairs. The Chernobyl disaster was the worst nuclear power station accident in history resulting in the deaths of 31 people and large amounts of radiation being released into the environment . There are fears for the safety of the Zaporizhia plant as lies only 200 kilometres from the rebel-held Donetsk region. Two of Zaporizhia's reactors are due to be decommissioned  in February  having been operating for over 30 years. In May pro-Ukrainian paramilitaries confronted police and security at the plant claiming they had come to remove 'pro-Russian' agitators they claimed were operating inside the plant. Zaporizhia  produces up to 22 percent of all electricity generated in the country.
highlights: One of six reactors at the Zaporizhia power station shut down yesterday . Plant operators say it was caused by an 'electrical malfunction' It is the second such incident there in the space of a month . Zaporizhia is Europe's biggest nuclear power station . Switched on in 1984, it supplies 22% of all Ukraine's electricity .
id: aa65914d0a1ada21ee33efca1fc6795c097f176c
chatgpt: One of the six reactors at Zaporizhia power station, Europe's largest nuclear power station, was shut down yesterday due to what plant operators have described as an 'electrical malfunction.' This marks the second such incident in less than a month at the facility, which has been operational since 1984 and supplies 22% of all electricity to Ukraine. The recent shutdown has not resulted in any negative consequences, either for the power plant or the surrounding environment, according to a statement issued by the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate of Ukraine. However, the incident will likely raise concerns about the safety and reliability of aging nuclear infrastructure in Europe. Zaporizhia, which is located in southeastern Ukraine along the banks of the Dnieper River, has six VVER-1000 nuclear reactors that are capable of producing a total output of 6,000 MW. It is the largest power plant in the country and one of the largest in the world. The first reactor outage occurred on December 10th, 2021, also due to an electrical malfunction. It took several days to bring the reactor back online, leading to concerns about the stability of the facility's electric systems, as well as the overall safety of the reactors. The shutdowns come amid a general sense of unease about the safety of nuclear power in Ukraine following the catastrophic Chernobyl disaster of 1986. Ukraine has struggled to maintain and upgrade its infrastructure, and a lack of resources and expertise have led to a number of dangerous incidents in recent years. In addition to the two recent power outages at Zaporizhia, there have been other nuclear incidents in Ukraine in recent years. In 2017, a fire broke out at a nuclear waste storage facility in the city of Kyiv, causing significant damage and raising concerns about the country's ability to safely manage nuclear waste. Despite these concerns, Ukraine is heavily reliant on nuclear power to meet its energy needs. The country currently has four active nuclear power plants, including Zaporizhia, and has plans to build additional plants in the coming years. The Ukrainian government has insisted that the reactors at Zaporizhia are safe and that the recent shutdowns are a result of isolated incidents. However, environmental activists and other concerned parties have called for greater oversight and investment in Ukraine's nuclear infrastructure to ensure the safety and stability of the country's energy supply.