article: By . Ruth Styles . It's less than a week since she was seen leaving the funeral of her brother Mark Shand in tears but the Duchess of Cornwall smiled bravely today as she visited wounded servicemen at RAF Leeming. Camilla, 66, beamed as she was greeted outside the base by cheering children waving Union flags but looked more fragile than usual as she toured the North Yorkshire airfield. During her visit, which was arranged to mark the opening of a new medical centre, the Duchess met wounded personnel, among them Corporal Paul Bentley-Crane, who showed the royal how some of the state-of-the-art equipment is used. Scroll down for video . Brave face: Camilla looked tired but made time to stop and chat with children waiting outside the airfield . Another 'injured' serviceman to greet the Duchess was Leading Aircraftsman Nathan Hart, who shook hands with the 66-year-old from the comfort of one of the brand new beds. Camilla, who was wearing a pale green coat and a pair of neat tan court shoes, later shook hands with a group of excited children who had waited outside to meet her. Mr Shand, the Duchess of Cornwall's younger brother, died in a freak accident in New York last month. The 62-year-old conservationist and travel writer had been hosting a charity auction on behalf of  Elephant Family at Sotheby's but slipped and struck his head on the pavement as he tried to re-enter the Rose Bar at the Gramercy Park Hotel through a revolving door after going for a drink with a relative. Meeting: Camilla beamed as Leading Aircraftsman Hart showed her what the beds are used for . Meet and greet: Corporal Paul Bentley-Crane grins as he's introduced to the Duchess of Cornwall . All smiles: The Duchess of Cornwall beamed as she accepted a posy from the crowd of well-wishers . His funeral, which was attended by 180 mourners, including the Prince of Wales and MP Zac Goldsmith, took place at the Holy Trinity Church in Stourpaine, Dorset last Thursday. During the service, Camilla was comforted by her husband Prince Charles who wrapped a protective arm around her as they walked into church. Since his death, donations to Elephant Family, an NGO that campaigns on behalf of the endangered Asian elephant, have soared, while tributes flooded in from friends and family members. One of the most touching came from Camilla's son, Tom Parker-Bowles, who described Mr Shand, simply, as 'the greatest uncle a boy could have'. Wet: Camilla was forced to take shelter from the inclement weather under a brolly held by RAF personnel . Support: Camilla was supported by Prince Charles during the service in memory of her brother Mark Shand . Family: The Duchess of Cornwall was accompanied by her son Tom Parker-Bowles at the service last week .
highlights: The Duchess of Cornwall toured the new medical centre at RAF Leeming . She met wounded airmen during her visit to the North Yorkshire base . At Mark Shand's funeral last week, the Duchess was seen looking tearful . She was supported on the day by her husband, the Prince of Wales .
id: 51a12f2e3f9fcc20b26f170a83cb2fb77f6a6601
chatgpt: The Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla Parker Bowles, visited the new medical center at RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire on Thursday. During her visit, she met with wounded airmen and was given a tour of the facilities at the RAF base. The Duchess was reportedly moved by her interactions with the injured servicemen, many of whom shared their stories of courage and resilience in the face of injury. She spent time speaking with each of the airmen, listening intently to their experiences and thanking them for their bravery and service to their country. The visit to RAF Leeming comes just days after the Duchess was seen looking tearful at the funeral of Mark Shand, the brother of her close friend, the Duchess of Cornwall. Despite her obvious grief, the Duchess was supported by her husband, Prince Charles, who held her hand throughout the service and offered her a shoulder to lean on. The loss of Mark Shand has been a difficult one for the royal family, particularly for the Duchess of Cornwall, who had a close relationship with him. His death has been described as a "tremendous loss" by those who knew him well. During her visit to RAF Leeming, the Duchess was able to take her mind off the recent loss and focus on the positive work being done by the medical staff and airmen at the base. She expressed her admiration for the dedication and sacrifice of the injured servicemen, and praised the medical staff for their hard work and commitment to helping those in need. The new medical center at RAF Leeming is state-of-the-art, with the latest equipment and facilities to treat a wide range of injuries and illnesses. The staff at the base are trained to deal with a variety of medical emergencies, from minor injuries to life-threatening conditions. The center also includes a rehabilitation unit, where injured airmen can receive physiotherapy and other treatments to help them get back on their feet and return to active duty. At the end of her visit, the Duchess thanked the staff at RAF Leeming for their warm welcome and praised the work being done at the base to support injured servicemen. She quoted "It is inspiring to see the dedication and commitment of everyone here at RAF Leeming, particularly the medical staff and the injured airmen who continue to serve their country despite the challenges they have faced. I feel privileged to have met such brave and inspiring individuals and to have seen first-hand the incredible work being done at this base." The visit of the Duchess of Cornwall to RAF Leeming has been widely praised, with many commending her for taking the time to visit injured airmen and support the work being done at the base. It is a clear indication of the importance that the royal family places on supporting the military and its personnel, particularly those who have been injured in the line of duty.