article: JPMorgan Chase & Co. says that this summer's cyberattack affected 76 million households and seven million small businesses. Customer information including names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses could have been 'compromised', according to a document sent to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The 'previously disclosed attack', which took place in July, also impacted internal data held by the New York-based bank relating to users. Scroll down for video . Data breach: The New York-based bank have filed a report to the Securities and Exchange Commission saying 76 million customers could have been hit by the latest breach . However the firm says there is no evidence that account information, such as account numbers, passwords or Social Security numbers, was stolen, meaning customers' money is safe. The bank says it has not seen any unusual customer fraud related to the hack. They added that customers who report unauthorized transactions to them will not be liable. Earlier the firm denied a . report in the New York Times on Thursday that its computer . system had been breached for the second time in about three . months. 'The story is false. We are not aware of any new attack,' JPMorgan spokeswoman Patricia Wexler said in an email. The newspaper corrected its story to say that the earlier . version of the headline misstated the extent of the cyber . security issues at the bank. Document: The firm filed a report to the Securities and Exchange Commission today outlining the issues that had occurred . At risk: It said that the breach had 'compromised' user contact information - including name, address, phone number and email address - as well as internal JP Morgan data relating to these clients . Increased security: James Dimon, chairman and chief executive of J.P. Morgan, wrote in his annual shareholder letter this year that the bank will spend more than $250 million annually on cybersecurity . 'While the bank found evidence of previously unknown . hacking, it says the latest discovery does not constitute a . breach separate from an earlier one,' NY Times said. The New York Times DealBook column, citing people with . knowledge of the matter, had reported that the biggest U.S. bank . had found that hackers with links to Italy had gained entry to . some of its servers. James Dimon, chairman and chief executive of J.P. Morgan, wrote in his annual shareholder letter this year that the bank will spend more than $250 million annually and have about 1,000 people focused on cybersecurity by the end of 2014. The bank operates in more than 60 countries around the world, however it is unknown how many in each country have been affected. In August, Bloomberg reported that the FBI was investigating a possible attack that may have come from Russia. Sources close to the probe said it could have been a response to the government-sponsored sanctions imposed as a result of the crises in Ukraine.
highlights: Names, addresses, phone numbers and emails may have been compromised . Firm filed papers outlining issues to Securities and Exchange Commission . Said the problems were related to a 'previously-disclosed attack' Denied that account information such as passwords were stolen .
id: 00f289271a73663af6b5b6b70e4af07c270ada13
chatgpt: A major firm has announced that customer information may have been compromised in a recently disclosed attack. The company, which has not been named, filed papers with the Securities and Exchange Commission outlining the issues. According to the firm, the attack did not result in any theft of account information such as passwords. However, names, addresses, phone numbers, and emails may have been accessed. The exact number of customers affected is not yet clear, but the company has assured its customers that it is taking steps to investigate and resolve the issue. The firm has stated that the attack is related to a previously disclosed attack. Earlier this year, the firm reported that it had been targeted in a cyber-attack. At the time, the company did not disclose any details about the nature of the attack or the data that may have been stolen. Now, the company has faced criticism for the way it has handled the disclosure of the latest attack. Some experts have argued that the company should have been more transparent about the risks and potential consequences to its customers. The issue of customer data breaches has become a growing concern in recent years. Companies are increasingly storing vast amounts of customer data, which can be valuable to cybercriminals looking to steal identities or commit fraud. The financial impact of these breaches can be significant, with some studies estimating that a single data breach can cost a company millions of dollars. To combat this threat, many companies have invested in cybersecurity measures, such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and encryption. However, even the most sophisticated security systems are not foolproof, and cybercriminals are constantly inventing new ways to bypass these defenses. In this particular case, the firm has not disclosed the exact nature of the attack or the motives of the attackers. Some experts have suggested that the attack may have been motivated by espionage, with the attackers seeking to steal sensitive information about the company's operations or business strategy. Regardless of the motives, the fact that customer data has been compromised is a serious issue. Customers who may have been affected are advised to monitor their accounts for any unusual activity and to be vigilant in protecting their personal information. In conclusion, the news that a major firm has suffered a data breach is a reminder of the ongoing threat that cybercrime poses to businesses and individuals. While companies must take steps to protect themselves against these threats, there is also a responsibility to be transparent and proactive in disclosing any breaches or potential risks to their customers. As the digital landscape continues to evolve, it is clear that cybersecurity will remain a critical issue for businesses and individuals alike.