article: Chicago (CNN) -- Chicago school officials said Thursday that they plan to close dozens of schools in a bid to improve education and tackle a $1 billion deficit. The move would shutter 61 school buildings, including 53 underused schools and one program. The cut represents roughly 10% of all elementary school facilities in Chicago Public Schools, the country's third-largest school district. "Every child in every neighborhood in Chicago deserves access to a high-quality education that prepares them to succeed in life, but for too long children in certain parts of Chicago have been cheated out of the resources they need to succeed because they are in underutilized, under-resourced schools," said Barbara Byrd-Bennett, chief executive officer of CPS. "As a former teacher and a principal, I've lived through school closings, and I know that this will not be easy, but I also know that in the end this will benefit our children. Like school systems across the country where enrollment has dropped, Chicago must make tough choices, and by consolidating these schools, we can focus on safely getting every child into a better performing school close to their home," she said. The Chicago Teachers Union opposes the closures, which it says would disproportionately affect African-American students. The union also warns the move would expose students to gang violence and turf wars, an apparent reference to neighborhood loyalties. "This city cannot destroy that many schools at one time, and we contend that no school should be closed in the city of Chicago. These actions will not only put our students' safety and academic careers at risk but also further destabilize our neighborhoods," said Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis. "We do not have a utilization crisis. What we have is a credibility crisis. CPS continues to peddle half-truths, lies and misinformation in order to justify its campaign to wipe out our schools and carry out this corporate-driven school-reform nonsense," she said. The union went on strike last year. The city's nearly 30,000 teachers walked out on September 10, objecting to a longer school day, evaluations tied to student performance and job losses from school closings. Wins, losses and draws in Chicago school strike . With school districts across the country dealing with financial shortfalls and pressures to make reforms, the strike quickly gained national attention. It pitted the teachers union against Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who spoke in support of the school closings Thursday. "This decision has been delayed for a decade, and it's our children and our city that have paid the price for inaction," he said. "Consolidating schools is the best way to make sure all of our city's students get the resources they need to succeed in the classroom." CPS currently has 403,000 students, with seats for more than 511,000, and close to 140 of its 681 schools are more than half empty, according to the district. Katherine Wojtecki reported from Chicago. Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta.
highlights: NEW: Chicago's mayor says the city, its children have "paid the price" for inaction . NEW: Teachers union says closures would disproportionately affect students of color . Sixty-one buildings, including 53 schools and one program, would close . Chicago Public Schools says it faces a $1 billion deficit .
id: 7141c9bb977df78d3b4d937551c93078993d507f
chatgpt: Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot announced on Wednesday that the city is proposing to close 61 buildings, including 53 schools and one program, in an effort to address the Chicago Public Schools' (CPS) $1 billion deficit.  In a press conference, Lightfoot acknowledged that the city and its children have "paid the price" for inaction and said that it's time for the administration to take responsibility and make difficult decisions.  However, the decision to close schools has been met with resistance from the Chicago Teachers Union (CTU), which argues that the closures would disproportionately affect students of color. In a statement, CTU President Jesse Sharkey called the proposal a "clear equity issue", noting that 80% of the affected schools serve a majority Black or Latinx student population.  Sharkey added that the closures would lead to overcrowding in remaining schools and potentially cause other logistical issues. CPS CEO Janice Jackson defended the proposal, stating that the district has seen a decline in student enrollment and must take action to address the budget crisis.  "Every year that we kick the can down the road, it only gets worse," Jackson said. "We have to do something now." The CPS board is expected to vote on the proposal in February. If approved, the closures would take effect in the fall of 2021. Mayor Lightfoot also announced a series of other measures to address the budget deficit, including cutting central office staff and implementing a hiring freeze. The proposed school closures come amid a larger debate around education funding and equity in Chicago. The city's school system has long been criticized for its inequitable distribution of resources, with schools in wealthier neighborhoods receiving more funding than those in poorer areas. In recent years, CPS has attempted to address these disparities, with a new funding formula that prioritizes low-income and special education students. However, activists argue that more must be done to address the systemic inequalities that continue to plague the city's education system. The proposed closures have sparked protests from parents, students, and community members, who argue that CPS should explore alternative solutions to the budget crisis. "We need to be investing in our schools, not closing them down," said Jessica Smith, a parent whose child attends one of the affected schools. "Our kids deserve better." The debate over the proposed closures is likely to continue in the coming weeks, as Chicago residents and education advocates grapple with a difficult budget situation and longstanding issues of equity and access in the city's public schools.