article: (CNN) -- The marching orders from Congress and the White House to NASA were pretty straightforward. Go out and build a new big rocket to replace the retiring space shuttle fleet. Unlike the shuttle, the new rocket has to be powerful enough to get out of low Earth orbit and carry humans to an asteroid and eventually Mars, perhaps even the moon. There must also be a test flight by 2016. But at this point, NASA officials are warning of a potentially devastating setback to future space exploration. Its first new rocket in 40 years may not happen because the agency doesn't think the $8 billion budgeted over the next three years is enough. "We have done calculations with current models and approaches to doing this type of development and it doesn't work with funding constraints combined with schedules that were laid out in the Authorization Act," Doug Cooke, NASA's associate administrator for exploration systems, told CNN. Congress has already responded that unless NASA can prove there's not enough money, the rocket must -- by law -- be built. Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Florida, a key space agency supporter, was adamant when he spoke to CNN: "NASA must stop making excuses and follow this law. I believe the best and brightest at the space agency can build upon the $9 billion we've already invested in advanced technology to design a new heavy-lift rocket, while taking a stepping-stone, pay-as-you-go approach." "We're doing everything we can to get there," Cooke said. The $9 billion was for the now-defunct Constellation program, planned to take astronauts to the moon and on to Mars. It was cut from the federal budget last year after being called behind schedule and over budget. After the last shuttle flight later this year, NASA will be out of the space taxi business. Commercial companies are expected to take over ferrying astronauts to and from the International Space Station. NASA, no longer burdened with an aging vehicle and costly flights, has again been told to focus on building a new rocket. Citizens Against Government Waste President Tom Schatz is not confident: "NASA is unfortunately becoming a black hole for the taxpayers and something needs to be done to turn things around," he said. "The Constellation program has taught us the things that work, the things that we could have done better." The vehicle most likely to be presented to Congress would have solid rocket boosters like the shuttle, only larger; would use shuttle main engines and would also, like the shuttle, have a liquid fuel stage, Cooke told CNN. Early test flights would use a lot of existing hardware. "We have engines that will be freed up when shuttle retires. We do have solid rocket casings that are from the shuttle program that we can use," he said. NASA says it will tell Congress by the spring or early summer whether the rocket can be built with the money available and meet the 2016 deadline.
highlights: Space agency has $8 billion and 2016 deadline . New capsule intended to take people to asteroid . Congress to get report of plans by spring or summer .
id: 4c0e35f39f86a64450ee325f8c23b916f733adc9
chatgpt: The United States' space agency, NASA, has recently been given an $8 billion budget to fund a new capsule designed to take humans to an asteroid. The project, which has a deadline of 2016, has been widely touted as the next great leap in space exploration. The asteroid mission, which has been in the works for several years, aims to send humans to a nearby asteroid to collect samples and study the body in greater detail. This would mark the first time that humans have been sent beyond low Earth orbit since the Apollo missions of the 1970s. The new capsule, which has been dubbed the Orion, will be launched using a new heavy-lift rocket currently in development by NASA. The rocket, known as the Space Launch System, is set to be one of the most powerful rockets ever built and will be capable of launching payloads far beyond Earth's orbit. The Orion capsule will be capable of carrying up to six astronauts and will provide them with a comfortable living space during their journey to the asteroid. The capsule will be equipped with a sophisticated life support system, allowing astronauts to live and work in the harsh conditions of space for extended periods of time. The asteroid mission is expected to provide valuable data and insights into the formation of our solar system, as well as providing a blueprint for future manned missions to Mars and beyond. In addition, the mission is widely regarded as a crucial step in the development of new technologies and capabilities that will be necessary for future space missions. It remains to be seen whether the asteroid mission will be completed on schedule, as there are a number of significant technical and logistical challenges that must be overcome before humans can be sent to an asteroid. However, NASA is confident that the project is viable and continues to invest heavily in its development. As part of the congressional funding process, NASA is required to provide regular updates on the progress of the asteroid mission. Officials have stated that they plan to deliver a report outlining detailed plans for the mission to Congress by the spring or summer of this year. The report is expected to provide information on the technical requirements of the mission, as well as its expected costs and benefits. It will also outline the timeline for the development of key technologies and capabilities, and provide an overview of the training and preparation that will be required for the astronauts taking part in the mission. Overall, the asteroid mission represents an exciting and ambitious project that has the potential to revolutionize our understanding of the universe and our place within it. With funding secured and the development process well underway, NASA is hopeful that it can meet its 2016 deadline and send humans to an asteroid for the first time in history.