article: A teen who performed at events around President Barack Obama's inauguration was shot to death in Chicago this week, and now her story has become part of the debate in Washington over gun violence nationwide. The shooting death of 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton came up in a U.S. Senate hearing and a White House press briefing Wednesday. "She was an honor student and a majorette," said Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois. Performing at inaugural events last week "was the highlight of her young, 15-year-old life," he said. Speaking at Wednesday's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence, Durbin mentioned Pendleton's death as he argued that more must be done to stop gun crimes. Giffords: 'Too many children dying' "Yesterday, in a rainstorm after school, she raced to a shelter. A gunman came in and shot her dead," he said. "Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life, she's gone." The park shelter where she was shot is just a mile from Obama's home in Chicago. White House spokesman Jay Carney described her death as a "terrible tragedy." "The president has more than once, when he talks about gun violence in America, referred not just to the horror of Newtown or Aurora or Virginia Tech or Oak Creek but to shootings on the corner in Chicago or other parts of the country," Carney told reporters. "And this is just another example of the problem we need to deal with." Watch: Chicago's 500 homicides in 2012 . 2013 has gotten off to a deadly start in Chicago -- Pendleton was the year's 42nd murder victim. No arrests have been made in the case, police said Wednesday. In 2012, 506 people were slain in the city. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel described Pendleton Wednesday as "what's best in our city, a child going to school who takes a final exam, who had just been to the inaugural." "We have a responsibility to see a stop to this," he said. "And all of us are responsible." Pendleton was shot just blocks away from her high school on the south side of Chicago, CNN affiliate WGN reported. LaPierre, the NRA's heavyweight . Police told CNN affiliates that the teenager had no gang affiliation and likely was not the intended target. "There has to be an end to it. It's just too much. The children cannot go to school. They're in fear," Bonita O'Bannion, who lives in the area where the shooting occurred, told CNN affiliate WBBM. Carney said the president and first lady's thoughts and prayers are with Pendleton's family. "And as the president said, we will never be able to eradicate every act of evil in this country," Carney said, "but if we can save even one child's life, we have an obligation to try when it comes to the scourge of gun violence." How the violent mentally ill can buy guns .
highlights: Chicago mayor: "We have a responsibility to see a stop to this" Hadiya Pendleton, 15, was shot dead in Chicago on Tuesday . Last week she performed in events surrounding President Obama's inauguration . "Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life, she's gone," Sen. Dick Durbin says .
id: a8b137f3f38e69e465394a85a22d6424c0bd532d
chatgpt: Chicago’s mayor addressed the city on Wednesday to express her sorrow and anger over the shooting death of Hadiya Pendleton, a 15-year-old who had just performed at events surrounding President Obama’s Inauguration. “Hadiya was the victim of mistaken identity,” Mayor Rahm Emanuel told a packed room of reporters. “She was standing, hanging out with her friends, trying to enjoy the moment when shots rang out. We have a responsibility to see a stop to this.” Pendleton and a group of her friends were taking shelter from the rain in a park on the South Side of Chicago on Tuesday afternoon, when a man opened fire. The group fled, but Pendleton was struck and killed. Police say she was not the intended target. Pendleton, an honor student at King College Prep High School, had just performed with her school’s marching band at events surrounding the president’s second inauguration, which took place in Washington, D.C. last week. “To have her shot and killed on the streets of Chicago just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life is absolutely tragic,” Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., told NBC Chicago. Emanuel said the shooting was unacceptable and urged anyone with information to come forward. “We will not let this happen. We will not allow this to become an accepted part of life in Chicago,” Emanuel said. “We will find the killer, the people involved in this, and we will bring you to justice.” The mayor also called on President Obama and Congress to take action on gun control. “Part of our responsibility as a city is to keep our streets safe from guns. That we have failed to do,” Emanuel said. “I’m not going to let Hadiya’s death be taken in vain. It’s time to take action on gun control.” The White House also released a statement on Wednesday, saying President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama’s thoughts and prayers were with the Pendleton family. “Hadiya’s family is in our thoughts and prayers,” the statement read. “We wish them peace in this time of grief.” The first lady also tweeted about the shooting on Wednesday, using a personal Twitter account she runs that is separate from her official White House account. “Hadiya Pendleton was me and I was her,” Mrs. Obama wrote. “But I got to grow up and go to Princeton and Harvard Law School. She’d make it to Paris or even further. We need to protect our kids from this senseless violence.” Pendleton’s death comes as the city is grappling with a surge in violent crime. Last month, Chicago saw 42 murders, a 49 percent increase from January 2012. The mayor acknowledged the difficult task of reducing crime in the city but said it was not impossible. “We can do this,” Emanuel said. “We can make our streets safer. We can give our kids a better future. We’ve done it before and we’ll do it again. But we need everyone’s help. We need everyone to get involved and work together.”