article: Washington (CNN) -- Unlike most issues these days that divide along party lines, the immediate fate of President Obama's new gun proposals will depend not as much on Republicans as his fellow Democrats in the Senate. Senate Democratic leadership sources tell CNN that passing any new legislation will be extremely difficult because more than a dozen vulnerable Democrats from conservative states will probably resist much of what the president is pushing. These Democratic sources say the most likely legislation to pass will be strengthening background checks, since it is the least overt form of gun control and it also appeals to gun rights advocates' emphasis on keeping guns away from people with mental health and criminal problems. Obama announces 23 executive actions, asks Congress to pass gun laws . Although Senate Democrats like Dianne Feinstein will still make a high-profile push to renew the assault weapons ban and limit ammunition magazines to 10 rounds, senior Democratic sources say it is hard to see those measures getting enough support to pass the Democratic-led Senate. The focus is on the Senate because Senate Democratic leaders know that House Republicans will not act on anything until the Senate does. Democratic leadership sources say they intend to spend next week -- the first week the Senate is in session -- canvassing red-state Democrats to see what, if anything, is doable. Democratic senators who advocate various gun control measures will be lobbying their colleagues as well. See details of president's proposals . At a certain point, Democratic leaders will decide the best course of action, if any. Democratic leadership sources emphasize what Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said in a PBS interview in recent days: They will not vote on any legislation unless they have 60 votes, enough to break a filibuster. Democratic leadership sources say they have no intention of putting their members in a politically vulnerable position on a gun measure unless they are sure it can reach the president's desk. In the short term, that would mean not only getting red-state Democrats on board, but at least a handful of Senate Republicans as well. There is some hope that Democrats may be able to persuade GOP Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois, a moderate, to help shape bipartisan legislation that can pass.
highlights: Vulnerable Democrats from conservative states might resist much of what president wants . Democratic sources: Tougher background checks most likely to pass, still face uphill climbÂ . Senate Democratic leaders say House Republicans will not act on anything until Senate does . Senate Democrats aim to recruit red-state Democrats and a handful of Senate Republicans .
id: 9d1d136e28fba44fde41245535fa77b39a55387c
chatgpt: Vulnerable Democratic lawmakers from conservative states are reportedly preparing to resist much of what President Joe Biden wants to achieve during his early months in office. However, Democratic sources have stated that tougher background checks are most likely to pass. Nonetheless, the measure still faces an uphill climb. Senate Democratic leaders have stated that House Republicans will not act on anything until the Senate takes action. Therefore, Democrats in the Senate are aiming to recruit red-state Democrats and a handful of Senate Republicans. It is no secret that some Democratic lawmakers from conservative states may not necessarily align with the overall Democratic agenda, and President Biden may face significant pushback from these individuals on certain issues. However, Democratic sources believe that background checks are a critical issue that most Democratic lawmakers can all get behind. Senate Democratic leaders are currently devising a strategy to persuade their Republican counterparts to support a proposal that would expand background checks for firearm purchases. The proposal would include requiring background checks on all sales, including gun show transactions and online purchases. The push for expanded background checks comes in the wake of several mass shootings across the country, prompting many lawmakers to call for stricter measures to prevent further tragedies from occurring. While Senate Democrats have been pursuing the background check issue aggressively, they acknowledge that it will be difficult to sway Republican lawmakers to their side. Nonetheless, Democrats are hoping that a handful of Republicans, particularly those from states with high gun violence rates, will join them in supporting the proposal. In the meantime, Democratic lawmakers from conservative states are bracing themselves for a long and difficult fight in the Senate. Some of these lawmakers have already pledged to resist much of President Biden's agenda, including critical issues such as climate change, immigration, and healthcare. Nevertheless, Democrats remain optimistic that they can win over at least some of their Republican colleagues on the background check issue. Overall, the political climate in Washington remains tense, with both parties gearing up for intense battles in the coming months. While Democrats hold a slim majority in both the House and the Senate, their ability to pass legislation will depend on their ability to win over Republican support. The push for expanded background checks is just one of many issues that will be hotly contested in the coming months, and only time will tell which side will prevail.