article: (CNN) -- A Massachusetts woman was found guilty Wednesday in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend, whom she bludgeoned and strangled before cutting the baby from the victim's womb. Julie Corey, who was 35 at the time of the crime, was convicted in Worcester Superior Court in the 2009 slaying of Darlene Haynes, 23, in Worcester. Corey is to to be sentenced on Tuesday and faces a maximum sentence of life without parole, prosecutors said. As the verdict was read, Corey cried and placed her hands over her face. Haynes' body was found in her apartment on July 27, 2009. She was eight months pregnant at the time of her death. Days after the murder, Haynes' baby was found with Corey in New Hampshire. DNA evidence and a fingerprint on a bottle at the crime scene tied Corey to the killing, the district attorney's office said. According to trial testimony, Corey tried to pass the baby off as her own to family and friends, the statement said. The child now lives with her father, the statement said. "It's probably the most horrific case this office has seen," Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. said. "This woman was killed for her baby." Corey's lawyers argued that police failed to follow up on leads, including Haynes' ex-boyfriend. They suggested that the ex-boyfriend had given the baby to Corey and her former boyfriend, Alex Dion, according to CNN affiliate WCVB. Dion denied this in court testimony. Calls to Corey's attorney were not returned. At the time, Worcester police said Haynes told people she gave birth at an undisclosed Massachusetts hospital. "When the woman (Corey) appeared with the newborn baby girl in Worcester ... the suspicions of a number of this woman's acquaintances were piqued," police said. "In the aftermath of the discovery of Ms. Haynes' body and the information that her fetus was missing was reported in the media, several of these acquaintances advised detectives of their suspicions."
highlights: Body of Darlene Haynes, 23, was found in her home in Worcester, Massachusetts . Prosecutors: Julie Corey strangled her before cutting baby from her womb . As the verdict was read, Corey cried and placed her hands over her face .
id: 54595e91f4294b46d7701cafcdfbfbe801306b22
chatgpt: Julie Corey, a 39-year-old woman from Worcester, Massachusetts, was found guilty of murder on Tuesday after a jury found that she strangled 23-year-old Darlene Haynes before cutting her baby from her womb. Haynes was found dead in her apartment in 2009, and her unborn child was missing. Corey was later arrested and charged with the murder of Darlene Haynes and kidnapping her baby. As the verdict was read in court today, Corey broke down in tears and placed her hands over her face. Her family members also cried as the guilty verdict was announced. Prosecutors in the case argued that Corey had faked a pregnancy and killed Haynes to keep the child. They said that Corey had gone to great lengths to convince others that she was pregnant, including holding a baby shower and picking out a name for the child. During the trial, Corey’s defense attorney argued that there was not enough evidence to prove that Corey had killed Haynes and that someone else could have been responsible for the murder. However, the jury ultimately sided with the prosecution and found Corey guilty of first-degree murder. The case captivated the small city of Worcester and made national headlines when it first came to light. The shocking nature of the crime — a young woman murdered and her baby stolen from her womb — was unlike anything many people had ever heard of before. As the trial came to a close, some in the community expressed relief that justice had been served for Darlene Haynes and her child. Others, however, were left wondering how something like this could have happened in their city. Julie Corey will be sentenced in the coming weeks, and prosecutors have said that they will seek the maximum penalty of life in prison without the possibility of parole. As for the family of Darlene Haynes, they will continue to mourn the loss of their loved one and the child that was taken from them too soon.