article: A British woman locked in a notorious Iranian jail for trying to watch a men's volleyball match has been charged with 'propaganda against the regime' - three months after being taken prisoner . Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, was arrested and taken to Tehran's notorious Evin jail a few days after attempting to watch a volleyball match between Iran and Italy on June 20. She was part of a group of women protesting Iranian stricture which bans females from attending men's sporting events. Scroll down for video . Charged: Three months after being jailed in Iran for attending a men's volleyball match, Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, has been charged with 'propaganda against the regime' Detained: Ms Ghavami was arrested after trying to watch a men's volleyball match at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran (pictured) According to her family, Miss Ghavami has spent 41 days in solitary confinement and been subjected to threats of being moved to a more dangerous prison. An Amnesty International spokesman said: 'She is a prisoner of conscience, arrested solely for taking part in a peaceful protest against the ban on women attending Volleyball World League matches in Tehran’s Azadi Stadium.' At first Ms Ghavami, who previously studied law in London, was arrested then released, but when she went back to fetch her belongings, she was re-arrested and jailed. Several others involved in the demonstration were also detained. Miss Ghavami is of joint British-Iranian heritage, but Iran refuses to acknowledge jointnationality and the fact that she has a British passport is seen as irrelevant. Her brother, 28-year-old Iman Ghavami, previously told ITV News: '[The family] can barely hold themselves together. 'They are torn apart – not just my parents but my grandparents, my uncles, everybody.' Iran's head of police, Esmail Ahmadi Moghadam, told the Fars news agency: 'In the current conditions, the mixing of men and women in stadiums is not in the public interest. Protest: Social media campaigns have sprung up in a bid to pressurise Iran into releasing Ms Ghavami . Notorious: Ms Ghavami has spent 41 days in solitary confinement in Tehran's Evin prison (pictured) 'The stance taken by religious scholars and the supreme leader remains unchanged, and as the enforcer of law, we cannot allow women to enter stadiums.' Social media campaigns have sprung up in a bid to pressurise Iran into releasing Ms Ghavami. There's a Facebook group dedicated to helping her and the hashtag #FreeGhonchehGhavami is being appended to Twitter posts about her plight. The Foreign Office said it was aware of the situation, but has little sway over Iran as it does not have official diplomatic ties with it, so it's unlikely to be able to help Ms Ghavami. Iran's rigid enforcement of Islamic code is down to the influence of its top authority, the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
highlights: Ghoncheh Ghavami, 25, was arrested after attending men's volleyball game . Taken to Evin jail where family say she was put in solitary confinement . She has now  been officially charged with 'propaganda against the regime' Studied law at University of London’s School of Oriental and African Studies .
id: fd8aaf16e975e560f2667056d822d453decbc9e8
chatgpt: Ghoncheh Ghavami, a 25-year-old woman who studied law at the University of London’s School of Oriental and African Studies, is facing trial on "propaganda against the regime" charges after attending a men's volleyball game. Ghavami was detained and taken to the notorious Evin jail where her family says she was put in solitary confinement. Ghavami, who has dual British-Iranian citizenship, was arrested in June 2014 alongside a number of other women who were protesting over the ban on women attending men's volleyball games in Iran. The Federation of International Volleyball (FIVB) had said that it had been assured by the Iranian authorities that women would be allowed to attend volleyball matches, but the ban was re-imposed just days later. Ghavami's family has expressed concern over her treatment in jail. They say that she has been subjected to physical and psychological abuse and that the authorities have refused to provide any information about her condition. The family has started an online petition calling for Ghavami's release, which has garnered more than 700,000 signatures. In addition, the case has attracted widespread international attention, with human rights groups, politicians and celebrities calling for her release. The UK government has also expressed its concern over Ghavami's case. "[We] have repeatedly raised Ms Ghavami’s case with the Iranian authorities, including at the highest levels, and the UK Government remains deeply concerned about her welfare," said a spokesperson for the Foreign Office. Human rights groups say that Ghavami's case is just one example of the Iranian government's crackdown on dissent. In recent years, the authorities have arrested and imprisoned artists, journalists, activists and others who have expressed criticism of the regime. The situation in Iran has become even more tense in recent years, as the country has become more isolated from the international community. The US, UK and other countries have imposed economic sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program, which many believe is designed to produce nuclear weapons.  The case of Ghoncheh Ghavami is just one example of the human rights abuses that have been taking place in Iran. The British government, human rights groups and the international community as a whole must continue to pressure the Iranian government to release Ghavami and to respect the rights of its citizens.