article: We all have tricks to help us out of a ticket, but most of us would simply bat our eyelashes or make up a far-fetched excuse. But one man showed that knowing how to solve a Rubik's Cube might just come in handy one day. Steven Brundage was pulled over by police after he was caught driving over the limit as he left a party in New York City in the early hours of Saturday morning. But he managed to dodge a ticket after dazzling the cops with magic. Magician Steven Brundage was pulled over by cops when he was caught over the speed limit in New York . He says he was doing 42 miles per hour in a 30 zone. A ticket seemed certain, but in the clip he posted on YouTube the following day, he shows how he escaped. After the cop spotted the cards in his car, Mr Brundage revealed he was a magician. The officer asked him to perform a trick and if he was suitably impressed, he would be free to go. After the magician says he would complete a Rubik's Cube in a set time, the cop jokingly says: 'I can't say like one second, that's not going to happen.' They agree he has 15 seconds to complete the cube but Mr Brundage takes an extra five seconds to complete the task as the officers count out loud. But the magician escaped with no ticket after dazzling officers with his Rubik's Cube trick on Saturday . In his first trick, he completes the Rubik's Cube in just 20 seconds and an officer shakes his hand . The officer's are suitably impressed - but then Mr Brundage says he can complete the cube in just one second as the officer originally suggested. Amazingly, he mixes up all the sides and throws the cube into the air, It then lands with every side complete. After mixing the sides up again, he throws it behind his back and again, catches it with every side complete. Accompanying his clip, Mr Brundage, from Schenectady in New York, wrote: 'December 5th around 3am I was pulled over doing 42 in a 30 MPH. 'I told the cop I was coming from a holiday party in NYC. 'He asked why I had all the cards in my car and I told him I was a magician. He then asked me to show him a magic trick. 'I'm glad to say I left without a ticket.' But Mr Brundage then follows it up with an even more impressive feat where he throws the cube in the air and it lands in his hands a second later with every side complete .
highlights: Steven Brundage was pulled over after he was caught driving over the limit . He says he was going over 42 in a 30mph zone in New York on Saturday . The cop saw cards in his car and asked him to perform a trick . His Rubik's Cube trick was so impressive, he then left without a ticket .
id: 79271be3c7de238ae2174fb51996f0c4400a2030
chatgpt: Magician Steven Brundage escaped a ticket for speeding after impressing a New York police officer with his Rubik's Cube skills. Brundage was driving over the 30mph limit when he was pulled over by a patrolman last Saturday. The officer, from the Saratoga Springs Police Department, noticed that Brundage had playing cards in his car and asked him if he was a magician. Brundage confirmed that he was a performer and was then asked by the officer to show him a trick. Without hesitation, Brundage pulled out a scrambled Rubik's Cube and within just a few seconds, he had solved it right in front of the officer's eyes. The officer was left stunned by the feat and rather than issuing Brundage with a ticket, he allowed him to go on his way with a warning. "It's the craziest thing. I had a bunch of stuff in my car; I had cards and a bunch of Rubik's Cubes. He asked me if I was a magician and then asked me to show him a magic trick," Brundage explained in a video posted on his Facebook page. "I showed him the Rubik's Cube and he was so amazed, he let me go. I couldn't believe it. It was the best magic trick I ever did," he added. Brundage, who is a professional magician and Rubik's Cube expert, thanked the officer and said that he would like to perform a show for the Saratoga Springs Police Department in the future. News of his brush with the law quickly went viral, with many social media users commending the creative way in which Brundage had avoided a fine. "I think this is great. A magician using his skills to amaze the police and get out of trouble. This is a real-life magic moment," one Twitter user wrote. Another added: "I wish we all had a trick like this up our sleeves. I'd love to see more people use their talents to make the world a better place." In a subsequent post on his Facebook page, Brundage urged other drivers to be responsible and not to speed. "I got lucky that I had a trick up my sleeve that could get me out of trouble, but most people aren't that fortunate," he wrote. "I hope that people who hear about what happened to me will think twice before they speed. It's not worth the risk and there are plenty of other ways to have fun," he added. Despite the levity of the situation, Brundage's impressive Rubik's Cube trick has certainly earned him some new fans and helped to further establish his reputation as one of the world's top magicians.