article: ESPN host Hannah Storm was not quite ready for her close-up on SportsCenter on Sunday - and was caught wrestling her makeup artist out of the camera shot after realizing they were on TV. As a segment about Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers played during the show on Sunday morning, Storm used the brief break to get her makeup touched up. But when cameras returned to Storm, she was in the middle of having her lipstick reapplied - and saw no option but to strong-arm the woman off the screen. Caught on camera: A makeup artist was still in the shot touching up anchor Hannah Storm's lipstick when cameras panned back to the ESPN host during Sunday morning's SportsCenter . Heismanned: Storm promptly battled the makeup artist off screen after realizing they were live on air . Strong armed: She silently pushed the unidentified woman out of the live shot . The veteran anchor, 52, was clearly shocked at being caught and stared at the camera wide-eyed before she broke into a smile and continued her broadcast. But the slip-up didn't go unnoticed, with viewers rushing to social media to point out the error. Storm herself also took to social media to explain the mishap. 'The makeup artist (a good friend of mine) would have gotten in major trouble had she been seen on air. Hence, the stiff arm to protect her,' she claimed on Sunday morning. Storm was reporting from Texas, where the National Championship game will be played tonight. Oops: Storm looked shocked as she realized what had happened - before smoothly getting back to work . Explanation: After the mishap, she took to Twitter to explain that she had been protecting her friend . It comes a week after the anchor was praised for her professionalism as she announced the death of fellow anchor Stuart Scott, who passed away on January 4. He had been diagnosed with cancer in 2007. 'Today we choose not to say that Stuart lost to cancer at the age of 49,' she told viewers as she struggled to control her emotions. 'Instead, we’ll simply say we all lost Stuart.' Storm and Scott had worked together on SportsCenter for more than 10 years. Camera ready: Storm joined ESPN in 2008 after working for CNN, NBC and CBS. She was praised last week for her professionalism in announcing the death of fellow anchor Stuart Scott, who died of cancer .
highlights: Storm was stunned when the cameras panned to her during SportsCenter's Sunday morning show and quickly pushed her makeup artist off screen . She later explained on Twitter that the woman was her friend and would've got in trouble for being on screen so she acted quickly to protect her .
id: 0eb1709fb045a1f5aa68b24ae6506b59a9b13796
chatgpt: SportsCenter's Sunday morning show took an unexpected turn when tennis superstar Serena Williams' makeup artist, Storm, was caught off guard by the cameras. In a quick moment of panic, Storm pushed her friend off-screen to protect her from getting in trouble for being caught on camera. The incident took place during the live broadcast of SportsCenter on Sunday morning. During one of the segments, the cameras panned to Storm, who was busy applying makeup on Williams. In an effort to avoid her friend getting in trouble, the makeup artist quickly nudged her off-screen. Following the incident, Storm took to Twitter to explain her behavior. In a tweet, she wrote that the woman on-screen was her friend and that she would have gotten into trouble for being caught on camera. "I was just trying to protect my friend," Storm said in the tweet. "She would have gotten in trouble if she was on camera, so I pushed her out of the way to keep her safe." Many people on social media praised Storm for her quick thinking and loyalty to her friend. Several Twitter users commented that Storm's quick action showed her commitment to protecting those in her inner circle. This is not the first time that Storm has been in the spotlight. She is a well-known makeup artist who has worked with several high-profile celebrities, including Williams. In addition to her work as a makeup artist, Storm is also a social media influencer with a large following on Instagram. Despite the unexpected interruption, the rest of the show continued without incident. SportsCenter is a popular sports news program that airs on ESPN, and is known for its in-depth analysis of the latest sports news and highlights. In recent years, social media has played an increasingly important role in the world of sports. Many athletes and sports personalities use platforms like Twitter and Instagram to connect with fans and share their thoughts and opinions on various topics. Williams herself is known for her active presence on social media, where she often shares updates on her personal life and career. The incident with Storm and her friend is just the latest example of social media's impact on the world of sports. As athletes and personalities continue to use these platforms to connect with fans, it is likely that more unexpected moments like this will occur in the future. However, with quick-thinking individuals like Storm on their side, they can rest easy knowing that they are in good hands.