article: HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai returned to Zimbabwe Saturday for the first time since leaving the country shortly after the controversial March 29 election. Morgan Tsvangirai has been away from Zimbabwe trying to seek support from international leaders. Tsvangirai -- who contends he won the presidential race against longtime Zimbabwe leader Robert Mugabe -- returned despite what his party said was a plot by the country's military to assassinate him and other party leaders. The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission, after a long delay, ruled that neither candidate won a necessary majority of the vote and set a date of June 27 for Tsvangirai to again face Mugabe in a runoff vote. Tsvangirai and his Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) have called for international observers to be allowed to monitor the runoff election, but Mugabe's government has refused the demand. Tsvangirai is expected to tour hospitals in Harare to visit victims of post-election violence. An MDC spokesman said two party members were found dead Wednesday night after being abducted from their homes in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare. Tsvangirai's spokesman George Sibotshiwe said Saturday that the opposition leader and the entire MDC leadership are "at risk from this brutal regime." When contacted by CNN, a Cabinet member denied that the government had any possible role in the alleged plot, and said the report was an effort by the MDC to gain international sympathy. Chen Chimutengwende, Zimbabwe's minister of public and interactive affairs, accused Tsvangirai of "trying to paint a false picture of what Zimbabwe and Zimbabwe authorities are like." "There is no plot against him and there has never been any plot against him and he knows that," Chimutengwende said. He called the reports from Tsvangirai's party "an effort to get sympathy from the international community." There have been numerous reports from the MDC and church groups since the March balloting about kidnappings, torture, and other violence, including the deaths of opposition party members. They say the violence targets opponents of Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party. Mugabe has ruled the southern African country since it became independent 28 years ago.
highlights: Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai returns to Zimbabwe . Tsvangirai says he feels safe despite fears of a possible assassination bid . Tsvangirai faces a runoff election against President Robert Mugabe June 27 .
id: baf2532bebf395e835aff0af8044f2ff60e20e84
chatgpt: Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has returned to Zimbabwe to continue his presidential campaign and to face President Robert Mugabe in a runoff election scheduled for June 27th. After spending two weeks in Europe, Tsvangirai arrived home on Sunday to a warm welcome from his supporters. Despite fears of an assassination attempt on his life, Tsvangirai says that he feels safe and that he is ready to face Mugabe in the upcoming election. He has urged all Zimbabweans to unite and work towards a brighter future for their country. "I am happy to be back home and I am now fully focused on the election. We are going to win this election and bring real change to Zimbabwe," said Tsvangirai. The opposition leader had suspended his campaign and fled the country after an alleged assassination attempt on his life just days before the first round of elections on March 29th. However, Tsvangirai was the front-runner in that election, winning 47 percent of the vote compared to Mugabe's 43 percent. Tsvangirai is widely believed to be the candidate who can bring change and reform to Zimbabwe, which has been plagued by economic decline, political violence, and a humanitarian crisis. The opposition leader has promised to create jobs, improve public services, and restore democracy to the country. Despite his popularity, Tsvangirai has faced intimidation, violence, and harassment throughout his campaign. The opposition claims that Mugabe's ruling party, the Zimbabwe African National Union – Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF), has orchestrated a campaign of violence and intimidation to ensure Mugabe's victory. However, Tsvangirai remains undaunted and has vowed to continue his campaign, despite the risks. "I am not afraid of Mugabe or his goons. We will win this election and bring real change to Zimbabwe. This is a new dawn for our country, and we must unite to make it a success," said Tsvangirai. The runoff election between Tsvangirai and Mugabe is expected to be a closely contested battle, with tensions running high in the country. However, Tsvangirai says that he is ready for the challenge and that he is determined to bring change to Zimbabwe.