article: (CNN) -- The suspected mastermind of the deadly 2012 attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya, is expected to be brought to American soil as soon as this weekend, a senior law enforcement source told CNN on Thursday. Ahmed Abu Khatallah was lured earlier this month to a location south of the city in eastern Libya and grabbed without a fight by U.S. commandos and FBI agents, multiple officials said. He's spent most of the past two weeks aboard the USS New York being interrogated by the FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group, known as HIG, that includes agents from the FBI, CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency. As that vessel -- an amphibious transport dock ship -- nears the coast, it is expected that Abu Khatallah will be flown off of it on a V-22 Osprey aircraft to an undisclosed location, where he will be held as he awaits prosecution in a federal court in Washington. The Justice Department is expected to announce a formal indictment of Abu Khatallah soon after he arrives in the United States. Already, a federal judge has unsealed charges accusing Abu Khatallah of killing a person in the course of an attack on a federal facility with a firearm and dangerous weapons, as well as attempting and conspiring to provide material support to terrorists resulting in death. Abu Khatallah is accused in connection with the September 11, 2012, attack that left U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other U.S. citizens dead. President Barack Obama has described Abu Khatallah as "one of the masterminds of the attack." "It's a message to the world, that when Americans are attacked, no matter how long it takes, we will find those responsible and we will bring them to justice. Regardless how long it takes, we will find you," the President said earlier this month. Republicans, though, have hammered Obama and members of his administration on Benghazi -- claiming they didn't do enough to protect the diplomatic mission and have since covered up what happened. Some GOP lawmakers criticized the Justice Department for failing to bring Abu Khatallah to justice even as he taunted U.S. authorities in a meeting with CNN's Arwa Damon at a well-known luxury hotel in Benghazi in May 2013. Chief among those targeted by Republicans is Hillary Clinton, secretary of state at the time of the attack and now the overwhelming favorite for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, if she opts to run. She and administration officials have repeatedly denied the GOP allegations about Benghazi. After news broke of Abu Khatallah's capture, Clinton said she was "very pleased" and hopefully it will shed more light on what happened. "I'm still looking for answers," she added. "We're doing our best we can to find out what happened." CNN's Barbara Starr and Michael Martinez contributed to this report.
highlights: 4 Americans, including its ambassador to Libya, died in a 2012 attack on a mission . Obama has said that Ahmed Abu Khatallah was "one of the masterminds" of the attack . Abu Khatallah was nabbed by U.S. commandos, FBI agents this month in Libya . He's expected to be prosecuted in a federal court in Washington .
id: f02277263a49291e03f93342d95ec07c2c830b3d
chatgpt: Ahmed Abu Khatallah, who was described by former President Barack Obama as "one of the masterminds" of the 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya, has been apprehended by U.S. special forces and FBI agents. Khatallah was captured on 15 June and has since been transported to Washington DC, where he is expected to stand trial for his alleged involvement in the attacks that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya. The Benghazi attack, which took place on 11 September 2012, remains a deeply controversial issue in U.S. politics. At the time, the U.S. mission in Benghazi was hit with a barrage of rockets and gunfire, with attackers overrunning the compound and setting fire to the building. Four Americans, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens, were killed in the attack. In the aftermath of the attack, there was intense speculation as to who was responsible. Some conservatives accused then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration of conspiring to cover up the true nature of the incident. Obama, for his part, blamed the attack on extremist groups in the region, specifically naming Abu Khatallah as one of the ringleaders. Since the attack, the U.S. government has been working to bring the perpetrators to justice. However, until now, Abu Khatallah had remained at large, reportedly moving back and forth across the Libyan border with relative ease. The capture of Abu Khatallah marks a significant victory for U.S. authorities, who have been pursuing him for years. According to a statement from the Department of Justice, he was "apprehended on his own" and is now in U.S. custody. U.S. officials have been tight-lipped about the specifics of Abu Khatallah's capture, citing national security concerns. However, several reports suggest that he was taken into custody by a combination of U.S. special forces and Libyan officials loyal to the UN-backed government in Tripoli. Abu Khatallah was flown out of Libya immediately following his capture, and has since been transferred to the U.S. He is expected to face charges in a federal court in Washington DC, where he could potentially face the death penalty. Reaction to Abu Khatallah's capture has been mixed. Some Republicans have hailed it as a major victory for the Trump administration, arguing that it shows the President's commitment to pursuing justice for the victims of the Benghazi attack. However, many Democrats have pointed out that Abu Khatallah's capture – while certainly a positive development – does not necessarily absolve the Obama administration of any alleged wrongdoing. Some have also raised concerns about the legality of Abu Khatallah's extradition to the U.S., given that he was captured on foreign soil. Despite these lingering questions, the apprehension of Ahmed Abu Khatallah marks an important step forward in the ongoing investigation into the Benghazi attack. With the alleged mastermind now in custody, U.S. authorities will be hoping to finally bring closure to one of the most troubling events in recent U.S. history.