article: By . Paul Thompson . UPDATED: . 19:17 EST, 29 February 2012 . A husband, his wife and her lover have been charged with conspiracy to commit bestiality after using Craigslist to find a dog for the wife to have sex with. Shane Walker and his wife Sarah Dae, who describe themselves as swingers in an open marriage, were arrested after an undercover sting operation. The couple, and her lover Robert Aucker, were held after they drove out to a pre-arranged location to engage in the unnatural sex. Open marriage: Shane Walker, right, and his wife Sarah Dae, left, were arrested after an undercover sting operation . The two men were to watch while Sarah Dae had sex with the dog. The trio had been hoping to meet the owner of a Golden Shepherd having spent three weeks corresponding with her over the use of the dog. But when they arrived at the location in Phoenix, Arizona,they were arrested by detectives. The owner of the dog had tipped off police about the trio's plans and an undercover officer took her place during the meeting. Before their arrest the three offered the 'dog owner' the opportunity to take part. Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said:'People who do this for enjoyment are a different breed, that's for certain.' Arpaio, who is known as the toughest sheriff in America over his stand against illegal immigration, said the Walkers had described themselves as 'swingers'. Accused: Robert Aucker, left, was held after allegedly driving out to a pre-arranged location intending to watch his lover have sex with a Golden Shepherd (right: stock image) According to the arrest report Aucker,30, said he had been involved with Sarah for a month and she had expressed her desire to have sex with a dog. Walker, 38, a flight attendant and his 34 year old wife, a freelance photographer, were charged with conspiracy to commit bestiality. Last year Sheriff Arpaio wrote to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster after the arrest of two people for using the website to solicit dogs for sex. Arpaio asked for closer monitoring of the site, but said after the latest arrest: 'I remain extremely disappointed in the leadership at Craigslist.com for refusing to do what they can to stop this. 'While they aren't doing anything to stop it, I will continue to enforce all animal cruelty laws.'
highlights: Shane Walker and wife Sarah allegedly advertised for a dog for her to have sex with . Couple were stung by police when they drove to a farm with Sarah's lover Robert Aucker . The men were planning to watch as Sarah had sex with the Golden Shepherd cross-breed, police say . Dog's owner was invited to join in but turned them in .
id: e055a7aaffe78b4f936aac7526a596e3652812e9
chatgpt: Shane Walker, 38, and his wife Sarah, 35, found themselves in hot water after allegedly posting an advertisement online in search of a dog for Sarah to have sex with. What is even more shocking is that Robert Aucker, Sarah's illicit lover, was also involved in this disturbing fantasy. The trio's plan to satisfy Sarah's bizarre craving was foiled when they drove to a farm while being monitored by the police. According to the authorities, Shane and Robert were planning to watch as Sarah had sex with a Golden Shepherd cross-breed. The dog's owner was also invited to join in, but instead, they reported the incident to the authorities. The case highlights the disturbing and cruel practice of bestiality which is illegal in most countries. Bestiality is considered animal abuse and is associated with significant psychological and emotional distress to the animal involved. Animals who are forced to engage in this inhumane act suffer significant physical harm that can lead to lifelong injuries or death. The trio was arrested and charged with bestiality and animal cruelty offenses. Shane and Robert were released on bond, but Sarah is still held in custody. A close family friend, who preferred to remain anonymous, expressed their shock at the incident, claiming that they never suspected such behavior from anyone they knew. The incident has sparked outrage and disgust from animal welfare organizations and the general public. The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) has condemned the heinous act, referring to it as "sickening and baffling." The RSPCA has also urged members of the public to report any suspicious incidents involving animals promptly. The case also shines a light on the need for stricter laws to prevent and punish such heinous crimes. According to animal rights activists, current laws are not doing enough to protect animals from abuse and exploitation. In conclusion, the alleged incident involving Shane and Sarah Walker and Robert Aucker is a sad and troubling one that highlights the need for more awareness and education on animal rights and welfare. Hopefully, justice will be served for the dog involved, and such vile acts will be punished more severely in the future.