article: A woman has been charged with reckless manslaughter after her boyfriend's mother tried to stop them fighting and suffered a fatal heart attack. Claudia Yanira Hernandez Soriano, 25, and Juan Francisco Martinez Rojas, 28, started punching and scratching each other after they returned to their Bergen, New Jersey home following a party early on Monday. When Ana Angelina Rojas-Jovel, 45, tried to break them up, Hernandez Soriano assaulted the woman, according to the Bergen County Prosecutor. 'During the assault, the victim apparently suffered a cardiac event which resulted in her death,' Prosecutor John L. Molinelli said in a statement. Fight: Claudia Yanira Hernandez Soriano, 25, above, and her boyfriend Juan Francisco Martinez Rojas, 28, started punching and scratching each other at their home on Monday when his mother intervened . Injured: Martinez Rojas' booking shot shows the scratches on his face from the domestic dispute . A seven-year-old child also witnessed the fight, according to the prosecutor, but he did not reveal the relationship between the adults and the youngster. Police responded to a 911 call from the apartment just after 4am on Monday and when they arrived, they found Rojas-Jovel dead on a bedroom floor. 'There were no obvious signs of trauma to the victim, however... the [couple] displayed signs of injury and appeared to have been involved in a domestic assault,' the prosecutor said. In their booking photos, both Hernandez Soriano and Martinez Rojas have scratches on their faces and necks. The pair were interviewed, as were the child and other residents. Scene: Soriano allegedly then assaulted the woman, Ana Angelina Rojas-Jovel, and she suffered a cardiac arrest at the first-floor apartment at the house (pictured) and died before police arrived at the scene . The Bergen County Medical Examiner's Office conducted an autopsy on Rojas-Jovel's body, but results were pending toxicology tests, the prosecutor said. Hernandez Soriano was charged with manslaughter, endangering the welfare of a child, domestic violence simple assault and hindering apprehension, according to authorities. Molinelli said Hernandez Soriano also hid evidence - but would not detail what it was - which investigators later recovered in a search at the crime scene. She was held at the Bergen County Jail on $250,000 bail. Martinez Rojas was also charged with child endangerment and domestic violence simple assault and sent to the county jail on $75,000 bail. A court hearing has been scheduled for Thursday morning at Hackensack Superior Court.
highlights: Claudia Yanira Hernandez Soriano, 25, and Juan Francisco Martinez Rojas, 28, started fighting after returning from a party on Monday morning . When his mother, Ana Angelina Rojas-Jovel, 45, tried to stop them, Hernandez Soriano allegedly assaulted her . She suffered cardiac arrest and police arrived to find her dead . A seven-year-old girl witnessed the fight .
id: ad34c19ee11b3ad2fd07d46ddb3a89a819076766
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, a woman was killed in her own home during a fight between two younger individuals. Ana Angelina Rojas-Jovel, 45, was attempting to break up a physical altercation between Claudia Yanira Hernandez Soriano, 25, and Juan Francisco Martinez Rojas, 28, when she was allegedly assaulted by Hernandez Soriano. Rojas-Jovel suffered cardiac arrest during the altercation and died before authorities arrived on the scene. According to witnesses, the argument between Hernandez Soriano and Martinez Rojas started after the two returned home from a party early Monday morning. The fight quickly escalated and Rojas-Jovel attempted to intervene in an effort to control the situation. Horrifyingly, a seven-year-old girl was present during the altercation and witnessed the entire incident. It is currently unclear what the nature of the relationship between the young girl and those involved in the altercation is. Both Hernandez Soriano and Martinez Rojas were immediately taken into custody by local law enforcement officers. While no official charges have been filed at this time, it is likely that the individuals will face serious charges related to the death of Rojas-Jovel. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the potential dangers associated with physical altercations. Even in situations where there is no initial intention for harm, it is possible for things to quickly escalate and result in devastating consequences. Furthermore, the presence of a child during this altercation makes the situation even more heartbreaking. Authorities are currently investigating the incident and working to understand the exact sequence of events that led to Rojas-Jovel's death. The seven-year-old witness will likely be called upon to provide testimony in the case. The family and friends of Rojas-Jovel are understandably devastated by her untimely death. Rojas-Jovel was a beloved member of her community and her passing has left a deep void in the lives of those who knew her. Our thoughts are with her loved ones during this difficult time.