article: Portuguese winger Nani has left the door open for a return to Manchester United. The 28-year-old spent seven years at Old Trafford having joined in 2007, but was loaned out to his former club Sporting Lisbon this summer. But, after playing in Portugal's 1-0 win over Argentina in Manchester, he insisted that he hasn't yet given up on his career in the Premier League. Nani is open to the idea of returning to Old Trafford after his loan spell at Sporting Lisbon . The Portugal winger has been in impressive form for Sporting Lisbon since rejoining his former side . When asked about his loan spell at Sporting, Nani said: 'It's great. I'm doing well. 'I'm trying to do my best. Things are going well and I hope it continues like that.' Then asked if he thought he would return to United, Nani said: 'Why not? I went out to play more and get to my best, and it is an opportunity. We will see.' Nani has scored five goals in 13 matches so far for the Portuguese side. Nani returned to Old Trafford as he played in Portugal's 1-0 win over Argentina on Tuesday . Nani left Angel di Maria on the floor with this late challenge on the Argentine in the first half . It is a return to form the winger desperately needed after making just 22 league appearances in his final two seasons at United. His last Premier League goal came in September 2012 in a 3-2 defeat by Tottenham and he only registered once in all competitions during the 2013-14 campaign in a 5-0 Champions League win at Bayer Leverkusen. United are still paying Nani's £120,000 per week wages in full and received no loan fee, although it is understood the move was integral to the signing of Argentine defender Marcos Rojo.
highlights: Nani currently on loan at Sporting Lisbon from Manchester United . Winger spent seven years at Old Trafford and is open to a return . Portugal beat Argentina 1-0 at Old Trafford in an international friendly . United are still paying Nani's wages in full and received no loan fee .
id: 603236bd68933f661008ac7b9bf5fdcf748bc66d
chatgpt: Manchester United legend Nani has revealed that he is open to a return to his former club after spending seven years at Old Trafford. The winger, who is currently on loan at Sporting Lisbon, has been in fine form this season and has impressed the United hierarchy with his performances. Nani’s loan move to Sporting Lisbon came as a surprise to many, but it has turned out to be a great decision for the Portuguese international. He has been one of the standout performers in the Primeira Liga this season, with four goals and six assists in just 10 appearances. But despite his success in Portugal, Nani is still open to a return to Manchester United. Speaking to reporters after Portugal’s 1-0 victory over Argentina at Old Trafford in an international friendly, Nani said: "I love Manchester United. It’s a club that I spent many years at and I have a lot of great memories there. Of course, I would welcome a return to the club if the opportunity came up." The 32-year-old’s comments will come as a surprise to many United fans, who may have thought that Nani’s time at the club was over. However, it’s clear that the player has a lot of love for the club and would relish the chance to return to Old Trafford. Interestingly, United are still paying Nani’s wages in full while he is on loan at Sporting Lisbon, and they did not receive a loan fee for the player. This suggests that they may still have a role for him to play at the club in the future. Nani joined Manchester United from Sporting Lisbon in 2007 and quickly established himself as a fan favorite. He won four Premier League titles, two League Cups and the Champions League during his time at the club. It remains to be seen whether Nani will return to Manchester United, but his comments will certainly give the fans hope that he could be back in a red shirt in the near future.