article: (CNN) -- French prosecutors in Lille asked Tuesday for charges to be dropped against former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn over his alleged participation in a prostitution ring, citing a lack of evidence. Strauss-Kahn was among a number charged with aggravated pimping in an investigation into sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in the northern city of Lille. Read more: How DSK's fall led to Hollande's rise . He did not deny attending the parties, his lawyers said, but he did not know that the young women at the parties were being paid for sex. The case is known in France as the "Carlton affair." A judge will decide whether to act on the recommendations of the office of the Lille prosecutor. The prosecutor also asked for charges to be dropped against a second man accused in the case, Jean-Luc Vergin, also on the grounds of insufficient evidence. However, 12 people should be called before the correctional tribunal for acts that will likely be qualified as aggravated pimping, and for a few of them, fraud, abuse of trust and abuse of public funds, a statement from the prosecutor's office said. Investigating judges filed their 6,800-page dossier with the prosecutor's office in March this year, two years after the investigation was opened by the Lille courthouse into aggravated pimping charges. Allegations denied . Strauss-Khan, a 64-year-old economist, was widely expected to become the Socialist presidential candidate -- until his professional career imploded with an arrest in New York in May 2011. A New York hotel housekeeper, Nafissatou Diallo, told police that a naked Strauss-Kahn emerged from a room of his spacious luxury hotel suite and tried to force himself on her, at one point dragging her into the bathroom and trying to remove her underwear. Strauss-Kahn alleged the encounter was consensual, but stepped down from his $500,000 job at the IMF. A grand jury indicted him on seven counts, including sexual abuse and attempted rape, but prosecutors later dropped the charges after concluding Diallo had lied about some details of the alleged attack -- despite forensic evidence that showed a sexual encounter had occurred. Diallo then sued Strauss-Kahn. The two sides reached a settlement late last year, the details of which have not been disclosed. Last October, a French prosecutor dropped an investigation connecting Strauss-Kahn to a possible gang rape in Washington. The young Belgian woman whose testimony was the basis for the inquiry withdrew her previous statement and said she would not press charges, leaving the investigation with no grounds to continue, officials said. Strauss-Kahn also faced allegations of attempted rape in 2003 against a young French writer, Tristane Banon. But prosecutors said the case could not be pursued because of a statute of limitations. Strauss-Kahn denied the allegations and has since filed a countersuit in France, alleging slander. CNN's Alexander Felton contributed to this report.
highlights: Dominique Strauss-Kahn was investigated over sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in Lille . Strauss-Khan, a 64-year-old economist, has denied wrongdoing . He stepped down as IMF chief in 2011 after sex charges were filed in New York . New York prosecutors dropped that case because of questions over his accuser's credibility .
id: 6b6ac978225fc28ec75ba1812ad887b29b92b294
chatgpt: Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, has come under investigation for alleged involvement in sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in Lille. The 64-year old economist denies any wrongdoing. This is not the first time Strauss-Kahn has been embroiled in a sexual misconduct scandal. In fact, he stepped down as the head of the IMF in 2011 when charges were filed against him in New York. However, that case was subsequently dropped due to questions over the credibility of his accuser. Strauss-Kahn's latest legal trouble stems from allegations that he was part of a group of businessmen and police officers who attended sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in Lille. The investigation into these allegations has been ongoing for several years, and Strauss-Kahn was one of several prominent figures who were questioned by French authorities. According to reports, the parties were organized by Frederic Chatillon, who has close ties to France's far-right National Front party. Chatillon is also under investigation for his alleged involvement in the sex parties. Strauss-Kahn has maintained his innocence throughout the investigation, insisting that he was unaware that the women at the parties were prostitutes. He has also denied any illegal activity. This latest scandal has once again shone a spotlight on Strauss-Kahn's troubled personal life. In addition to the New York case and the Lille investigation, he has also faced allegations of sexual misconduct in his native France. Many are now questioning whether Strauss-Kahn's reputation can ever fully recover from these scandals. Strauss-Kahn, who has been dubbed the "great seducer" by the French media, was once a rising star in French politics. He served as France's finance minister from 1997 to 1999, and was widely expected to become the country's next president. However, his career was derailed when he was accused of sexually assaulting a hotel maid in New York. Despite the charges being dropped, Strauss-Kahn's reputation never fully recovered. He has largely retreated from the public eye, and his name is now synonymous with scandal and controversy. The latest allegations are just the latest chapter in what has been a long and tumultuous career for Strauss-Kahn. It remains to be seen whether he will face charges in connection with the Lille investigation, and whether he will be able to rebuild his reputation once again. In the meantime, Strauss-Kahn's alleged involvement in the sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in Lille has once again reignited the debate about sexual harassment and misconduct in French politics. Many are calling for more concrete measures to be put in place to prevent this kind of behavior from occurring in the future. Overall, this latest scandal serves as a reminder of the challenges faced by those in positions of power and influence. It is a reminder that even those who appear to be untouchable can fall from grace in a moment, and that the consequences of their actions can be far-reaching and long-lasting.