article: Washington (CNN) -- The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is retraining some workers after allegations of racial profiling by officers assigned to look for people behaving suspiciously, a spokesman said. The classes come after agents at Boston's Logan International Airport said fellow employees in the agency's behavior detection program were targeting minorities for questioning based on their race or ethnicity. Some Boston officers have complained to the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts. ACLU attorney Sarah Wunsch, who has spoken with 10 officers accusing their colleagues of racial profiling, told CNN that officers were targeting racial and ethnic groups -- including Mexicans, African-Americans and Brazilians -- for secondary screening. The claims, first reported in The New York Times earlier this month, prompted the TSA to open an internal investigation. Now behavior detection officers nationwide will take an "online learning center refresher course to reinforce that racial/ethnic profiling will not be tolerated," TSA spokesman David Castelveter said. TSA says it focuses on security, not good looks . A class called Combating Racial/Ethnic/Religious Profiling is being provided to behavior detection officers and managers at Boston and Detroit airports, where similar intensive programs are in place. Classroom training includes a four-hour session where problems created by profiling will be discussed. Trainees will participate in scenarios designed to emphasize programs method, including relying on behaviors only, using an environmental baseline, using techniques supported by science, and using a partner to monitor for and verify that no racial/or ethnic/religious profiling is going on. "TSA's behavior detection program is a critical part of our approach to securing travel, but profiling passengers on any basis is simply not tolerated," Castelveter said. "Profiling is not only discriminatory, it is also an ineffective way to identify someone's intent on doing harm. Officers are trained and audited to look for observable behaviors and behaviors alone." Rep. Bennie G. Thompson of Mississippi has called for the TSA to suspend the behavioral screening program and requested a congressional hearing. Thompson is the ranking Democrat on the House committee on homeland security. Rep. Bill Keating of Massachusetts, a top Democrat on the House oversight and investigation subcommittee for homeland security, has also called for a probe. "These allegations have more weight because they come from people who are knowledgeable about the requirements and training and see something going wrong in the screening process," Keating said. Sikh group develops app to report airport profiling . CNN's Aaron Cooper, Jon Noah and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report.
highlights: TSA to retrain behavior detection officers after allegations of racial profiling . Online refresher course mandated . Workers in Boston, Detroit will get classroom training .
id: 757cbd8c4e685d5459e16824681ffcaa738ee618
chatgpt: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) will be retraining its behavior detection officers (BDOs) following allegations of racial profiling. The agency will require BDOs to take an online refresher course and workers in Boston and Detroit will receive additional classroom training. The TSA’s behavior detection program has been under scrutiny for several years, with critics alleging that it unfairly targets certain racial and ethnic groups. The program involves BDOs observing passengers’ behavior for signs of stress, deception, or other indicators that they may pose a threat. In a statement released on Tuesday, the TSA acknowledged that there had been “recent concerns raised about potential racial profiling” and that it was taking steps to address the issue. “TSA does not tolerate racial profiling of any kind and takes allegations of misconduct seriously,” the statement said. As part of the retraining effort, BDOs across the country will be required to complete an online refresher course on the agency’s behavior detection program. The course will focus on the proper techniques for observing and questioning passengers, as well as ways to avoid bias. Meanwhile, BDOs in Boston and Detroit will receive additional classroom training on the behavior detection program. The in-person training will provide an opportunity for BDOs to practice their skills and receive feedback from experienced instructors. The TSA’s behavior detection program has been controversial since its inception in 2003. Critics argue that it is both ineffective and discriminatory, and that it has resulted in the profiling of innocent passengers. In a 2013 report, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that the program had not been shown to be effective in identifying potential terrorists. Despite the criticism, the TSA has continued to support the program, arguing that it is an important tool in the fight against terrorism. The agency has also defended the program against charges of racial profiling, saying that it is designed to be “race-neutral.” The retraining effort comes at a time when the TSA is facing scrutiny on multiple fronts. The agency has been criticized for long wait times at airport security checkpoints, as well as for reports of misconduct by TSA personnel. In response to the criticism, the TSA has implemented a number of changes in recent months, including the hiring of additional personnel and the use of more advanced screening technology. The agency has also conducted a review of its behavior detection program, which led to the decision to retrain BDOs. The TSA’s behavior detection program will continue to be a contentious issue for some time to come, as critics and supporters debate its effectiveness and fairness. For now, however, it seems that the agency is taking steps to address concerns about racial profiling and improve its overall performance.