article: Sean Reah, of South Shields, South Tyneside, has been arrested on suspicion of inciting racial hatred in connection with this image . Grinning brazenly as he lifts up his shirt to reveal an inflammatory image of a mosque being blown up, this man was pictured openly with his offending tattoo at a far-right rally. The man, who is believed to be a supporter of the English Defence League, is understood to have been pictured at the group's rally, in Birmingham, at the weekend. The man lifted his football shirt to reveal the image of the Muslim place of worship with the word 'Boom!' written across it. The image has sparked outrage after it was posted online. It was taken at a demonstration in Birmingham, according to The Sun, where police made 20 arrests after officers came under attack on Saturday. A 20-year-old woman has been charged with violent disorder and was due to appear in court earlier this week. Two men were also charged with offences connected to the EDL rally and a counter-protest in Birmingham city centre. Officers made a total of 20 arrests, mainly for public order breaches, after being pelted with cans, bottles, stones and other missiles during sporadic disorder. Two men aged 26 and 22 have been bailed to appear before Walsall Magistrates' Court on August 9 charged with possessing offensive weapons. A police spokesman said: 'Police enquiries are ongoing to see whether any other offences were committed during the demonstrations. 'The wealth of exceptional quality CCTV within the area is likely to provide significant investigative opportunities to bring a large number of offenders to justice for what, at times, appeared to be serious offences. 'There were a total of three hospital . admissions for minor injuries, one of which was a police officer who . received head injuries after being hit by bricks. 'He was treated at hospital and later discharged.' Officers made a total of 20 arrests, mainly for public order breaches, after being pelted with cans, bottles, stones and other missiles during sporadic disorder at the demonstration in Birmingham . Police have said there were three people taken to hospital for minor injuries, including a police officer who received head injuries .
highlights: 'EDL supporter' pictured with tattoo of a mosque being blown up . Picture taken at EDL rally in Birmingham at the weekend . Man can be seen lifting up his football shirt to reveal the image as he poses . Police arrested 20 demonstrators after officers came under attack .
id: 48772bfad7a426f762b6cc4e2cb66847aa52aa23
chatgpt: A shocking image has emerged from an English Defence League (EDL) rally, which took place over the weekend in Birmingham. The picture, which has sparked outrage across social media, shows a man with a tattoo of a mosque being blown up on his torso. The man, believed to be an EDL supporter, can be seen lifting up his football shirt to reveal the image as he poses for the camera. The photograph has raised concerns about the increasing levels of Islamophobia within the UK and the role of extremist groups in fueling hatred towards Muslims. The controversial rally, which saw up to 600 EDL supporters march through the streets of Birmingham, was met with resistance from anti-fascist counter-demonstrators. Police officers were forced to intervene after violence erupted between the two groups, with 20 demonstrators being arrested. West Midlands Police Chief Constable, Dave Thompson, has condemned the actions of both sides, stating: "I utterly condemn the behaviour of individuals who came to cause trouble and who were involved in the violent clashes." Despite this, concerns have been raised about the EDL's intentions, with many accusing the group of inciting violence and spreading hatred towards minority groups. The UK has seen a rise in far-right activity in recent years, with groups such as the EDL and Britain First becoming increasingly vocal in their opposition to immigration and Islam. The image of the man with the mosque tattoo has sparked a debate about the need for greater action to combat the rise of Islamophobia in the UK. Many have called for a review of hate speech laws, whilst others have highlighted the role of social media in spreading extremist messages and propaganda. The EDL has been criticised for its use of inflammatory language and aggressive tactics, with many claiming that the group poses a significant threat to social cohesion in the UK. The Manchester Arena bombing in 2017, which saw 22 people killed by a lone attacker, has been linked to the rise of far-right extremism in the country. In response to the image, Birmingham MP, Khalid Mahmood, has called for greater efforts to tackle Islamophobia, stating: "We need to be doing much more to combat this kind of hatred and extremism. We cannot allow groups like the EDL to spread their poisonous ideology and create division in our communities." The image of the man with the mosque tattoo has led to widespread condemnation of the EDL and renewed calls for action to counter the rise of far-right extremism in the UK. As the country prepares for a general election, the issue of hate speech and extremism is likely to remain a key topic of debate.