article: Bosnia-Herzegovina have sacked coach Safet Susic after a terrible start to their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign that has seen them earn just two points from four matches. The poor run culminated in Sunday's 3-0 defeat by Israel, leaving their chances of reaching the 24-nation tournament hanging by a thread. 'The Bosnian football association (NFSBIH) thanks Susic for the historic achievement of qualifying for the 2014 World Cup and it will never be forgotten,' said the governing body's general secretary Jasmin Bakovic. Bosnia-Herzegovina have sacked coach Safet Susic after a terrible start to their Euro 2016 qualifiers . Susic was criticised for his tactics and team selection in Bosnia's group stage exit from the June 12-July 13 tournament in Brazil and came under more pressure after a shock 2-1 home defeat by Cyprus in their Euro 2016 qualifying Group B opener. The 59-year old former international forward, who scored 21 goals in 54 appearances for communist Yugoslavia, was granted a stay of execution after draws with Wales and Belgium but the Israel rout proved to be the final straw. Bitter after the NFSBIH executive board unanimously relieved him of his duties, Susic said he was convinced Bosnia would have stood a better chance of reaching the European Championship finals if he had stayed in charge. 'I won't feel accountable if we don't qualify because the prospect of winning five of the six remaining matches and clinching a berth should be realistic,' he told Bosnian media. Susic said he will take some time off from football before taking 'one of the offers that have come my way' 'I hope the football association made the right decision while I will take a short break and then accept one of the offers that have come my way in the past few months.' Asked if he regretted not stepping down after the World Cup, Susic said: 'No. I wanted to take the national team to Euro 2016 after reaching the World Cup but the football association's faith evaporated after the Cyprus defeat.' Having taken over in 2009, Susic suffered a pair of successive playoff defeats by Portugal, in 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 qualifying, before the Balkan nation hailed him as hero when they secured a 2014 World Cup berth. But falling out with top scorer Edin Dzeko in a 2-0 friendly defeat by Egypt in March seemed to be a turning point as Bosnia failed to reproduce their qualifying form at the World Cup finals and then made a woeful start in Euro 2016 qualifying.
highlights: Bosnia and Herzegovina were beaten 3-0 by Israel on Sunday . Coach Safet Susic sacked due to team's poor form . They have picked up just two points from four Euro 2016 qualifiers .
id: 4172f69e3cc85c5cc8416a3d023c635ba2564520
chatgpt: Bosnia and Herzegovina were handed a resounding defeat by Israel on Sunday, as they fell 3-0 to their opponents in a Euro 2016 qualifier match. The loss proved to be too much for coach Safet Susic, who was subsequently sacked due to the team's poor form. The Bosnian team had high hopes entering the match, as they looked to turn their fortunes around with a win against Israel. Unfortunately for them, things did not go according to plan, with their opponents taking control of the match early on and never looking back. Despite some early chances for Bosnia and Herzegovina, it was Israel who struck first in the 19th minute, with Tal Ben Haim finding the back of the net. The home side continued to dominate possession and create chances, and in the 38th minute, Dor Peretz doubled their lead with a well-placed header. Bosnia and Herzegovina attempted to make a comeback in the second half, but found themselves unable to breach the Israeli defense. Instead, it was the home side who added to their lead, as Ben Sahar scored a third goal for Israel in the 67th minute. The defeat only serves to highlight the woes of the Bosnian team in this year's Euro 2016 qualifiers. With just two points from their four matches so far, they have struggled to find the form that saw them qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. As a result of their recent poor form, Susic has now been dismissed as coach of the national team. The Bosnian Football Federation released a statement following the defeat, which read: "The Executive Board of the Football Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, after a meeting held in Sarajevo, decided to immediately terminate the contract with national team coach Safet Susic." The statement went on to say that the decision was made in order to "protect the interests of the national team and its goals for the remaining qualifying matches." The news of Susic's dismissal will no doubt come as a shock to many fans of the Bosnian team, who have been hoping for a turnaround in fortunes for some time. However, with the Euro 2016 qualifiers heating up, the federation clearly feels that a change of leadership is necessary. As for the Bosnian team, they will now be left to pick up the pieces following this latest defeat. With matches against Wales and Belgium still to come, they will need to find a way to turn things around quickly if they are to have any chance of qualifying for next year's European Championship.