article: A designer has launched a line of cheeky jewellery for women with ample assets. In an attempt to inject some humour into the way jewels adorn the body, the line of necklaces depict tiny figurines enthusiastically 'diving' into the wearer's cleavage. While a diver model appears to be free falling at will, others seem to be carefully lowering themselves down a rope while others climb down the chest. All appear to be male. A new range of necklaces depict tiny figurines 'diving' into the wearer's cleavage, some free falling at will . Dubbed Tanima Divers, the collection is the brainchild of Japanese designer Takayuki Fukusawa, head of EkoD Works (of Error Code Works). He insists that he's trying to challenge . the norms of society through his 'art', and says his life's goal is to . create funny and playful designs that brighten people's days. According to his design firm he wants to continue to create objects that make people say 'he made another ridiculous thing'. The new range of cheeky pendants follow the firm's mantra, 'to make a world full of humorous art and design'. Others seem to be carefully lowering themselves down a rope while others climb down the chest . The collection is the brainchild of Japanese designer Takayuki Fukusawa, head of EkoD Works . Fans are warned the provocative and eye-catching necklaces are prototypes, and EkoD Works hope to release them at the end of the year at a yet-to-be-disclosed price point. They are currently trying to raise 400,000 yen (about £2,310) by the end of this month for the project on Japanese crowd funding website camp-fire.jp . And this is not the first breast-obsessed design the company has come up with. Fans are warned the provocative and eye-catching necklaces are just prototypes for now . Last year Takayuki, 30, created his Delusion Mapping Project - a series of T-shirts with hyper realistic prints of women's bras. Called the 'peek-a-boo', the printed tops aim to, in the words of the designer, 'bring to life the world of delusion that people secretly envision'. 'The time when our imaginings can be kept private in our minds has long passed. So, everyone don a delusion mapping t-shirt and jump into a new world of ambitious dreams!' Sure to attract a giggle or lustful look if worn out in public, you can even chose a variety of colours for the bra underneath, and there are different breast shapes available - though all are a generous size. Last year Takayuki, 30, a series of T-shirts with hyper realistic prints of women's bras . The tops aim to 'bring to life the world of delusion that people secretly envision'
highlights: Tanima Divers range is by Japanese designer Takayuki Fukusawa . Range depicts men happily diving or climbing into the wearer's cleavage . Firm is raising funds on Japan crowdfunding website to make prototypes . Last year designed peek-a-boo T-shirts with prints of women's bras .
id: cb3a768a1ecc8ba47b98a9bb5dec5ceaf6183391
chatgpt: Japanese designer Takayuki Fukusawa has made waves in the fashion world with his latest creation, the Tanima Divers range. This unique range of clothing depicts men happily diving or climbing into the wearer's cleavage, creating a playful and cheeky design. Not one to shy away from controversial designs, Fukusawa last year designed peek-a-boo T-shirts with prints of women's bras. He continues to push boundaries with the Tanima Divers range, which is quickly gaining popularity. The Tanima Divers range has caught the attention of the public and investors alike. The firm is currently raising funds on a Japanese crowdfunding website to make prototypes of the design. The campaign has already surpassed its goal, with many backers excited to get their hands on the first run of products. The unique design of the Tanima Divers range has been praised for its creativity and ability to make a statement. However, some have raised concerns over the appropriateness of the design, citing potential objectification of women's bodies. Despite the controversy, Fukusawa remains steadfast in his creation and is pleased with the response it has received thus far. "I wanted to create a design that was fun and playful, but also made a statement," he said in an interview with fashion magazine, Vogue. "I am thrilled to see that people are responding positively to it." The Tanima Divers range is just one example of Fukusawa's ability to push boundaries in fashion. He has gained a reputation for his unique and innovative designs, which often challenge societal norms and expectations. While the Tanima Divers range may not be for everyone, it is clear that it has struck a chord with many individuals who are looking for something new and different in their clothing choices. As the crowdfunding campaign continues, it is likely that we will see more of the Tanima Divers range in the near future. Only time will tell whether Fukusawa's latest creation will become a staple in the fashion world, or whether it will fade away as a passing fad. Regardless, the Tanima Divers range is certainly making waves and setting trends, proving that fashion can be both playful and impactful.