article: (CNN) -- Nine U.N. peacekeepers were killed in an ambush Friday in Mali, a U.N. spokesman said. Their convoy was attacked near Menaka, in the country's eastern Gao region, by heavily armed men on motorcycles, said Olivier Salgado, a spokesman for the U.N. Stabilization Mission in Mali. The nine dead were from Niger. The United Nations does not know who is responsible, Salgado said. The attack was the deadliest yet of several against the forces in the country, the U.N. mission said on its Facebook page. Air assets were immediately deployed with the aim of making the area safe and helping the peacekeepers, the statement said. Arnauld Akodjenou, deputy special representative of the secretary-general in the U.N. mission, called for an end to violence. He said he was horrified by "this cowardly and hateful act of terrorism" and the loss of more lives in pursuit of peace in Mali, adding that these crimes must not go unpunished. In a statement, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said such attacks constitute a violation of international law, and called on armed groups operating in the area of promises they have made to cooperate with the United Nations. The latest attack comes a little more than two weeks after five U.N. peacekeepers from Chad were killed and three others injured when a U.N. vehicle struck a homemade bomb in northern Mali. The September 18 attack took place on a road between Aguelhok and Tessalit, the U.N. mission said. Other attacks have also killed or injured U.N. peacekeepers in the Kidal region. The U.N. mission is there to guard against militant Islamists who in early 2013 threatened to move on the West African nation's capital, Bamako. More than 8,000 military personnel and nearly 1,000 police were deployed under the peacekeeping mission as of the end of August. It was set up in April 2013 following a U.N. Security Council resolution. CNN's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Attack is deadliest yet against peacekeepers in Mali, United Nations says . U.N.: Nine peacekeepers from Niger die in an ambush in eastern Mali . Heavily armed men on motorcycles attacked convoy, U.N. spokesman says . Last month, five peacekeepers from Chad were killed in an attack in the north .
id: 54d8a56f05ec5afb7d77dbe6a1e737ee813cf2f6
chatgpt: In a devastating attack against United Nations peacekeepers in Mali, nine soldiers from Niger lost their lives. According to U.N. officials, this is the deadliest attack thus far on peacekeepers stationed in the country. The ambush took place in eastern Mali, where heavily armed men on motorcycles targeted the peacekeeper convoy. The attackers carried out the assault with precision, leaving little room for the peacekeepers to react. The attack left nine soldiers dead and several others injured. The U.N. spokesman condemned the attack, saying that the peacekeepers were carrying out their mission of protecting civilians and stabilizing the region. He went on to say that the organization will continue to support peacekeeping efforts in Mali despite this tragic incident. This marks the second attack on U.N. peacekeepers in Mali in recent weeks. Last month, five peacekeepers from Chad were killed in the northern region of the country. The ongoing violence in Mali has been a major challenge for U.N. peacekeepers. Since 2013, the organization has deployed more than 14,000 peacekeepers to the country to help stabilize the region. However, insecurity and frequent attacks from jihadist groups continue to undermine their efforts. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed his deep condolences to the families of the fallen soldiers and reiterated the organization's commitment to supporting peacekeeping efforts in Mali. He called on all parties to respect the ceasefire agreements and work towards a lasting solution to the conflict. The attack on the peacekeepers in Mali is a harsh reminder of the ongoing violence and instability in the region. The U.N. and international community must work together to address the root causes of the conflict and establish lasting peace for the people of Mali.