article: By . Stephen Wright . PUBLISHED: . 16:56 EST, 7 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:55 EST, 7 May 2013 . Daniel Morgan, 37, was found in a pub car park in Sydenham, south London, in 1987 with an axe embedded in his head. His family maintained he was killed by a professional hitman . A notorious unsolved axe murder from a quarter of a century ago is to be investigated by a judge. Theresa May will announce details later this month of an 'independent panel review' into the death of private detective Daniel Morgan. The Home Secretary's panel will have the same powers as the one that reviewed the 1989 Hillsborough tragedy and led to a new criminal investigation. Campaigners hope Mrs May's move will also trigger a new police inquiry and a successful prosecution of those responsible for killing Mr Morgan in a pub car park in Sydenham, south-east London, in 1987. The 37-year-old married father of two was found with the axe embedded in his head. Like the Hillsborough tragedy, the Morgan case has been dogged by allegations of police corruption. The detective's family believe he was . killed because he was about to unveil a web of corruption allegedly . involving his business partner Jonathan Rees and a string of police . officers. Five inquiries – costing an estimated £50million – have failed to crack the case. Last year the Leveson Inquiry into . press standards heard disturbing claims that the News of the World put . the senior detective who led the fourth and fifth investigations into . the Morgan murder under surveillance. Detective Chief Superintendent Dave . Cook and his then wife Jacqui Hames said the suspects for the killing . had encouraged the now defunct tabloid to watch them. Miss Hames told the inquiry she was . being watched because 'suspects in the Daniel Morgan murder inquiry were . using their association with a powerful and well-resourced newspaper to . intimidate us and try to attempt to subvert the investigation'. The fifth inquiry into the murder collapsed in March 2011. Three men charged with the killing – . Mr Rees and his brothers-in-law Garry and Glenn Vian – were cleared of . involvement before their trial started. The 37-year-old married father of two was found with the axe embedded in his head in the car park of the Golden Lion pub in Sydenham, south London, on March 10, 1987 . An Old Bailey judge ruled senior . police had coached one of the supergrasses in the case, and it was . revealed that large amounts of evidence had not been disclosed. The panel judge is expected to appoint experts but will not have the power to call witnesses. A Home Office spokesman said last . night: 'Discussions are continuing with the family and we hope to make . an announcement shortly.'
highlights: Theresa May will announce details of an 'independent panel review' Campaigners hope move will also trigger a new police inquiry . Morgan case has been dogged by allegations of police corruption . Five inquiries – costing £50m – have failed to crack the case . Three men charged with the killing have also been cleared .
id: d0188619ac7b5072abd51515369f1479c811ce3c
chatgpt: UK's former Prime Minister Theresa May has announced details of an 'independent panel review' into the murder of private investigator Daniel Morgan. The move has given hope to campaigners that it will trigger a new police inquiry into the case that has been dogged by allegations of police corruption. Morgan was murdered with an axe in a pub car park in south-east London in 1987. Five inquiries have previously been conducted into the case, costing £50m, but none have been successful in cracking the case. Three men who were charged with the killing have also been cleared of all charges. The announcement from the former Prime Minister comes after years of lobbying from the family of Morgan, who have been fighting for justice for over three decades. The family alleges that police corruption and incompetence have prevented the case from being solved. Theresa May has said that the independent panel review will examine the role of police corruption in the case, as well as how police and prosecutors handled the murder investigation. The review will also consider whether the police and Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) were obstructive to the previous inquiries. The announcement has been welcomed by campaigners and the family of Daniel Morgan. However, they also want the independent panel review to have the power to subpoena witnesses and access all relevant documents. Despite the previous five inquiries, Morgan's murderer has never been brought to justice. The family of the deceased investigator has consistently argued that corruption within the Metropolitan Police has prevented the case from being solved. The case has been described as one of the most "scandalous episodes" in the history of the Metropolitan Police. Critics say that corruption within the police has allowed those responsible for Morgan's murder to escape justice for over three decades. The announcement by Theresa May has been cautiously welcomed by the Metropolitan Police. They have said that they will cooperate with the independent panel review, and that they are committed to getting to the bottom of the case. The Metropolitan Police Commissioner, Cressida Dick, has said that she is determined to make sure that the review will leave no stone unturned. She has also promised that the panel will be given full access to all relevant documents, and that any witnesses will be compelled to give evidence. In conclusion, the announcement of an independent panel review into the murder of Daniel Morgan has given hope to campaigners and the family of the deceased investigator. However, there is still skepticism about whether this will be enough to finally bring those responsible for the murder to justice. It remains to be seen if the independent panel review will have the power to subpoena witnesses and access all relevant documents.