article: Dwindling in numbers, whale sharks are protected in China - and black market salesmen are punished with hefty fines. But when fisherman Cai Chengzhu, 48, spotted this 16-foot-long, two-tonne beast, he could not resist having a go. He heaved it to shore and dragged it to the street. Then, incredibly, he dumped it onto a truck - and drove it for half-an-hour to the nearest market. Scroll down for video . All in a day's work: Cai Chengzhu was fishing in Xianghzhi, eastern China, when he found this 16ft-long whale shark - before lugging it onto his tractor and driving it for half-an-hour to a market in nearby Shishi . Regulation states the valuable whale sharks, which can live for up to 100 years, should be set free immediately if caught. But Cai, from Xianghzhi, in the far-eastern province of Fujian, admitted he planned to sell the creature from 10,000 to 20,000 yuan (around £1,000 to £2,000). He claims the fish was already dead by the time they reached the market in Shishi, 10 miles away, after accidentally getting caught in his fishing net. Trapped: The endangered mammal had broken into his fishing net and started eating all the fish he had caught . Despite strict laws against selling whale sharks, Cai could sell his (for £1,000) because it was already dead . He told local media he did not know it was a whale shark. 'The giant creature broke our net and got inside to eat the fish we caught,' he explained. 'As you can see it had eaten a fair few but after being trapped in the net, it had died. Valuable: The enormous creatures can live for up to 100 years and weigh around 20 tonnes at full maturity . Fascinated: Passers-by were astounded to see Cai, 48, trundling through the village with the whale shark . 'By the time we managed to free it, sadly it was too late. 'It was really unfortunate and we did our best to free it, but having caught it and because it was already dead, it seemed a shame to waste it. 'I asked the fish market officials that monitor this sort of thing, and they said that as it was already dead when we caught it and as it was there we may as well sell it.'
highlights: Cai Chengzhu drove 16ft, two-tonne whale for half-an-hour to market . Whale sharks are protected species in China, salesmen face hefty fines . When they reached the market, it was dead so he was allowed to sell it .
id: 1ac19866af0f873be9bd712dd629859509a8de9e
chatgpt: A Chinese fisherman, identified as Cai Chengzhu, drove a 16ft, two-tonne whale for half-an-hour to the local fish market in his village of Yongji, located in the province of Fujian. The fisherman claims that he didn't kill the whale and found it already dead in the water, but as a protected species in China, the sale of whale sharks is heavily restricted, and those who break the law face hefty fines. As per the Chinese Wild Animal Protection Law, those who break the law by selling protected wildlife species, such as whale sharks, face a fine of anywhere between 10,000-200,000 yuan ($1,422-$28,440), depending on the severity of the infringement. However, after Cai Chengzu reached the fish market in Yongji with the whale in tow, it was discovered that the animal was already dead. The fisherman was thus permitted to sell the fish without facing any legal consequences. The fisherman claims that he was unaware of the creature's protected status, said a local news report. Whale sharks are one of the largest fish species in the ocean and are identified as a vulnerable species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, and are protected under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES). Despite the protection measures, China remains the largest consumer of shark fins in the world. Despite the country's ban on the sale of endangered species, consumers continue to demand such products which are seen as a symbol of wealth and are highly prized for use in traditional medicine. Conservationists in China have been working hard to raise awareness about the danger to whale sharks and other threatened species. They have been working with the government to introduce strengthening measures in legislation to curtail trafficking and consumption of these protected animals. In recent years, the Chinese government has begun cracking down on wildlife trafficking and the sale of endangered species in the country. Under a new law enacted in January 2017, people who buy or sell illegally trafficked endangered species in China can now face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment. The sale of highly valued products, such as whale sharks, puts tremendous pressure on marine-life conservation efforts around the world. It is essential to bring an end to the illegal trade of endangered species and promote sustainable fishing practices to save our oceanic ecosystem.