article: Addicted: More than a million patients are taking potentially harmful tranquillisers, with some hooked for more than 20 years (posed by model) More than a million patients are taking potentially harmful tranquillisers, with some hooked for more than 20 years, experts have warned. Although guidelines state benzodiazepines should only be used for a maximum of a month, many users are becoming dependent. Psychiatrists say that some patients are begging for repeat prescriptions while others are buying them illegally from foreign websites. It is estimated 1.5million Britons are currently taking a form of benzodiazepines, which include temazepam and diazepam. A study published in the British Medical Journal found the pills increased the risk of dementia by 50 per cent, even if only taken for short periods. Other research has linked them to premature death. Dr Owen Bowden-Jones, of the Royal College of Psychiatry, said: ‘There’s no doubt that benzodiazepines can form a dependence, can be addictive for people. ‘But on the other hand if used properly, they are a short-term treatment for anxiety. ‘I can certainly imagine how the doctor feels they are doing some good and unfortunately that’s not always the case. I’ve seen patients on benzodiazepines for 20 years.’ Researchers estimate that as many as 8 per cent of the over-65s are taking them at any one time. However in the past two decades the number of prescriptions have fallen by 40 per cent, largely because GPs are far stricter in handing them out. Worrying traits: Psychiatrists say that some patients are begging for repeat prescriptions while others are buying them illegally from foreign websites . There were nearly 10,600 prescriptions written out last year, down from 16,400 in 1991. Some patients who were addicted say their drugs made their lives a ‘complete blur’ and caused memory lapses and extreme tiredness. But when they tried to come off the pills they suffered withdrawal symptoms including severe abdominal pain, sickness and loss of appetite. Dr Peter Carter, general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, said: ‘The NHS should accept it has a part to play in treating the side-effects of a drug which was originally prescribed with the best of intentions.’
highlights: Psychiatrists say some patients are begging for repeat prescriptions . Pills increase the risk of dementia by 50%, according to BMJ study .
id: 887183b2b07d5c427125889853762ed552adc820
chatgpt: Psychiatrists are warning that some patients are continuously requesting repeat prescriptions of certain medications that have been found to increase the risk of dementia by 50%. Their case is backed up by a study released by the British Medical Journal (BMJ) which appears to confirm these fears. The study in question looked at more than 285,000 patients over a twelve-year period, and examined the effects that taking benzodiazepines and Z-drugs had on the development of dementia. Benzodiazepines are a commonly prescribed anti-anxiety medication, while Z-drugs are a type of hypnotic commonly used to treat sleeping disorders. While benzodiazepines have long been known to elevate the risk of dementia, the study found that Z-drugs were also a causative factor. The researchers behind the study say their findings strongly suggest that patients should not continue to take these particular medications over a long period of time. Instead, they are calling for renewed focus on alternative treatments to anxiety and sleeping disorders. One of the key concerns is that many patients become addicted to benzodiazepines and Z-drugs, and find it extremely difficult to quit them. This is particularly true for older patients who may have been taking these medications for years or even decades. Psychiatrists say that many such patients are now requesting repeat prescriptions, despite the known risks. The study has sparked renewed debate about the safety of these medications, and many medical professionals are calling for better education for both doctors and patients about the potential risks they pose. Patient advocacy groups, for their part, are calling for stricter regulation of medications that increase dementia risks. For their part, the researchers behind the study say that alternative treatments for anxiety and sleeping disorders are available. They recommend behavioral therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy and other non-pharmaceutical interventions. Ultimately, the risks of taking benzodiazepines and Z-drugs over a long period of time are clear. The risks of developing dementia can be catastrophic, and can have a devastating impact on patients and their families. For this reason, medical professionals are calling for greater awareness on the part of patients and doctors, in order to ensure that future generations are not put at such high risk by these potent medications.