article: By . Craig Hope . Follow @CraigHope_DM . Gus Poyet does not want to ‘suffer’ a season like last with Sunderland and says his players feel ‘unbeatable’ following their relegation escape. The Black Cats won four of their last five games to scramble clear of the bottom three. They were seven points adrift of safety in mid April and the suspicion was that Poyet would not have remained in charge in the Championship. In form: Sunderland players felt 'unbeatable' after escaping relegation by winning four of their last five games . Not again! Gus Poyet does not want to 'suffer' another relegation scrap this season . But the Uruguayan masterminded their survival and – with Thursday’s £2.5million addition of Will Buckley from former club Brighton his seventh of the summer – he is looking forward to his first full campaign as a Premier League manager. ‘We talk a lot about momentum and there are a few players, the players who were there at the end of the season, who finished playing with the feeling of being unbeatable practically,’ said the Sunderland boss ahead of tomorrow’s trip to West Brom. ‘I hope that we take it into this season because it is very, very important that we start well in the Premier League. ‘If you do not, what happened to us last season can happen and I do not want to suffer again.’ Arrivals lounge: Sunderland have signed winger Will Buckley for £2.5m from Brighton . Buckley, meanwhile, has penned a three-year deal at the Stadium of Light and will go straight into the squad which travels to the Hawthorns. The 24-year-old is reunited with Poyet on Wearside having become Brighton’s £1m record signing when he joined from Watford in 2011. Buckley’s arrival follows last week’s £10m signing of Manchester City midfielder Jack Rodwell. He is likely to partner another former Brighton player, Liam Bridcutt, in midfield against the Baggies. And Bridcutt says Rodwell has already impressed his new team-mates. ‘For such a young player Jack has had quite a lot of Premier League experience,’ he said. Back on track: Jack Rodwell (2L) has impressed in training since his £10m move from Manchester City . ‘It was tough for him to get an opportunity (at Manchester City) so he is coming here hungry and ready to go. ‘He has shown that hunger in the training sessions he has been involved in and he is a good player to have around.’ CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Gus Poyet does not want to suffer another relegation scrap at Sunderland . Black Cats boss says players felt 'unbeatable' after escape last season . Sunderland won four of their last five games to stay up . Will Buckley has arrived in a £2.5m deal from Brighton . Jack Rodwell has impressed in training since his £10m move from Man City .
id: 9a89d3b81bd8089952029a3e4d7b1c3faea2acaf
chatgpt: Sunderland boss Gus Poyet has spoken out about his ambitions for the upcoming season, saying he does not want to experience another relegation scrap. The Black Cats narrowly avoided the drop last season, winning four of their last five games to stay up. Poyet says that this close call has left a lasting impression on his players, who now feel “unbeatable.” Speaking to reporters, Poyet said: “We don’t want to be in a relegation battle again. It’s not good for the fans, the players or the club as a whole. We need to improve and push on this season.” To help achieve this goal, Sunderland have made some new signings this summer. Will Buckley has arrived from Brighton, in a deal worth £2.5m. The winger is known for his speed and creativity, and is expected to add a new dimension to Sunderland’s attacking play. Meanwhile, Jack Rodwell has impressed in training since his £10m move from Manchester City. The midfielder struggled for game time at City, but Poyet believes he can flourish in a new environment. “Jack has shown a great attitude in training,” said the Sunderland boss. “He’s hungry to play and prove himself.” Poyet’s comments are likely to be welcomed by Sunderland fans, who have endured a number of tough seasons in recent years. The club has teetered on the brink of relegation more than once, and Poyet is keen to avoid a repeat. Last season’s escape, he says, was a wake-up call. “We don’t want to live through that again,” he said. “We want to be pushing for mid-table or higher. We need to build on what we achieved last season and keep moving forward.” Sunderland fans will be hoping that the new signings, coupled with Poyet’s determination, can help the club achieve its goals. The team has shown promise in pre-season, with wins against Spanish sides Recreativo Huelva and Real Betis. Fans will be looking for more of the same when the Premier League kicks off this weekend. Poyet, for his part, says he’s relishing the challenge. “I love it here,” he said. “The fans are fantastic and the club has a great history. We’re building something special here and I’m excited to see where it takes us.” As the new season dawns, Sunderland fans will be hoping that their team can finally turn a corner and leave the relegation battles behind.