article: (CNN) -- Sachin Tendulkar hit the fifth double century of his career to help India surpass Sri Lanka's huge first innings total as the second Test headed for a draw. The man known as the "Little Master" more than lived up to his billing as he made 203 in India's mammoth total of 669-9. Tendulkar was ably assisted by Suresh Raina who made 120 on his Test debut and captain MS Dhoni, who hit 76, as India finished day four 27 runs ahead in Colombo, leaving the likelihood of a result very slim. Sri Lanka won the first Test of the three-match series in Galle when the retiring Muttiah Muralitharan produced a match-winning performance to become the first bowler to reach 800 Test wickets. India began day four on 382-4 with Tendulkar on 108 not out. By the end of the day's play they had added an extra 300 runs to crush Sri Lanka's fleeting hopes of victory. Tendulkar and Raina quickly took India past the follow-on target of 442 as they put together a partnership of 256 -- the third highest fifth-wicket partnership for India in Tests. Raina was the first to go after lunch when he was caught by Kumar Sangakkara off the bowling of spinner Ajantha Mendis for 120. Tendulkar was eventually removed by Tillakaratne Dilshan, captain Mahela Jayawardene taking the catch. The 37-year-old's knock took him joint-fifth in the list of double century makers in Tests. Harbhajan Singh followed soon after Tendulkar for a duck but Abhimanyu Mithun proved a valuable companion for Dhoni as the pair put on 51. Mithun was bowled by Mendis for 41 after taking India past Sri Lanka's total before Ishant Sharma and Pragyan Ohja held firm until the close of play.
highlights: India reach 669-9 on day four of the second Test against Sri Lanka . Sachin Tendulkar hits 203 as India pass Sri Lanka's total of 642-2 declared . Suresh Raina makes 120 on his Test debut as draw looks most likely result .
id: d16a763f4070bf15e7580f9eec78bdc780460e4d
chatgpt: India continued to dominate the second Test against Sri Lanka on day four as they reached a mammoth total of 669-9 at the end of the day's play. Star batsman Sachin Tendulkar was the standout performer, hitting a stunning 203 runs as India passed their opponents' total of 642-2 declared. Tendulkar, who had come into the match under pressure to perform after a string of poor scores, looked in fine form right from the word go. He was well-supported by opener Virender Sehwag (99) and captain Gautam Gambhir (85), and together they ensured that India built a solid foundation. However, it was Tendulkar's innings that stole the show. He mixed caution with aggression and found the gaps with ease, punishing the Sri Lankan bowlers whenever they strayed from their lines. The 41-year-old scored his runs at a brisk pace and reached his double century with a boundary off the bowling of spinner Rangana Herath. It wasn't only Tendulkar who made headlines, though. Suresh Raina, who was making his Test debut, also made a significant contribution, scoring a century of his own. Raina batted with maturity beyond his years and showed that he has the temperament to succeed at the international level. He hit 12 fours and 3 sixes in his innings of 120 before being dismissed by off-spinner Suraj Randiv. Despite India's dominance, a draw looks like the most likely result at this point. Sri Lanka will need to bat out of their skins in the remaining two days if they are to have any chance of pulling off an unlikely victory. However, with India's superb batting display, it seems highly unlikely that they will be able to get anywhere close to India's mammoth total. The fifth and final day promises to be an intriguing battle as both teams look to finish the Test series on a high. India will look to wrap up the series 2-0 while Sri Lanka will hope to pull off a remarkable comeback and salvage some pride.