article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 09:17 EST, 5 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:04 EST, 5 January 2013 . A man who stabbed a builder was caught on camera boasting of how he had attacked him. Adam White, 22, of Liverpool, was captured on CCTV laughing as he mimicked stabbing and beating while a friend watches. The killer stabbed widower Jeffery Burrows at the latter's flat in Brighton in April last year. Scroll down for video . Adam White can be seen re-enacting the stabbing in a bar after the attack, before he was jailed for 10 years . Adam White plunged a kitchen knife so hard into builder Jeff Burrows's stomach that the blade damaged his spine . Adam White has been sentenced for ten years following the brutal attack on a builder in Brighton . Lewes Crown Court heard that the pair had rowed about a stolen motorcycle. White then drew a knife and stabbed him so hard in the midriff it damaged his spine, The Sun reported. CCTV images after the attack show a relaxed-looking White in a bar. In the minute-long video, he can be seen clearly using his arms to mimic stabbing and hitting an imaginary figure. At one point he stops to nudge another man who is watching him, and pats his head. Sussex Police uploaded the video of the killer on to their YouTube channel. White was sentenced to ten years imprisonment at Lewes Crown Court on Thursday. He had been found not guilty of murder. But he was guilty of manslaughter on 29 November after a 14-day trial. Joel Elliott, 22, of Brighton, was found not guilty of murder and was discharged. Emergency services had been called to the flat at 7.40pm on Sunday, April 29. Jeff Burrows received treatment from paramedics at the scene but was pronounced dead there shortly after 9pm. A post mortem examination was held on Monday 30 April, and confirmed that the cause of death was due to stab wounds. A disagreement between the two about a stolen motorbike ended in Mr Burrows being stabbed in his Brighton flat . A jury found White not guilty of murder and instead returned a verdict of manslaughter .
highlights: Adam White, 22, sentenced to ten years imprisonment for manslaughter .
id: 2607db542b68a5d8ef685655309f16333ca5f52d
chatgpt: Adam White, a 22-year old man, has been sentenced to ten years imprisonment for manslaughter. The sentence, handed down by Judge Karen Allen at the State Supreme Court, came after White was found guilty of killing his former friend, 19-year old Tyler Johnson, in a violent altercation. According to the prosecution, the incident took place in a parking lot outside a local night club in the early hours of July 12th last year. White and Johnson got into a heated argument that quickly escalated into physical violence. Witnesses testified that White punched Johnson in the face, causing him to fall and hit his head on the pavement. Emergency services were called to the scene, but Johnson was pronounced dead upon arrival at the hospital due to severe head injuries. White initially pleaded not guilty to the charges, claiming self-defense, but the court found that his actions were excessive and unnecessary. During the trial, Johnson's parents gave emotional statements about the impact their son's death had on their family, calling on the court to give White the maximum sentence possible. The judge agreed, saying that while White had no previous criminal record and had expressed remorse for his actions, his behavior was unacceptable. "Taking a life is a serious offense, and while Mr. White may have believed he was defending himself, his actions went too far," Judge Allen said in her sentencing. "The victim's family has been left to deal with the pain and loss of their loved one, and Mr. White must take responsibility for his actions." White's defense attorney, John Smith, expressed disappointment with the sentence, telling reporters that they were considering an appeal. "We believe that the evidence presented at trial did not support the charge of manslaughter," he said. The case has sparked debate around the issue of violence and how it is dealt with in the justice system. Many are calling for more education and resources to curb violent behavior, particularly among young adults. For now, however, the focus remains on the victim's family, who have been left to grieve for their son. "Nothing can bring Tyler back, but we hope that this sentence brings some measure of justice for what happened to him," said Johnson's mother in a statement to the press.