article: (Rolling Stone) -- It's been four years since Brandy released her last album "Human" and many things have changed, including her. "I'm reinventing myself and I feel fearless," Brandy told Rolling Stone. "I haven't done R&B in a very long time. This album is rooted in R&B. The sound is different, it's about love. It's mature, it's gritty, it's edgy." The former teen star and mother of one is hard at work on her sixth album and recently wrapped the video for her first single, a duet with Monica called "It All Belongs To Me." This is first time the two have recorded together since their 1998 Grammy Award winning hit, "The Boy Is Mine." "Monica and I have a bond as women and as mothers, working with her doesn't feel like work," Brandy says. "Chris Robinson directed the video and we're both in dysfunctional relationships. We're helping each other through both situations, it's sort of like a 'Thelma & Louise,' girl empowerment video." Recruiting producers like Rico Love, who wrote and produced "It All Belongs To Me," Jim Jonsin, Danja, Timbaland, Chris Brown and longtime collaborator Rodney Jerkins, Brandy's also seeing what two Canadians have to offer. "I heard the song that Drake did and I loved it," Brandy says of working with the Cash Money MC and his primary producer Noah "40" Shebib. "I haven't recorded it yet but I'm looking forward to it because it's such a great melody and the beat is nice. It's a vibe that I haven't dipped into and I think the fans would get a kick out of hearing my voice over a record like that. I'm not sure if Drake's going to be on it but I'm a huge fan of his. His melodies are beautiful, I like the way I sound in the shower singing his songs." Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean is also contributing to her new project, and according to Brandy, their relationship is more than just professional. "He's like a little brother to me," Brandy says. "He wrote a song called 'Scared of Beautiful' about women who are afraid to be beautiful in their full potential as women. I've been there before so I know a lot of women can relate." Despite moving from her initial record label home Atlantic to Epic and now RCA, Brandy says she finally feels supported. "RCA reminds me of how Atlantic used to be, they really believed in my vision as an artist when they signed me at 14," she shares. "RCA welcomed me and Breyon Prescott and Peter Edge showed such passion for what I wanted to do." See the full article at Rolling Stone. Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone.
highlights: Brandy is hard at work on her sixth album . She recently wrapped the video for her first single, a duet with Monica . Singer-songwriter Frank Ocean is also contributing to her new project .
id: 92171295fbbb24339200972d18b691861b03ae6d
chatgpt: R&B singer Brandy is gearing up for the release of her sixth studio album, which promises to be a highly anticipated piece of work for her fans. The singer has been hard at work on the new project and has been keeping details of the album under wraps until now. With the release of her first single featuring a duet with Monica and contributions from Frank Ocean, Brandy is set to make a major comeback. Brandy and Monica's collaboration on the new album is a return to the partnership that propelled them to fame in the '90s with their hit song "The Boy is Mine." This time around, their new single is titled "Trenches," which has been described as a soulful ballad. The song's video was recently wrapped up and is set to be released in the coming weeks, with Brandy and Monica hoping to evoke the same magic they had over two decades ago. In addition to the collaboration with Monica, Brandy has also enlisted the help of singer-songwriter Frank Ocean on her new album. While details of the collaborations and songs have not been released, the singer has hinted that Frank will bring a fresh sound to the project. Brandy has not released an album in eight years, and the contributions of these two musical powerhouses are sure to create a buzz in the industry. Brandy has also confirmed that the new album will maintain the R&B sound that her fans have come to expect from her. In her recent interview with Rolling Stone, the singer said that the new album will be "classic Brandy." She added that she intended to take her time with the album to ensure that it was perfect without any rush. The past decade has been a difficult one for Brandy. She has struggled with mental health issues, including depression and anxiety, and has had to deal with personal setbacks as well. However, the singer says that she has used her difficulties as inspiration for her new album. Brandy has stated that music has always been her escape, and the new album is an opportunity for her to share her experiences with her fans. The new album marks a significant milestone for Brandy, who has been in the music industry for over 25 years. Her debut album, released in 1994, was a massive hit, and she has since gone on to release several more successful albums. The new album promises to be a testament to her longevity in the industry and her ability to keep reinventing herself. In conclusion, Brandy's upcoming album promises to be a highly anticipated project for her fans. The singer has enlisted the help of Monica and Frank Ocean to create a fresh sound that is bound to delight listeners. The new album maintains Brandy's classic R&B sound, and the singer has used her past struggles as inspiration for the project. With the release of her first single already, the excitement is building up, and her sixth studio album can't arrive quickly enough.