article: Jose Mourinho has revealed he wants to remain in charge of Chelsea for the next decade and bring plenty of silverware to Stamford Bridge - starting with this season's Premier League title. The 52-year-old is hopeful his side can go on and secure a first title in five years this term, while stating he is very content with how things are currently going for him in England. In an interview with BT Sport Mourinho said: 'I like the club, I like the players, I like the fans, I like the Premier League a lot. Jose Mourinho looks on from the sidelines during Chelsea's game against Everton on Wednesday night . The Chelsea boss handed Juan Cuadrado his full debut against the Toffees at Stamford Bridge . Mourinho told BT Sports' Ray Stubbs that he can see himself in charge of Chelsea for another 10 years . 'In some moments I don’t understand a few things, but that doesn’t change my fantastic feeling about the Premier League. 'I’m very, very happy. If somebody tells me I’m going to make ten years at Chelsea, I would say yes. 'I’m happy to be a part of this new Chelsea, and hopefully I can stay for many years.' Mourinho (left) sat down with Stubbs earlier this week to discuss all things Chelsea . The 52-year-old says the title race is far from over - despite the Blues holding a seven-point cushion at the top . Mourinho, who has won the Premier League twice with Chelsea, celebrates title triumph in May 2005 . Despite holding a seven-point cushion over second-placed Manchester City, Mourinho believes the title race is far from over yet. He added: 'With 14 matches to go. We are speaking about 42 points, that’s a lot of points. But we know that we have 7 points more than the second, ten to the third and 14 to the fourth. 'And in this moment every match we win, every point we get, we get a little bit closer, but it’s still too far.' Jose Mourinho was speaking exclusively to BT Sport ahead of Chelsea’s game against Everton. Watch Chelsea v Everton  live on BT Sport 1 from 7pm Wednesday evening.
highlights: Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League . The Blues are closing in on their first title in five years . Manager Jose Mourinho insists there is still a long way to go in the title race though, and anything can happen with 14 games to go . Mourinho says he can see himself staying at Chelsea for another 10 years .
id: 8bf1059d092e35c3b4e9fb8b2efd0729765d269f
chatgpt: Chelsea Football Club has put themselves in a commanding position in the Premier League, currently sitting seven points clear at the top of the table. The Blues are now closing in on their first league title in five years, a prospect that excites their fans and players alike. Despite their lead, Manager Jose Mourinho is not taking anything for granted as he insists there is still a long way to go in the title race. With only 14 games left, Mourinho believes that anything can happen, and Chelsea’s focus must be sharp and committed in every match. In a recent press conference, Mourinho said, “We still have a lot of work to do, and anything can happen. There are still tough games ahead, and our opponents will try everything to beat us. We can’t afford to be complacent or rest on our laurels. We have to fight until the end.” However, Mourinho also revealed his long-term commitment to Chelsea. He stated that he can see himself staying with the club for another 10 years, which would undoubtedly be music to the ears of Chelsea fans who adore ‘The Special One.’ Mourinho has built a strong and competitive team that has bounced back from their title disappointment last season. Chelsea have a strong and balanced squad, with top-notch players such as Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, and Cesar Azpilicueta leading the way. Hazard, in particular, has been in excellent form this season, with his goals and assists crucial to Chelsea's success. The Belgian forward is among the top scorers in the league, and his trickery and pace have made him one of the most feared players in Europe. Chelsea’s title challenge resumes this weekend, as they travel to face Aston Villa. With Manchester City and Arsenal faltering this season, Chelsea has a good chance of pulling away at the top of the table, but Mourinho will know that they cannot afford to be complacent. The Blues are looking to cement their place at the top of English football, and with Mourinho at the helm, anything is possible for this resurgent Chelsea side. Mourinho's vision for the future of the club is an added motivation for the players, who will be looking to reward their manager’s faith in them by lifting the Premier League trophy come May.