article: Sepp Blatter wants to give managers the ability to challenge referee’s calls during stops in play. Speaking for the Soccerex event in Manchester, the FIFA president – who confirmed he will once again stand for re-election – says managers could, once or twice a half, question the referee’s decision. When a decision is challenged the manager and referee will watch the decision on an off-pitch monitor and the referee can choose whether to overturn his decision. VIDEO Sepp Blatter discussing Qatar and Russia with Jeff Powell ahead of Soccerex . New ideas: Sepp Blatter hopes to trial the new system at the U20 tournament in New Zealand next year . Blatter also insisted that the 'call system' would not work like the third-umpire in cricket, as the power to overturn would remain with the referee. The 78-year-old also suggested he would like to trial the new system - which, he says, could only be used in games where television companies are present - in the U20 World Cup in New Zealand. In an exclusive interview with Sportsmail, he said: ‘The next step I will propose to the international board to try and bring this so-called ‘call’ that the coaches or team managers have the right in the half, twice or once to have a call to challenge a refereeing decision but only when the game has stopped. ‘Then there must be a monitor by the television company, then the referee and coach look at it and the referee may then change his mind as is the case in tennis for instance. Continuity: Blatter announced he is to continue as FIFA president for the fifth term running . ‘In American football, the chief referee figure does not look at the evidence. That is done by someone off the pitch as it is done in cricket. It is referred to another referee or umpire, but you are going to engage the referee. ‘He can look at it, but he made the decision that was wrong so he has to change it. ‘I hope to bring it to the attention and hopefully we can find a league, semi-professional or professional that will try to do it. 'It can only be done where there is television coverage of all the matches, or in one of FIFA’s competitions, a youth competition in FIFA to do so, an Under 20 like next year we are in New Zealand so we could test such a ‘challenge calls’.’
highlights: The FIFA president wants a new system in place in football for managers to challenge referee's calls . Ultimately the power would remain in the hands of the referee though unlike in third-umpire cricket . Blatter says he hopes to trial the new system at the U20 World Cup in New Zealand next year .
id: def7ef92ebc89d90b46f6363bf1c27431f1b5e73
chatgpt: In a bid to increase the accuracy of refereeing decisions in football, FIFA President Sepp Blatter has proposed the introduction of a new system to allow managers to challenge calls made by the referee. Unlike in cricket, where third umpires have the final say, the ultimate power would remain with the on-field referee in football. Blatter expressed hope that the new system would be implemented for the upcoming U20 World Cup in New Zealand next year. He stated that the new system would allow football managers to challenge up to two decisions made by the referee during a match, with the use of technology to aid in decision-making. In football, referees currently have some assistance from goal-line technology to determine whether a ball has crossed the line for a goal or not. Blatter's proposed new system would extend the use of technology by giving managers more control over the refereeing decisions. The new system has been met with mixed reactions from coaches and officials within the football community. Some have argued that it would slow down the game and disrupt the flow, as well as potentially create more controversies. Others, however, have welcomed the proposal, saying that it would increase transparency and accountability in the sport. Coaches and players have long lamented incorrect decisions by referees that can affect the outcome of a match, and Blatter's proposal is seen as a step in the right direction in addressing this issue. Blatter has emphasized that the new system would not replace the judgment of the on-field referee, but rather complement it. He has also hinted at the possibility of implementing the system in other FIFA-sanctioned tournaments if the trial at the U20 World Cup proves successful. Currently, football referees have to make split-second decisions on the pitch, with no option for recourse or appeal if a decision is deemed incorrect by the players or coaching staff. Blatter's proposal seeks to address this issue by giving coaches more responsibility in the decision-making process, while still maintaining the authority of the referee as the ultimate decision-maker. If successful, the new system could be a game-changer in the world of football, improving the accuracy of refereeing decisions and ensuring a fairer playing field for all teams. The FIFA president's proposal has sparked meaningful discussions around the world, with many eagerly anticipating the trial at the U20 World Cup in New Zealand.