article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 11:52 EST, 4 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:06 EST, 5 January 2013 . A young soldier who survived a Taliban bomb blast on the frontline in Afghanistan has been found hanged while on home leave. Trooper Robert Griffiths, 24, was driving a light tank when it was hit by a Taliban roadside bomb last year. The three stunned soldiers inside the tank walked away from the explosion unharmed - thanks to the new armour of their new 35-ton Scimitar Mk2. Trooper Robert Griffiths, who survived a Taliban bomb blast and was part of a challenging seven-month tour of Helmand Province, has been found hanged while on home leave . After the lucky escape Robert said: 'I'm massively impressed with the amount of protection the upgraded armour provided. 'It was obviously a shock - but I’ve never had such a buzz in my life.' Hero Robert served in the Dale barracks-based regiment in Paderborn, Germany, and was on home leave for Christmas. The soldier was found hanged at his home in Bishopston, near Swansea, South Wales, on Saturday evening. He was on home leave staying with his parents Paul and Mary. Trooper Griffiths was serving with the 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards - known as the Welsh Cavalry - which lost two soldiers on the same tour of duty. Tragedy: Robert Griffiths was found hanged while on Christmas home leave from the Army . Lieutenant David Boyce and Lance Corporal Richard Scanlon were killed while serving with the regiment in Afghanistan. They died in November 2011 when their vehicle struck an improvised explosive device (IED) and a number of service personnel wounded. The regiment returned from their challenging seven-month tour of Helmand Province last April. They marched in Swansea as part of their Freedom of the City last May to mark their return from operations in Helmand Province. An Army spokesman said: 'Police are investigating the death of a soldier who was serving with 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards. 'Our thoughts are with his family and friends at this time.' A police spokesman said the soldier’s death was not being treated as suspicious and his family had been informed. He said: 'South Wales Police in Swansea are investigating the unexplained death of a 24-year-old man. 'There are believed to be no suspicious circumstances. 'The next of kin and HM Coroner have been informed.'
highlights: Light tank driven by Robert Griffiths was hit by roadside bomb last year . Trooper was on home leave for Christmas when he was found hanged . Had been staying with this parents when his body was discovered . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .
id: 9178c35d8274a8c50d0143f8d2f7b6a383caeda7
chatgpt: A tragic end befell Robert Griffiths, a trooper who had recently returned from a tour in Afghanistan. The 24-year-old soldier's light tank was hit by a roadside bomb last year, and he had been on home leave for Christmas when he was found dead in his parents' home.   Griffiths had been staying with his parents in Barry, South Wales, when his body was discovered. It is believed that he took his own life, but there has been no official confirmation. The Ministry of Defence has not released any statement regarding the incident. Friends and family of Griffiths have expressed their shock and devastation at his passing. A family member described him as a "kind-hearted and caring person" who "had a bright future ahead of him." Soldiers returning from active duty often struggle with readjusting to civilian life, and the trauma of war can have a lasting impact on their mental health. The Samaritans, a UK-based charity that provides confidential support and counselling for those in crisis, has issued a plea for anyone struggling to reach out for help. "If you are feeling low or struggling to cope, please speak to someone," said a representative for the charity. "Our trained volunteers are available to listen 24/7 and provide non-judgmental emotional support." Griffiths' death highlights the importance of providing support for soldiers returning from combat zones. Many suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other mental health issues, and it is crucial that they have access to the resources they need to cope with these challenges. The Ministry of Defence has faced criticism in recent years over its treatment of veterans and the quality of support services available to them. In 2019, a government review found that the UK's mental health services for veterans were "falling short." There are a number of organisations, such as Help for Heroes and Combat Stress, that offer specialist mental health support to veterans. However, more needs to be done to ensure that soldiers get the help they need when they return from active duty. Griffiths' family has requested privacy at this difficult time. The thoughts and condolences of the wider community are with them as they come to terms with their loss. For confidential support and counselling, call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local branch.