article: The Fed Express rolls out of Shanghai with no signs of slowing down yet. Roger Federer beat Frenchman Gilles Simon to win his first Shanghai Masters crown Sunday and his fourth title of the season. The victory will move him above Rafael Nadal, who has been laid low with appendicitis, and up to second in the world rankings. "Usually everything slows down at the end of the season," Federer told reporters in China. "Not for me this time. "This year everything is going really well. I have so many highlights to look forward to for the end of the season, which is nice." With just a handful of events to go until next month's season finale in London, Federer could still mathematically challenge Novak Djokovic to end the year as the world No.1. The 33-year-old Swiss ace beat Djokovic - who arguably inflicted more pain by defeating Federer in the summer's Wimbledon final -- in the semifinals in Shanghai. "I'm not even going to change my schedule because of it," Federer reflected on the possibility of regaining the number one spot. "I haven't thought about it, to be quite honest. I mean, it's in Novak's racquet. He dictates. "But nevertheless, I'm still going to be playing and hopefully playing well again." Federer did not have it easy against Simon, who took the Swiss to a tiebreak in the opening set and had set point at 6-5 up. But the 17-time grand slam champion snuffed out the threat to take the first set breaker 8-6. The match was settled by another tiebreak in the second set which Federer duly closed out more comfortably for a 76 76 victory. There was more good news for Swiss tennis fans as Stan Wawrinka qualified for the World Tour Finals in London. Federer, Djokovic, Nadal and Wawrinka are the only four qualifiers so far in the elite eight-man competitions, which begins on 9 November.
highlights: Roger Federer wins first Shanghai Masters title with victory over Gilles Simon . The 33-year-old Swiss will now move above Rafael Nadal in world rankings . Federer says he won't change schedule for chance to regain world No.1 spot . But the 17-time grand slam champion says he's not slowing down yet .
id: 86017f0d3c5858d513ac6d91815815082d1204bb
chatgpt: In a stunning victory, 33-year-old Swiss tennis star Roger Federer has won the Shanghai Masters title, defeating Gilles Simon in an intense match. This marks the first time that Federer has claimed the title at the Shanghai Masters, a win that moves him above Rafael Nadal in the world rankings. Despite the boost in rankings, Federer has revealed that he won't be making any changes to his schedule in order to take a shot at regaining the world No.1 spot. However, Federer has stated that he's not planning on slowing down anytime soon. "I think I've got to take care of my body, my schedule, my family," Federer said. "I'm not chasing rankings, I'm not chasing anything really. I'm just playing week in and week out and enjoying myself. I just felt like I was on a great run already, I'm happy to keep it up." This sentiment was reflected in Federer's performance throughout the Shanghai Masters, as he maintained a high level of play throughout multiple matches. Federer's skill on the court is widely recognized, with 17 grand slam championships under his belt. Despite the win, Federer remains focused on his overall performance and maintaining a steady pace of play. "I'm focused on next year," Federer said. "I'm not sure what's going to come from here on out, but I'm excited about the future." Federer's victory at the Shanghai Masters is a testament to his enduring talent and dedication to his craft. As he continues to play at a high level, tennis fans around the world will undoubtedly be watching with bated breath to see what records he breaks next.