article: ISIS has filmed the destruction of a large cannabis stash near the besieged city of Aleppo and uploaded the action onto a radical Islamic website. The terrorists found the drugs in a shed in the village of Characola, near Aleppo and carted outside using a wheelbarrow. The 50kg stash would be worth in the region of £500,000 if it was smuggled into the UK, was doused in an inflammable liquid before being set alight. The terrorist pours an inflammable liquid onto the burning pile of cannabis risking an explosion . An ISIS terrorist removes the cannabis from a shed near Aleppo using a wheelbarrow . The drugs, which would be worth more than £500,000 in the UK were piled into the middle of a courtyard . One terrorist showing little regard for health and safety guidance continued to pour the fuel onto the fire as it burned. ISIS claimed that the information was released by the 'Information Office of the mandate of Aleppo'. The terrorist organisation has been destroying cannabis farms discovered in its territory. ISIS claims to be against the use and cultivation of drugs such as cannabis and heroin, unlike the Taliban in Afghanistan who 'tax' farmers to be allowed to grow the lucrative crop. A report issued late last year by the United Nations found that more than half-a-million acres of land is being used to grow opium. It is believed that 6,400 tonnes of opium was produced in 2014, slightly down on the record 7,400 tonnes in 2007. The survey claimed: 'In 2014, opium prices decreased in all regions of Afghanistan. One probable reason for the decrease was an increase in supply due to an increase in production.' Several boxes full of drugs were also tossed onto the pile, including one with the name 'Brilliant' Despite the intoxicating fumes, the terrorist continues to pile the drugs on top of the burning mound . Eventually both men retreat to a safe distance while the drugs burn vigorously in the courtyard .
highlights: Two ISIS terrorists remove the cannabis stash from a shed in Aleppo . The drugs are piled onto the centre of a courtyard and set alight . The men continue to dump cannabis on the flaming pyre despite the fumes . Ignoring health and safety guidelines, one man poured fuel onto the fire . The drugs would have had a UK street value of more than £500,000 .
id: 2417b8f18817ba0ba094eea2a26417ae8da47ce7
chatgpt: Two ISIS terrorists have been captured on camera burning a vast amount of cannabis in the centre of a courtyard in Aleppo. Despite the potential health hazards posed by inhaling the potent drugs, the men continued to pile the cannabis onto the flaming pyre, ignoring all safety guidelines. Even more alarmingly, one of the men added fuel to the blaze, intensifying the smoke and fumes. The drugs were reportedly taken from a shed in the area and were said to have a UK street value of more than £500,000. It is unclear at this stage how and when they came into the terrorists' possession. The footage, which was released by an anonymous source, shows piles of cannabis being heaped onto a makeshift bonfire as the two men looked on. One of the terrorists is seen holding a large can of fuel, which he uses to douse the pyre. The resulting blaze was fierce, and the smoke could be seen for miles around. Drug use and trafficking are prohibited in many parts of the world, including the UK, where cannabis is classified as a Class B controlled substance. The sale and distribution of cannabis can result in a lengthy prison sentence in the UK, as well as in many other countries. It is still unclear what the terrorists intended to do with the drugs, or if they had any involvement with drug trafficking operations outside of Syria. However, their reckless and dangerous behavior is an ongoing concern to those who live and work in peaceful communities around the world. Despite efforts by law enforcement agencies and governments to crack down on drug trafficking, it remains a significant problem in many areas, with smugglers and traffickers looking for new ways to transport, conceal and distribute their illegal wares. The release of this footage will serve as a warning to those who seek to traffic drugs, as well as a stark reminder of the dangers posed by extremist groups such as ISIS. It also highlights the need for continued efforts to combat drug trafficking and associated crimes to prevent them from having devastating effects on communities and individuals across the globe.