article: Earlier this week US confectionery giant Hershey's declared legal war on its British counterpart for allegedly making their goods too similar to those favoured by American consumers. If successful, the bid would strip British specialist stores such as Tea & Sympathy and Myers Of Keswick, in New York's West Village, of one of their key selling points. It comes years after rumours swirled of an attempted takeover of the British go-to brand Cadbury by Hershey's owner Kraft Foods. American favourite: US confectioners Hershey's have launched a legal bid to remove Cadbury's products . Best of British: Fans of the Cadbury's Dairy Milk in America complained, saying they preferred the UK treat to home-grown alternatives . The two companies quietly reached a deal in 1988 allowing the production of Dairy Milk and other British treats with slight tweaks to recipes and packaging. In recent weeks British consumers have also protested at alleged plans of Cadbury's US owners to change the Creme Egg recipe. Mondelez changed the recipe for the sweet fondant-filled snack so that the shell is made from a 'standard, traditional Cadbury milk chocolate' instead of the popular Cadbury Dairy Milk. Critics also complained over plans to remove one of the eggs from the standard pack of six. But while Hershey's claims allege harmful similarities between the two, subtle discrepancies between the two recipes mean the American and British chocolates are in fact markedly different. With British standards requiring products to contain at least 20 per cent cocoa solids to be categorised as chocolate, its regarded as more delicious across the world. US: 10 per cent cocoa solids . Britain: 20 per cent cocoa solids . US: South American beans . Britain: West African beans . US: Some goods contain the additive PGPR used as cheaper cocoa butter alternative . Generally, ingredients found in American chocolate bars are cheaper than those in British counterparts. Indeed when news of Hershey's legal threat broke, US natives were quick to jump to the defence of Creme Eggs and Toffee Crisps. 'I'm a proud American but I hate Hershey's and have loved Cadbury's since I was a kid,' one Twitter user said, while another described the home-grown alternative as 'pure garbage'. Many chalk the more bitter taste of Hershey's down to food industry rules which mean only 10 per cent of its famous kisses need to be of pure cocoa solids for it to be considered chocolate. While only 11 per cent of Hershey's bars is made of cocoa, it makes up almost a quarter of a bar of Dairy Milk. Another reason for varying tastes is the source of each's beans. Most companies keep their recipes closely under wraps, though it's understood American confectioners prefer South American beans while the British tend to opt for those grown in West Africa. A fundamental difference in taste stems from where cocoa beans are sourced, with British brands opting for West African produce while US companies pluck from the fields of South America .
highlights: British standards require that at least a fifth of sweet is cocoa solids . In America however, only 10 per cent of ingredient is needed in treats . Geographical differences in cocoa beans contributes to taste differences . It comes as Hershey's tried to drive Cadbury's goods out of New York .
id: 8e801d8aee266357a66d926f2afe782cb7fc6b96
chatgpt: British standards require that at least a fifth of sweet is cocoa solids. This means that the makers of chocolate products in Britain must ensure that their chocolate treats contain a minimum of 20% cocoa solids. This regulation has been in place for decades and is said to contribute to the delicious taste of British chocolate. However, in America, only 10% of cocoa solids are required in sweet treats. The difference in regulations is due to the geographical differences in cocoa bean production. Cocoa beans from different regions have varying flavors, and this is reflected in the taste of chocolate products made from them. The recent push by Hershey's to drive Cadbury's goods out of New York has brought this issue to the forefront. Hershey's, one of the largest chocolate makers in America, has been lobbying for stricter regulations on the cocoa content of chocolate treats. The company claims that this would level the playing field for American chocolate makers and improve the quality of American chocolate products. On the other hand, Cadbury's has been a firm advocate of the lower cocoa standard in America. The company states that the lower standard allows for more creativity in creating new flavors and product varieties. They argue that the British chocolate market is more limited in this regard due to the stringent regulations. The debate over cocoa standards is not new, and it has been raging for years. However, the recent push by Hershey's to limit the sale of Cadbury's products in New York has brought the issue to the forefront once again. Some experts believe that the stricter regulations would ultimately benefit both American and British chocolate makers. For American chocolate makers, the higher cocoa standard would provide an opportunity to improve the quality of their products. It would also allow them to compete more effectively with international brands that have a reputation for producing high-quality chocolate products. For British chocolate makers, the higher cocoa standard is nothing new. They have been adhering to this standard for decades, and they have still managed to create some of the most delicious chocolate treats in the world. However, the more stringent regulations in Britain have limited their creativity in creating new flavors and varieties. In conclusion, the debate over cocoa standards is likely to continue for years to come. Hershey's push to drive Cadbury's out of New York is just the latest skirmish in a long-running battle between American and British chocolate makers. Whatever the outcome, it's clear that chocolate lovers on both sides of the pond will continue to savor their favorite treats, regardless of the cocoa content.