article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israeli authorities late Thursday forcibly evacuated hundreds of Palestinian demonstrators from a recently created camp. The actions Thursday night into Friday followed what the Palestinian Popular Struggle Coordination Committee, an activist group, described as an "Army siege" of their encampment in Ein Hijleh. Located in the central Jordan Valley not far from Jericho, Ein Hijleh was hatched a week ago by Palestinian activists on West Bank land that belongs to the Greek Orthodox Church. A spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said authorities moved in -- after having given ample warning to the demonstrators "to independently evacuate"-- "due to rock hurling earlier this week at the main Jordan Valley route and other legal considerations." "The agitators were evacuated," according to the military spokesman, by Israeli troops, border guard personnel and police. Video of the raid aired on Palestinian TV showed hundreds of Israeli troops and police entering Ein Hijleh on foot. Dr. Mustafa Barghouti, an independent Palestinian lawmaker who heads a medical relief group, said he saw bulldozers and other vehicles accompany the Israeli authorities into the camp using stun grenades and physically manhandling those inside, including women and children. At least 24 people -- including at least one with broken ribs -- needed medical treatment for their injuries, Barghouti told CNN early Friday. The Palestinian Popular Struggle Coordination Committee later tweeted that 35 people were being cared for -- some of them in intensive care -- at a hospital in Jericho, which is about 24 kilometers (15 miles) east of Jerusalem. The Palestinian activist group claimed that before the forced evacuation, Israeli forces had cut off water pipes into Ein Hijleh five times over two days and targeted vehicles carrying food and water. The group said that "local and international solidarity groups (visited) the village," as did members of various Palestinian organizations, six European diplomats and Greek Orthodox Archbishop Atallah Hanna, who "declared his full support." "Our will is strong and we will return," said Barghouti, vowing that activists would return to the site soon. This incident isn't the first time that Israeli authorities have forced out Palestinian activists who have hastily and defiantly set up such tent cities. In January 2013, for instance, hundreds of Israeli police swarmed such a makeshift camp in part of the West Bank -- called Bab Alshams by protesters and dubbed E1 by Israel -- over Israel's settlement activity there. CNN's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem and Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Atlanta. CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
highlights: Palestinian activists set up an encampment that they called Ein Hijleh . Israeli troops, police forced them out; Palestinian groups say that dozens were hurt in the process . IDF official: Action came "due to rock hurling ... and other legal considerations" "Our will is strong, and we will return," a Palestinian activist says .
id: 132406594d7e7e335ed5e9a00a2bcb2670b68b37
chatgpt: Palestinian activists set up an encampment they called Ein Hijleh in the Jordan Valley, in the West Bank on Friday. The activists pitched tents and set up makeshift structures in the dilapidated village, which was occupied by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war. However, their presence was short-lived as Israeli troops and police forced them out. Palestinian groups say that dozens of people were hurt during the forceful eviction. The Israeli Defense Force (IDF) claimed that the action was "due to rock hurling at Israeli security forces and other legal considerations." However, Palestinian activists dispute this claim and insist that they were peaceful throughout the protest. The activists were attempting to assert their right to return to their ancestral land, which was taken by Israeli forces over 50 years ago. "Our will is strong, and we will return," stated Mustafa Barghouti, a Palestinian activist who participated in the protest. Barghouti claimed that the eviction showed that Israeli authorities were "afraid of peaceful protests" and were not interested in political dialogue. Ein Hijleh was originally a Palestinian village located in the Jordan Valley. It was forcibly evacuated by Israeli forces in 1967, during the Middle East war, as part of the wider campaign of ethnic cleansing. Now, the village is a ghost town, destroyed and abandoned, with no public services and no residents. The Palestinian activists set up their encampment on what they claim is the village's original land. The Israeli government is under increasing pressure from the international community to withdraw from occupied territories, including the West Bank and Gaza. However, the Israeli government remains committed to its policy of settlement expansion and has continued to build new settlements in Palestinian territories. The eviction of the Palestinian activists from their makeshift encampment is just one example of the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians. Peace talks have stalled, and tensions between the two sides remain high. In the absence of a political solution, Palestinian activists are likely to continue using peaceful protests to assert their right to return to their ancestral land. In conclusion, the eviction of Palestinian activists from Ein Hijleh was yet another reminder of the unresolved conflict in the Middle East. The international community has called for a peaceful resolution to the conflict, but the Israeli government remains committed to its policy of settlement expansion. The eviction has left dozens of people injured, but the Palestinian activists remain determined to continue their struggle for justice and equality.