article: Atlanta (CNN) -- An investigation is underway in northwest Georgia after a police officer shot and killed 17-year-old Christopher Roupe. There are conflicting reports as to what happened. According to an affidavit dated Friday, two police officers went to a home in Euharlee, Georgia, to serve probation violation arrest warrants. One officer went to the front door while another took a position on the northeast corner of the residence, the affidavit says. The officer at the door knocked and could hear someone from inside coming to the door. Before it opened, that officer heard what she believed was the action of a firearm, at which point the officer drew her weapon, the affidavit says. "A male subject opened the front door pointing a pistol ... and pulled the trigger," the affidavit reads. The officer fired one round. A statement from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation basically echoes the court document. It does not mention the officer having heard the action of a firearm, but said that Roupe opened the door with a drawn handgun. The officer called for medical assistance. The teenager was then transported to a hospital and pronounced dead, said the GBI, which is conducting an investigation into the use of force. A lawyer for Roupe's family offers a different account of the shooting. According to attorney Cole Law, eyewitness testimony establishes that Roupe was holding a Wii Remote, not a handgun, when he opened the door. The teenager heard a knock, asked who it was, received no response, opened the door and was immediately shot in the chest, Law said. Roupe's father, sister and brother were home at the time. Law described Roupe as a great kid. He attended Woodland High School, in nearby Cartersville, where he was in the ROTC program and dreamed of joining the Marines. "The story that he pointed a gun at the officer defies everything we know about him," said Law.
highlights: Authorities say Christopher Roupe, 17, pointed a handgun at the officer . A family attorney says the teenager was just holding a Wii Remote . The GBI promises an investigation into the use of force .
id: 74b98ee1074483c11c6f09198451096e8ded55b9
chatgpt: A 17-year-old teenager, identified as Christopher Roupe, was fatally shot by a police officer in Euharlee, Georgia. The incident happened on Friday night when the officer, responding to a 911 call about a possible burglar, arrived at the scene. Authorities say that the teenager pointed a handgun at the officer, who then fired their weapon. However, the family’s attorney, Cole Law, disputes this narrative. Law claims that Roupe was actually holding a Wii remote, not a handgun, at the time of the shooting. According to Law, Roupe was in the process of opening the door to welcome his friends for a movie night when he was shot. The family is devastated by their son’s shooting, and Law says they want answers. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation (GBI) is now investigating the incident to determine if the use of force was justified. GBI spokesperson, Nelly Miles says that the agency will conduct a thorough review and provide a report of their findings. Miles added that it's not uncommon for the GBI to investigate officer-involved shootings in the state. The shooting has left the community shocked and saddened. A vigil was held on Saturday night in honor of Roupe's memory. Friends and loved ones shared stories of his kindness and sense of humor, and called for justice to be served. Many also expressed concern about the use of force by police officers. This incident comes as police shootings have once again become a hot-button issue across the United States. Many communities are calling for changes in police tactics and increased accountability for officers involved in shootings. This incident will surely add fuel to the national debate about police use of force. As the investigation into the shooting of Christopher Roupe continues, the community waits for answers. The family and friends of the teenager are grieving and hoping that the truth will come out. The GBI promises a thorough investigation, but only time will tell if justice will be served.