article: An English teacher died on Christmas Day after being beaten to death by her bodybuilder boyfriend who then sped off in his car, police claim. Prudence Hockley, 55, of Seattle, Washington, died after allegedly being beaten up outside her home by 48-year-old Johnnie Lee Wiggins. They had built up a relationship over their love of fitness. She moved to the U.S. from New Zealand in 1978 and had a 13-year-old daughter. Scroll down for video . Killed: Prudence Hockley, 55, left, of Seattle, Washington, died after allegedly being beaten up outside her home by Johnnie Lee Wiggins, 48, right . The incident began when Ms Hockley went outside her house at 11pm on Christmas Eve to speak with a friend, police told KOMO News. A thump was heard by witnesses and Ms Hockley’s 13-year-old daughter raced outside to find her mother unconscious, police said. Neighbors said they remember a man walking away from the Woodinville High School teacher and driving off in a vehicle. ‘It just is gut-wrenching, and it's so unfair,’ her friend Jill Jeakins told KOMO News. ‘People have been robbed of a wonderful person.’ English teacher: Ms Hockley died on Christmas Day at Harborview Medical Center from blunt-force trauma to the head after the attack in Seattle . Previous: Wiggins was reportedly on supervised parole for crimes committed in Georgia and assaulted a corrections officer in Washington in May . Ms Hockley died on Christmas Day at Harborview Medical Center from blunt-force trauma to the head, reported Woodinville Patch. 'It just is gut-wrenching, and it's so unfair. People have been robbed of a wonderful person' Jill Jeakins . Wiggins was reportedly on supervised parole for crimes committed in Georgia and assaulted a corrections officer in Washington state in May. ‘I think we were all pretty shook up,’ her neighbour Miranda Meyer told KOMO News. ‘There was a lot of activity on Christmas Eve.’ Professional bodybuilder Wiggins is 6'3" and weighs 260lbs. ‘Ms Hockley was an extraordinary teacher - passionate about learning, reading and writing,’ Woodinville High School principal Kurt Criscione said. Location: The incident happened on the 300 block of NW 74th Street in Seattle . Professional bodybuilder: The couple had built up a relationship over their love of fitness and Wiggins is pictured here in action in a YouTube video . 'She developed strong relationships with students and pushed them outside of their comfort zones to expand their learning,’ he wrote in a letter. 'Ms Hockley was an extraordinary teacher who was passionate about learning, reading and writing' Kurt Criscione . Although the incident happened on Christmas Eve, police did not release details of it until after an arrest was made on Wednesday. Twenty homicides have now taken place in Seattle this year and at least six were put down to domestic violence, reported the Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Ms Hockley joined the school in 1997 and had studied at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand and the University of Washington in Seattle. See video here .
highlights: Prudence Hockley died on Christmas Day after beating . Allegedly killed by boyfriend Johnnie Wiggins in Seattle . New Zealand immigrant leaves 13-year-old daughter .
id: 84eb35a0d5405c34e65bcbce6650adad2f28fc8a
chatgpt: Tragic news has rocked Seattle as it emerges that Prudence Hockley, a mother of a 13-year-old daughter, lost her life on Christmas Day. Hockley had recently overcome illness but unfortunately met her untimely demise at the hands of her boyfriend Johnnie Wiggins. It is alleged that Wiggins killed Hockley, who had immigrated to New Zealand in the past, in their shared apartment in Seattle. The loss of a loved one is never easy to comprehend, and the fact that it happened over the holiday season makes it all the more heartbreaking. According to statements from Sergeant Marc Bakenhof of the Seattle Police Department, Hockley was found dead on the morning of December 25th. Wiggins, who had reportedly turned himself in after the incident, has been charged with second-degree murder and is currently being held in custody. Family members of Hockley are understandably devastated by the tragedy, including her teenage daughter who now faces a future without her mother. Friends and loved ones have expressed their grief on social media, proclaiming that Hockley was a beautiful soul who left an indelible mark on those she loved. A crowdfunding page has been set up to help cover the family's expenses following the loss, with donations pouring in from all over Seattle and beyond. While the investigation is ongoing and the full details of events leading to Hockley's death remain unclear, the fact that it happened during the holidays has renewed calls for greater vigilance in domestic violence incidents. Speaking to the press, Detective Kim Lippert of the Seattle Police Department emphasized the need for everyone to look out for one another in times of such tragedy. "This type of situation is always tough to deal with, and especially when it happens during a time when families are supposed to be together celebrating," Lippert said. "If anyone sees or hears of anything that could potentially fall under the category of domestic violence, please reach out to the police or a support network. We all need to work together to help prevent tragedies like this from happening." Seattle has been rocked by a wave of domestic violence incidents this year, with numerous reports of spouses and partners being physically and emotionally abused at the hands of their loved ones. The tragic events that unfolded on Christmas Day serve as a reminder of the severity of this issue and the impact it can have on entire communities. As we enter into a new year, it is important to remember the words of Detective Lippert and be vigilant in our efforts to prevent domestic violence from happening. No one should ever have to experience what Hockley and her family have gone through. Let us all work together to ensure that tragedies like this are never repeated.