article: (CNN) -- Part of the solution to end drug violence in Mexico should include legalizing drugs like marijuana for personal use, former President Vicente Fox told CNN en Espanol. "In order to get out of this trap (of drug violence caused by organized crime), I'm specifically proposing the legalization of the drug," Fox said during a visit to Puerto Rico, where he was speaking at a conference for small business owners in the city of Fajardo. Fox advocated decriminalizing marijuana in a 2009 interview with CNN en Espanol. Since then, he has repeatedly called on officials to rethink drug laws. In an interview that aired on CNN en Espanol Tuesday, he also said the Mexican government should "retire the army from the task of combating criminal gangs." Current Mexican President Felipe Calderon has sent as many as 50,000 troops to hot spots around Mexico to fight the drug cartels. The enforcement strategy is considered a pillar in Calderon's overall anti-drug policy. Both Calderon and Fox belong to the conservative PAN (National Action Party). Ex-President Fox, a former Coca-Cola executive who was the president of Mexico from 2000 to 2006, said the Mexican government should also "demand that the United States do its part." "The United States has a huge responsibility. It's not enough that they give us (Mexico) a tip, saying 'Here's 500 million dollars. Go do your homework. You can pay us back with blood and with dead bodies,' " Fox said. Mexican drug cartels buy their weapons and launder drug money in the United States, he said. Fox said Mexico has fallen into a trap "between the gigantic U.S. drug market and the (illicit) drug producers in South American countries like Colombia, Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador and others. Fox is not alone in advocating for legalization of some drugs for personal use. Two years ago, three former Latin American presidents proposed radical changes in drug policy for the region. Brazil's Fernando Henrique Cardoso, Colombia's Cesar Gaviria, and Mexico's Ernesto Zedillo wrote in the 2009 final report of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy that "Prohibitionist policies based on the eradication of production and on the disruption of drug flows as well as on the criminalization of consumption have not yielded the expected results. We are farther than ever from the announced goal of eradicating drugs." The same conclusion was reached by the U.N.'s Global Commission on Drug Policy last month. The commission, comprised of former presidents (including Fox), policymakers and leaders from all over the world, recommended that governments experiment with drug legalization, especially marijuana. CNN's Dania Alexandrino in Puerto Rico contributed to this report.
highlights: Vicente Fox says the current narcotics fight isn't working . The ex-leader also calls for withdrawing Mexico's army from fighting gangs . The United States must take some responsibility too, he says .
id: 5b154558b6d1d197061fb878dc07c0d9383146bd
chatgpt: Former Mexican President Vicente Fox is speaking out against the ongoing fight against drug cartels in the country, stating that the current approach is not working. He also called for the withdrawal of the army from the fight, and for the United States to take responsibility for its own role in the drug trade. In an interview with CNN, Fox expressed his frustration with the current state of the drug war in Mexico. He argued that the militarized approach, which has been in place for over a decade, has failed to produce any real results. "We've had this war on drugs for 13 years now, and it's clear that it hasn't worked," he said. "It hasn't reduced consumption, it hasn't reduced production, it hasn't reduced the size of the industry." As an alternative, Fox suggested that the government should focus more on reducing the demand for drugs, rather than just targeting the supply. He also called for greater investment in education and rehabilitation programs, as well as the legalization of certain drugs. "The solution is to treat drug addiction as a health problem, not a criminal problem," he said. "We need to create a society that doesn't normalize drug use and doesn't stigmatize drug users." In addition to his criticisms of the current approach, Fox also called for the Mexican army to withdraw from the fight against the cartels. He argued that the army's presence only serves to exacerbate the violence, and that it should be left to the police to deal with the gangs. "We need to demilitarize the fight against drugs," he said. "The army is not trained to deal with this kind of situation, and it only leads to more bloodshed." Finally, Fox called on the United States to take responsibility for its own role in the drug trade. He argued that the demand for drugs in the US is what fuels the cartels, and that the US should do more to reduce that demand. "They need to take responsibility for their own drug problem," he said. "They need to do more to reduce demand and to invest in treatment programs." Fox's comments come at a time of heightened tension between the US and Mexico over issues such as trade, immigration, and border security. However, he emphasized the need for both countries to work together to address the issue of drugs. "We are both suffering from this problem," he said. "We need to collaborate and find a solution that works for both of us." While Fox's proposals are unlikely to be implemented in the short term, his criticisms of the current approach to the drug war highlight the need for new and innovative strategies to tackle this complex issue.