article: By . Nick Purewal . Lleyton Hewitt is still targeting sole ownership of the record title haul at the Queen's Club Aegon Championships after easing into the second round. The 33-year-old Australian last won in Kensington in 2006 and shares the all-time record of four tournament victories with American Andy Roddick. Hewitt reached the semi-finals last year, before being dislodged by Marian Cilic - and believes that run sparked a resurgence in form leading to him claiming the Brisbane International title. Old stager: Lleyton Hewitt reached the second round of the Aegon Championships at Queens Club, London . High five? Australian 33-year-old beat Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-3 6-3 as he searches for a record fifth title . Hewitt saw off Roger Federer in January to land his first title in four years, and is aiming to sustain his hot streak after overcoming Spaniard Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-3, 6-3. "I'd love to win a fifth title here," said Hewitt. "That run I had last year was great. I felt like I got a lot of confidence out of that. "That set me up for a good US summer and a good US Open, beating Del Potro there as well. "I really love coming back to this tournament and playing well. "I love coming here, I just love the surroundings. "The setting was a fantastic crowd for a first day at Queen's where a lot of the top seeds have byes as well. "I felt pretty sharp out there, I've been hitting the ball well in practice, I felt good on the grass straight away. "The last few years it hasn't taken me long to adapt after clay, I'm fortunate in that way, but I come in with a positive mindset as well." Down and out:  Daniel Gimeno-Traver of Spain reacts after falling in his first round defeat to Lleyton Hewitt . Hewitt is still ranked 43 in the world, but said he has no interest in the statistics - instead he will chase that elusive fifth Queen's title and a positive run at Wimbledon. "I don't set any targets over that, I couldn't care less about my ranking," he said. "Obviously I want to win every tournament I enter, and every match I play. "The majors are still the top motivation, and in a couple of weeks' time it's one of the big ones for me."
highlights: Hewitt reached the second round of the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in London . Australian veteran beat Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-3, 6-3 . The 33-year-old is trying to win a record fifth title at the Wimbledon warm-up event .
id: f0d5e0ac57ac1c53e1d797f092b5446b9d77d404
chatgpt: Australian tennis veteran Lleyton Hewitt has successfully reached the second round of the Aegon Championships held at the iconic Queen's Club in London. Defeating his opponent Daniel Gimeno-Traver, Hewitt showcased impressive skills and tactics to clinch a 6-3, 6-3 win, thus securing a spot in the next round of the prestigious tournament. The 33-year-old Australian player has made headlines with his latest victory as he aims to win his fifth title at the Wimbledon warm-up event. Hewitt has a remarkable record at the Queen's Club tournament, having won the championship four times previously in his career, and he is now striving to become the first player in history to win the tournament five times.  The match between Hewitt and Gimeno-Traver was intense, with both players showcasing their skills and abilities throughout the game. However, Hewitt's experience and tactical prowess proved to be the difference as he claimed a relatively comfortable victory. The Australian displayed some exceptional shots and clever manoeuvres, which enabled him to keep his opponent on the back foot for much of the game. Hewitt's domination was clear from the start with his sublime reflexes and a range of winning shots which he employed as he sought to gain the upper hand over the Spanish player. His tactics seemed to work perfectly as he broke Gimeno-Traver's serve consistently throughout the game, thus building up a commanding lead. As the match progressed, Hewitt seemed to grow stronger and more confident, with his aggressive style of play eventually proving too much for his opponent. The veteran tennis player remained calm and composed throughout the game, leading to a confident victory which earns him a place in the next round of the tournament. Reflecting on his performance, Hewitt stated that he was pleased with his overall play on the court. He acknowledged that his opponent was tough and made life difficult for him at times, but he felt that he dealt with the challenge well, especially when it mattered.  Hewitt's latest victory has set him up for a potentially exciting campaign at the Aegon Championships, and indeed his hopes for Wimbledon still alive. The Australian player will undoubtedly be a player to watch out for as he sets his sights on etching his name further into history with a fifth title at Queen's Club.