article: By . Katy Winter . All we want for Christmas is to look like Kate, apparently, as the Duchess of Cambridge’s delicate nose tops the list of the most requested celebrity face parts by plastic surgery patients this year. If you thought she was lucky for finding love, marrying a prince and now expecting a baby, it seems her natural beauty can now be added on to the list of things to envy Kate for. Over the past year requests to plastic surgeons to look like Kate Middleton have trebled, new figures reveal. The Duchess of Cambridge has the most desired nose of plastic surgery patients, with requests trebling in 2012 . Natural beauty: Cheryl Cole's dimpled cheeks (left) and Myleene Klass's chin and jaw line (right) are some of the most requested body parts by plastic surgery patients . And the duchess is not the only celebrity we are willing to go under the knife to imitate. Cheryl Cole’s dimpled cheeks and Myleene Klass’s chin were other highly requested body parts by patients. While the bedroom eyes of Rosie Huntington-Whitley and the sexy full pout of X factor judge Nicole Scherzinger are also must-haves for women wanting to change their looks. Sultry and sexy: We want Rosie Huntington-Whitley's come hither eyes (left) and Nicole's perfect pout (right) And it's not just women who are turning to celebrities for inspiration when undergoing plastic surgery. There has been a jump in men citing star’s body parts as their ideal when going under the knife. Top of men’s wish lists is a jaw like heart throb Robert Pattinson, Ashton Kutcher’s chiseled cheeks and Zac Effron’s luscious locks and smouldering eyes. Heart throb:Voted the sexiest man alive  by Glamour and People magazines, Twilight actor Robert Pattinson has the jaw and chin most requested by men . Smoking hot: It seems men want Zac Efron's eyes and hair, while Jude Law has the most popular nose . Clearly hoping to fake their way to heart throb status, men also want the lips of Ryan Gosling and the nose of notoriously cheeky ladies’ man Jude Law. The figures have been released by the Transform Cosmetic Surgery Group who offer cosmetic procedures such as breast enlargement, face lifts, botox and liposuction and have seen a huge rise in people requesting specific celebrity body parts. A spokesman from the company said: ‘People are choosing celebrities who are sophisticated and naturally beautiful.’
highlights: Kate's nose was also popular last year but requests trebled in 2012 . Cheryl Cole’s dimpled cheeks and Myleene Klass’s chin came 2nd and 3rd . Top of men’s wish lists is a jaw like heart throb Robert Pattinson . Men also want Ashton Kutcher’s cheeks and Zac Effron’s hair and eyes .
id: 7c16216cd67f922d3bd8f515e6a1769392134c61
chatgpt: Facial features have always been a point of fascination for many people. Whether it's to enhance one's beauty or to simply change the way they look, there has always been a demand for cosmetic procedures. And in 2012, it seems that people had some very specific wishes when it came to their facial features. One trend that seemed to emerge quite strongly was an increase in requests for nose jobs. Specifically, Kate's nose - the same one made famous by the Duchess of Cambridge - was highly sought after. While it was already popular in previous years, requests for a nose like Kate's reportedly tripled in 2012. But noses weren't the only facial feature that people wanted to imitate. For women, dimpled cheeks like Cheryl Cole's were the second most requested feature. And coming in at third place was Myleene Klass's chin. These requests suggest that people wanted to emulate the youthful and playful features of these popular celebrities. When it came to men's wish lists, the most sought after feature was a strong, defined jawline - just like heartthrob Robert Pattinson's. Ashton Kutcher's cheeks, which have a slightly sunken appearance, were also popular. And as for hair and eyes, Zac Effron's were top of the list. It's interesting to note that while some people are still opting for traditional, surgical procedures like rhinoplasty or chin implants, others are turning to non-invasive treatments. For example, some people are using dermal fillers to contour their cheeks or enhance their jawline. Others are using Botox to tweak the appearance of their nose or forehead. According to experts in the field, the rise in these types of procedures can be attributed to several factors. For one, social media has created a culture of "always on" and "always perfect," which means that people are willing to go to greater lengths to achieve the appearance they desire. Additionally, the stigma around cosmetic procedures has decreased in recent years, making it more socially acceptable to alter one's appearance. Of course, there are risks and downsides associated with any type of cosmetic procedure - both surgical and non-invasive. People should be aware of these risks and ensure they have realistic expectations before going under the knife or needle. Overall, it's clear that in 2012, people had some very specific ideas about what they wanted their faces to look like. Whether that trend will continue into the future remains to be seen, but for now, it seems that people are willing to do what it takes to achieve their ideal appearance.