article: By . Freya Noble . Shocking footage has emerged of two out-of-control adult women yelling at each other and throwing punches on an inner-city train platform. Believed to have taken place at Melbourne's Flinders Street Station, one female dressed in a blue jumper, black scarf and green cargo pants can be seen marching down the platform. 'What did you say!' the woman in cargo pants yells at a lady wearing a grey jumper, pink shirt, tight black pants and what look to be legwarmers. Scroll down for video . Two women have been caught on camera brawling at Flinders Street Station in Melbourne . The ladies had an intense a confrontation which an amused onlooker capturing it on film . 'She ain't no thing', the one in legwarmers responds, before the first woman repeats her initial question: 'What did you say?' The female in cargo pants can then be seen taking the first swing at her opponent, and during the scuffle some pretty serious slapping sounds can be heard. Then all of a sudden the woman in legwarmers lashes out and pushes the one in cargo pants backwards so she ends up sprawled on the train tracks. One woman wearing cargo pants approached another in legwarmers and the pair started to scream at each other . One woman pushes the other onto the train tracks after she took a swing at her, before doing a strange victory dance on the platform . An arrogant victory dance then takes place and the woman still standing screams 'Don't f*** with me - boom!' The man who filmed the encounter can hardly contain his amusement, and throughout the ordeal provides some commentary, while at other times simply bursts into laughter. As the woman in the cargo pants tries to climb back onto the platform, the other female takes a swing at her with her leg in attempt to keep her down. Then as she tries to kick her opponent to keep her down she falls herself . However it's all downhill from there as the force of her own kick sends the legwarmer wearing lady flying down onto the train tracks as well. Both women then stand up next to each other, still on the train tracks looking rather puzzled at what just unfolded. It is unclear what followed at the video finishes but it seems they both escaped and injury by a train, despite how disastrous the results could have been.
highlights: The women are said to have been at Flinders Street Station in Melbourne . One takes the first swing before she is pushed onto the tracks . The second woman then tries to kick the other female to keep her down but falls onto the tracks herself .
id: cb8ef3276e08678422c4867d1a33acfa3dbfea2f
chatgpt: Two women were involved in a violent altercation at Flinders Street Station in Melbourne. According to witnesses, the first woman took the first swing, but was quickly pushed onto the tracks. As she struggled to get back up, the second woman attempted to kick her, but ended up falling onto the tracks herself. The incident occurred during peak hour, causing chaos and delays for commuters. Police were quick to respond, but the two women had already been helped up by bystanders. Although neither woman sustained any serious injuries, they were both taken to hospital for treatment. Flinders Street Station is one of the busiest train stations in Melbourne, and the incident caused major disruptions to the public transport network. Trains were delayed and cancelled, and commuters were forced to seek alternative ways to travel. The incident is believed to have been sparked by a dispute between the two women. Eyewitnesses say that the altercation was violent and aggressive, and that it was fortunate that no one else was caught up in the scuffle. Police have launched an investigation into the incident, and are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the altercation to come forward with information. They are also examining CCTV footage from the station in an effort to identify the two women involved. The incident has once again brought the issue of public safety to the forefront of public discussion. Many commuters are concerned about the level of violence and aggression at train stations, and are calling on authorities to take action to ensure a safer environment for all. In response to the incident, Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews has promised to increase police presence at train stations during peak hours. He has also called on the public to be vigilant and report any incidents of violence or anti-social behaviour. This incident serves as a reminder that we all have a responsibility to ensure the safety of those around us. It is important that we all work together to create a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, especially at busy public transport hubs like Flinders Street Station. As the investigation into the incident continues, commuters are urged to remain alert and aware of their surroundings. The safety of ourselves and others is paramount, and we must all do our part to ensure that we can travel safely and securely.