article: NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Iran broke international law by not disclosing sooner its recently revealed uranium enrichment site, the head of the United Nation's nuclear watchdog agency said. IAEA's Mohamed El Baradei says he does not think Iran has an ongoing nuclear weapons program. But the U.N. does not have credible evidence that Iran has an operational nuclear weapons program, Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy Agency said Tuesday. "Iran has been on the wrong side of the law in so far as to inform the agency at an earlier date," ElBaradei told CNN's sister station in India, CNN-IBN. "Iran was supposed to inform us on the day it was decided to construct the facility. They have not done that." Still, he said, "I do not think based on what we see that Iran has an ongoing nuclear weapons program."  Watch uproar over Iran's nuclear ambitions » . Iran has previously denied breaking the law. "According to the [IAEA's] current governing rules, there was no urgency in reporting anything about this installation and we could have not announced it, but we did so on order to contribute to trust-building and transparency and we did so much sooner than the required time," Ali Akbar Salehi, director of the Iranian Atomic Energy Agency, said Sunday. ElBaradei's comments came ahead of an expected meeting Thursday between Iran's nuclear negotiator, Saeed Jalili, and representatives of the five permanent U.N. Security Council members, plus Germany. The meeting is scheduled to take place in Geneva, Switzerland. Last week, Iran wrote a letter to the IAEA revealing the existence of the facility. The admission prompted U.S. President Obama and the leaders of Britain and France to chide the Islamic republic publicly and threaten further sanctions. Iran claims its nuclear enrichment program is intended for peaceful purposes, but the international community accuses the country of continuing to try to develop nuclear weapons capability. The facility is located on a military base near the city of Qom, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) southwest of Tehran, and is thought to be capable of housing 3,000 centrifuges, according to the officials and the IAEA. That is not enough to produce nuclear fuel to power a reactor, but sufficient to manufacture bomb-making material, according to a U.S. diplomatic source who read the letter. Iran has said there is no nuclear material at the site. It announced Tuesday it will allow the IAEA to inspect the facility but did not offer a timetable. "But we need to go and impress on him that we need to go, our inspector needs to go and inspect the facility and establish the facts, to discuss with them," ElBaradei said.
highlights: IAEA claims Iran failed to disclose existence of second nuclear facility . IAEA chief: No credible evidence Iran has ongoing weapons program . International community fears Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Iran has denied claims, says nuclear program would be used for peaceful purposes .
id: da39410c5907158f22dfa728a2ff98c8e5025a15
chatgpt: The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) announced on Friday that Iran has failed to disclose the existence of a second nuclear facility. The revelation has raised fears among the international community that Iran may be attempting to develop nuclear weapons, a claim that Iran has repeatedly denied. According to the IAEA, the nuclear watchdog agency had received information that led them to believe that Iran was running a second nuclear facility in addition to the one located in Natanz. The IAEA conducted an inspection of the site and found evidence that the facility had been used for the production of nuclear fuel.  The discovery is particularly concerning given Iran's ongoing refusal to cooperate with the IAEA on matters related to its nuclear program. The IAEA has repeatedly called on Iran to fully disclose all information about its nuclear facilities, but Iran has steadfastly maintained that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. Despite the discovery of the second facility, the IAEA has stated that there is no credible evidence to suggest that Iran is currently operating a nuclear weapons program. In a statement, IAEA chief Rafael Grossi said that while the discovery of the second facility was troubling, there was no evidence to suggest that Iran was actively using it to develop nuclear weapons. "Iran has a lot of questions to answer regarding this facility," Grossi said. "But at present, we have no evidence to suggest that Iran is pursuing a nuclear weapons program." Despite the assurances from the IAEA, the discovery of the second facility has only heightened concerns about Iran's nuclear program. The United States and other countries have long suspected that Iran is attempting to develop nuclear weapons, and the discovery of a second facility will only serve to reinforce those suspicions. In response to the allegations, Iran has denied that it is attempting to develop nuclear weapons. In a statement, Iranian officials stated that the second facility was being used for peaceful purposes and that they had fully disclosed all information about their nuclear program to the IAEA. "The Iranian nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes," the statement read. "We have always been transparent with the IAEA about our nuclear activities, and we will continue to cooperate fully with the agency." Despite Iran's denials, the discovery of the second nuclear facility has sparked renewed calls for increased international pressure on Iran to fully disclose all information about its nuclear program. The international community has long been concerned about the possibility of a nuclear-armed Iran, and the discovery of a second facility only adds to those concerns. For now, the IAEA has stated that it will continue to monitor Iran's nuclear program and ensure that it is not being used for illicit purposes. However, given the ongoing tensions between Iran and the international community, it remains to be seen how the situation will play out in the coming months and years.