article: By . Ruth Styles . It's a British summer tradition, famous for its beautiful blooms and the occasional wacky garden design. Now the Chelsea Flower Show, which opens next week, has gone high fashion after Gucci unveiled its whimsical garden inspired by its classic Flora motif. The Gucci Flora Garden is designed by Sarah Eberle and includes many of the varieties immortalised in the print, which made its debut in 1966 on a silk scarf. Glamorous: Gucci's Chelsea Flower Show garden was inspired by its classic Flora print, designed in 1966 . Commissioned by Rodolfo Gucci, one of Gucci founder Guccio Gucci’s four sons, the Flora design has royal, as well as botanical connotations. In need of a suitable gift for Princess Grace of Monaco, Rodolfo commissioned artist Vittorio Accornero to create a floral pattern for an silk scarf, which he then presented to the royal instead of a bouquet. Accornero's design, which was completed in time for a visit to the Gucci boutique in Milan by the Monégasque princess, eventually included a riot of naturalistic flowers, fruit and insects and was dedicated to the four seasons. 'When I first joined Gucci, I immediately asked to see the archive, and it was there that I rediscovered the Flora pattern,' remembers creative director, Frida Giannini. Inspiration: The Flora print was created for Princess Grace of Monaco who visited the brand's Milan boutique . Pretty: The gorgeous Flora print has been revived for a new version of the £1, 480 Lady Lock bag . 'I remember chic women – my mother and grandmother among them – wearing Flora scarves in the 70s, and I’ve always been fascinated by the story behind the design and how it was created for Princess Grace. Although the silk scarves are no longer available, Gucci has launched a new version of its iconic Lady Lock bag featuring the canvas print. First introduced in 1947, the bag, which starts at £1,480, is made from canvas emblazoned with the flora print and includes the trademark bamboo cane handle specially made for the fashion house by artisan craftsmen in Florence. Almost there: The RHS Chelsea Flower Show opens on the 20th May and runs until the 24th . Hotly anticipated: Tickets have sold faster than ever this year, although Alan Titchmarsh won't be there . 'Flora was the very first iconic design motif from Gucci’s past that I decided to revive and reinterpret,' adds Giannini. 'Since then I have used it on bags, dresses, scarves (of course) and as the inspiration for a series of fragrances. 'I am so excited by the prospect of finally seeing Flora as a real garden at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show; there is something truly magical about this project.' The RHS Chelsea Flower Show opens on the 20th May and runs until the 24th. For more information and tickets, see rhs.org.uk .
highlights: The Gucci Flora Garden is inspired by the brand's classic botanical print . Created by Sarah Eberle, it will make its debut at Chelsea next week . Flora was commissioned for Princess Grace of Monaco in 1966 . Designed by Vittorio Accornero, it originally appeared on a silk scarf . Print has been revived by Frida Giannini and appears on Lady Lock bag .
id: ab0f9be986cfd63ec94380a84a34b83c07aa9ec8
chatgpt: Gucci, the iconic Italian fashion brand, is set to make a splash at the Chelsea Flower Show with the debut of its breathtaking Gucci Flora Garden. Inspired by the brand's classic botanical print, the garden was created by acclaimed garden designer Sarah Eberle. The Gucci Flora print has a rich history, having been commissioned for Princess Grace of Monaco in 1966. It was originally designed by Vittorio Accornero and featured on a silk scarf. The print became popular among the fashion set in the 60s and 70s and has since become synonymous with the brand. In recent years, the print has been revived by designer Frida Giannini, who used it to create the Lady Lock bag. The bag quickly became a must-have item among fashionistas and helped to increase the popularity of the Gucci Flora print. Now, the print has taken on a new form with the creation of the Gucci Flora Garden. The garden features a variety of flowers and foliage, all inspired by the iconic botanical print. Visitors to the Chelsea Flower Show can expect to see a stunning display of colorful blooms and lush greenery that evoke the spirit of the Flora print. Speaking about the creation of the garden, Sarah Eberle said, "Designing the Gucci Flora Garden has been an incredible challenge and a privilege. The Flora print is so iconic and it was important to capture its essence in the garden. I wanted to create an immersive experience for visitors, where they could feel like they were walking through the pages of a Gucci catalog." The Gucci Flora Garden is just one of the many exhibits that visitors can expect to see at this year's Chelsea Flower Show. Now in its 106th year, the show is one of the most prestigious gardening events in the world, attracting visitors and exhibitors from around the globe. Gucci is just one of many fashion brands that have embraced the world of horticulture in recent years. Other brands, such as Louis Vuitton and Dior, have also created stunning garden displays that showcase their design prowess in a different way. As the worlds of fashion and gardening continue to merge, the Gucci Flora Garden stands out as a stunning example of how the two industries can work together to create something truly special. Visitors to the Chelsea Flower Show are sure to be awed by the beauty of the garden and the way in which it captures the essence of the Gucci brand.