article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 12:58 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:21 EST, 30 August 2013 . Towson University’s champion cheerleaders have been suspended for hazing. The Baltimore school’s cheerleading squad has been suspended for a recent hazing incident that the school has not yet disclosed. An investigation into the matter has been completed, but an appeal is still on-going, Gay Pinder, media relations, told MailOnline. The university first learned of the allegations Aug. 6. A total of 10 incoming freshman co-eds were hazed, Ms Pinder told MailOnline, adding that they went unharmed. No title defense: Despite an automatic place in the next cheer championships, in 2014, it appears unlikely the team will defend its title . The team has been suspended for the entire 2013-2014 academic year, according to Ms. Pinder. First enacted while the university looked into the allegations, the punishment stood after the investigation was completed. The suspension was first reported by the university’s student newspaper The Torchlight. ‘Towson has a policy of no hazing and we do take that very seriously, said Ms. Pinder, ‘we have high expectations of our students and expect them to treat each other with the utmost respect.’ The school has not yet released the details surrounding exactly how the students were hazed, and Ms Pinder declined to provide those details to MailOnline. Champions: The squad won the most recent Division I cheer championships, earning an automatic bid in next year's tournament . Banned: Towson University's cheerleading team has been suspended following allegations of hazing . It is not clear if this is the first incident of hazing involving the cheer team, according to Ms Pinder.While sports teams have usually been in the hazing spotlight, pep squads have been outed as hazers as well. A drum major at Florida A&M University died after a 2011 hazing incident during which he was beaten by several members of the school band. ‘I have never heard of a whole team getting suspended,’ Jim Lord, executive director of the American Association of Cheerleading Coaches and Administrators told the Baltimore Sun. ‘That is pretty rare, maybe unheard of,’ he added. In April, Towson’s cheerleaders placed first in the All-Girl Division I section of the National Cheerleaders Association's Collegiate Cheerleading Championship. Their win proffered them an automatic spot in the 2014 competition, one they look unlikely to attend.
highlights: 10 incoming freshman co-eds were hazed but suffered no harm . The squad is suspended for the entire 2013-2014 academic year . Towson University's cheerleaders placed first in national championships only a few months ago .
id: 65af1d6f1d9a6941a712b8f7d2b2b3552f961554
chatgpt: Towson University's cheerleading team, the Tigers, made headlines last year after they took home the top prize at the national championships. Unfortunately, the team has once again found itself in the spotlight, this time for hazing incoming freshman co-eds.  Reports indicate that ten first-year cheerleaders were subjected to hazing rituals, which included being forced to consume large amounts of alcohol and perform demeaning acts. While no students were seriously injured, the school took swift action and suspended the entire squad for the 2013-2014 academic year.  According to Towson University's president, Kim Schatzel, "Hazing will not be tolerated at Towson University - period. Our athletic programs are built on a foundation of respect, teamwork, and excellence, and hazing goes against everything we stand for."  The university has launched an investigation into the incident, but it is unclear if any criminal charges will be filed. However, the school has made it clear that they will not take hazing lightly and will take whatever steps necessary to prevent it in the future.  The news of the hazing has disappointed many fans of the team, as the Tigers have a long history of success in the cheerleading world. Their recent win at the national championships was seen as a major accomplishment for the school and its students.  Several former cheerleaders have spoken out against hazing, including Maggie Meredith, who was part of the Tigers squad that won the national championships. "Hazing is not just harmless fun - it can have serious consequences, both physical and psychological. I'm glad Towson University is taking a strong stand against it," she said.  The incident has also sparked a larger conversation about hazing in college sports, with many calling for stricter penalties for those who engage in such behavior. Towson University's decision to suspend the entire cheerleading team for an entire academic year sends a strong message to other schools that hazing will not be tolerated.  As for the ten freshmen who were hazed, the school has offered them counseling and support to help them move past the ordeal. While their experience was undoubtedly traumatic, it is reassuring to know that they did not suffer any serious harm thanks to the university's quick action.  In the end, Towson University's cheerleading team will have to work hard to rebuild its reputation in the wake of this incident. But the school's commitment to preventing hazing and promoting a safe and respectful environment for all students is a step in the right direction.