article: By . Greg Stutchbury, Reuters . Openside flanker Michael Hooper has been elevated to the Australian rugby team’s captaincy after hooker Stephen Moore was ruled out for the season due to a knee reconstruction. The 22-year-old Hooper had been widely expected to take the role after Moore tore his anterior and medial cruciate ligaments in his left knee in the opening minute of the Wallabies’ 50-23 victory over France in Brisbane on Saturday. Hooper, who had been appointed by coach Ewen McKenzie as one of his two vice-captains before the three-test series with France, led the side at Lang Park when Moore limped off. On the ball: Michael Hooper looks for support during Australia's victory over France on Saturday . Quick hands: Hooper rides a tackle from Yoann Huget before passing to team-mate Nick Phipps . 'It’s a massive honour to captain your country and I’m confident Michael has all the right leadership qualities to lead this team moving forward,' McKenzie said in a statement. 'I couldn’t have been more impressed with his performance on the weekend after Stephen went down, so we know the added responsibility won’t impact the high-level of play we all expect from him each week.' Hooper is McKenzie’s fourth test captain since he replaced Robbie Deans in the job less than a year ago. He dumped Queensland Reds captain James Horwill on the end of season tour last year and replaced him with loose forward Ben Mowen. Down and out: Stephen Moore receives treatment before limping off against France (below) Mowen was not considered for the squad this season, having elected to pursue his rugby career overseas at the finish of the ongoing Super Rugby season. Moore then held the job for less than a week and his first test in charge lasted less than a minute, prompting Australia’s media to call the job a ‘poisoned chalice’ for players selected to the role. Moore’s injury revives grisly memories of 2012, when Horwill (hamstring), then replacements David Pocock (knee) and Will Genia (knee), were blighted by serious injuries after being appointed to the role by former coach Deans.
highlights: Openside flanker led side after Moore limped off against France on Saturday . Hooper is coach Ewan McKenzie's fourth test captain . Moore ruled out for season after tearing knee ligaments .
id: 3cff292c6164d8a14833cacb29e2d00853b5ffdb
chatgpt: Michael Hooper has been named as the new captain of the Australian rugby team for the remainder of the international season. The openside flanker took over the reins from Stephen Moore after the latter was forced off the field due to a knee injury during the match against France over the weekend. Moore, who had previously captained the side for 52 tests, has since been ruled out for the rest of the season after tearing his knee ligaments. The appointment of Hooper as captain was confirmed by coach Ewan McKenzie on Monday, making him the fourth test captain for the Wallabies under McKenzie's tenure. The 24-year-old Hooper has been a regular feature in the national team since making his debut in 2012 and has already amassed 68 caps. He also led the side on three occasions last year when Moore was out injured. McKenzie praised Hooper's leadership qualities and said he was confident in his ability to lead the team. "Michael is a natural leader and has the respect of all his teammates," he said. "He has always led by example on the field and I have no doubt he will do the same as captain." Hooper, who plays for the New South Wales Waratahs in Super Rugby, said he was excited about the new challenge ahead. "It's an incredible honour to be named captain of the Wallabies," he said. "I've learned so much from the other leaders in the team over the years and I'm looking forward to putting that knowledge into practice." The appointment of Hooper as captain comes at a crucial time for the Wallabies, who are currently preparing for a series of tests against New Zealand, South Africa and Argentina. The team has struggled in recent months, losing five of their last six matches, and will be hoping for an improved showing with Hooper at the helm. While Moore's injury is a blow to the Wallabies, the team will be buoyed by the appointment of Hooper as captain. With his experience and leadership skills, he will be expected to guide the team through what promises to be a challenging season.