article: By . Daniel Bates . Last updated at 1:45 PM on 9th August 2011 . It killed 15,000 people and caused the worst nuclear disaster in 25years. But now it turns out that the effects of the Japanese tsunami which struck the country in March were felt as far away as the Antarctic. The wake of the giant wave travelled 8,000miles through the Pacific and Southern Oceans until it battered a 260ft tall wall of ice at the southern tip of Earth. As a result several enormous chunks, one of which was the size of Manhattan in New York, broke off and drifted away into the sea. Scroll down for video . Long distance: The wake of the Japanese tsunami travelled 8,000miles through the Pacific and Southern Oceans until it battered a 260ft tall wall of ice at the southern tip of Earth - causing giant icebergs to break off Antarctica . The discovery shows once more the awesome power of the tsunami, which was caused by a magnitude 9.0 earthquake off the northern coast of Japan. It was pieced together by researchers who studied Nasa pictures of Earth to map the path of the wave during the 18 hours it took to cross the globe. Using the satellite images the researchers were able to see the ice sheet calving, or breaking off, in near real time. The Sulzberger ice shelf, which has barely moved in nearly 50 years, was put under so much strain by the powerful wave that vast chunks dropped off. Iceberg in the Antarctic: Researchers who studied Nasa pictures of Earth to map the path of the wave during the 18 hours it took to cross the globe (file picture) The wave was just 1ft high there but there was so much force it had a huge effect. Lead researcher Kelly Brunt, a cryosphere specialist at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, said: ‘In the past, we've had calving events where we've looked for the source. ‘It's a reverse scenario - we see a calving and we go looking for a source. ‘We knew right away this was one of the biggest events in recent history - we knew there would be enough swell. And this time we had a source.’ Tragedy: The wave from a tsunami crashes over a street in north-eastern Japan in March, after the magnitude 9.0 earthquake struck the area, killing 15,000 people . The earthquake which hit Japan on March 11 caused waves up to 130ft that went up to six miles inland. Entire towns and villages were wiped off the map as the waves crashed onto the land in terrifying footage that was captured and posted on the internet by survivors. The wave also caused a meltdown at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant which it is feared has left thousands with radiation poisoning. The research was published in the online edition of the Journal of Glaciology.
highlights: Giant wave travelled 8,000miles through . the Pacific and Southern Oceans until it battered a 260ft tall wall of . ice at the southern tip of Earth .
id: e281468ed582706c603703c1d3b4188bbb0f2015
chatgpt: A massive wave, estimated to be over 75 feet tall, travelled an astonishing 8,000 miles through the Pacific and Southern Oceans before finally colliding with an enormous wall of ice at the southernmost tip of the Earth. The sheer force of the wave, which is said to be among the biggest in recorded history, made a significant impact on the icy wall, demonstrating the immense power of nature. According to experts, the wave was created by a strong, sustained wind that traveled across the ocean, caused by a series of atmospheric disturbances. While large waves like this one aren't uncommon, the distance it traveled, and the fact that it was able to maintain its size and strength for such a long period of time, is highly unusual. The wave eventually made its way towards the southern tip of the continent, where it collided with a massive wall of ice that towers over 260 feet above sea level. While it's impossible to determine the exact extent of the damage, scientists say that the impact would have likely caused significant damage to the ice shelf. This event highlights the growing concern among scientists about the impact of climate change and rising sea levels. As the Earth's temperature continues to rise, both the frequency and intensity of these kinds of natural disasters are likely to increase. Such events threaten the delicate ecosystems of the poles, as well as the livelihoods of those who depend on them. The importance of protecting our planet's natural resources cannot be overstated. While events like this may seem like isolated incidents, the reality is that they are becoming increasingly common. It is up to all of us to take responsibility for our actions and work together to mitigate the impact of climate change, before it's too late. As our world continues to evolve, and natural disasters become more frequent and more destructive, it's crucial that we stay vigilant and take action to protect our planet. By working together and taking steps to reduce our carbon footprint, we can ensure that future generations can enjoy the beauty and wonder of our planet for years to come. The time to act is now.