article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:43 EST, 20 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:45 EST, 21 November 2013 . Unlikely victim? Grace Meng, the congresswoman from New York's 6th district, was struck on the back of the head Tuesday night and then robbed near Capitol Hill . A congresswoman from New York was attacked near Capitol Hill on Tuesday evening and robbed of her belongings. The attacker struck Representative Grace Meng, a 38-year-old Democrat from the state’s 6th congressional district, on the back of the head around 8:30pm, causing her to fall to the ground. While she was down and disoriented, the attacker then snatched the mother of two’s Gucci purse. Meng soon found Capitol police, who had her transported to George Washington University Hospital. The mugging took place at the intersection of 6th and Pennsylvania Avenue in Southeast D.C., a highly populated area with many restaurants and business. Meng was on her way home after having dinner nearby when she was mugged. ‘They came from behind. I didn't see anyone,’ she said. Meng said she didn't know if she was mugged by more than one person. She said police had recovered an old phone that was discarded from her purse and pulled fingerprints from it. She said she's never been mugged before. ‘I have not — you know, I'm from New York City and I have not been mugged like that,’ she said. According to ABC News, Meng suffered a bruise on her chin and underwent a CAT scan to check for brain injury. She was evidently given the okay, because by Wednesday Meng was back at work. Scroll down for video... Stolen: The robbers swiped the freshman democrat's Gucci purse after she fell to the ground. They then fled the scene leaving the congresswoman to scramble to find police . Nice neighborhood: Meng was on her way home following dinner when the attack occurred around 8:30pm in a highly populated area with many businesses . ‘While this was a frightening ordeal, I fortunately was not seriously injured,’ Meng said in a statement. ‘Obviously, things could have been much worse.’ The freshman congresswoman also thanked authorities who came to her aid. ‘I thank the U.S. Capitol Police and the District of Columbia Police for responding quickly and professionally,’ she said. As of Wednesday evening, no arrests had been made. Meng was elected in 2012 and is the first Asian American to represent New York in Congress. She is also the first female to represent Queens since former Vice Presidential nominee Geraldine Ferraro. 'Things could have been much worse': The 38-year-old wife and mother of two was taken to a hospital where she was given a CAT scan and treated for minor bruising. She returned to work Wednesday. Here, Meng is sworn into her first term in January .
highlights: Queens Rep. Grace Meng was hit on the back of the head and fell to the ground Tuesday evening as she walked home from dinner in Washington's Eastern Market neighborhood . The attacker snatched her Gucci purse as she lay on the ground . The 38-year-old Democrat from New York's 6th district suffered several minor injuries and was transported to a nearby hospital .
id: faf172abd8a66c04c06c74d074cfd88a015376c5
chatgpt: Queens Representative Grace Meng was attacked and robbed Tuesday evening as she made her way home from dinner in the Eastern Market neighborhood of Washington D.C. Meng, a 38-year-old Democrat from New York's 6th district, was struck on the back of the head and fell to the ground. The attacker then snatched her Gucci purse as she lay there. Meng, who has been in Congress since 2013, suffered several minor injuries as a result of the attack. She was transported to a nearby hospital and released later that night. Her office released a statement following the incident, which confirmed that she was doing well and expressed gratitude to the emergency personnel who provided care. The attack has raised concerns about safety in the Eastern Market neighborhood, which is known for its bustling restaurants and shops. This incident marks the second attack on a member of Congress in recent months, with Kentucky Senator Rand Paul having been assaulted by his neighbor in November 2017. Authorities are currently investigating the attack on Meng, and have stated that they are searching for a male suspect. They are also looking into whether this attack is connected to any others in the area. Meng is known for being an advocate for women's rights and safety, and has been a strong voice in Congress on issues such as sexual harassment and assault. Her attack has prompted calls for increased safety measures in the neighborhood, as well as for more resources to be dedicated to addressing violence against women. Many of Meng's colleagues in Congress have also expressed their support for her in the wake of the attack. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi tweeted her well wishes, saying "Sending love and prayers to @RepGraceMeng after this terrible attack. We are all with you." Other members of Congress have also condemned the attack and called for action to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future. As the investigation continues, the community is coming together to show support for Meng and to call for increased safety measures in the Eastern Market neighborhood. While this incident has shaken Meng and those who know her, it has also highlighted the need for continued efforts to ensure that everyone can feel safe and secure in their communities.