article: (CNN)But we have to pick ONE pet . And pick it out soon. You know mother told us . To get back by noon! If that cadence sounds familiar, but you can't place the words, don't be alarmed. That phrase is from a new -- that's right, new -- Dr. Seuss book scheduled to be released in July. More than 20 years after his death in 1991, a box filled with text and sketches will come to life in the latest creation by Theodor Seuss Geisel, aka Dr. Seuss: "What Pet Should I Get?" The story "captures the excitement of a classic childhood moment -- choosing a pet," publisher Random House Children's Books said in a release. Geisel's widow, Audrey Geisel, found the manuscripts and illustrations in their La Jolla, California, home soon after her husband died. She set the materials aside, only to rediscover them in 2013 while cleaning out his office. "While undeniably special, it is not surprising to me that we found this because Ted always worked on multiple projects and started new things all the time," Audrey Geisel said in the release. The publisher said it expects to release two additional books from the materials that were found. Cathy Goldsmith, Dr. Seuss' former art director, said she believes Geisel wrote "What Pet Should I Get?" between 1958 and 1962. "The brother and sister in the book are the same as those in his bestselling Beginner Book 'One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish,' which was published in 1960," Goldsmith said. According to the release, Goldsmith is the last Random House publishing executive to have worked directly with Geisel while he was alive. "My connection to Ted remains as vital as it was when we worked closely together years ago -- I know he is looking down, watching over the process, and I feel a tremendous responsibility to do everything just as he would have done himself," she said. Audrey Geisel said the timing of the new release is extra special for her. "It is especially heartwarming for me as this year also marks twenty-five years since the publication of the last book of Ted's career, Oh, the Places You'll Go!" she said.
highlights: A new Dr. Seuss book will be released on July 28 . "What Pet Should I Get?" was probably written between 1958 and 1962 . Dr. Seuss, aka Theodor Seuss Geisel, died in 1991 .
id: d837259a98b81135d8da411a13d537d653928d93
chatgpt: A new Dr. Seuss book titled "What Pet Should I Get?" is set to hit bookshelves on July 28th. This highly-anticipated release comes more than 20 years after the death of the beloved children's author, whose last book "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" was published in 1990, a year before he passed away. According to the publisher, the manuscript for "What Pet Should I Get?" was discovered in 2013 by Seuss' wife, Audrey Geisel, in a box in their home. The book is believed to have been written sometime between 1958 and 1962, around the time that he penned other classics such as "The Cat in the Hat" and "Green Eggs and Ham." The story follows the adventures of a brother and sister as they visit a pet store to choose a new pet. The children are faced with a difficult decision -- they want to take home all the animals they see, but they can only choose one. The book's release has generated considerable excitement among fans of Dr. Seuss, whose whimsical illustrations and playful rhymes have captivated generations of children. Some are even speculating that "What Pet Should I Get?" may contain references to characters from other Seuss books, as was the case with his posthumous release "Horton and the Kwuggerbug and More Lost Stories." While Dr. Seuss may no longer be with us, his legacy lives on through his timeless stories and characters. His books continue to delight and inspire children, teaching valuable lessons about imagination, creativity, and the importance of being oneself. In a statement, the publisher expressed their hopes that "What Pet Should I Get?" will bring joy to readers of all ages. "We are thrilled to share this never-before-seen work by Dr. Seuss with the world," they said. "It is sure to become a classic just like his other beloved books." As the release date approaches, anticipation for "What Pet Should I Get?" continues to grow. Fans young and old are sure to be delighted by this latest addition to the Dr. Seuss canon, and eager to see what furry, feathered, or finned creature the brother and sister ultimately choose.