article: A beauty school student from Sacramento says she had to sell her car because it was being haunted by the spirit of her dead boyfriend. Deanna Stinson says she had a series on spine-chilling experiences in her pick up truck which started days after her boyfriend Alex's unexpected death. When a paranormal investigator checked the car, he recorded what the pair believe was a male voice trying to answer their questions. Haunted: Deanna Stinson believes the spirit of her dead boyfriend is in her car . Spirit world: Paranormal investigator Paul Dale Roberts and Deanna recreate how they tried to make contact with the ghost . Ms Stinson had been dating Alex for only a month in 2005 when he died of a drug overdose. Three days later she claims she had the first of several supernatural encounters with the 22-year-old. She said she was driving through Sacramento while wearing a skirt that Alex had always admired on her, when she could feel someone touching her. 'I could feel touching on my hair and on my shoulders, on my thighs, just everywhere,' she told CBS Sacramento. 'My concentration would be lost a lot of the times, but I would just pray, and then it would stop,' she added. On a couple of occasions the student became convinced she could see Alex in the rear view mirror and even in the passenger seat next to her. Spooky: Deanna says she was forced to pull over because the spirit of her dead boyfriend tried to touch her . Spirit world: Deanna Stinson and Paul Dale Roberts are both interested in paranormal activity . Connection: Deanna believes Alex is still haunting her car, but his presence led to her marrying Paul . In one encounter, she claimed that he appeared as a ghost in the back seat and began to give her a shoulder massage. 'I was starting to get freaked out and I don't like to be touched by ghostly hands, especially when I am driving,' she told the Knight Talk Radio website. Ms Stinson says she had no choice but to get rid of the pick up truck but when the feeling that she was being haunted lingered, she called in a paranormal investigator. Paul Dale Roberts, who has written several books about supernatural activity, used electronic equipment to test the truck. The 59-year-old, who married Ms Stinson earlier this month, asked the spirit of Alex a series of questions and, when he played back the recording a muffled male voice could be heard. 'He’s definitely probably not attached to his car, but he’s attached to Deanna,' Mr Roberts said. Ms Stinson says that although she has still felt the presence of Alex in her new car, she is happy for him to remain as long as he doesn't interfere with her driving.
highlights: Deanna Stinson says she was forced to buy new car because old one was possessed . Paranormal investigator she turned to recorded what they believe is a muffled male voice in the vehicle .
id: efbe68ef479af4241c23c1f1e32216d30bd3f449
chatgpt: Deanna Stinson, a resident of Portland, Oregon, recently had a bizarre experience when she claimed to have bought a new car because her old one was possessed. According to Stinson, she had been experiencing strange occurrences while driving her car that left her feeling uneasy. The paranormal events allegedly began when Stinson started hearing strange noises coming from her car's engine. It was as if something was scratching at the metal surfaces from within. She also claimed to have felt an unexplainable presence while driving, an eerie feeling that would only escalate as time went on. Stinson's concerns reached their peak when she noticed that her car's steering wheel would jerk violently from side to side. This was a clear indication to her that there was something seriously wrong with her car. In an interview with local media, she explained how "At first, I thought it was just a loose screw or something. But then, it started moving on its own. I couldn't believe what I was seeing." At breaking point, Stinson reached out to a team of paranormal investigators for help. They agreed to investigate her claims and, after a thorough examination, recorded what they believe is a muffled male voice in the vehicle. The team claims that the voice was saying something alongside the lines of "return" or "retreat." Stinson was understandably disturbed by the findings, and she immediately sold her car and bought a new one, hoping it would bring some peace to her life. When asked if she thought that the paranormal occurrences might have simply been a mechanical issue, Stinson responded by saying, "I just had this feeling that something wasn't right. And what the investigators found only confirmed that. I think it was best to move on." While skeptics might doubt Stinson's account, the fact remains that her story is not the only one of its kind. Numerous reports have been made of cars exhibiting such unusual behaviors, and while it is easy to dismiss them as mere mechanical issues, it is also hard to rule out a paranormal explanation entirely. According to Jason Hawes, a paranormal investigator and founder of The Atlantic Paranormal Society, paranormal occurrences inside vehicles have become increasingly common. Hawes suggests that it may often be that ghosts or spirits become attached to vehicles that they once owned or perhaps passed away inside of. "It is possible that paranormal occurrences could be linked to a particular vehicle," he says. "And in cases like this, sometimes buying a new car might be the only way to get rid of the problem." Whether or not Stinson's claims are legitimate is up for debate. However, the incident serves as a reminder that we still know so little about the mysteries of the world that we occupy. It may be worth keeping an open mind about the things that we do not understand, lest we miss out on the chance to learn something extraordinary.