article: Once they lived in the splendour of a £2million country house in the Cotswolds, with a Ferrari, Bentley and BMW in the garage. These days property developers Michael and Carol Ann Gatt are effectively penniless. The couple lost their business, their home and almost everything they owned because of what they say was a simple banking error. They are suing Barclays for more than £3million for bringing them to ‘complete ruination’. Millionaire property developers Michael and Carol Gatt, who are suing Barclays for £3m after claiming a banking mistake resulted in them losing their business and country home . The Gatts, both 65, claim the bank wrongly told credit reference agencies that Mr Gatt was over his agreed overdraft limit, ruining their credit rating and killing their business. GLN Holdings Ltd, the Tunbridge Wells-based development company they ran for 22 years, subsequently collapsed. The couple, who have been married for 44 years, were forced to sell their home, Melksham Court, at a loss. Much of their furniture was sold off as well as their fleet of luxury cars.  They had to move into a bungalow owned by their son on the boundary of the Melksham Court estate in Stinchcombe, near Dursley, a stone’s throw from their former home. Mrs Gatt burst into tears at the High Court as she accused the bank and its ‘premier relationship manager’, Mark Williams – who deny any wrongdoing – of ‘incorrect and disgraceful actions’. She said she and her husband shared ownership of their home and assets as they ‘now share the devastation caused by the actions of Barclays Plc and Mr Williams’. Mrs Gatt told the court that in 2007 Barclays had provided credit reports to reference agencies stating the Gatts were £260,000 overdrawn on a limit of £1,500. But the bank had agreed to let them have the money, she told Judge Patrick Moloney QC, and so was guilty of ‘negligent misstatement’ and ‘defamation’. The Gatts were forced to give up their £4million country house at Melksham Court in the Cotswolds, pictured, and now live in a small property nearby . Mr Gatt told the court he had a good relationship with Barclays for many years. He had often asked for more money on his overdrafts, living off borrowings as it was cheaper than taking profit out of the business. ‘They kept lending money and lending money, with no moans about it,’ he told the court. ‘I’m an entrepreneur and property developer, not a bank clerk.’ Mrs Gatt said they would have taken steps to rectify it if they had been told they were over the overdraft limit. Rupert Allen, representing the bank and Mr Williams, said Mr Gatt was using a temporary overdraft. When the time limit ran out and it was not paid off, it became unauthorised, he said. The hearing continues.
highlights: Michael and Carol Gatt lived in £4m estate once coveted by Hugh Grant . But developers were left living in bungalow in shadow of former home . They claim Barclays wrongly ruined their credit rating without telling them . To pay off debts couple sold off Ferrari, Bentley and BMW X3 .
id: 698e682f4c93acbe138edf0498df02d7f74ae563
chatgpt: Michael and Carol Gatt, a couple who once lived on a £4 million estate that was once coveted by actor Hugh Grant, claim that Barclays Bank has wrongly ruined their credit rating without informing them. The couple had to sell off three of their cars, including a Ferrari, Bentley, and BMW X3, to pay off their debts. The Gatts, who now live in a bungalow in the shadow of their former home, claim that Barclays Bank, where they had been customers for over 20 years, has unfairly blacklisted them on the credit-checking system. This, they say, has prevented them from obtaining credit, even for basic goods and services. According to Mr. Gatt, the couple had taken out an interest-only mortgage on their former home, with the aim of downsizing once their children had left home. However, after the global financial crisis in 2008, the property's value plummeted, and they found themselves unable to sell it. As a result, they fell into arrears. The couple claim that they were unaware that their credit rating had been blacklisted until they applied for a loan to purchase a new car. The loan was rejected, and the couple was informed that their credit rating was to blame. The Gatts subsequently discovered that they had been blacklisted by Barclays Bank. They say that they had no warning from the bank and were given no chance to explain their financial difficulties. Mr. Gatt stated,” I admit we were struggling, but they said nothing at all. We had been good customers for over 20 years, never missed a payment. This has ruined our lives. We have lost everything and are living in a bungalow. But they have continued to earn millions in profit.” The couple claims that they have made repeated attempts to contact the bank to seek a resolution, but that they have been stonewalled. They have now instructed a solicitor to take legal action against the bank. A Barclays Bank spokesperson said that the bank was unable to comment on individual cases. However, they stated that, “Barclays takes its responsibilities to customers seriously and is committed to treating all customers in a fair and appropriate manner." This is not the first time that Barclays Bank has been accused of blacklisting customers. In 2014, the bank was fined £26 million by the Financial Conduct Authority for failing to adequately provide information about its credit-checking processes. The regulator found that the bank was blacklisting customers without sufficient cause and without informing them. The UK's financial ombudsman service receives many complaints from customers who have been blacklisted by banks. The complaints usually involve customers who have fallen into arrears on loans or credit cards. The banks, however, often say that they are acting within their rights, as the customers have failed to meet their payment obligations. The Gatts' case highlights the distressing impact that blacklisting can have on ordinary people. It also emphasizes the need for banks to communicate with customers when difficulties arise and to offer assistance where appropriate.