article: A prankster dad may win the award for cruelest joke after he tricked his wife into thinking he threw his toddler son off of the balcony. Roman Atwood set up cameras and enlisted the help of his two sons in an elaborate attempt to frighten his unassuming wife and fool her into thinking he'd accidentally killed their toddler son. The stunt, which was posted on YouTube on November 30 and already has almost 5 million views, begins with Atwood playing with his son, who is dressed in a Spider-Man costume covering his face, on the top floor of their Los Angeles, California home. Like any other day: A loving mother returns to her home in Los Angeles where she finds her husband Roman Atwood playing with their toddler son who is dressed in a Spider-Man costume . The switcheroo: Roman Atwood enlists the help of his elder son who leads the toddler into the other room then hands his dad the small dummy dressed in the same costume as his son . The launch: Roman Atwood pretends to throw his son over the balcony as  his wife lets out a shriek and rushes towards what she believes is her fallen son . Atwood and his son are greeted lovingly by the boy’s mother, who is then sent downstairs 'to grab them some water' so that they can prepare the prank behind her back. Atwood enlists the help of his older son who leads his younger brother into the other room them substitutes the toddler for a dummy, which Atwood then tosses over the railing. His wife runs downstairs and screams in paralyzing fear as she sees the boy falling to the ground below and laying motionless on the ground as though he had died. She unveils the boy's mask to reveal a dummy under the costume and then proceeds to shoot a disgusted glance at her husband. 'Why would you do that?!' she screams still trembling in shock. 'It's just for fun,' Atwood responds as he shrugs his shoulders . She then sentences her husband to a lonely night of sleeping on the couch and gives him a little kick in the groin before she storms out of the room. Petrified: The concerned mother rushes towards the dummy she believes to be her badly injured son . Unmasked: the mother removes the mask to see the damage done and sees  what she thought was her son is nothing more than a dummy . Horrified: Atwood's wife tells him that he'll be sleeping on the couch and gives him a kick to the groin before leaving the room in a huff .
highlights: Roman Atwood set up cameras and enlisted the help of his two sons in an elaborate attempt to frighten his unassuming wife . Atwood pretends to throw their son, dressed in a Spider-Man suit, over the balcony by using a dummy dressed in the same costume . His wife was less than pleased and told him that he'd be sleeping on the couch .
id: ad9a018a2e253f240c4e8c8558501d67675417e2
chatgpt: Popular YouTube Vlogger, Roman Atwood, recently found himself in hot water with his wife after a prank gone wrong. Atwood decided to enlist the help of his two young sons and a dummy dressed in a Spider-Man costume in an elaborate attempt to scare his unsuspecting wife. Atwood set up cameras to capture the entire prank, which saw him feign throwing his son over the balcony. However, the Spider-Man suit worn by the boy was just a guise, as the supposed "son" was actually a carefully crafted dummy made to look like the little boy.  It seems, however, that Atwood's prank didn't have the desired effect on his wife as she was left unamused and, in fact, chastised him for his behavior. In a video posted to his YouTube channel, Atwood can be seen getting lectured by his wife for the elaborate prank he pulled on her.  Despite the fact that the prank may have been a bit too intense for his wife's liking, Atwood defended his actions, stating that he simply wanted to give his fans something to laugh about.  "I just wanted to give you guys some entertainment, I wanted to give you something to laugh at because I know that's why you watch," Atwood explained in his video.  However, Atwood's fans were quick to jump to his defense, with many applauding him for his creativity and sense of humor.  "Roman is hilarious, this was just another one of his classic pranks," one fan commented.  Another fan agreed, stating that, "Roman always goes above and beyond with his pranks, and this one was no exception. I can't wait to see what he comes up with next."  Despite the backlash he's received, Atwood has continued to post pranks and videos to his popular YouTube channel, which boasts nearly 15 million subscribers. In fact, he recently posted a video titled "Epic Slingshot Pick-Up Prank," which sees him firing eggs at unsuspecting strangers from a slingshot.  It seems that Atwood is determined to keep his fans entertained, regardless of the opinion of his wife or anyone else who may disapprove of his pranks.  As for his wife's ultimatum, Atwood revealed in the comments section of his video that he had, indeed, ended up sleeping on the couch.  It remains to be seen what other antics Atwood will get up to in the future, but one thing is for sure - his fans will be eagerly awaiting his next move.