article: Owners of a fish and chip shop have made some mammoth fries after a sack of giant potatoes were delivered to the takeaway - some measuring up to a foot long. Jonathan Noblett, the owner of Noblett's chip shop in Preston, Lancashire, said: 'We get fresh spuds every day, and in this particular bag there were the biggest potatoes I've ever seen. 'Some were a foot long. I noticed as soon as I opened the bag.' Jonathan Noblett, pictured, said these giant potatoes were the largest he has ever seen in his life . Mr Noblett, said once he seen the giant potatoes he had to try and deep fry them to make the ultimate chip . The potatoes came from the Four Fields Farm in Pilling, Preston in Lancashire . He said: 'As they were coming out I was thinking I've never seen anything like this before in my life.' The chip shop uses potatoes from Four Fields Farm in Pilling, Preston, Lancashire. Mr Noblett said: 'We had customers commenting saying they had never seen anything like it. 'We made chips out of them and they were massive.' Farmer Arnold Ronson said: 'We usually get them quite big most years with this particular variety, arcade. 'We thought they would be small this year with it being dry, because they need a bit of water. 'But they must have had just the right amount of water at the right time. It's been a good crop. 'The big potatoes keep jamming up the machine that weighs and bags the spuds.' The giant potatoes were 'arcades' and grew to a giant size this year despite a relatively dry summer .
highlights: Jonathan Noblett said some of the potatoes in the bag were 12 inches long . The chip shop owner from Preston said he uses fresh potatoes every day . He is supplied by local farmer Arnold Ronson of the Four Fields Farm . Mr Ronson said this crop was so large they would get stuck in his machines .
id: 2d18f32bf704f7e1691634cfe364155ad0c6763a
chatgpt: A chip shop owner from Preston has been left stunned by the size of a delivery of potatoes from local farmer Arnold Ronson of Four Fields Farm. Jonathan Noblett said that some of the potatoes in the bag were a staggering 12 inches long. Mr. Noblett, who runs the award-winning chip shop in the heart of Preston, said that he uses fresh potatoes every day, and that Arnold is his main supplier. Speaking to reporters, Noblett said "I was genuinely shocked when I saw the size of these potatoes. Some of them are longer than my forearm! But despite their size, they are absolutely perfect for making chips." Arnold Ronson, the farmer who supplied the gargantuan potatoes, said he had never seen a crop like it before. "This year's crop has been incredible," he explained, "but some of the potatoes were so large they were getting stuck in my machines. It's a nice problem to have, of course - and I knew exactly who to deliver them to." Mr. Ronson, who has been farming for over 40 years, supplies a number of local restaurants and cafes with his produce, but Noblett's chip shop is his biggest customer. "We have a great relationship," he said, "and it's always a pleasure to supply him with such high-quality potatoes." The chip shop owner added that he plans to use the potatoes to make his signature dish - chips as big as your head. "These potatoes will be perfect for that," he said. "Our customers love them, and I can't wait to see their reactions when they see just how big they are." Despite their size, the potatoes come at a very reasonable price, and Mr. Noblett says he has no plans to raise his prices. "We're always looking for ways to keep our prices competitive," he said, "and this delivery of potatoes is no different. We want to provide our customers with the best chips in town, at a price they can afford."