article: By . David Kent . Every day Sportsmail takes a look at the European papers to see what are the biggest stories creating talking points on the continent. Vicente del Bosque turned down the chance to succeed David Moyes as Manchester United manager and was offered the job before Louis van Gaal, according to reports in the Spanish press. The veteran Spain boss was nominated as the first-choice replacement for the sacked Scot by Sir Alex Ferguson and the Red Devils made their approach in April, according to AS. But the 63-year-old former Real Madrid boss reportedly would not even consider talking to the club, and instead has signed a new deal to extend his time in charge of the Spanish national team until after Euro 2016. Revelations: Vicente del Bosque's rejection of Manchester United over their manager's job (left) and Barcelona's interest in Marquinhos (right) are the big news in the Spanish press on Wednesday morning . United have since confirmed that Van Gaal will be their new boss following the World Cup in Brazil this summer. But AS also report that the Dutchman was only one of three names on United's shortlist, along with Del Bosque and Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone. Del Bosque could have made vastly more money by taking charge of United, but apparently refused even to entertain the approach. Madrid president Florentino Perez had claimed on Tuesday that Manchester United wanted Carlo Ancelotti to take over from Ferguson last year. Speaking on Spanish radio, Perez suggested Ferguson only chose Moyes after Ancelotti told him he was replacing Jose Mourinho at the Bernabeu. Meanwhile, Mundo Deportivo are reporting that Barcelona have offered Paris Saint-Germain £16million plus Dani Alves for Marquinhos. The super-rich French club, who are set to sign David Luiz from Chelsea in a huge deal, have reportedly rebuffed the offer and instead want £24.5m plus Alves before they consider a deal for the 20-year-old Brazilian centre-half. Barcelona have also been told they will need to splash out for Roma defender Mehdi Benatia. The Moroccan defender had a hugely impressive debut season as Roma finished second in Serie A and has attracted interested from Barca, Manchester City and United. But Roma have told any potential suitors that the 27-year-old will cost them £32m, according to Italian daily Il Romanista. Read all about it: Il Romanista featured Mehdi Benatia (left) while L'Equipe focused on France's victory (right) In France, L'Equipe hailed Les Bleus' 4-0 friendly win over Norway as 'giving life' to the national side's World Cup campaign. Olivier Giroud scored twice, while Loic Remy and Paul Pogba also found the net as Didier Deschamps' men saw off the Norwegians with ease. And the result has seemingly left France upbeat ahead of the tournament in Brazil.
highlights: Vicente del Bosque turned down Manchester United job after David Moyes was sacked, according to Spanish press . Spain boss was Man Utd's first-choice replacement for Moyes . Vicente del Bosque has since signed a new contract to extent his time in charge of Spanish national team until after Euro 2016 . Spain manager will lead his nation in 2014 World Cup this June . Meanwhile, Mundo Deportivo are reporting that Barcelona have bid £16million plus Dani Alves for Brazilian centre-half Marquinhos .
id: a5f3bfe191f32c97977df0e88e3ba52106c463f0
chatgpt: According to Spanish press, Vicente del Bosque has turned down the Manchester United job after David Moyes was sacked earlier this year. Del Bosque was reportedly Man Utd's first-choice replacement for Moyes, but the Spain boss has since signed a new contract to extend his time in charge of the Spanish national team until after Euro 2016.  The news comes as no surprise to some, as del Bosque has consistently shown loyalty to his current role as the manager of the Spanish national team. The 63-year-old has led Spain to both European and World Cup glory, cementing his status as one of the greatest managers in international football history. Del Bosque will lead his nation in the 2014 World Cup this June, and it's clear that he sees his future with the national team for a while longer. Meanwhile, reports are emerging that Barcelona has bid £16million plus Dani Alves for Brazilian centre-half Marquinhos. The Catalan giants have been in the market for a new defender, and Marquinhos is one of their top targets. It's said that Barcelona is willing to part with the Brazilian right-back Alves, who has been with the club since 2008, to secure the services of the Paris Saint-Germain defender. Marquinhos has been a key player for PSG since joining the club in 2013, and at only 21 years old, he has already established himself as one of the top defenders in Europe. Barcelona has been impressed with his performances for PSG, and it's clear that they see him as the ideal long-term replacement for the ageing Carles Puyol. However, it remains to be seen whether PSG will accept the reported offer. Alves could be a valuable asset to the French champions, who are looking to strengthen their squad ahead of next season's Champions League campaign. It's clear that Barcelona sees Marquinhos as a top priority, but whether they're willing to raise their bid remains to be seen. In conclusion, Vicente del Bosque's rejection of the Manchester United job is a reflection of his loyalty to the Spanish national team. Del Bosque's decision to extend his contract until after Euro 2016 will be celebrated by Spanish football fans, who have come to admire his success with the national team. Meanwhile, Barcelona's reported bid for Marquinhos demonstrates their determination to strengthen their defence ahead of next season. With negotiations ongoing and the transfer window yet to close, there's no doubt that this story will continue to develop over the coming weeks.