article: Four days after 22-year-old Elliot Rodger killed six people on the University of Santa Barbara campus, authorities seized seven guns and 1,000 rounds of ammunition from another student who accidentally fired a bullet into his neighbor's apartment. Sheriff's Sgt. Mark Williams says the cases are unconnected. Kevin Tym, 21, told authorities he was 'playing' with his Glock 17 handgun when he accidentally fired, and the bullet went through a wall, narrowly missing his neighbor on the other side. More guns: UCSB student Kevin Tym was arrested . on Tuesday after accidentally firing a fun into his neighbor's apartment . Stock: Police . discovered a large cache of weapons inside Tym's apartment on Pardell . Road, on the edge of campus. His arrest came four days after Elliot . Rodger's rampage . When police arrived on the scene they found Tym was in posession of 1,000 rounds of ammunition and seven firearms - including high-capacity assault rifles. All of the weapons were legally owned, but police confiscated them none the less. Tym was arrested Tuesday afternoon at his apartment on the 6500 block of Pardell Road, and charged with negligently discharging a firearm and possessing high-capacity assault rifle magazines which are illegal in California unless they were purchased before January 1, 2000. The student has since been released from jail on $2,500 bail. Tym's arrest came just two hours before a memorial service to honor the six killed and 13 injured in Rodger's Friday rampage on the campus. Twenty thousand people filed into Harder Stadium for the ceremony - just a few blocks away from Tym's apartment. Richard Martinez, father of one of the victims, gave a moving speech supporting a change in gun-ownership legislation. Close to home: Tym's arrest happened just two hours before a memorial for the six killed in Elliot Rodger's rampage. More than 20,000 people attended the memorial just blocks away at Harder Stadium . 'Not one more': Richard Martinez, father of one of the victims, gave a moving speech asking for change in gun control laws .
highlights: Authorities say the arrest was unrelated to Elliot Rodger's Friday rampage . On Tuesday, 21-year-old Kevin Tym was arrested after accidentally shooting a bullet into his neighbor's apartment on the UCSB campus . Tym told authorities he was 'playing' with his Glock 17 when it accidentally fired - nearly missing his next-door neighbor . Cops seized 1,000 rounds of ammunition and seven firearms - including high-capacity assault rifles . All of the weapons were legally owned . Tym was booked and then released from jail when he posted $2,500 bond .
id: 328b5a0d520bf10fd9fa2aa6377cd174aae4aa62
chatgpt: A 21-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday for what authorities say was an unrelated incident to the recent mass shooting on the University of California, Santa Barbara campus. Kevin Tym was taken into custody after accidentally shooting a bullet into his neighbor's apartment. The incident occurred while Tym was allegedly "playing" with his Glock 17 firearm. Fortunately, the bullet missed Tym's neighbor by mere inches. However, the incident was alarming enough to prompt authorities to investigate further. Upon searching Tym's apartment, they discovered a stash of firearms including seven firearms and 1,000 rounds of ammunition. Despite the alarming nature of the discovery, all of the weapons in Tym's possession were legally owned. In addition to his Glock, the police found high-capacity assault rifles among the seized weapons. Tym was booked, but was later released on a $2,500 bond. Police sources have stressed that there is no connection between Tym's arrest and the recent shooting rampage by Elliot Rodger just days earlier. While the investigation is ongoing, authorities do not believe that Tym posed a threat to the public or that he had any intention of using his weapons in any violent manner. The discovery of Tym's weapons stash has raised questions about California's gun laws and the ease with which firearms can be purchased legally. While the state has some of the strictest gun laws in the nation, critics have pointed out that loopholes exist that allow individuals with a history of mental illness or criminal background to still obtain firearms. Regardless of the broader issue of gun control, authorities are relieved that Tym did not cause any harm with his firearms. While accidental shootings are still a serious issue, it is clear that this incident was not linked in any way to the tragic events that occurred on Friday.