article: By . Australian Associated Press . 'I'll be stuffed if I'll be tweeting.' That was ex-cabinet minister Greg Combet's gruff response when asked by then prime minister Julia Gillard to increase his online presence. And he didn't say 'stuffed'. 'The word used ... was more earthy,' Ms Gillard said at the launch of Mr Combet's book, Fights of My Life, in Sydney on Tuesday. The memoir, co-written by journalist Mark Davis, recounts Mr Combet's life, including his time heading the ACTU and his six years in parliament. The book made news before its launch over revelations Ms Gillard offered Mr Combet the leadership of the Labor party in a bid to thwart Kevin Rudd's comeback. Scroll down for video . Greg Combet's new book - The Fights Of My Life - revealed Julia Gillard's approach over the prime ministership . Greg Combet spent six years in Parliament - first in Kevin Rudd's government then serving as a Cabinet minister for Julia Gillard . 'There came a time when it became clear to me that my leadership was likely to come to an early end,' Ms Gillard said. 'My belief that the nation and the political party needed to be led by someone with good values and a clear sense of purpose remained strong. 'It was not to be.' Trades Hall was packed with current and former Labor luminaries, including former prime minister Bob Hawke, deputy opposition leader Tanya Plibersek, Craig Emerson, John Faulkner and Penny Wong. In his book, Mr Combet reveals his desire to leave parliament by the time of Ms Gillard's approach, as well as his battles with cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis, which contributed to a degree of physical pain during Labor's second term. Powerful leaders: Former prime ministers Bob Hawke (left) and Gillard (right) celebrate Combet's book launch . Defending the achievements of the government, Mr Combet said an emissions trading scheme was the most environmentally effective way of reducing carbon emissions. Like the theme of his career and book, Mr Combet said important reforms had to be fought for. 'That's one of the messages of my book,' he said. 'When I'm out on the street and people say they don't like (Prime Minister Tony Abbott's budget) ... well, you've got to stand up and fight,' he said to applause. 'There's no point moaning about it. You've got to stand up, join together and bring about change.'
highlights: Gillard offered Combet the top job to thwart Kevin Rudd's comeback bid . Combet declined because he was already thinking about leaving politics . Cites his ill-health at the time for wanting to drop out of public life . Also swore he'd never use Twitter when told to increase online presence .
id: 4a8e64bcda9ed9b274643df1ff34859369aedff0
chatgpt: Former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard revealed she offered former Climate Change Minister Greg Combet the top job in the Labor party to counter Kevin Rudd's looming comeback. However, Combet declined due to already considering leaving politics. Gillard disclosed the details in her memoir, explaining that she feared a Rudd comeback could divide the party and diminish Labor's chances of winning the upcoming election. She believed Combet, who was extremely popular within the party, could serve as a unifying figure. Despite the offer, Combet had already made up his mind to step away from politics due to health concerns. He was suffering from a thyroid condition and did not want to continue in such a demanding and high-pressure job. Combet has been open about his struggles with depression and anxiety in the past, and Gillard revealed in her memoirs that he was also experiencing severe physical symptoms due to his illness. Gillard respected his decision and described him as "a gentleman of great character and capacity". In addition to his health issues, Combet also refused to use Twitter despite being encouraged to do so to boost his online presence. He later described the social media platform as a "cesspool of iniquity." Despite his declining the top job, Combet continued to serve as Climate Change Minister until the Labor party lost the election in 2013. After leaving politics, he focused on addressing climate change and became an adviser to the United Nations Secretary-General. In her memoir, Gillard praised Combet for his integrity, intelligence, and commitment to public service. She referred to his decision to refuse the top job as an example of his dedication to the greater good and his unwillingness to put his personal ambitions before the wider interests of the party. The Labor party was eventually defeated by the Coalition in the 2013 election, and Kevin Rudd resigned from politics shortly after. However, the party has since regrouped and remains a significant political force in Australia. In conclusion, Gillard's revelation about her offer to Combet sheds light on the inner workings of the Labor party during a critical period of Australian political history. Combet's decision to decline the top job and focus on his health and his commitment to the greater good of the party is a testament to his character and dedication to public service.