article: George W. Bush might have developed a brotherly relationship with Bill Clinton -- but he's still picking his actual brother, Jeb, over Clinton's wife, Hillary, in a potential 2016 presidential match-up. The two former presidents have developed a close friendship, with Bush sometimes calling Clinton his "brother from another mother." In an interview, CNN's Candy Crowley asked Bush what that makes Hillary Clinton. "My sister-in-law," he said. Hillary and Jeb: How the deciders decide . But when asked whether his brother, former Florida Republican Gov. Jeb Bush, could run against his sister-in-law, the 43rd president said: "Yeah, and I think he'd beat her." Bush said there's no question Clinton is formidable, but his brother is, as well. The potential Clinton vs. Bush matchup would pit two of the most important American political dynasties of recent decades against each other for the second time. The public is the private Jeb Bush . Bill Clinton ousted Bush's father, former President George H.W. Bush, in the 1992 election. The younger Bush then defeated Clinton Vice President Al Gore to succeed Clinton in the 2000 election. Hillary Clinton ran for the job when Bush left office in 2008, but lost to Barack Obama in the Democratic primary. Bush 43 on Jeb Bush 2016 run: 'A toss-up ... I'm all in for him' Both the former secretary of state and the Florida governor have maintained their families' vast political and fundraising networks. Clinton would be the prohibitive favorite to win the Democratic nomination, while Bush would likely face a stiffer challenge from conservative critics during his primary thanks to some of his positions on education and immigration policy. Bush has urged Jeb to run for president, he's said in several recent interviews. Jeb Bush, meanwhile, said this week that he plans to make a decision early next year. "He's seen what it's like to be the son of a president. He's seen what it's like to be the brother of a president," Bush said. "And therefore he's being very -- he is not rushing into running for the presidency. I have no clue where his head is now." Jeb Bush ignores family history in Obama immigration hit .
highlights: Former President George W. Bush says Hillary Clinton is his 'sister-in-law' Bush said he thinks his brother, Jeb, would win a presidential contest against Clinton .
id: 299c6cf2c07debf682e32b81d6bf3c9176cdb00a
chatgpt: Former President George W. Bush spoke publicly on Thursday about the presidential candidacy of his brother, Jeb, and his thoughts on the current Democratic frontrunner, Hillary Clinton. In an interview with CNN's Jamie Gangel at the Bush family compound in Kennebunkport, Maine, Bush referred to Clinton as his "sister-in-law". When asked about the possibility of his brother winning the Republican nomination and facing Clinton in the general election, Bush responded confidently. "I do believe he would beat Hillary," he said. "I think he’d be a great president." Bush went on to praise his brother's leadership qualities and experience, stating that he was "thoughtful, experienced, and forward thinking." He also highlighted Jeb's success as Florida's governor, where he balanced the state's budget and oversaw significant job growth. While Bush expressed faith in his brother's candidacy, he also acknowledged the challenges associated with running for president. "It's a tough business," he said, "it's brutal." Despite these challenges, Bush expressed his belief that Jeb's campaign would ultimately be successful. "I think he's got a good chance," he stated. The former president's comments come at a critical time for the Clinton campaign, as the former secretary of state continues to face scrutiny over her handling of classified emails. Recent polls have shown her support dipping somewhat among Democratic voters, while Republican candidates, including Jeb Bush, have gained ground. Despite the political tensions, Bush made it clear that his relationship with Clinton was cordial. "We don't see each other much," he said, "but she's a solid woman, and she'd make a good president." As for Jeb's prospects, Bush reflected on the unpredictable nature of presidential campaigns, and the importance of a presidential candidate connecting with voters. "I know this about my brother," he said. "He can connect with the American people." With the presidential race in full swing, the comments of one of America's most recognizable political figures are sure to add to the ongoing discussion. As the contest heats up, only time will tell which candidates will ultimately succeed, and which will fall short.