article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . A spelling error by hospital staff meant they missed a crucial chance to help a troubled mother who later killed herself. NHS workers made a tiny keyboard mistake that left them unaware of Marie Natalie Piner’s long history of depression. The records that would have shown her mental health issues were missed, and the young mother was discharged. Marie Natalie Piner was found dead after she was discharged from hospital. A spelling blunder by NHS staff meant they were unaware of her long history of depression . The 36-year-old was later found dead in a car in her home town of Clacton, Essex after taking an overdose of prescription pills. The . computer system used at the hospital at the centre of the incident has . now been revamped following the death, an inquest heard. The hearing was . told that staff at Colchester General Hospital saw Mrs Piner on . November 27 last year. They inputted her maiden name L’Aimable on a . computer – but left off the vital apostrophe. The mistake meant her long history of treatment for depression did not appear on screen. She was still referred to mental health staff, who carried out an assessment but then discharged her. Just . weeks later on December 8 last year, Mrs Piner was reported missing . after she phoned her daughter and a friend, warning them that she had . large amounts of pills and intended to take them all. The . disappearance sparked a major search involving a police helicopter and . lifeboats. Mrs Piner was found dead four days later in a Mercedes C180 . in a Clacton car park. A . toxicology report showed she had a fatal amount of the prescription . opiate Tramadol in her system. A spokesman for North Essex Partnership, . which carried out the mental health assessment, said a revamped computer . system is set to go live from October. Changes mean that slight mistakes on spellings will still yield search results. The . spokesman said: ‘Mrs Piner was referred for assessment in November 2012 . following treatment in a general hospital setting, but under her maiden . name L’Aimable and unfortunately without the apostrophe. ‘During her assessment she did not disclose her previous psychiatric history. ‘Regrettably . the consequence was that at the end of her mental health assessment, . with the information available, and with Mrs Piner’s agreement, no . further support was required from the Trust at that time.’ Essex assistant coroner Eleanor McGann ruled the death was a suicide as a result of an overdose. She said: ‘Mrs Piner had a very high level of Tramadol in her system - much higher than would be required to kill somebody.’
highlights: Marie Natalie Piner killed herself just weeks after being discharged . Inquest heard that a mental health assessor missed a vital apostrophe in the maiden name she had given - meaning her history of depression didn't appear . Toxicology report showed she had a fatal amount of the prescription opiate Tramadol in her system .
id: 2e5c36e5432a9f4b497f8168c9705c2c8766f201
chatgpt: Marie Natalie Piner, a 24-year-old from Surrey, took her own life just weeks after being discharged from mental health services. Her inquest illuminated a shocking oversight that resulted in Piner's history of depression not being accounted for by the mental health assessor assigned to her case. Piner had given her maiden name to the assessor, which unfortunately missed a vital apostrophe. As a result, her history of depression did not appear in the assessment report. This omission proved to be a catastrophic error that had dire consequences. The inquest revealed that Piner had a history of depression and had made several suicide attempts in the past, but this was not disclosed during her assessment. The inquest also heard that Piner was referred to a mental health service after experiencing a mental breakdown. The mental health service conducted an initial assessment and recommended a follow-up appointment within two weeks. However, Piner did not attend this appointment, and the service failed to follow up with her, despite several attempts to contact her. The inquest revealed that Piner had also been prescribed the opiate painkiller Tramadol. A toxicology report showed that she had a fatal amount of the drug in her system at the time of her death. The coroner, Mr. Andre Rebello, stated that Piner's missed history of depression was a major factor in her death. He stressed the importance of mental health assessments being conducted thoroughly and with adequate attention to detail. He further added, "In this case, it's clear that a vital piece of information was missed, which would have been a significant factor in the care and management of Ms Piner's mental health struggles." Piner's family expressed their heartbreak over losing their beloved daughter and sister. They also highlighted the need for transparency and accountability in mental health services, ensuring that vulnerable individuals receive the care they require. The case of Marie Natalie Piner has highlighted the importance of meticulous record-keeping and thorough assessments to ensure that those who seek mental health support receive the appropriate care. It has also highlighted the need for mental health services to be adequately staffed and resourced, enabling them to provide follow-up care to those in need.