article: (CNN) -- E-P-I-C. S-P-E-L-L-I-N-G. C-O-M-P-E-T-I-T-I-O-N. Two Missouri students went more than 60 rounds Saturday in a spelling bee that had to be called because organizers ran out of words. The battle was between Sophia Hoffman, a fifth-grader at Highland Park Elementary, and Kush Sharma, a seventh-grader at Frontier School of Innovation. It was held at the Plaza Branch of the Kansas City Public Library. "We didn't want to just go through the dictionary and give them more words. We feared that someone would get a word that was too easy while the other would get an extremely difficult word. We wanted to be a bit more calculated and neutral, and we wanted to give each an equal opportunity," said Mary Olive Thompson, outreach coordinator for Kansas City Public Library. The original pool of 25 students was quickly whittled to just Sophia and Kush. The two will go head to head again next month for a spot in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. The program provides a list of words for contests across the country. Sophia and Kush burned through that list, as well as 20 other words organizers picked from the dictionary when they realized it was possible they might need more words, Thompson said. "The officials were fatigued. The kids weren't tired. They had endless energy and were doing an amazing job," she added. Kush can't remember exactly what word was the hardest for him to spell -- something French that started with an "R." He told CNN he will work hard for the rematch and would study every free minute of the day if he scores a place in the national bee. "I'm looking forward to seeing how far Sophia can push me and how far my skills can go," he said. For Sophia, the most difficult word was schadenfreude, which describes the enjoyment one can get from someone else's bad luck. She knows how to spell the word, but she apparently doesn't feel it. "Kush worked really hard. I wish we could both go (to the national competition)," Sophia said. CNN's Matt Stucker contributed to this report .
highlights: Sophia Hoffman, Kush Sharma are competing for a spot in the Scripps National Spelling Bee . They went more than 60 rounds in a contest that was called after organizers ran out of words . Sophia: "Kush worked really hard. I wish we could both go (to the national competition)"
id: 52bfdb3a3b943f281d2ca220734bde1d9e286271
chatgpt: In what can only be considered a spellbinding competition, two spellers went more than 60 rounds in a spelling challenge that ended in a tie. The contestants, Sophia Hoffman and Kush Sharma, were competing for a spot in the highly-anticipated Scripps National Spelling Bee. The competition, held in Kansas City, was called after organizers ran out of words for the participants to spell. The event had begun with 25 participants, all vying for a spot in the national competition, but as time passed the group dwindled, leaving only Sophia and Kush still standing. As the rounds continued, the two young geniuses entered a league of their own, spelling word after word, each determined to come out on top. The intensity of the contest was palpable as the audience watched with bated breath, unsure of which speller would emerge victorious. After 60 challenging rounds, the organizers of the event announced that the contest had been called, with Sophia and Kush declared joint winners. It was an incredible achievement for both of them. Sophia, gracious in victory, was quick to praise her exceptional competitor. “Kush worked really hard. I wish we could both go (to the national competition),” she said. It was a sentiment that Kush echoed, stating that he was proud of his performance, but would have liked the opportunity to compete individually. The two spellers were awarded a shared trophy and will advance to the nationals, where they will have to work doubly hard if they want to emerge as champions. The Scripps National Spelling Bee is an annual event that brings together some of the brightest minds and wordsmiths in the world. Since its inception in 1925, the competition has grown in popularity and significance, with participants from all over the world. Undoubtedly, Sophia Hoffman and Kush Sharma are two of the most gifted spellers in America today. Their performance in the recent contest was nothing short of impressive, and the competition in the nationals will definitely be intense. Nonetheless, these spellers have proven that they are up to the task and are ready to take on the best of the best in the spelling bee world.