article: A man who couldn't find a black doll in the shops as a gift for his niece decided to take matters into his own hands. In 2007, Taofick Okoya, 43, created his own doll that Nigerian girls could identify with by recreating their skin colour and style - and it is now so successful that it is outselling Barbie. The doll, which is called Queens of Africa, comes with traditional outfits and accessories and costs around £4.50. Scroll down for video . A Nigerian businessman decided to create  own doll that Nigerian girls could identify with called Queens of Africa, by recreating their skin colour and style - and now it's outselling Barbie in his native country . The dolls' look is modelled on three of the country's biggest tribes and aims to promote strong feminine ideals, like love, peace and endurance. The doll is now so popular that, according to Reuters, it is selling up to 9,000 units a month -  a staggering 15 per cent of the country's toy market. But the Queens of Africa aren't just selling in their home country. Thanks to the doll's online presence, customers are coming from as far as America, Brazil and Europe. Thanks to the doll's online presence, customers are coming from as far as America, Brazil and Europe . The dolls' are modelled on three of the country's biggest tribes and aims to promote strong feminine ideals . The doll is now so popular that, it is selling up to 9,000 units a month - 15 per cent of the country's toy market . Speaking to ELLE about his dolls out-selling Barbie in his native Nigeria, Okoya said: 'My mission is to make the Queens of Africa a symbol of hope, trust, and confidence by promoting African history, culture, and fashion.' One person that Okoya really hopes the dolls will have a positive impact on is his daughter, who, he explains, once wished she was white. Okoya said: 'I don't believe Mattel sees the Nigerian market as a priority, yet their product has great influence on the psyche of the children here and affirms certain values contrary to our society' He explained that even though they live in Nigeria, there was a lot of Western influence. He said: '[This] might have been responsible for her wishing she was white. It made me aware that I needed to make her proud and happy being a black African girl, and not limit it to her alone as this was a common trend among the younger generation. The Queens of Africa became a platform to achieve this.' Unfortunately, Okoya has been told that he won't be able to sell the dolls on the shelves of mainline stories in America and will have to limit his business to specialist stores. But he is determined to see the decision overturned, he said: 'I am looking to prove them wrong.'
highlights: In 2007, Taofick Okoya, created a doll that Nigerian girls could identify with . 43-year-old based his Queens of Africa dolls on country's biggest tribes . They cost roughly £4.50 and aim to promote strong feminine ideals .
id: 260cacd866466929399dfc072937d4125d68ecd1
chatgpt: Nigeria's very own 'Queens of Africa' dolls are taking the toy industry by storm. Created by 43-year-old Taofick Okoya, these dolls are designed to reflect the country's biggest tribes and promote strong feminine ideals. Okoya noticed a gap in the market in 2007 when he realized that there were no dolls that Nigerian girls could truly relate to. Frustrated with the lack of representation in mainstream toys, he decided to take matters into his own hands. Using his background in marketing, Okoya set out to create a unique product that could reflect the values and culture of Nigerian society. Each of the Queens of Africa dolls represents a different tribe in the country and is designed to promote positive role models for girls. The dolls are affordable too, retailing for around £4.50 each. This means they are accessible to a wider audience and can help promote diversity and representation in the toy industry in Nigeria and beyond. The Queens of Africa dolls have not only been a hit with children but have also received praise from parents and educators. The dolls provide an opportunity to teach girls about their history and heritage while also promoting self-esteem and positive body image. Okoya's vision was to create dolls that could inspire girls to embrace their identities and overcome stereotypes. By promoting the diversity of Nigerian culture, the Queens of Africa dolls are helping to create a world where girls from all backgrounds feel valued and empowered. According to Okoya, the dolls have become so popular that they have started to attract international attention. This newfound success has inspired him to create more dolls that represent different African countries. Okoya is hopeful that his creations will continue to inspire girls everywhere to be proud of who they are and to celebrate their unique qualities. His dolls serve as a reminder that representation matters and that every girl deserves to see herself in the toys and media around her. The Queens of Africa dolls are a prime example of how a simple idea can have a big impact on society. By creating a product that reflects the values and cultures of Nigeria, Okoya has achieved his goal of creating positive role models for young girls. These dolls are a game-changer in the toy industry and an inspiration for children everywhere. They demonstrate the power of representation and the importance of diversity in promoting self-esteem and empowerment for girls. As Okoya continues to create more dolls, he is paving the way for a more inclusive and representative toy industry that celebrates the beauty and diversity of different cultures. The Queens of Africa dolls are an important step towards achieving this goal and will continue to inspire countless girls around the world.