article: A woman is fighting to get the Facebook page of her sister's killer taken down after discovering he had uploaded a new profile picture while in jail. Doris Reeves logged into Facebook last month to see pictures of her grandchildren, but was shocked to find that Joseph Kennedy had posted a new photograph in his prison uniform. Kennedy is serving a life sentence plus 40 years for the kidnap and murder of her younger sister, Karen Yarbrough, in 2001, after stabbing her 14 times. Mrs Reeves said: 'It just makes me so angry something needs to be done. It would mean everything to me just to get it down.' Investigation: Convicted murderer Joseph Kennedy has provoked outrage after posting this profile picture on his Facebook page showing him in his prison uniform while serving a life sentence . Furious: Doris Reeves logged into Facebook last month to see pictures of her grandchildren, but was shocked to find that Joseph Kennedy had posted a new photograph in his prison uniform . She has been trying to get the page removed for the last four weeks, but officials at the Arizona Department of Corrections (ADC) say they can't take action without his user and password. An investigation has been launched to establish how Kennedy was able to access Facebook in side the unit in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, as inmates are banned from using mobile phones. Shea Wilson told KARK: 'We are still investigating what happened in this case, it is obvious the inmate was able to get an electronic device and get on Facebook.' Facebook said the ADC had not yet requested that Kennedy's page be taken down. Victim: Kennedy is serving a life sentence plus 40 years for the kidnap and murder of Mrs Reeves's younger sister, Karen Yarbrough (pictured left), in 2001, after stabbing her 14 times . A spokesman said: 'If we receive a report from the department of corrections that an inmate is using Facebook in violation of local laws or the regulations of the prison facility, the page would be deactivated.' Officers at the ADC confiscate around 300 mobile phones from prisoners each year. If found guilty of having a mobile behind bars, Kennedy could lose good time and one year of phone use. High . times: Michael Simoneau-Meunier published these photos of himself . apparently smoking marijuana and drinking alcohol while behind bars . It comes just days after a Canadian prisoner was photographed apparently smoking marijuana and drinking alcohol while in prison. QMI . Agency reported Michael Simoneau-Meunier, who is spending time inside . the Bordeaux prison in Montreal, was snapped in the photos and uploaded . them to Facebook. Simoneau-Meunier . captioned the photos 'Xo and blunt living da jail life.'Between 2007 . and 2013, prison personnel recovered 567 cell phones at Bordeaux. Look at me! Simoneau-Meunier has also published a number of shirtless selfies to his Facebook page .
highlights: Doris Reeves shocked to find image of Joseph Kennedy in prison uniform . Kennedy serving life plus 40 years for murdering her sister Karen Yarbrough . Mrs Reeves: 'I'm so angry. It would mean everything just to get it down'
id: 98e3fc7d48086176ff2333cca31aae19eb4d1d0c
chatgpt: In a shocking discovery, Doris Reeves stumbled upon an image of Joseph Kennedy, the man responsible for murdering her sister Karen Yarbrough, clad in a prison uniform. The discovery has left Reeves both stunned and angry. Kennedy is serving a life sentence plus 40 years for the brutal killing of Yarbrough. It is an event that has haunted Reeves and her family for years. However, finding a picture of the killer in a prison jumpsuit has only exacerbated the pain and feelings of loss. "I'm so angry," said Reeves. "It would mean everything just to get it down." The photograph was taken during Kennedy's incarceration in a federal penitentiary. It was shared on social media and quickly made its way to Reeves. Seeing the man who killed her sister in such a casual setting was a shock she had not anticipated. Reeves has been working tirelessly to get the photograph taken down from social media, but it has proven a challenging feat. Despite her attempts and the support of her family, the image remains online. "It's not fair," Reeves stated. "He's in prison, but I can't escape this picture." The discovery has reignited feelings of loss and pain for Reeves, who has been working to find justice for her sister since her untimely death. Yarbrough was just 27 years old when she was killed, leaving behind a young son and devastated family. Kennedy was found guilty of the murder in 1997, and has been serving his sentence ever since. However, the discovery of the photograph has stirred up mixed emotions for the family and the larger community. On one hand, the image serves as a reminder of the heinous act committed by Kennedy, and the loss Reeves and her family have endured. On the other hand, it has also put a human face to the man behind the crime, causing some to question the ethics of sharing such an image. Regardless of the debates surrounding the photograph, Reeves is focused on her mission of getting it taken down. "I don't want my family or anyone who knew Karen to have to see this," she said. "It's important to me that we honor her memory and focus on the good she brought to our lives." Reeves hopes that by continuing to work towards getting the image removed, she can find closure and move forward in her journey towards healing. As for Kennedy, he remains behind bars, serving his sentence for the murder of Karen Yarbrough.