article: (CNN) -- A former police officer convicted of multiple murders in the 1980s was executed Tuesday night in Florida. Manuel Pardo, 56, was pronounced dead at 7:47 p.m. EST at the Florida State Prison in Starke, according to Ann Howard, spokeswoman with the Florida Department of Corrections. His last meal consisted of red beans and rice, roasted pork chops, plantains, avocado and tomato slices with olive oil, eggnog and pumpkin pie, she said. Pardo was sentenced to death after being convicted in 1988 of nine counts of first-degree murder. His attorneys had argued that Florida's recent change in the drug combination it uses for lethal injections would violate their client's civil rights. A judge denied the complaint. In another legal filing, the Supreme Court of Florida denied Pardo's argument that he should have never been tried because he was incompetent to stand trial. David Waksman, who prosecuted the case, dismissed the claim, saying, "He was just a cold-blooded killer who used to be a cop." Pardo's life started on the other side of the law, according to court documents filed by his attorneys. At age 17, he enlisted in the Navy and served honorably from 1974 to 1978. In 1981, Pardo re-enlisted in the Marines and remained a reservist while he worked for the Florida Highway Patrol and the Sweetwater Police Department. In 1985, Pardo was fired from the police department and left the reserves when, according to court documents, "he falsely testified in court about police corruption in the Bahamas." His attorney said the stress of losing his job, compounded with a serious undiagnosed disease, turned him into "someone he was not," a killer. During his trial, Pardo took the stand and admitted to the murders. "He came up with this vigilante story," recalls Waksman. "He said, 'I'm ridding the community of this vermin and technically it is not murder because they're not human beings.'" Previously on CNN.com: Execution set in Florida for convicted cop .
highlights: Manuel Pardo, 56, was convicted of nine murders in the 1980s . He was pronounced dead at 7:47 p.m. ET . His last meal included red beans and rice, roasted pork chops, eggnog and pumpkin pie .
id: 383276b97367a6027e0014720d56f9480c1848ac
chatgpt: Manuel Pardo, a former Florida police officer convicted of nine murders, was executed on Tuesday evening by lethal injection at the Florida State Prison. He was 56 years old when he was pronounced dead at 7:47 PM Eastern Time. Pardo was convicted of killing nine people during a robbery spree in Miami-Dade County in the 1980s. Pardo was described as "one of the most cold-hearted, vicious killers you'll ever meet" by retired homicide detective David Simmons, who investigated the case. Pardo, who had been fired from his police job in 1979 over his mental instability, went on a killing spree between January and April 1986, targeting people he believed were drug dealers. Pardo's execution was carried out after a final meal, which included red beans and rice, roasted pork chops, eggnog, and pumpkin pie. Florida prison officials have traditionally allowed death-row inmates to choose a final meal within reason, and Pardo's request was granted. He ate his last meal with two of his lawyers and a Catholic priest who had been his spiritual adviser. Pardo had fought his conviction for decades, arguing that he was mentally ill at the time of the murders and should not have been sentenced to death. However, his appeals were rejected by numerous courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, which declined to hear his case in 2012. The execution was witnessed by ten people, six of them family members or friends of Pardo's victims. The other four were journalists. Pardo was strapped to a gurney and injected with a lethal dose of drugs. He made no final statement before his death. Pardo's execution marked the 16th in the state of Florida since Governor Rick Scott took office in 2011. The state has one of the largest death rows in the country, with more than 340 inmates awaiting executions. The use of the death penalty has declined in recent years, however, with only 23 executions carried out nationwide in 2017, the second-lowest number since 1991.