article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 14:53 EST, 13 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:37 EST, 14 September 2012 . Hollywood star Angelina Jolie met with Syrian refugees in Turkey today to draw attention to the plight of the hundreds of thousands who have fled their nation's civil war. The trip by Jolie, who is a special envoy for the U.N. refugee agency, comes as Turkey grows increasingly concerned that the number of registered Syrian refugees on its soil - about 80,000 - is becoming difficult to manage. Turkey has also been frustrated in attempts to persuade the international community to help set up safe havens for Syrian civilians inside Syria. Hollywood star Angelina Jolie, left, in her role as special envoy for the U. N. refugee agency, speaks at the Syrian refugee camp in Islahiye, Turkey . Jolie and Antonio Guterres, the U.N. high commissioner for refugees, met privately with refugees at two camps near the Syrian border. Jolie's two-day itinerary in Turkey was also to include a stop in Ankara, the capital, for talks with officials including President Abdullah Gul. Jolie said the refugees had told her they were grateful to Turkey for its help. 'And they are very, very emotional and very deeply saddened by the situation in Syria and very concerned about their families and their friends in their country,' the actress said. Jolie speaks next to UN High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres (right) Jolie speaks next to UN High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres (right) UN special envoy Angelina Jolie with UN High Commissioner for refugees Antonio Guterres . Earlier this week, Jolie and Guterres visited Syrian refugees in Jordan, which is also sheltering those who have fled the 18-month-long conflict in neighboring Syria. Guterres said the sheer number of refugees is taking a toll on Jordan's economy and resources. The U.N. refugee agency has said the number of Syrian refugees seeking its help now tops a quarter-million - and could be far higher. The refugee camp is in the southeastern Turkish city of Kilis and houses some 12,000 refugees . Jolie met with Syrian refugees in Turkey, after visiting Syrian refugee camps in Jordan and Lebanon. There are more than 80,000 Syrian refugees in 11 camps in Turkey . The U.N. refugee agency has said the number of Syrian refugees seeking its help now tops a quarter-million - and could be far higher . Activists estimate some 23,000 people have been killed in the bloodshed in Syria since March 2011. Turkey, which supports the Syrian opposition in its fight against President Bashar Assad's regime, has maintained what it calls an 'open door' policy for Syrians fleeing the violence. Turkey has spent more than $300 million on the refugee crisis and is building three new camps, raising the total number of camps to 14. Several thousand Syrians have been stranded on the Syrian side of the border this month, barred from entering Turkey while they await transfer to the new camps.
highlights: Turkey is growing increasingly concerned about Syrian refugees on its soil . Jolie said the refugees had told her they were grateful to Turkey for its help .
id: 6ccdccea016cac5422e59b7f067781deaf9f0377
chatgpt: Following years of conflict in Syria, Turkey took in more than 3.6 million Syrian refugees, becoming the host country with the largest Syrian refugee population in the world. As the conflict in Syria shows no signs of ending, Turkey is increasingly concerned about the impact of the many refugees now living on its soil. Recently, the famous actress Angelina Jolie spoke about her visit to Turkey, where she met with Syrian refugees and spoke to them about their experiences. During her visit, Jolie expressed her admiration for Turkey's efforts in helping Syrian refugees, stating that the refugees she spoke to had expressed their gratitude for Turkey. However, despite Turkey's efforts in providing assistance to Syrians, providing food, shelter and medical care to over 3 million people is a significant burden. Economic experts say that the cost of hosting refugees in Turkey has reached between $35-40 billion since the beginning of the Syrian conflict. Furthermore, with the ongoing conflict in Syria, there appears to be no end in sight, and Turkey's resources are becoming increasingly stretched. As a result, the Turkish government has been pushing for the creation of a safe zone in northern Syria where refugees can be relocated and provided with necessary assistance. Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly stated that the establishment of a safe zone would alleviate the burden on Turkey, and provide a more permanent solution to the Syrian refugee crisis. However, the creation of such a zone would require significant diplomatic and military efforts, which have not yet been successful. The issue of Syrian refugees has led to tensions within Turkey, with some citizens expressing their dissatisfaction with the number of refugees living in the country. The Turkish government has sought to address these concerns by implementing policies to provide education and training to Syrian refugees, in the hopes of increasing their integration into Turkish society. However, there are still concerns about the social and economic impact of such a large refugee population in Turkey. Critics argue that the high number of refugees has strained the job markets, and put a significant burden on the country's infrastructure. In conclusion, Turkey has played a significant role in helping Syrian refugees affected by the conflict. However, as the conflict continues unabated, Turkey's resources are increasingly stretched, and there are concerns about the long-term impact of such a large refugee population. The creation of a safe zone may be a more permanent solution, but it would require significant diplomatic and military efforts from Turkey and the international community to make it a reality.