article: A mother has been given permission to change the surname of her three-year-old twin sons because of the 'bizarre conduct' of their father. The woman, who cannot be named,  told a family court judge that her children they needed protecting from their father's internet blogging 'activities'. Judge Ross Duggan said the man, who had not seen the children for a year after separating from his wife, is embroiled in litigation about what contact he should have with them. Ruling: A mother will be allowed to change the surname of her twins because of the 'bizarre conduct' of their father on his blog (posed by model) He said the man had a 'perception of martyrdom' and had created a 'protest blog' which he updated 'virtually daily'. Judge Duggan said the man had 'taken to referring' to his estranged wife as 'a drug-addicted alcoholic who suffered from sexually transmitted diseases'. He also said he had posted a medical report relating to one his children, had posted 'extensive details' of litigation issues and had posted his sons' names. The judge said the man had 'let himself down' - and said his 'activity' had been 'severely damaging' to the welfare of the children. And he concluded that allowing the woman to change the children's names was 'necessary and proportionate'. Ruling: The Royal Courts of Justice in London, which has a family division where statements on rulings of family matters are often read out . Detail of the case has emerged in a ruling by Judge Duggan following a hearing in Preston, Lancashire. The judge said the family could not be identified. 'I am persuaded that the desirable preservation of a symbol of a paternal link through the preservation of the surname has to give way to the protection of the children from the father's publication steps,' said Judge Duggan. 'I cannot allow a situation in which the children at an older age and their friends can chance upon web-based insults to the mother ... or anything else that the father decides to publish from time to time in association with their name. 'It seems I cannot realistically stop the father's activities at source but I can stop the harmful consequences, which are, of course, associated with the identification of this material alongside the names of the children. 'In this context, in the children's best interests, it is necessary and proportionate to allow their change of name.'
highlights: Mother argued her children needed protecting from their father's blog . Estranged father blogs 'daily' and claimed she's a drug addict with STDs . Court heard he also published a child's medical report and his sons' names . Judge Ross Duggan agreed to name change because it was 'necessary and proportionate' 'I cannot allow a situation in which the children at an older age and their friends can chance upon web-based insults to the mother,' he said .
id: cc917ee22101a778e8c8b1de1d3f6db9db9b0fe2
chatgpt: A mother has successfully argued that her children needed protection from their father's incendiary blog posts. The father, who is estranged from the mother, has been posting "daily" on his blog, making a series of outlandish claims about his ex-wife, including that she is a drug addict with sexually transmitted diseases. The case was brought before Judge Ross Duggan who heard that the father had also published one of the child's medical reports and revealed the names of his own sons. Concerned about the impact of such negative and public disclosures on the children, the mother sought legal protection, including a name change. Agreeing with the mother's arguments, Judge Duggan issued a ruling that would allow for the name change. In giving his ruling, he argued that it was "necessary and proportionate" to protect the children from the father's internet posting campaign. "I cannot allow a situation in which the children at an older age and their friends can chance upon web-based insults to the mother," said Judge Duggan. The decision is seen as a victory for the mother, who has been fighting to protect her children's identities and privacy. With the name change in place, the children will have greater protection from the father's negative blog posts. The case highlights the dangers of internet publishing and the potential harm that can result from online content. While the internet can be a powerful tool for sharing information and opinions, it can also be used to hurt and damage others. In this case, the father's blog posts had the potential to cause significant harm to the children, who were being effectively "outed" on the internet by their own father. As online publishing becomes more prevalent, it is likely that cases like this will become more common. The challenge, then, for the courts will be to strike a balance between protecting the privacy and safety of individuals, while also upholding the principles of free speech. For now, the mother can take comfort in knowing that she has successfully protected her children from their father's harmful online behavior. And the case should serve as a warning to others who might consider using the internet as a means of publicizing private and personal information.