article: By . Louise Eccles for Daily Mail . Millions of employees in a workplace pension scheme are to be freed from punitive curbs on savings imposed by Brussels. Earners were limited to £4,600 a year in contributions as part of the government-backed National Employment Savings Trust (NEST). They were also barred from transferring old company pensions into the scheme or taking it with them if they moved jobs. Pensions Minister Steve Webb (pictured) said: 'By convincing Europe to support us on this, we’ve achieved a victory for consumers' But after a year of negotiation, the European Commission has agreed to lift the restrictions in a ‘victory’ for employees, ministers will announce today. Pensions Minister Steve Webb said: ‘This is a common sense decision which will help people to save and give certainty and confidence to employers choosing to use NEST. ‘By convincing Europe to support us on this, we’ve achieved a victory for consumers.’ However, savers will have to wait until April 1, 2017 for the changes to kick in. The low-cost, not-for-profit pension was designed for small businesses and low to moderate earners who could not afford to pay into more expensive company pensions. More than 1.5million workers have joined since 2012 – and the figure is expected to reach four million in the next three years. The European Commission imposed restrictions because of fears that a state-funded pension scheme could distort or threaten competition from private pension firms. Frances O’Grady, general-secretary of the Trades Union Congress, said it was ‘great news for savers’ Mr Webb said it had put many businesses off because it would have meant running two parallel pensions – one for higher earners and NEST for low-income staff. Relaxing the rules meant workers could avoid having ‘pensions scattered all over the place’, which risked people losing track of their savings, he said. The move comes after pressure from union and employer groups, the National Association of Pension Funds, NEST and criticism from MPs on the Work and Pensions Select Committee. Frances O’Grady, general-secretary of the Trades Union Congress, said it was ‘great news for savers’. ‘It was always ridiculous that people could not save as much as they wanted into NEST,’ she added. Mr Webb defended the 2017 deadline, saying Parliament was ‘littered’ with legislation that had been rushed through and blamed the delay on lengthy consultations with the pension industry and Eurocrats. NEST was introduced alongside automatic enrolment, which forces every boss to pay into a pension for workers who are over 22 and earn at least £10,000 by 2018.
highlights: Millions of employees in a workplace pension scheme are to be freed from curbs on savings imposed by the EU . Earners were limited to £4,600 a year in contributions as part of the government-backed National Employment Savings Trust . After a year of negotiations, the EU has agreed to lift the restrictions . But savers will have to wait until April 1, 2017 for the changes to kick in .
id: 6293fcf0581d170497ae8b1050fce6dc63ce6786
chatgpt: Millions of employees in a workplace pension scheme will soon be free to save more money for their retirement as the European Union (EU) agrees to lift restrictions on contributions. The curbs, which limited earners to a maximum annual contribution of £4,600, were imposed as part of the UK government-backed National Employment Savings Trust (NEST) scheme. The announcement comes after a year of negotiations between the UK government and the EU. The agreement to lift restrictions on contributions is expected to bring significant benefits to millions of workers across the UK. The decision will give employees more control over their savings and help them to achieve their retirement goals. The NEST pension scheme was established in 2010 as part of the government's strategy to encourage more people to save for their retirement. The scheme was designed to be low-cost and simple to use, making it ideal for small and medium-sized businesses. However, the restrictions on contributions have limited the scheme's appeal to many employees. The EU's decision to lift the restrictions means that savers will be able to contribute more of their earnings to the NEST pension scheme, helping them to build up their savings more quickly. The changes are expected to come into effect on April 1, 2017, giving savers plenty of time to prepare for the increased contributions. The lifting of the restrictions is also expected to boost confidence in the UK's pension system, which has faced criticism in recent years. The government has been accused of failing to do enough to encourage people to save for their retirement, particularly in light of the UK's ageing population. The announcement has been welcomed by pension experts, who believe that the changes will help to ensure that more people are able to retire with a decent income. However, they have warned that the increased contributions could still be low, particularly if savers fail to take advantage of the new rules. In conclusion, the lifting of restrictions on contributions to the NEST pension scheme is a welcome development for millions of employees in the UK. The changes are expected to help savers to build up their savings more quickly and give them greater control over their retirement plans. However, it remains to be seen how many savers will take advantage of the new rules and how much of an impact the changes will have on the UK's pension system as a whole.