article: Cancer-survivor Jonas Gutierrez has returned to Argentina and looks to have played his last game for Newcastle United. Sportsmail understands the 31-year-old is in talks with Velez Sarsfield and, with his Magpie contract set to expire in the summer, it is unlikely he will be afforded a final appearance for the club he has served since 2008. Gutierrez has been building fitness with Newcastle's Under-21s since returning to Tyneside in December having been given the all-clear from testicular cancer. Jonas Gutierrez winds up a strike during the Newcastle U21 side's clash with West Brom last Monday . Jonas Gutierrez brings the ball forward for Newcastle's Under 21 side in a game against Bolton in January . The former Argentina international was first diagnosed in September, 2013. He had a testicle removed and returned to Premier League action. However, the cancer returned last summer and Gutierrez underwent a course of chemotherapy and beat the illness for a second time. Newcastle fans had hoped to see the popular winger make a farewell outing at St James' Park, and Gutierrez told Sportsmail last month: 'Yes, I have played in a World Cup, but if I play again for Newcastle then that will be the best moment of my career. Former Mallorca man Gutierrez lost all of his hair after undergoing chemotherapy for testicular cancer . A huge screen at St James' Park shows a 'United for Jonas' message during Newcastle's win over Liverpool . Ex-Argentina midfielder Gutierrez drives forward during his country's World Cup clash with Mexico in 2010 . 'To get back after the cancer and chemotherapy, to put all of that behind me, would be a huge moment for me. It would be emotional. 'If I come back and play for Newcastle then for me it will be the best.' Gutierrez made his professional debut with Velez as an 18-year-old in 2001 and trained with the club last autumn as he began his comeback bid. Should talks prove successful then his Newcastle career will be over after 194 appearances and 11 goals, denying him the chance of an emotional cameo for the club.
highlights: Jonas Gutierrez is in talks with Velez Sarsfield . The Argentine's contract is set to expire in the summer . Gutierrez returned to Newcastle in December after beating cancer . The former Argentina international was first diagnosed in September 2013 . The midfielder has played a number of games for the Under 21s . Newcastle fans had hoped to see the popular winger make a farewell outing at St James' Park .
id: d459617a35b0e7900e2e291e1864279ac28fd703
chatgpt: Former Newcastle winger Jonas Gutierrez has entered into negotiations with Argentine club Velez Sarsfield, with his contract at Newcastle set to expire this summer. The 35-year-old left Newcastle in 2015 after six seasons with the club, but returned in December 2018 after beating testicular cancer. Gutierrez was first diagnosed with cancer in September 2013 and underwent surgery to remove a tumor. He went on to make a full recovery, and in 2015 successfully sued Newcastle for disability discrimination over the way they had treated him during his illness. Since returning to Newcastle in December, Gutierrez has primarily featured for the under-21 side, playing six times for them. This has led to Newcastle fans hoping for a farewell appearance at St James' Park, but it seems unlikely given the lack of first-team opportunities. Velez Sarsfield, however, are keen to secure the services of the former Argentina international. The Buenos Aires-based club currently sit third in the Argentine Superliga, and are looking to bolster their squad ahead of the Copa Libertadores. Gutierrez began his career with Velez Sarsfield, making his debut for the club in 2001. He won two Argentine league titles during his time there, and also caught the eye of European scouts. He moved to Real Mallorca in 2005, before signing for Newcastle two years later. During his time at Newcastle, Gutierrez became a firm fan favourite, known for his tireless work rate and his ability to produce spectacular goals. He made 187 appearances for the club, scoring 12 goals. Gutierrez's impending departure from Newcastle will be a blow for the club's fans, who have grown to love the popular winger. However, they will take comfort in the knowledge that he appears to be moving on to a club who hold a special place in his heart.