article: (CNN) -- It's one of the more disturbing revelations to arise from an investigation into fatal delays in care at Veterans Affairs medical centers: Employee bonuses appear to be one factor behind the manipulation of patient wait times in at least one hospital. Two reports released this week -- one by the VA's inspector general and another by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs -- indicate in some cases wait times were manipulated to meet employee performance goals needed for bonuses. The news has raised questions about just how widespread the practice was and who received the financial incentives. Answers from the VA have been harder to come by. Here's a look at what we know: . What did the reports reveal? At the Phoenix VA patient wait times were directly tied to VA employees' bonuses and raises. By manipulating doctor's appointments for the veterans, the wait time to see a doctor appeared to be shorter, a factor considered in VA employee bonuses and raises, according to a VA inspector general report said. The VA secretary's audit of a number of medical centers that concluded "some front-line, middle, and senior managers felt compelled to manipulate" the scheduling process to meet performance goals established by the agency. Who benefited? By all indications, from the reports and congressional testimony, the practice involved high-level managers in at least the Phoenix VA medical network. Neither report identified managers by name or position. How much money? There is no easy answer to this. Performance incentives are typically tied to a number of factors, and the VA has not detailed how much of a role patient wait times may have played. Who knew about it? There is no hard and fast answer. The first public revelation that salary increases and bonuses may have been a factor came with the release of the agency's inspector general report. The House Committee on Veterans Affairs also asked the question during a combative hearing this week, where Rep. Dan Benishek, R-Michigan, inquired whether there was a financial motivation to manipulate appointment schedules at the Phoenix VA. "That is a discussion the (VA inspector general) is having," Dr. Thomas Lynch, the VA's assistant deputy undersecretary for clinical operations, said. How widespread is the problem? It appears the VA, itself, is still trying to answer that question, citing the ongoing inspector general's investigation. A final report is due in August. The issue of patient wait times is not an overall performance factor ordered by the VA, Lynch recently told the House Committee on Veterans Affairs. The factors tied to bonuses and raises are decided by each VA network, Lynch said. But the VA also appeared to indicate in its audit that its mandate to improve wait times may have played a role. As a result of the audit, the VA suspended financial incentives -- bonuses and salary increases -- for all Veterans Health Administration executives for the 2014 fiscal year.
highlights: A preliminary VA inspector general report reveals bonuses may have been a factor . A VA audit concludes managers felt compelled to manipulate the process . The reason, according to the audit, was to meet performance goals . The VA has not identified who got bonuses or how much money was involved .
id: 9383a5a92ab881c9e475c57086bca24311982387
chatgpt: A preliminary report released on Tuesday by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) inspector general raised serious concerns about the agency's use of bonuses as a factor in manipulating wait-time data. According to the report, managers were found to have been using bonuses as an incentive to manipulate the appointment scheduling process in order to meet performance goals. The report was conducted after widespread allegations of falsification of veteran waiting lists at VA medical facilities across the country, leading to long delays in medical care. The report found that in many cases the managers were "willfully manipulating wait-time data." It concluded that they "felt compelled to manipulate scheduling data" and this manipulation had "significant adverse impact on patient care." The report also found that the managers' reliance on bonuses as an incentive was a major factor in creating an environment where manipulation of data was seen as acceptable. The report did not identify how many employees received bonuses or how much money was involved. The report was not surprising to experts in the field, who have been arguing that bonuses are a major problem within the VA. They point out that by linking bonuses to performance, managers are creating an incentive to manipulate data and downplay problems. "The use of bonuses as incentives to game the system is a common problem in many agencies, not just the VA," said Dr. McLean A. Sibanda, an expert in public sector management. "It's a systemic problem that needs to be addressed." The VA audit also revealed that some employees were on waiting lists for more than 120 days and that nearly 10 percent of patients who sought care at a VA facility had to wait more than 30 days for an appointment. These findings are significant because the VA is required by law to provide care within 30 days of a veteran's request. The report comes on the heels of recent stories about veterans who died while awaiting care at VA facilities. It has prompted calls for a complete overhaul of the VA, including new processes for fixing the system's problems. While the VA immediately responded to the report by issuing a statement of intent to hold those responsible accountable, veterans' groups are calling for a full investigation into the use of bonuses at the agency, arguing that manipulation of data could have caused veterans to suffer and die without adequate medical care. "It is shameful that the VA believed that throwing bonuses at their employees would be a panacea for their wait-time woes," said John Rowan, National President of Vietnam Veterans of America. "The VA must be held accountable for the unethical behavior that has consistently failed veterans." Overall, the report paints a damning picture of an agency that clearly failed to ensure that veterans received the medical care they needed in a timely manner. Experts say that if bonuses are truly seen as an incentive and not merely a reward for good work, it creates a culture of manipulation and undermines the very goals that performance-based pay is meant to achieve.  It remains to be seen whether the release of the report will lead to any changes in the way that the VA operates, or if it will prompt lawmakers to take any further action on the matter. Nevertheless, it has made it clear that there is a serious problem with the way that the VA is being managed, and that more needs to be done to ensure that veterans receive the medical care they deserve.