article: Bucharest, Romania (CNN) -- Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase was placed on three years of probation Friday in a corruption case that had been under investigation for more than six years. Romania's Supreme Court found Nastase guilty of committing blackmail while he was prime minister, from 2000 to 2004. He also had been accused of bribery, but the court found him innocent on that charge. Nastase had denied all the charges in the case and said the trial was a political one, ordered by Romania's current president, Traian Basescu, who defeated Nastase when the two ran for president in 2004. Nastase's lawyer, Ion Cazacu, said he might appeal the decision. Nastase's wife also was placed on three years of probation for using false documents. She was found innocent on other charges, including bribery. The trial of Nastase and his wife started in 2010 after Romania's Anti-corruption Agency accused them of bribery and blackmail. Another main figure in the case was Irina Jianu, former head of a state construction agency, who was found innocent on charges of money laundry and bribery. However, the court found her guilty of using false documents, and she was sentenced to three years in prison. During the trial, the Anti-corruption Agency stated that Nastase received directly or through his wife €630,000 ($840,000) from Jianu while he was a prime minister. In return, the agency said, Nastase named Jianu as head of the construction agency. According to the prosecutors, the money was used by Nastase to buy objects and goods from China and to cover the cost of some work done at two of his houses, in Bucharest and Cornu. The Supreme Court found Nastase and his wife innocent regarding these accusations. The anti-corruption agency also said Nastase sent almost €90,000 ($120,000) to Ioan Paun, who was then a Romanian consul-general in China. The agency said the money was meant to be used in China for the purchase of various goods and objects for the Nastase family. This was the second conviction for Nastase this year. In January, he was sentenced to two years of prison in what was known as the Quality Trophy corruption case. He has appealed that decision. In that case, the Romanian Supreme Court found Nastase guilty of illegally raising €1.6 million ($2.1 million) during his 2004 campaign for president as the candidate of the Social Democrat Party. Nastase was also involved in another case, known as the Aunt Tamara case, in which he was accused of paying a $400,000 bribe to the former head of the country's anti-money-laundering agency to delete some documents related to his wife's bank account. Nastase was found innocent in that case. Nastase was the first former prime minister and the highest official to get a jail sentence in Romania since the fall of communism. The European Union has repeatedly called on Romania to put more effort into tackling corruption by top-level officials and politicians.
highlights: Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase is found guilty of blackmail . Both he and his wife, who was convicted on a separate charge, are put on probation . Nastase has said the trial was ordered by his political rival, President Traian Basescu . Nastase was convicted in January on separate corruption charges .
id: 9597698379c19b7e79becd9b66681c47801cb868
chatgpt: Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase, who was convicted earlier this year on separate corruption charges, has now been found guilty of blackmail as well. His wife was also convicted on a separate charge but both have been put on probation. Speaking to the press, Nastase has accused his political rival, President Traian Basescu, of ordering the trial. The case, which had been ongoing for some time, revolved around allegations that Nastase had blackmailed a fellow politician into resigning from the governing coalition in 2012. According to prosecutors, Nastase had threatened to release damaging information about the politician, who was head of Romania's parliamentary commission for national security. The court found Nastase guilty of both blackmail and using his position as prime minister to put pressure on the politician. In addition, his wife was found guilty of using her position as a judge to influence the trial. Following the verdict, Nastase told reporters that he believed the trial was politically motivated. "This was clearly orchestrated by Mr. Basescu and his allies," he said, referring to the Romanian president. "It's just another example of the kind of dirty tactics they use to try and discredit their opponents." Nastase has long been a controversial figure in Romanian politics, known for his fiery rhetoric and combative style. He served as prime minister from 2000 to 2004 and then again from 2012 to 2013. During his first term, he oversaw a period of economic growth but was also accused of corruption and cronyism. In 2012, Nastase ran for president but was defeated by Basescu. Shortly thereafter, he split from the governing coalition and formed his own political party. His wife, Dana Nastase, is also a prominent figure in Romanian politics, having served as a judge on the Constitutional Court. The verdict in the blackmail case is just the latest in a series of legal troubles for Nastase. In January of this year, he was convicted on separate corruption charges relating to his time as prime minister. He was sentenced to four years in prison but was released on parole after serving less than a year. Despite his legal troubles, Nastase remains a popular figure among some segments of the Romanian public, who see him as a champion of the country's economic and political independence. However, others view him as a symbol of the corruption and graft that has plagued Romanian politics for decades. The case is likely to further inflame tensions between Nastase and Basescu, who have been bitter rivals for years. However, it is unclear what impact the verdict will have on Romanian politics more broadly. The country is currently in the midst of a presidential election campaign, with the first round set to take place on November 10th. Many voters are likely to view the verdict as further evidence of the need for systemic change in Romanian politics, which has long been plagued by corruption and cronyism. However, others may see it as a politically motivated attack on a popular figure. Either way, the fallout from the verdict is likely to be felt for some time to come.