article: Jason Roy smashed a stunning century to set England Lions on course to take a 2-0 lead in their one-day series against South Africa A, although they were given a fright by the home opener Reeza Hendricks. Roy, who had top-scored in the low-scoring opening match in Bloemfontein with 43, piled into the South Africa A bowlers on a Kimberley pitch which justified its reputation as a batsmen's paradise, hitting 13 fours and six sixes after the Lions had been put in. The Surrey opener made 141, his first Lions century and his highest score in 50-over cricket, from only 110 balls before he was dismissed in the 40th over, ending a second-wicket stand of 198 in 26 overs with his captain James Vince. Jason Roy top-scored for England Lions with 141 as they beat South Africa A by 141 runs on Wednesday . Roy's innings helped England on their way to posting 376 for nine as they claimed a 2-0 one-day series lead . Vince fell agonisingly short of his second century of the tour six overs later, adjudged lbw for 99 from 95 balls, and although wickets tumbled late in the innings, Jonny Bairstow and Ben Stokes maintained the momentum for an imposing total of 376 for nine. There seemed a real danger that would not be enough as Hendricks and Dean Elgar responded with an opening stand of 142 inside 18 overs under the Diamond Oval floodlights. It was Lancashire left-arm spinner Stephen Parry, making his first appearance of the tour, who dragged the Lions back into the match with a tidy spell which earned him the wickets of Elgar, for 66 from 59 balls, and Dane Vilas. Liam Plunkett then claimed one wicket and Mark Wood a couple, but it was Stokes who finally removed Hendricks, driving to cover in the 37th over after making 141, the same score as Roy, from four balls fewer with 14 fours and five sixes. Alex Less readies himself to hit the ball during the match in Kimberley on Wednesday . Harry Gurney also took two wickets before Plunkett returned to claim the last two and end with three for 73 as South Africa A were dismissed for 306 in the 45th over, but Parry remained comfortably the most economical bowler. The Lions now have the first of three chances to clinch the series in Potchefstroom on Saturday, when South Africa's World Cup wicketkeeper Quinton de Kock is expected to boost the home team as he looks for match practice after an ankle injury. Tim Bresnan could come into contention for the Lions, as the Yorkshire all-rounder flew into Johannesburg on Wednesday, and Sam Billings hopes to recover from the nasty illness which ruled him out in Kimberley. Roy plays an expansive shot (left) and he salutes the crowd after reaching his half-century .
highlights: England Lions beat South Africa A by 70 runs in Kimberley on Wednesday . Jason Roy top-scored with 141 as tourists posted 376 for nine in 50 overs . Captain James Vince scored 99 as England went 2-0 up in one-day series . South Africa A were bowled out for 306 inside 45 overs despite quick start .
id: 81c4c4b862c32ca130f48295d7afdf23ceb0aac1
chatgpt: England Lions have secured their second consecutive win against South Africa A, beating them by 70 runs in a one-day series match in Kimberley on Wednesday. Jason Roy led the visitors' batting charge with a brilliant century, while skipper James Vince chipped in with a near-century knock. The tourists posted a mammoth total of 376 for the loss of nine wickets in their allotted 50 overs, thanks to some brilliant batting performances by Roy and Vince. Roy, in particular, was unstoppable as he smashed a thrilling 141 off just 115 balls, which included 20 boundaries and 2 sixes. Vince, on the other hand, fell agonizingly short of his century as he was dismissed for 99 by the South African bowlers. England's top-order batsmen played aggressively from the outset, capitalizing on every scoring opportunity that came their way. Apart from Roy and Vince, Sam Billings played a quickfire knock of 45 runs off just 33 balls, while the likes of Liam Livingstone and Lewis Gregory also played their parts to perfection. Defending a massive total of 376 wasn't going to be easy for England's bowlers, but they rose to the occasion and bowled with discipline to restrict the hosts to 306 runs in just 45 overs. South Africa A got off to a blistering start, thanks to the opening partnership of Janneman Malan and Matthew Breetzke. However, once the breakthrough was achieved, the English bowlers got into the act and regularly picked up wickets to dent the hosts' chances. England's Reece Topley picked up three wickets for 62 runs, while Craig Overton, Matt Parkinson, and Brydon Carse chipped in with two wickets each. Despite South Africa A's best efforts, they were unable to keep up with the required run rate, as England's bowlers kept things tight and snared wickets at regular intervals. With this win, England Lions have taken a 2-0 lead in the three-match series, and they will look to complete a clean sweep with a win in the final match. The visitors have been in commanding form throughout the tour, and their performances in both batting and bowling have been impressive. The South African team will need to regroup and come up with a more disciplined performance in the final match to avoid a whitewash. With pride at stake, the hosts will need to bring their A game to the table and put up a much better fight in the final game of the series. Overall, England's performance in the series has been impressive, with their batsmen scoring heavily and their bowlers doing a commendable job in keeping the hosts at bay. The visitors will be hoping to continue their winning run in the final match, while South Africa A will be looking to salvage some pride and end the series on a high note.