article: By . Zoe Szathmary for MailOnline . A college student revealed that he slept in his car for a year in order to make ends meet. Texas State University student Colin Ashby wrote in an essay for USA Today that he was cash-strapped before his freshman year and unable to live on-campus. 'While other freshmen were busy moving into their dorms, I sat in my car and duct-taped bed sheets to my car windows,' he wrote. 'For the rest of the day, I wandered around campus pretending to be excited about move-in day. When night hit, I reluctantly walked to the parking lot where my car was parked. Crawling into my back seat, I pulled up the sheets so no one could see inside the car and fell asleep.' Determined: Colin Ashby, pictured, slept in his car during his freshman year at Texas State University . Because of his living situation, Ashby said he spent his time in the library and meeting with professors . Ashby wrote that he frequently spoke to professors at their office hours and went to the library, and worked at McDonald's between 9pm and 5am. 'Getting off work at 5am, I would take a small nap before waking up dreary eyed to head to my 8:00 a.m. classes,' he wrote. In his essay, Ashby said that one upside was that '[d]ue to accumulating many college credits while in high school, I will be able to graduate with my bachelor’s degree this December after just two and a half years of college. Instead of the usual four (or five) years it typically takes.' Ashby told ABC's Good Morning America he did not tell his recently-divorced parents what was going on, though he did tell two siblings. Success: Ashby will graduate from school in two-and-a-half years . Resourceful: Ashby used his time going to the library and visiting teachers . Hard work: Ashby is studying mass communications at Texas State University, pictured . 'They would have said, "School’s not the best option right now. You should just take time off to work and save your money,"' he told the news site. Ashby still did his laundry and was able to bathe, ABC said. 'I had a fan I’d plug into my voltage outlet but it wouldn’t really help [with the heat],' he told ABC. 'There were nights I’d lose sleep because of it. It could get up to 100 degrees, and that’s without factoring in the humidity.' ABC reported that Ashby lives with his brother.
highlights: Texas State University student Colin Ashby says he was cash-strapped before his freshman year . Not having enough money for the dorms, Ashby slept in his car . Ashby said he was frequently . either speaking to professors at their office hours or at the library . He also worked at McDonald's between 9pm and 5am, leaving less than three hours to sleep before 8am classes . Ashby will graduate in two-and-a-half years due to his hard work and credits he earned in high school .
id: ec0c14049873c5d28fc77cd9a9d83c8261889100
chatgpt: Texas State University student Colin Ashby’s journey to graduation is a story of determination and resilience. Like many college students, Ashby struggled financially, but he refused to let his circumstances define his success. Despite being cash-strapped before his freshman year, he found himself without enough money to pay for dorms, so he slept in his car.  Ashby’s situation was far from ideal, but he refused to let his living situation hold him back. Instead, he spent his time either speaking to professors at their office hours or at the library, determined to excel academically, even if that meant sacrificing sleep. On top of his academic commitments, Ashby worked at McDonald's, taking the night shift between 9 pm and 5 am. With less than three hours to sleep before his 8 am classes, Ashby's days were long and grueling.  Despite these hardships, Ashby refused to give up on his education or let his difficult circumstances define him. He remained focused on his goals and worked hard to achieve them. With his dedication, Ashby will graduate in just two-and-a-half years due to his hard work and credits he earned in high school.  Ashby's story has inspired many, showing that anything is possible with dedication and hard work. His perseverance through tough times and willingness to do whatever it takes to succeed have earned him the respect and admiration of those around him.  His success is a testament to the fact that where we come from doesn't determine who we become. Ashby had every reason to give up, but instead, he chose to fight and overcome the hurdles that stood in his way. His story serves as an inspiration to other students who may be struggling through difficult times or facing obstacles in achieving their academic goals.  In the end, Colin Ashby's story is one of hope and determination. Despite the adversity he faced, he refused to give up on his dreams. He's now on the cusp of graduation, and he serves as a reminder to us all that with hard work, dedication, and perseverance, anything is possible.