article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:58 EST, 6 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:58 EST, 6 September 2012 . A little girl has died after suddenly falling unconscious at her nursery in south London. The 22-month-old was taken by ambulance to a nearby hospital after she stopped breathing while playing at the Dicky Birds nursery in Wimbledon, but later died. The cause of death has not been revealed but Ofstead has suspended the nursery’s registration pending an investigation. Nursery: The little girl was playing at the Dicky Bird Nursery in Wimbledon, south London when she suddenly fell unconscious . Rachel Berry, owner of Dicky Birds Nurseries, said her staff acted immediately according to protocol and were devastated to learn that the little girl had died. She said: ‘Staff called an ambulance while administering CPR. ‘The child was taken to hospital in a critical condition.We were all devastated to learn that the child later died in hospital. ‘We are co-operating fully with the police and Ofsted to facilitate a thorough investigation.’ Metropolitan Police have confirmed that they are not investigating the incident which occurred at about 9.40am on August 23. Although the nursery’s registration has been suspended for the time being, Ms Berry said it is the usual practice pending investigations. Emergency: The girl was taken to nearby St George's Hospital where she later died . Ms Berry said: ‘It is standard procedure in this situation for the individual nursery’s Ofsted registration to be temporarily suspended. ‘We are working closely with Ofsted to have the suspension lifted as quickly as possible. ‘Our thoughts are with the parents and family of the child, who have asked for complete anonymity at this incredibly painful time.’ An Ofsted spokesman said: ‘Ofsted is aware of the tragic death of a child at Dicky Birds nursery in Wimbledon and we are working closely with the nursery and other agencies to support their investigations. ‘The nursery’s registration has been suspended while the circumstances are investigated and it would be inappropriate to make any further comment at this stage.’ A Merton Council spokesman said: ‘Out of respect for the wishes of the family we can only confirm that a child has died following an incident at a Wimbledon nursery. ‘The event is being investigated by the appropriate agencies. Our thoughts are with the family at this very difficult time’ A Metropolitan Police spokesman confirmed a postmortem examination was conducted at St George’s Hospital mortuary but did not give any further details.
highlights: Staff at south London nursery 'devastated' The girl was taken to St George's Hospital, Tooting where she later died . Metropolitan Police are not investigating the incident .
id: 0dae2484cdc726ac91b514d3ec1139f0387f6172
chatgpt: Staff at a nursery in south London are devastated following the death of a young girl. The girl, whose name has not been released, was taken to St George's Hospital in Tooting after becoming unwell while in the care of the nursery. Despite the efforts of medical staff, the girl sadly passed away a short time later. The cause of her death is not yet known. Metropolitan Police have confirmed that they are not investigating the incident, stating that it appears to have been a tragic accident. The nursery, which has not been named, has released a statement expressing their profound sadness at the loss of the young girl. "We are all absolutely devastated by what has happened," the statement read. "Our thoughts and condolences are with the girl's family at this incredibly difficult time." The nursery has confirmed that it is cooperating fully with the authorities as they carry out their investigations. It is unclear whether any action will be taken against the nursery or its staff. Reacting to the news, local MP Tom Brake said that his thoughts were with the family of the young girl. "This is truly heartbreaking news," he said. "My thoughts are with the family of the young girl who has tragically lost her life, as well as the staff at the nursery who must be deeply affected by what has happened." The incident has sent shockwaves through the local community, with many expressing their sadness and shock at the news. "This is such a tragic loss," said one local resident. "My heart goes out to the family and friends of the young girl, as well as the staff at the nursery who must be absolutely devastated." The death of the young girl is a reminder of the importance of child safety and the need for nurseries and other childcare providers to ensure that children are kept safe at all times. The authorities will no doubt be carrying out a thorough investigation into the incident in order to determine the cause of the girl's death and to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future.