article: St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Oscar Taveras died Sunday in a car accident in his native Dominican Republic. The crash happened on a highway between the beaches of Sosua and Cabarete in Puerto Plata, about 215 miles north of the capital of Santo Domingo. 'I spoke to the mayor of Sosua, Ylana Newman ... and she confirmed to us that Taveras lost control of his vehicle and went off the road,' police spokesman Jacobo Mateo Moquete told The Associated Press. St Louis Cardinals outfielder Oscar Taveras has been killed in a car accident in the Dominican Republic . Angel Ovalles, the Cardinals' representative in the Caribbean country, said late Sunday that Taveras was driving the car along with a young woman. Erico Rosario, one of Taveras' representatives, also confirmed his death. 'He was killed in an accident,' Rosario said, weeping. 'We are all stunned and deeply saddened by the tragic loss of one of the youngest members of the Cardinals family,' Cardinals Chairman Bill DeWitt Jr. said. 'Oscar was an amazing talent with a bright future who was taken from us well before his time. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends tonight.' Cardinals chairman Bill DeWitt Jr said Taveras was an amazing talent who was taken 'well before his time' 'I simply can't believe it,' said John Mozeliak, Sr. VP & GM of the St. Louis Cardinals. 'I first met Oscar when he was sixteen years old and will forever remember him as a wonderful young man who was a gifted athlete with an infectious love for life who lived every day to the fullest.' The 22-year-old Taveras made his major league debut this year. The promising slugger hit .239 with three homers and 22 RBIs in 80 games for the NL Central champions. 'I think he can be a star,' manager Mike Matheny said last Monday at his season-ending press conference. 'He proved that at times. Right to the end, he was very, very much into the competition. Yes, he wanted to be the guy out there every day. You see some things offensively that absolutely excite you.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Baseball star Oscar Taveras killed in car accident in Dominican Republic . Taveras death confirmed by police spokesman Jacobo Mateo Moquete . Taveras made his Major League debut this year .
id: 5293657efc9daacb5a7d7479314ab5da1e44dee1
chatgpt: On Sunday, October 26th, baseball star Oscar Taveras was killed in a car accident in the Dominican Republic. The 22-year-old St. Louis Cardinals player was driving with his girlfriend, Edilia Arvelo, when his car ran off the road and hit a tree. Both Taveras and Arvelo were killed instantly.  The news of the young player's death has devastated the baseball community. Taveras was regarded as one of the most talented young players in the game and had a bright future ahead of him. He made his Major League debut just this year and was expected to have a long and successful career. The news was confirmed by police spokesman Jacobo Mateo Moquete, who stated that Taveras' death was a "terrible loss" for the Dominican Republic and the baseball world. Tributes have poured in from around the world, with fellow players and fans expressing their shock and sadness at the news. Taveras' teammates posted messages on social media, paying tribute to their fallen friend and colleague. The Cardinals also released a statement expressing their deep sadness at the loss of Taveras. The team noted that they were "stunned" by the news and called Taveras "an exceptional talent" and a "wonderful teammate." Taveras was born in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic and was signed by the Cardinals as an amateur free agent in 2008. He quickly rose through the ranks of the Cardinals' minor league system and was considered one of the team's top prospects. Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said that Taveras had a "great energy" and was "loved by his teammates." Matheny added that Taveras' death was a "tremendous loss for our game." The tragedy has also raised questions about road safety in the Dominican Republic. The country has one of the highest rates of traffic fatalities in the world, with many accidents caused by speeding and reckless driving. The loss of Oscar Taveras is a devastating blow for the baseball community and for the world at large. He was a young player with a promising future, and his death is a reminder of the fragility of life. Rest in peace, Oscar Taveras. You will be missed.