article: Sex traffickers are using Facebook to 'enslave' women, forcing them into prostitution and other criminal activity, the head of the European policing agency has warned. Rob Wainwright, the director of Europol, said that advertisements on social media sites promising work in childcare or cleaning were used by criminal gangs to draw in vulnerable young women. He claimed the traffickers then used internet technology such as webcams to monitor their victims, controlling their movements and ensuring they turned up to work in brothels or other criminal enterprises. Rob Wainwright (pictured), the director of Europol, said that advertisements on social media sites were used by criminal gangs to draw in vulnerable young women and called for the 'culture of policing' to change . Speaking to the Centre for Social Justice think tank in London, Mr Wainwright said the use of modern technology had enabled the 'industrialisation' of the traffickers' activities, allowing them to control many more problems. 'Facebook is effectively being used in many cases as the means to attract and then enslave vulnerable young women,' he said. 'They (the traffickers) are using the modern technological tools to more efficiently monitor an increasing number of victims. 'So instead of paying them a visit every day they can use the webchat services but also webcam cameras to confirm that they are where they should be, they are in that brothel waiting for the next customer. 'In the past, the pimps and traffickers had to do that by physically visiting them. Now they can just do it at the click of a button and therefore control 50 victims much more easily and readily in virtual form. 'What that allows therefore is a sort of industrialisation of the problem. Single traffickers and pimps can control many more victims.' Mr Wainwright said that people trafficking was regarded as a 'low-risk, high profit' activity by criminal gangs generating an estimated £100billion-a-year for organised crime. Mr Wainwright claimed the traffickers use internet technology such as webcams to monitor their victims, controlling their movements and ensuring they turned up to work in brothels (file picture, posed by model) Up to 36 million people worldwide are thought to be held in modern slavery - at least 500,000 in Europe. Most of the victims in Europe are from Romania, Bulgaria and Hungary with the UK, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands the main destinations for trafficking. Mr Wainwright said there needed to be much greater co-operation among international law enforcement agencies to deal with the problem. He said: 'As things currently stand, organised crime groups are going about the business of modern slavery and with little fear of being caught and pursued. We urgently need to do much better. 'The international law enforcement community needs to trust each other a bit more. 'There is no point in sitting on a vital piece of information in one country if it can break a syndicate spread across five or more others. 'The culture of policing must change.'
highlights: Europol director said social media sites are being used by sex traffickers . Rob Wainwright claimed women were being 'enslaved' into prostitution . Said criminals also using webcams to monitor their victims' movements . Called for greater co-operation among international agencies to combat it .
id: 96ff642bf5cd19284b0384729eb0299022f32964
chatgpt: The director of Europol, Rob Wainwright, has warned that social media sites are being used by sex traffickers to to lure and enslave vulnerable women into prostitution. Mr. Wainwright cautioned that criminals were increasingly exploiting the online world to carry out their activities and that more needs to be done to combat this growing threat. Speaking on the subject, Mr. Wainwright pointed out that sex traffickers are using webcams to monitor the movements of their victims, which has made it increasingly difficult for law enforcement agencies to contain the problem. The emergence of new technologies and social media platforms has made it easier for exploiters to target potential victims and to sell them online without fear of getting caught. "It's a very difficult area in terms of investigation and surveillance", Mr. Wainwright said, "We need to share information, intelligence and co-operate more effectively if we're going to bring these criminals to justice." In addition to this, the Europol director highlighted the fact that many sex traffickers are using sophisticated tactics to avoid being detected. He called for a greater level of international co-operation between law enforcement agencies, social media companies and other stakeholders to combat the problem. "I think we need to apply pressure on social media platforms and to work more closely with internet service providers to make sure that this kind of activity is identified and stopped," he said. "We also need to work more closely with other law enforcement agencies around the world to share information about traffickers and their activities." Sex trafficking is a growing problem in many parts of the world, with an estimated 25 million people being trafficked annually. The UN has identified it as the third largest criminal enterprise in the world, after drugs and arms trafficking. Notably, many of the victims are women and children who are forced into sexual exploitation, often by gangs who prey on the vulnerable in society. The use of social media sites by sex traffickers has been increasing over the years, with sites like Facebook and Instagram being used to find and communicate with potential victims. Facebook has been working to combat this, employing artificial intelligence and human moderators to detect and remove posts offering sexual services, while also providing support to victims. However, more needs to be done to counter the growing trend. Mr. Wainwright called for greater public awareness of the issue and urged social media platforms to take a more proactive role in tackling sex trafficking on their platforms. "We need to work together to create a safer online environment for everyone," he said. "This is a growing problem and it needs urgent attention if we are going to protect vulnerable people from being exploited and enslaved into prostitution."