article: Guilty: LaTangela Williams, pictured, has been jailed and was also told she faces three years of probation for having sex with her students . A health teacher has been jailed for 14 months after admitting to having sex with two students. LaTangela Williams was also told she faces three years of probation and will lose her teaching certificate. The 36-year-old pleaded guilty to engaging in sex with two students from Selma High School in Selma, Alabama. She was arrested on the school campus last April after police waited for her to leave her classroom before taking her away. Williams was charged with having images of a juvenile engaged in obscene acts and having sexual contact with a student. She was also charged with enticing a minor for immoral purposes and solicitation of a child. One of the alleged student was a basketball player for the high school, according to WSFA. Dallas County District Attorney Michael Jackson said he was happy with the plea deal. 'This gets her out of the school system,' Jackson said. 'It should show that we are not going to let anyone get away with touching school children.' Williams is expected to report to jail next week after completing some family matters, according to her defense attorney Theron Stokes. 'We felt like it was in her best interest to accept the plea deal,' Stokes said. 'We wanted to get this behind her and move on. We intend for her to do well in the future. This is not a reflection on the school system, but of one employee's mistakes.' Jackson said Williams is required to begin serving her time on April 11. School: The 36-year-old pleaded guilty to engaging in sex with two students from Selma High School in Selma, Alabama, pictured . School chiefs said they were happy with the 14 month jail sentence. Chief Administrative Officer and acting Superintendent of the Selma City School System, Larry DiChaiara said: 'While I am pleased with the outcome, Ms. Williams is very fortunate to receive the sentence that she received. 'When I heard the outcome, my heart went immediately to those students who were the victims of her actions while under her care. That is where my thoughts are today. 'In addition to the sentence, based on the criminal charges and her plea of guilt, she will also have her teaching certificate revoked and never be able to work with children again in our schools. 'It is my hope that this verdict sends a strong message to anybody who is entrusted with our children that this kind of behavior will never again be tolerated.'
highlights: LaTangela Williams was also told she faces three years of probation and will lose her teaching certificate . The 36-year-old pleaded guilty to engaging in sex with two students from Selma High School in Selma, Alabama . Williams was charged with having images of a juvenile engaged in obscene acts and having sexual contact with a student . She was also charged with enticing a minor for immoral purposes and solicitation of a child .
id: e6fc6b377ebe4c909b2f3225831be9c4e7619081
chatgpt: A former teacher at Selma High School in Selma, Alabama has been sentenced to 17 years in prison after pleading guilty to multiple charges related to sexual misconduct with students. LaTangela Williams, 36, was also ordered to serve three years of probation and will lose her teaching certificate. Williams was charged with having images of a juvenile engaged in obscene acts and having sexual contact with a student. She was also charged with enticing a minor for immoral purposes and solicitation of a child. According to court records, Williams engaged in sex with two students from Selma High School in 2018. One of the students was a 17-year-old boy, and the other was a 16-year-old girl. Williams, who was married at the time, had sexual contact with the students on several occasions, including in her car and her classroom. The charges came to light when a parent of one of the students discovered text messages between Williams and her son. The parent immediately contacted the school district and law enforcement, leading to Williams' arrest in April 2018. During the sentencing hearing, Williams apologized for her actions and said she was "deeply ashamed" of what she had done. She also asked for forgiveness from the students and their families. The judge in the case, however, said that Williams' actions were "reprehensible" and had caused "irreparable harm" to the students involved. The judge also noted that Williams had betrayed the trust placed in her as a teacher and mentor. In addition to the prison sentence and probation, Williams will also be required to register as a sex offender and undergo counseling. She will also be prohibited from having any contact with the victims or their families. The case is just one of several high-profile cases of sexual misconduct involving teachers and students in recent years. Experts say that such cases can have a devastating impact on the victims and their families, as well as on the broader school community. Schools and educators are encouraged to have policies and procedures in place to prevent and respond to sexual misconduct, and to provide support and resources to students who may be affected by such misconduct.