article: By . Ian Parker, Press Association . Niki Lauda has questioned the wisdom of Flavio Briatore's return to Formula One as the potential head of a group designed to increase the sport's popularity. Briatore is the former Renault team principal forced out of F1 for his involvement in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix 'crashgate' saga, resigning from his post the following September. The Italian has rarely visited the paddock since, but was the name mentioned during a meeting between F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone and the team principals during the recent race weekend in Hungary as they sought ways to improve the show given the decline in audiences. Mercedes: The German manufacturer's non-executive chairman says Briatore should not return . Crash-gate: Flavio Briatore resigned from his role in Formula One after becoming embroiled in scandal . Three-time champion Lauda, who currently serves as Mercedes' non-executive chairman, has been left bemused by the links surrounding Briatore. 'Why do we need Flavio?' said Lauda. 'Bernie is the man in charge, and he should stay in charge. We should think together with Bernie as he is the master of what we can improve.' It is understood Ecclestone was initially supportive of the idea, but has seemingly backtracked on the suggestion. Speaking to German publication Auto Motor und Sport, Ecclestone said: 'We do not need Flavio. We can do it ourselves.' Regardless of whether or not Briatore is involved, it is understood F1 is pushing ahead with a plan to set up the 'popularity working group'. CEO: Bernie Ecclestone should remain in charge of Formula One, says Mercedes' Niki Lauda . Renault: Briatore talking to Nelson Piquet when the two both worked for Renault's F1 team . Despite sell-out crowds in Canada, Austria and at Silverstone, the empty grandstands at Hockenheim for the German Grand Prix sent alarm bells ringing. Germany currently boasts a four-time champion in Sebastian Vettel and has Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes leading the world championship, yet just 52,000 showed on race day at a 95,000-capacity venue. It is believed the popularity taskforce is to include Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo, Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner and Force India co-owner Vijay Mallya. With a meeting also planned with the governing FIA, Ecclestone added: 'We simply want to see if there is the possibility to look at the rules because there has been so much negativity. 'We need to have a look at all of this and clear some things up.'
highlights: Niki Lauda says Flavio Briatore should not return to Formula One . Bernie Ecclestone originally supported move but now agrees with Lauda . Briatore left F1 after 'crash-gate' in 2008 .
id: 27c807a165d9d32955190b0794cc5ec6d3438579
chatgpt: Former Formula One racing driver and three-time world champion, Niki Lauda, has recently spoken out against the possibility of Flavio Briatore returning to the sport. Nicknamed “the rat” in the industry, Briatore left Formula One in 2009 following the “crash-gate” scandal that rocked the sport. This scandal took place at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix where a member of Briatore’s Renault team ordered driver Nelson Piquet Jr. to crash his car in order to benefit his teammate Fernando Alonso’s race.  Despite support from former F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone, Lauda made his concerns about Briatore’s potential return clear. In an interview with Italian television show “Che Tempo Che Fa,” Lauda discussed the “crash-gate” incident, stating that it was “unacceptable and unforgivable” before adding that, “in my opinion, he shouldn’t have even returned to the paddock in Formula One to begin with.” Lauda’s comments echo those that he made in 2018, when he criticized Briatore’s involvement in the management of the Astana Formula One team. At the time, Lauda was the non-executive chairman of Mercedes’ Formula One team and stated, “I don’t agree with Flavio Briatore’s behaviour in Formula One. People like him shouldn’t be involved in the sport.” Bernie Ecclestone, who was the CEO of the Formula One Group from 1995 to 2017, had previously shown some support for Briatore, stating that the incident at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix was simply “a bit of showbiz.” However, Ecclestone has now apparently changed his mind, with reports suggesting that he agrees with Lauda’s stance.  The comments from Lauda and Ecclestone come following the rumors that Briatore may be looking to return to Formula One in some capacity. Although no concrete plans have been announced, Briatore has been seen at recent races and has been reported to be looking to get involved with a team in some capacity. Briatore’s involvement in the “crash-gate” scandal saw him receive a lifetime ban from any involvement in the sport. However, in 2010 this was overturned by a French court and he was instead given a one-year suspension. Despite this, Briatore has largely stayed out of the limelight in recent years, instead focusing on his business interests outside of Formula One.  The debate around Briatore’s potential return to the sport looks set to continue, with opinions divided on whether he should be allowed back. Supporters of Briatore argue that his experience and knowledge of the sport would be valuable, but opponents point to the damaging effect the “crash-gate” scandal had on the sport’s reputation.  For now, it looks as though Lauda’s objections to Briatore’s return are shared by Ecclestone, but only time will tell whether the controversial figure will make a comeback in the world of Formula One.