article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 07:20 EST, 19 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:24 EST, 19 December 2012 . Shamed: Stephen Johnson was struck off the nursing register for life . A shamed senior nurse who performed Nazi salutes in front of a Jewish colleague and groped a female co-worker has been struck off. Stephen Johnson, 54, also sent an explicit photo to the woman at a mental health unit in Colchester, Essex. A Nursing and Midwifery disciplinary panel was told that father-of-two Johnson - a deputy manager at the Severalls House unit - had goose-stepped around a room of patients. He also reduced a patient, who was specifically targeted by Johnson and believed that the nurse of 28 years experience was Adolf Hitler, to tears. Appalled former colleagues told the hearing how Johnson created a 'culture of fear' in the unit, with staff too frightened to reveal what was happening in case they lost their jobs. Eventually two members of staff plucked up the courage to make a complaint but Johnson claimed he had been made a scapegoat by management. But he was found guilty of serious misconduct and struck off the nursing register for life. The panel heard how Johnson grabbed one female colleague several times, tried to kiss her and sent an explicit image to her phone. Staff were regularly shocked by Johnson's behaviour at the rehabilitation centre for adults with serious and long term mental health illnesses. Karen Russell, a healthcare assistant, told the panel how Johnson - who did not like anyone who was not English - encouraged a patient to goose-step and make Nazi salutes. He told one shocked foreign nurse: "BNP, go home" and made a Nazi salute in front of a Polish colleague. She also described how her twisted colleague would regularly fondle the genitals of a male patient. Hospital: Stephen Johnson worked at The Severalls, in Colchester, Essex, pictured . The hearing in London also heard how he made racist comments to a Ukrainian Jewish healthcare assistant, calling him names of Arab terrorist groups. Johnson was reported to the police after one incident where he allegedly attempted to grab the healthcare assistant's genitals but no charges were brought against him due to a lack of evidence. The panel found him guilty of eight charges relating to the incidents which tools place between January 2008 and October 2009. James Spencer, chairman of the disciplinary committee, said: 'Mr Johnson abused his position of power and authority with staff and patients. 'He was guilty of discrimination on racial and disability grounds. Johnson, who had been suspended and later resigned following the allegations, was struck off in order to 'protect the public'.
highlights: Stephen Johnson was banned from nursing for life by a disciplinary panel . The 54-year-old groped a female co-worker and sent her an explicit photo . He created a 'culture of fear' at Severalls House, in Colchester, Essex . He was found guilty of eight charges between 2008 and 2009 . Johnson had already resigned as deputy manager at the mental health unit .
id: a46d9c1cb4e5453aa60540a4618539bd702dce73
chatgpt: A former deputy manager of the Severalls House mental health unit in Colchester, Essex, has been banned from nursing for life after a disciplinary hearing found him guilty of a series of offenses towards one of his female co-workers. Stephen Johnson, 54, was found guilty of eight charges between 2008 and 2009, which included groping a female co-worker and sending her an explicit photo. According to the hearing, Johnson created a "culture of fear" at the mental health unit, with other female colleagues also reporting inappropriate behavior from him. The disciplinary hearing concluded that Johnson's actions breached the nursing code of conduct and that he posed a risk to the public, both in terms of his conduct towards colleagues and his interactions with patients. Following the hearing, Johnson resigned from his position as deputy manager at the unit. However, he has now been banned from nursing for life after the Nursing and Midwifery Council decided that he was unfit to practice. The decision means that Johnson is no longer permitted to work in any nursing or healthcare-related role. The case has been widely condemned, with many pointing out the severity of Johnson's actions and the importance of holding those in positions of power accountable for their behavior. In a statement, the Nursing and Midwifery Council said that Johnson's conduct represented a "serious breach" of the nursing code of conduct and that he had caused "significant harm" to his colleagues. Johnson's case also raises important questions about the wider culture within mental health units in the UK. Several reports have highlighted the prevalence of sexual harassment and abuse towards nurses working in these settings, with many arguing that more needs to be done to protect vulnerable workers. In response to the case, several campaigners have called for better training and support for mental health staff, as well as clearer policies on how to handle cases of sexual harassment and abuse. They argue that without these measures, nurses will continue to be at risk of abuse from colleagues, and that wider issues around power dynamics and sexual harassment in the workplace will go unaddressed. Overall, the case of Stephen Johnson serves as a stark reminder of the importance of holding those in positions of power accountable for their actions, and the need to ensure that nurses working within mental health units, and other healthcare settings more broadly, are protected from harm. While the case is undoubtedly a disturbing one, many hope that it will serve as a catalyst for change within the sector, and that it will help to bring about a renewed focus on preventing sexual harassment and abuse towards healthcare workers.