article: (CNN) -- Despite Barkhad Abdi's Academy Award nomination, his story has not been quite rags-to-riches. Much is being made over a report from The New Yorker that the the "Captain Phillips" actor is having trouble making ends meet. He was paid $65,000 two years ago for the role, which earned him a best supporting actor nomination this season. Abdi told CNN's Poppy Harlow that he didn't have an agent to even negotiate his salary (he does now). "It was my first film," he said. "I didn't have many options." Such a small salary for a performer in a multimillion-dollar blockbuster is not rare for a first-time actor. Brad Pitt reportedly received only $6,000 for his breakout role in the 1991 film "Thelma and Louise." A few more established actors have chosen to forgo big paychecks in order to participate in a project. Jonah Hill accepted a paycheck of only $60,000 for his recent role in "The Wolf of Wall Street." "I would sell my house and give (director Martin Scorsese) all my money to work for him," Hill said. "This isn't what you make money for; you do '22 Jump Street,' you do other things, to pay your rent. But I would do anything in the world. I would do it again in a second." Abdi's story may be drawing so much attention because of his hardscrabble backstory. The Somali actor left his war-torn country as a youngster with his family and settled in Yemen. Years later, they immigrated to the United States, where they joined a large community of Somalis in Minneapolis. He was driving for his brother's limousine company when he answered a casting call for Somali actors for the "Captain Phillips" film. According to The New Yorker, Abdi is planning to move to Los Angeles and pursue his acting career. It reports that when he was in Los Angeles to do publicity for "Captain Phillips," "His clothes are loaners. Recently Abdi requested that he be allowed to stay at a commuter's hotel near LAX, to be closer to his friend, a Somali cabdriver from Minneapolis, who shuttles him around for free." Hollywood can be a tough town for any aspiring actor but even moreso for a first-timer. In the 1940s, disabled veteran Harold Russell won the best supporting actor Academy Award for his turn in "The Best Years of Our Lives." Roles were tough to come by for Russell, who lost his hands in a training accident, and he went on to earn a degree in business and write a book about his recovery. There may be success ahead for Abdi, however. He is reportedly in talks to play South African running legend Willie Mtolo in the film "The Place That Hits The Sun."
highlights: "Captain Phillips" star Barkhad Abdi's tale is not rags-to-riches . He was paid only $65,000 for the role . Abdi's next role could be playing South African marathoner .
id: 30487a9898db98092c3ad155d5c507d06becca40
chatgpt: Barkhad Abdi, the Oscar-nominated actor who rose to fame for his role as a Somali pirate in the movie "Captain Phillips", has captured the hearts of movie-goers around the world with his incredible acting prowess. However, Abdi's journey to Hollywood success is not as glamorous as one might think. Despite receiving critical acclaim for his role in "Captain Phillips," Abdi was paid only $65,000 for his performance. This may seem like a decent sum for someone who was virtually unknown in the industry, but the reality is that Abdi had to stretch that money to last him for the foreseeable future. In fact, Abdi revealed in an interview with The New Yorker that he had to work as a limousine driver for several months after his breakout role in "Captain Phillips" because he had no other source of income. He also stated that he had to move back in with his brother in Minnesota because he couldn't afford rent in Los Angeles. Despite these struggles, Abdi has not let his humble beginnings get in the way of his acting career aspirations. In fact, he has even landed his next major role – portraying the legendary South African marathon runner, Willie Mtolo, in the upcoming biopic film "The Place That Hits the Sun." The film will follow Mtolo's journey from his humble beginnings in a rural village in South Africa to becoming a world champion marathon runner. Abdi will be playing Mtolo's coach, Titus, who played a key role in shaping Mtolo's career and ultimately helped him reach his full potential as a runner. This role is a major breakthrough for Abdi, who has been vocal about his desire to take on diverse roles that challenge him as an actor. In an interview with Variety, he expressed his excitement about the opportunity to work on "The Place That Hits the Sun," calling it a "dream come true" and describing Mtolo's story as "powerful and inspiring." For Abdi, "The Place That Hits the Sun" not only represents a chance to showcase his acting skills but also to pay tribute to an iconic figure in South African history. Mtolo's incredible journey can serve as a source of inspiration to anyone who may be facing immense challenges on their road to success. Abdi's story may not be a typical rags-to-riches tale, but it is one that is filled with perseverance, dedication, and an unwavering passion for his craft. His journey serves as a reminder that success is never easy, but with hard work, determination, and a little bit of luck, one can achieve anything they set their mind to.