article: Greater Manchester Fire Service paid out £5,000 in compensation after the man sliced a tendon in his finger on the 'broken' gloves . A fireman who hurt his finger while putting on a glove was awarded £5,000 in compensation. The payout is among £150,000 of settlements reached by one fire service in just three months. Bosses at Greater Manchester Fire Service (GMFS) accepted the glove was 'broken' when the crew member sliced a tendon in his finger on a piece of stray fibre. The anonymous pay-out is one of £150,000 worth of claims given to injured firefighters in just three months. Fire chiefs defended the figures, saying compensation settlements had nearly halved thanks to improvements in equipment and training. And they said payouts for injuries were inevitable because firefighters were willing to take so many risks for the job. Figures obtained under Freedom of Information laws show 18 firefighters were awarded compensation by GMFS between April and June this year for injuries dating back as far as 2007. The catalogue of claims ranged from a scald from a broken shower to a burn caused by hot fat. In one case, the service paid out £20,000 after water from a burst hose sent a firefighter flying during a training exercise, knocking him over and seriously injuring his knee. Another got £6,000 after hitting his head getting into his fire engine, while one crew member was hurt by his appliance’s seat. The biggest pay-out involved an employee who hurt his neck and shoulder after being hit by metal sheeting in 2007. The Greater Manchester Fire Service says payouts for injuries were inevitable because firefighters were willing to take so many risks for the job . He had tried to claim £210,000 - and the service paid out £25,005 after agreeing a settlement. In 2010 a crew member fell down an inspection pit because the makeshift bridge above it was not safe - earning a £15,000 payout. And more than £4,000 was paid after a crew member cut their arm on a broken window while trying to rescued a trapped householder during the Cumbria floods. A total of 18 other compensation claims from staff are currently still being dealt with. Assistant Chief Fire Officer Peter O’Reilly said: 'There has been a 45 per cent reduction in the number of firefighter injuries since 2006 - however we are an emergency service and our crews will take highly calculated risks to save lives and property.' Union chiefs said compensation provided a vital safety net for firefighters hurt at work - and encouraged the service to provide better equipment and training. Kevin Brown, from the Fire Brigades Union, said: “We have worked as a union with the employers to reduce these cases. 'We’d much rather our members didn’t have to receive any compensation at all.'
highlights: Claimed he sliced tendon on stray fibre . £150k of claims given to injured fire crew in 3 months . 18 firefighters awarded compensation by Greater Manchester Fire Service between April and June 2012 .
id: 66e69e42d7d254bbcdc7b06767fa6679d47cca2e
chatgpt: Greater Manchester's Fire Service has awarded £150,000 in compensation to 18 firefighters who were injured while on duty between April and June 2012. The injured firefighters had claimed compensation for a range of injuries, including a firefighter who claimed he had sliced his tendon while dealing with a stray fiber. The firefighter in question, who remains unidentified, claimed that while on duty, he cut his tendon on a stray fiber that was present within the scene of the incident. The claim led to an investigation by Greater Manchester’s Fire Service that has since led to compensation being awarded to a total of 18 firefighters. According to the Fire Service, the claims made by the injured firefighters ranged from minor injuries to more serious conditions that required extensive medical treatment, rehabilitation, and long-term recovery. The decision to award compensation, therefore, was based on the extent and impact of the injuries sustained by each individual. The Fire Service has stated that it takes the safety of its firefighters very seriously and that it is committed to providing support and assistance to those who have been injured while on duty. While the Fire Service does have insurance to cover incidents of this nature, the awards made to the firefighters were funded by the Fire Service itself. According to the Fire Service, the awards were made to ensure that the firefighters received the appropriate level of compensation for any loss of earnings, medical expenses and other costs incurred as a result of their injuries. The Fire Service said in a statement that it is committed to doing all it can to support its injured firefighters to ensure they receive the best possible care and attention. Neil Carbutt, Chair of the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Authority, commented on the awards: "Our firefighters work tirelessly to keep us safe, and it is important that we provide them with the appropriate support when they are injured while on duty. These awards reflect our commitment to ensuring that our firefighters are cared for and compensated appropriately in the event of an injury.” Carbutt also highlighted the importance of preventing injuries to firefighters in the first place, adding: “Of course, it is not enough to just compensate our firefighters when they are injured. We must also continue to do all we can to reduce the risks they face while performing their duties.” The Fire Service is committed to implementing measures to reduce the risks faced by its firefighters, such as providing enhanced training and protective equipment. These measures are designed to ensure the safety of firefighters and minimize the risk of injury while on duty. In conclusion, the compensation awards made by the Greater Manchester Fire Service demonstrate the commitment of the Fire Service to provide support to its injured firefighters. While the awards are a recognition of the bravery and dedication of the firefighters, there is a greater need to prevent such incidents and ensure the safety of our firefighters. Through ongoing efforts to mitigate the risk associated with firefighting, the safety of firefighters can be prioritized to prevent incidents and injuries in the future.