article: By . Alexandra Klausner . Officers Ranell Roy and Ariel Ronell of the Rosenberg, Texas Police Department wanted to show the world that even though they wear a uniform they are just goofballs like everyone else. After the cops posted the video of them lip syncing to Katy Perry's  Dark Horse on the Rosenberg Police Department Facebook Page, their video became an instant viral hit. The Facebook posting has more than 4.5 million views, almost 50,000 likes and almost 200,000 shares. The video which was later posted to YouTube has over 60,000 views. Officers Ariel Ronell (left) and Ranell Roy (right) gave Katy Perry a run for her money in their lip synced rendition of Dark Horse . Officer Ranell Roy (right) lip syncs to Katy Perry's Dark Horse in a hilarious viral video posted on June 12 . Pop star Katy Perry is the voice behind the song Dark Horse which she sings with rapper Juicy J. To make things even more entertaining, Ranell Roy sang the female Katy Perry part of the song even though he is male and Ariel sang the male rapper Juicy J.'s part. 'We actually want to be able to show people that we're just people, just like everybody else,' said Ronell to KPRC. 'The message is that we're not the enemy, we're the friends of the community,' said Roy. The posting was widely well received but a few Facebook users were critical of the officers' fun. Some accused cops of wasting 'tax dollars' or 'slacking off on the job.' 'You waste tax money. And when calls "come in" you kill peoples dogs. You are cowards. useless and worthless,' wrote Eric Olsen. Members of the community like Shawn cobb rushed to the cops' defense however and said, 'Awesome guys, thanks for showing the human side of our profession! We are our own rock stars in our patrol cars when calls are not coming in! Lol stay safe!' 'Thanks to the Rosenberg Police Department for their service to their community... and to the good service they do for all Police Officers everywhere. Changing perspective, one post at a time,' said the page for the UW-Platteville Police. After Ranell (right) did his best katy perry impressions, Roy (left) threw on her shades and played the Juicy J. role . After a hilarious performance the cops couldn't help but giggle at themselves and take part in the fun .
highlights: Officers Ranell Roy and Ariel Ronell of the Rosenberg, Texas Police Department lip synced to Katy Perry and posted the video on Facebook . The Facebook posting has more than 4.5 million views, almost 50,000 likes and almost 200,000 shares . 'The message is that we're not the enemy, we're the friends of the community,' said Roy .
id: c8f28cdef094730f16d96dfbd4169dfea80fc1ba
chatgpt: Officers Ranell Roy and Ariel Ronell, of the Rosenberg, Texas Police Department, have created quite the buzz on social media with their latest lip sync video. The officers can be seen jamming out to Katy Perry's hit song, "Dark Horse" in what can only be described as a fun and playful moment. The video, which was originally posted on Facebook, has now garnered more than 4.5 million views, almost 50,000 likes, and over 200,000 shares. The officers' performance has been met with an overwhelmingly positive response from the community they serve. In a statement to the media, Officer Roy explained their inspiration for the video, saying, "The message is that we're not the enemy, we're the friends of the community." This response has resonated with people across the country, who are looking for positive interactions with law enforcement. The Rosenberg Police Department has made a name for itself on social media, using these platforms to connect with the community they serve. This video is just one example of their efforts to engage with the public in a unique way. Many have praised the officers for their willingness to let their guard down and show a more human side. In a time when tensions between law enforcement and the public are fraught, this video serves as a reminder that police officers are people too. People have responded positively to the video, with comments ranging from "This is amazing! Thank you for your service and your lighthearted approach!" to "This is the kind of stuff that makes me smile and remember that there is good in the world. Thank you!" As for the officers themselves, they are humbled by the response they've received. Officer Roy stated, "We're just glad we can make a positive impact and spread some joy." The video has not only gone viral on social media but has also been picked up by various news outlets across the country. It serves as a reminder that sometimes, even in the midst of challenging times, a simple act of fun and kindness can make a world of difference. The Rosenberg Police Department has gained many admirers and supporters through this video, and it is clear that their message of community outreach has hit home with many. The officers are grateful for the opportunity to connect with their community in a fun and positive way, and they hope to continue to do so for many years to come.