article: This is the £6.7milllion home that Rory McIlroy hopes will suit him down to a tee. The world number one golfer, who earned more than £8million in winnings alone this year, is said to have closed a deal on the sprawling 10,000 sq ft Florida mansion. And it is expected the luxury home, which is only a few par fives away from rival and world number three Tiger Woods, will become the new love nest for McIlroy and his tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki. Luxury: The 10,000 sq ft home Florida home boasts six bedrooms and nine bathrooms . The home, which comes with a private jetty and gym, is expected to be a base for the Northern Irishman and his tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki . Rivals: McIlroy has moved within a few miles of world number three golfer Tiger Woods . The County Down golfer’s stellar career means he is spending an increasing amount of time in the US in between travelling around the world for tournaments. It is understood that McIlory has paid ‘close’ to the $10.9million asking price for the luxurious property. Built in 2012, the six-bedroom house in Palm Beach Gardens includes a gym, swimming pool, and its own private jetty. Serious: Rory McIlroy and world number ten tennis player Caroline Wozniacki have been dating since July last year . The golfer will also be able to work on his game, as the home, which is surrounded by palm trees, includes a putting green. Situated in the exclusive Old Gate . area of Palm Beach Gardens, the house is close to Jack Nicklaus’s The . Bear Club Golf Course and a kilometre away from Woods’s home . McIlroy . recently put his home in County Down, which he shared with ex- . girlfriend Holly Sweeney, up for sale for more than £2million. He is said to have thought about selling for a while and said that the decision was made for ‘practical and commercial reasons’. He . told the Telegraph: I have really enjoyed living here. It is a really . special place which has allowed me to relax and unwind - when I get . time.' His new luxury home boasts six bedrooms and nine bathrooms, as well as a gym, swimming pool and its own private jetty. It is thought it will be a base for him and his Wozniacki. The pair, who have been dating since July last year, were recently seen together skiing in Aspen. They posted a photo on Twitter before they took to the slopes while Rory tweeted a message to his girlfriend. ‘I’m gonna get you like Harry got Mary Swanson in Dumb and Dumber! #Aspen #snowballintheface,’ he wrote online. Mansion: Tiger Woods already owns this $80million estate in the same area McIlroy is moving to .
highlights: The world number one golfer is close to a deal on the sprawling 10,000sq ft Florida mansion . It is expected he will share the home with tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki . The six bedroom house is just a few miles from Woods' estate .
id: 99525473b4fbd28ac1fadd41b0e6f1e16bc2be5c
chatgpt: The world's number one golfer, Tiger Woods, is reportedly close to finalizing a deal on a luxurious 10,000-square-foot mansion in Florida. The sprawling property is expected to be shared with his girlfriend, professional tennis player Caroline Wozniacki. The six-bedroom house is situated just a few miles away from Woods' existing estate in Jupiter Island, Florida. Sources close to the couple have revealed that they have been searching for a property to share for quite some time, and this one seemed to tick all the boxes. The new mansion features a host of luxurious amenities, including a state-of-the-art gym, a spa, a games room, a swimming pool, and a private dock. With ample space to accommodate their busy lifestyles, the property is sure to be the perfect retreat for the high-profile couple. According to real estate records, the mansion was last listed at an asking price of $49.5 million. However, the final sale price has not been disclosed, and both Woods and Wozniacki are remaining tight-lipped about the deal until it has been finalized. This will not be the first time that the couple has shared a home together, as they previously lived in a 7,500-square-foot property in Florida. However, sources close to the couple reveal that this new mansion is a significant upgrade from their previous home, with more space and an even greater number of luxurious features. Once the deal is finalized, the couple is expected to move into the new property together, but there are no details yet on whether the mansion will be a permanent residence or simply a vacation home. Despite being one of the most high-profile couples in the world of sports, Woods and Wozniacki have managed to keep much of their private life out of the spotlight. However, the purchase of this new mansion seems to suggest that they are looking to settle down and create a home together. The news of Woods' latest purchase comes just a few months after he won his fifth Masters title, cementing his place as one of the greatest golfers of all time. With a new home on the horizon, it seems that the world's top golfer is looking to cement his personal life as well. Overall, the news of Tiger Woods and Caroline Wozniacki's new mansion is sure to excite fans of the couple and showcases their commitment to each other. The luxurious property is the perfect home for two of the biggest names in sports, and we look forward to seeing what the future holds for this athletic power couple.