article: Target announced last week that it's ceasing operation in Canada and there's one loyal customer who's been shocked into mourning. Seven-year-old Reece James Thompson from Nova Scotia was filmed in the car as his parents broke the news. Video footage shows him suddenly breaking down in tears and petitioning 'I want Target back' - he even asks if they can go and buy something immediately in a bid to improve Target's cash flow. Scroll down for video . State of distress: Seven-year-old Reece James Thompson from Nova Scotia was filmed in the car as his parents broke the news that Target in Canada will be closing . The retailer was apparently Reece's one-stop shop for his favorite toys. 'Is there any way we can make [Target] not leave?' the youngster wails. 'I don't know what to tell you, they didn't make enough money,' Reece's father says. His son then comes up with a cunning plan to save Target. 'Well if we went there right now, we could buy something so they could make money,' Reece says as he continues to cry. His father says that they can pay a visit to Target tomorrow. However, he adds: 'I don't know if I have enough money to save them though.' Caught on camera: Video footage shows him suddenly breaking down in tears and petitioning 'I want Target back' - he even asks if they can go and buy something immediately in a bid to improve Target's cash flow . Target expanded into Canada two years ago, but has struggled to turn a profit, racking an estimated $2billion in losses. As a result the Minneapolis-based retailer is shutting its Canadian operation, closing 133 stores and laying off nearly 17,600 employees. Reece better get stocking up on goods quick. His mother says that Target's exit 'breaks his heart.' She added: 'His favorite store is closing, and now he thinks he will never be able to get the best Skylanders [toys] ever again! 'He always had the best luck getting new rare Skylanders at Target Canada.'
highlights: Target expanded into Canada two years ago, but has struggled to turn a profit, racking an estimated $2billion in losses . As a result the Minneapolis-based retailer is shutting its Canadian operation, closing 133 stores and laying off nearly 17,600 employees . Seven-year-old Reece James Thompson from Nova Scotia was filmed as he learned of the news . Footage shows him suddenly breaking down in tears and petitioning 'I want Target back'
id: 515819429148d6b6e045a1dfa1af1288b0dc44d8
chatgpt: After two years of struggling to turn a profit, Target has announced the closure of its Canadian operations. The Minneapolis-based retailer's move will result in the closure of 133 stores and the loss of nearly 17,600 jobs. Target expanded into Canada in 2013, but the move has been plagued with difficulties. The company has reportedly racked up losses of approximately $2 billion in the last two years. The decision to close its Canadian stores was not an easy one for Target. In a statement, Brian Cornell, Target's CEO, said, "This was a very difficult decision, but it was the right decision for our company."  News of Target's departure from Canada has upset many, including a seven-year-old boy from Nova Scotia. Reece James Thompson was filmed as he learned of the news, and footage shows him breaking down in tears before exclaiming, "I want Target back."  Target's departure from Canada is a significant blow to the country's retail industry. The retail giant was seen as a major competitor to other retailers like Walmart and Canadian Tire. Its departure will leave a gap in the market that is unlikely to be filled for some time.  The closure of Target's stores in Canada will also have a significant impact on the job market, with nearly 17,600 employees set to lose their jobs. However, Target has promised to provide its employees with a minimum of 16 weeks of pay and additional severance packages based on their years of service. Despite the challenges that Target has faced, the retailer remains committed to its customers in the United States. Target's CEO emphasized this commitment in the statement announcing the company's departure from Canada, saying, "We remain committed to our team members and guests in the United States, and are more committed than ever to delivering on our promise of an exceptional experience for our guests." As Target prepares to leave Canada, the country is left to ponder the impact of the retailer's departure on its economy and job market. Only time will tell how the market will adjust to the loss of this major player.