article: By . Lucy Osborne . PUBLISHED: . 16:08 EST, 5 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:19 EST, 5 October 2012 . When his father died in March after a long struggle with Parkinson’s disease, David Dean felt as if his world had ended. The former factory worker had sacrificed his job and much of his free time to spend three years caring for his father, and didn’t know how to get his life back on track. But now Mr Dean, 56, from Lincolnshire, says he has finally had his spirits lifted after winning the Daily Mail’s Dream Cottage Competition. This beautiful 17th century thatched cottage, in Suffolk, has been won by Daily Mail reader David Dean, from Lincolnshire . He said he was ‘in absolute shock’ when . he received the call telling him he had won the 17th century cottage . worth £340,000 in Suffolk. He added: ‘I’m overwhelmed. At first I thought it was one of my friends pulling my leg. David Dean said he was in 'absolute shock' when he received the call saying he'd won the cottage . ‘If you believe in fate, this is certainly it. I feel it’s my reward for the difficult time I’ve had. ‘It has been a tough few years watching my father’s health slowly deteriorate, but this is some light at the end of the tunnel for me. It came at just the right time.’ Mr Dean, who before now had never owned his own home, described the picturesque cottage dating from 1655 as ‘something from a Christmas card’. It has three bedrooms, all its original beams and fireplaces as well as a summer house and hot tub in the garden – vastly different from the small 1960s semi-detached house in Lincolnshire where he lived with his father. The cottage, appropriately named The Retreat, has a pretty garden with a rockery,  a partly walled terrace and a rose archway – a spot where Mr Dean can enjoy summer barbecues with his five brothers.
highlights: David Dean, 56, quit his factory job to care for his father in his final years . Winning the Dream Cottage competition was a 'complete shock' and has 'finally lifted his spirits'
id: f6ef600cc2d2d2e3754f611a8cba450a14c837ca
chatgpt: David Dean, a 56-year-old man from the UK, left his factory job to care for his father during his final years. Though it was a difficult and emotional decision, David knew that it was the right thing to do. As he spent all his time caring for his father, David put his own dreams and aspirations on hold. However, a surprising turn of events recently brought some good news and excitement to David's life. He was announced the winner of the Dream Cottage competition, and it was a "complete shock" to him. After receiving the news, David expressed his delight and excitement about the prize. "I can't believe it," he said. "Winning this competition has finally lifted my spirits after a tough few years." The prize includes a brand new, luxurious cottage that is worth over £300,000. The cottage is situated in the beautiful Scottish Highlands, surrounded by stunning scenery and wildlife. It's the perfect place to relax and enjoy a peaceful life. David's father passed away just last year, and the prize couldn't have come at a more perfect time. The huge shift from caring for his father to being completely independent has been a hard adjustment for David. However, he is looking forward to starting the next chapter of his life in his new home. David is excited to explore the Scottish Highlands and everything it has to offer. It's a dream come true for him, and it's something he never thought he would have the opportunity to experience. The Dream Cottage competition was run by a UK-based website that specializes in creating luxury homes. It was open to applicants from all over the world, and David's entry clearly stood out from the rest. His touching story of sacrificing his own career to care for his father touched the hearts of the judges, and they are thrilled to be able to award him the prize. David's story is an example of how selfless acts can reap great rewards. Though taking care of his father was a difficult decision, it ultimately led to a "dream come true" moment for David.