article: Washington (CNN) -- Jim DeMint may be long gone from the Senate and now running the conservative Heritage Foundation, but his blessing is still in demand for Republican presidential candidates marching through his home state of South Carolina. Even out of office, DeMint keeps counsel with a small but loyal network of Republican donors in South Carolina, an influential collection of business leaders and former state GOP chairmen who have relationships across the state's political spectrum. During the 2012 presidential race, the DeMint donors flirted with endorsing a presidential candidate and invited the cast of Republican contenders to a quasi-debate, the "Palmetto Freedom Forum," in Columbia. Despite the attention showered upon him, DeMint ultimately stayed neutral in that primary. His allies, meanwhile, splintered among various campaigns. This time around, Marco Rubio is hoping to make an early good impression. The Florida senator, whose rise in the tea party-fueled 2010 election was due, in part, to DeMint's early endorsement, has quietly arranged to headline a private fundraiser in Greenville next month for the group's think tank, the Palmetto Policy Forum, a Republican source familiar with the plans told CNN. Hambycast: Branstad's mustachioed superstition exposed . The pending visit makes him the first likely Republican contender to come knocking on the DeMint crew's door. Details of the event have yet to be sorted out, but it will take place on October 22, just a day before Rubio mentor Jeb Bush, another possible 2016 candidate from Florida, will host a re-election fundraiser in Columbia for Gov. Nikki Haley. Rubio is also planning to attend a grassroots fund-raiser for the South Carolina Republican Party in Columbia alongside Sen. Tim Scott, the man who replaced DeMint in the Senate. With a team of political advisers that includes Terry Sullivan, a strategist who labored in the trenches of South Carolina politics for over a decade, Rubio has started to put in serious facetime with the state's conservative community as he builds a case for the Republican nomination in 2016. Rubio was last in the state in August, when he tangled with a group of "DREAMers" who crashed a conservative barbecue in Anderson and loudly criticized the senator for turning his back on a comprehensive immigration reform bill. On that same trip, he held court with a group of social conservative leaders at the Greenville home of Lisa van Riper, the president of South Carolina Citizens For Life. He also met privately with officials from Bob Jones University.
highlights: Marco Rubio is meeting with influential conservatives in South Carolina . The Florida senator is considering a presidential bid for 2016 . South Carolina is a key early primary state for presidential nominating contests .
id: 19ab079274cb83971f248887d488c9d8eaf35a5c
chatgpt: Senator Marco Rubio of Florida is currently on a tour in the state of South Carolina, where he is meeting with influential conservatives and Republican leaders. The visit is viewed as significant because it may signal his interest in running for president in the 2016 election. South Carolina is seen as a critical early primary state in American presidential politics. Senator Rubio was in Greenville, South Carolina, on Saturday, where he spoke to a meeting of conservative activists. He discussed issues such as the current state of the economy, foreign policy, and the need for reforms in education and healthcare. The senator's visit comes after he made a similar trip to Iowa, another state critical to winning the Republican nomination. Rubio has gained popularity among the Republican base in recent years, particularly for his views on immigration and his experience as a young, energetic leader. He has been mentioned as a potential presidential candidate for some time, and many political observers believe that he could be a serious contender for the Republican nomination. South Carolina is a crucial bellwether state in the Republican presidential primary process. The state has traditionally played an important role in deciding which candidates will continue on to the nomination. Several recent presidential contenders, including Mitt Romney and John McCain, have each won the South Carolina primary on their way to the nomination. Rubio's visit to South Carolina, therefore, can be seen as an effort to start laying the groundwork for a presidential bid. He is taking the opportunity to meet with influential conservatives and Republican leaders, as they may be vital in helping him gain momentum as the primary season approaches. Senator Rubio is also scheduled to appear at a fundraising event for another conservative Republican, South Carolina Senator Tim Scott. The event is viewed as a possible indicator of Rubio’s intentions regarding 2016. If he uses the visit to help raise money for Scott and other Republican candidates, it may be seen as a sign that he is serious about running for the nomination. Rubio is a young and dynamic politician who may be able to draw in many young and minority voters. However, he will likely face strong opposition from other candidates, including more established Republican figures such as former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Nevertheless, Rubio's visit to South Carolina is an indication that he may be seriously considering a presidential run, and that he may be positioning himself in a state critical to winning the nomination.