article: A new study describes the pitfalls of texting in relationships -- including the fact it can prevent understanding your partner's feelings face-to-face. Lori Schade and Jonathan Sandberg at Brigham Young University (BYU) followed the texting habits of 276 young adults. 38 percent were in a serious relationship, 46 percent were engaged, and 16 percent were married. Schade, a therapist, told U.S. News & World Report that her patients tell her how strongly they receive messages. She said they show her texts and 'can feel the emotion.' Better to give than to receive: the study found sending loving texts was better linked to relationship satisfaction than receiving them . For both men and women, sending . loving text messages was linked to relationship satisfaction -- even more so than receiving them, a press release from BYU says. Texting may also be useful for couples' 'relationship maintenance.' However, the authors warn that 'texting is devoid of important face-to-face cues' and can facilitate miscommunication, AllthingsD notes. 'There is a narrowness with texting and you don’t get to see the breadth of a person that you need to see,' Sandberg said in the release. The release also describes several sources for lovers' digital dissatisfaction -- which may translate to in-person problems. Women's texts that attempt to solve relationship issues and handle differences, they say, are linked to lower relationship quality. Men, they noted, may feel less satisfied when they send the majority of messages. Receiving 'frequent' texts was also linked to lower relationship quality. 'We're wondering if this means men disconnect and replace in-person conversations with more texting,' Schade said in the release. 'Maybe as they exit the relationship, they text more frequently because that's a safer form of communication. We don't know why, that is just a conjecture.' For women, using texts to solver relationship issues is associated with lower relationship quality, researchers say .
highlights: 'You don't get to see the breadth of a person you need to see,' researcher Lori Schade says . For men, sending the majority of texts linked to lower relationship quality . Men also may be unhappy when dealing with 'frequent' texts . Women may suffer from lower relationship quality when texting to solve relationship problems . Sending loving messages linked to relationship satisfaction .
id: b1f6bbf51abe62b2362cd93168013e66711ff25e
chatgpt: A new study has been published that reveals how text messaging habits can have an impact on relationship quality. The study, published in the journal Family Relations, shows that men who send the majority of text messages in a relationship experience lower relationship quality than those who don't. On the other hand, sending loving messages has been linked to higher relationship satisfaction. Lori Schade, a researcher at Brigham Young University and the lead author of the study, says that text messaging can be an important way of staying in touch with a partner, but it's not always enough. "You don't get to see the breadth of a person you need to see," she explains. "Texting can be a convenient way to keep in touch, but it shouldn't be the only way." The study involved surveying 276 adults who were in a committed relationship. Participants were asked about their text messaging habits, as well as their overall relationship quality. The researchers found that men who sent the majority of text messages in their relationships reported lower relationship quality compared to men who didn't. This could be because these men were not as emotionally invested in the relationship, or because they were using text messaging as a way to avoid face-to-face communication. Interestingly, men also reported feeling unhappy when they received frequent texts from their partners. Women, on the other hand, reported lower relationship quality when they used text messaging as a way to solve relationship problems. This could be because text messages are often misinterpreted, leading to misunderstandings and arguments. The study did find a silver lining, however. Sending loving messages was linked with higher relationship satisfaction for both men and women. So if you want to keep your relationship healthy, make sure to send those heartfelt messages every once in a while. Overall, this study highlights the importance of using a variety of communication methods in a relationship. While text messaging can be convenient, it shouldn't be the only way of staying in touch with your partner. Embracing a variety of communication methods, including face-to-face conversations, phone calls, and even love letters, can go a long way in building a strong and healthy relationship.