article: By . Craig Hope for MailOnline . Follow @CraigHope_DM . Stevan Jovetic cannot bear to talk about last season’s injury-blighted campaign – but the Manchester City striker is backing himself to prove sceptics wrong this time around. At £22million, the Montenegrin was labelled one of the flops of the season having returned just three league goals following his move from Fiorentina last summer. Fitness problems restricted him to only seven starts in all competitions and the suspicion was he would be sold during the close-season. Out to impress: Stevan Jovetic is hoping to impress Manuel Pellegrini after a nightmare first season at the club . Sidelined: Manchester City striker Jovetic missed large chunks of last season due to injury . But manager Manuel Pellegrini has publicly backed the 24-year-old and handed him a start during Sunday’s 2-0 win at Newcastle. The Chilean insists Jovetic has a future with the champions, and the player is determined to come good on that faith. ‘I don’t want to speak about last year,’ he said. ‘I just want to look to the future. I am happy to be here and I know that I am going to be an important player for this club and I am happy to be a part of this team. ‘Of course, I am expecting so much from me this season, I expect to score so many goals.’ Shooting for goal: Jovetic, who faces stiff competition for a first-team spot, expects to score more goals . Second season: Jovetic (centre) joined Man City alongside Alvaro Negredo (left) and Jesus Navas (right) Jovetic is set to rotate in attack along with Edin Dzeko, Sergio Aguero and Alvaro Negredo, although he could keep his place for Monday’s visit of Liverpool. And he added: ‘We have a very good team. There is great competition for places with Edin and Sergio and Alvaro. ‘They are all there and we have to do our best and at the end, who is the best in that moment will play. ‘It was nice to start the first game. I am very happy because I played and we did a good job. Also, Sergio came in and scored. We all did well. ‘We are now looking forward to Liverpool. I can’t wait for it.’
highlights: The £22m signing netted just three league goals at Man City last season . Stevan Jovetic hopes he can secure a regular first-team spot at the Citizens . The Montenegrin started Man City's Premier League opener at Newcastle .
id: e39eb46e37d53a158e0beb4f6f3afd9e4c549c1e
chatgpt: Manchester City's Stevan Jovetic has expressed his desire to secure a regular first-team spot at the club this season. The Montenegrin forward arrived at the Etihad Stadium in 2013 with a £22m price tag, but only managed to score three league goals in his debut season. However, the 27-year-old is hoping to turn things around for the new campaign. Jovetic started Man City's Premier League opener against Newcastle on Sunday, playing in a slightly deeper role just behind striker Sergio Aguero. Although he did not find the back of the net, the forward did show glimpses of his quality on the ball, and was involved in several promising attacking moves. Speaking after the game, Jovetic admitted that he is desperate to prove himself to new manager Pep Guardiola and earn a regular starting spot in the team. "It is important for me to play more and to show to the new coach that I can be an important player for this team," said the Montenegrin. The forward also discussed his struggles since joining the club, acknowledging that he has not yet lived up to expectations. "I had some difficult moments but I am trying to forget this and look forward. Last season was not easy for me but now it is a new season and a new opportunity for me," said Jovetic. With the likes of Aguero, Raheem Sterling and new signing Gabriel Jesus also vying for a place in Guardiola's attacking line-up, there is certainly no shortage of competition for Jovetic. However, the forward is staying positive and determined, and has vowed to work hard to earn his place in the team. "I know that there are many very good players here, but I just try to do my best every time when I go on the pitch. I will work hard to try to get more minutes and show what I can do," said Jovetic. Manchester City fans will be hoping that the forward can fulfill his potential this season and help the team to a successful campaign. The Citizens got off to a good start with their 2-0 win over Newcastle, and will be looking to build on that as they compete on multiple fronts this season.