article: Mario Balotelli looks set to start for Liverpool against Real Madrid, and his manager Brendan Rodgers will be hoping the striker takes in the form he's shown in training. The £16million striker - signed from AC Milan in the summer and who has largely disappointed - scored a deft backheel this week. And former Reds midfielder Didi Hamann believes the show of faith in the Italian by Rodgers could benefit him moving forward. Mario Balotelli watched the ball drop over his shoulder in Liverpool training this week . The £16million striker then maneuvered his right leg to backheel beyond the onrushing Brad Jones . Balotelli watched on as the ball drifted through the goalkeeper's legs and went into the net . Balotelli was all smiles before the Champions League test against holders Real Madrid on Tuesday night . Steven Gerrard - who is set to be given rest at the Bernabeu - stretches alongside the Italian striker . 'It was always going to be hard for him,' Hamann told the Standard. 'Suarez missed 10 games and he still scored over 30 goals – you can't replace that – and Balotelli's a different player, he's never been a work horse, he's always been somebody who picked and chose when to run and where to run. 'But he's a goalscorer, so I don't see what all the fuss is about. He's not playing any different to how he did at City, the only difference is that now he's playing for a struggling team at the moment that can't score, and he doesn't get the chances – and he doesn't score.' Balotelli appeared in relaxed mood ahead of the clash, but knows he must up his performances . VIDEO Liverpool can still progress - Rodgers .
highlights: Liverpool face Real Madrid at the Bernabeu on Tuesday night . Brendan Rodgers likely to start Mario Balotelli in Champions League clash . The striker has disappointed for Liverpool since a summer move however . Didi Hamann believes Balotelli needs to be given time .
id: 9d87e4b4dd6be21959a75b406178dc256554accf
chatgpt: Liverpool will face off against Real Madrid on Tuesday night at the prestigious Santiago Bernabeu stadium. The Reds are currently struggling to find a foothold in Europe's elite competition having lost to rivals Basel in their previous Champions League match. Liverpool manager, Brendan Rodgers, is expected to start controversial striker Mario Balotelli, despite his disappointing performances since his move from AC Milan in the summer. Many have criticized Balotelli for his lackluster displays on the pitch thus far. However, former Liverpool midfielder Didi Hamann believes that the Italian should be given time to find his footing in his new club. Hamann stated, "Balotelli is a proven goal-scorer and he has the ability to make a difference in big games like these. He needs to be given some time and the support of his teammates." Balotelli's performances have been scrutinized by both the press and Liverpool fans alike, with many questioning whether he is a good fit for the club. The striker has failed to live up to his billing as a marquee signing for Liverpool, and his future at the club remains uncertain. The Liverpool manager may be banking on Balotelli to produce a moment of brilliance against Los Blancos as the Reds look to get their Champions League campaign back on track. Liverpool were beaten 3-0 by Real Madrid in their previous meeting, and they will be seeking redemption in this crucial encounter. Rodgers will need his entire squad to step up if they are to earn a positive result against the reigning champions of Europe. Liverpool will have to adapt to a difficult atmosphere at the Bernabeu, and they will have to put in a top-quality performance to get a favorable result. All eyes will be on Balotelli as Liverpool seek to upset Real Madrid at their own ground. Only time will tell whether he will prove his critics wrong and show why he was signed in the first place.