article: (CNN) -- Officials with the Iowa Lottery are seeking the winner of a $10.75 million Hot Lotto jackpot who has until 4 p.m. Thursday to claim it. "Someone legitimately won this money and we want them to take it home," lottery CEO Terry Rich said in a news release. "But you must present the winning ticket to the lottery in order to claim the prize." The ticket, which was bought December 29, 2010, at a QuikTrip in Des Moines, must be redeemed by 4 p.m. Thursday. The ticket matched all six numbers: 3-12-16-26-33 and Hot Ball 11. Few financial advisers would consider the $1 spent on the ticket to have been a wise investment. The buyer overcame 1 in 10.9 million odds to win, said Mary Neubauer, a spokeswoman for the state lottery. If the ticket is redeemed, the winner would owe 25% in federal taxes and 5% in state taxes, she said. But the possibility of taxes and the absence of a ticket haven't deterred the hopeful from lining up -- just in case. "We've been getting calls from the public all day long today," Neubauer said Wednesday night. "The closer that the deadline gets, the more people seem to be calling." Huge-money ticket in Georgia goes unclaimed . Some of the calls are from people who say they may have lost the ticket, or put it through a washing machine, she said. They are walked through a series of questions to determine whether they may indeed be the winner. So far, no luck. Other calls, she said, are from people who believe in the power of their own creativity. Once told they could not have been the winner, they call back again -- and again, each time with a different story, she said. "That's why we keep emphasizing that it comes down to -- you have to have the winning ticket," she said. If the prize goes unclaimed, the money would return to the 15 lotteries that offer the game -- in proportion to the percentage of sales that came from each state. "Iowa would get back about $1.3 million if this prize were to go unclaimed," Rich said. States differ on how they would use the money. In Iowa, the money would go into the prize pools for future games. Though a $77 million jackpot went unclaimed this week in Georgia, such cases are exceedingly rare, said Neubauer.
highlights: $10.75 million jackpot is set to expire at 4 p.m. Thursday if no one claims it . "You must present the ticket in order to claim the prize," lottery CEO Rich says . $77 million jackpot went unclaimed this week in Georgia .
id: 66210cb3c7581fe4564a29e67325e6e636a6a06f
chatgpt: Time is running out for the lucky winner of a $10.75 million lottery jackpot to claim their prize. The clock is ticking as the prize is set to expire at precisely 4 p.m. on Thursday, leaving millions of dollars unclaimed if no one comes forward. The ticket was sold back in January, and despite numerous efforts to find the winner, the rightful owner has yet to claim their jackpot. According to Rich, the CEO of the lottery, the winner will need to present the ticket in order to claim the massive cash prize. The lottery company has worked hard to publicize the expiration date of the prize, hoping that news of the looming deadline would compel the winner to come forward. A recent $77 million unclaimed jackpot in Georgia has served as a stark reminder of what might happen if the winner fails to claim their prize before the deadline. Even with the expiry of the lottery ticket fast approaching, there are still many unanswered questions regarding the winning ticket. The identity of the lottery winner remains unknown, and it is not even clear where the ticket was purchased. The lottery company is urging anyone who has a ticket to check their numbers carefully, as it is entirely possible that the winner is unaware of their sudden windfall. While the idea of a multi-million dollar prize may sound appealing to many people, Rich warns that time is indeed running out. He suggests that the winner should come forward as soon as possible, with only hours left before the jackpot expires. He emphasizes that the lottery company is eager to pay out the prize, but it can only be done if the winner claims what is rightfully theirs. It is not uncommon for lottery prizes to go unclaimed, but the thought of a jackpot this large going unclaimed is almost unfathomable. The loss of the funds will be a disappointment for the lottery company and a missed opportunity for the lucky winner. The clock is ticking down, and the chances of the winner coming forward are becoming slimmer by the minute. In conclusion, it is up to the owner of the $10.75 million lottery ticket to step forward and claim their prize before it's too late. Time is running out, and lottery officials are begging the lucky winner to come forward and claim their prize. Will the winner step forward in time? Only time will tell. The countdown to the 4 p.m. deadline has begun, and the world waits with bated breath to see if the winner will claim their massive windfall.