article: By . Jason Groves . Lowering the voting age to 16 will be among Ed Miliband's first acts if he wins the next election, Labour will say today. Shadow . justice secretary Sadiq Khan will say that lowering the voting age is . one of the party's top priorities as it seeks to restore public trust in . politics. The Tories . have dismissed the idea as 'student politics', and accused Labour of . pandering to the trade unions, who have demanded a cut in the voting . age. Sadiq Khan will claim today that the change could play a key part in tackling 'the public's malaise towards all things political' Labour insiders believe the party will benefit from the move because the 16 and 17-year-old age group are considered more likely to vote in its favour. But Mr Khan will claim today that the change could play a key part in tackling 'the public's malaise towards all things political'. Mr Khan wants to have the legislation in place in time for the London mayoral elections in 2016, in which he is tipped as a possible Labour candidate. This would require legislation immediately after the 2015 election to give young people time to register to vote. 'I'd love it if we can get the law changed in time for the next London mayoral contest,' he will say today. Lowering the voting age to 16 will be among Ed Miliband's first acts if he wins the next election . 'Getting the public into the habit of voting is clearly a key part of any solution if we are to raise the numbers of those who participate in elections. 'We need to get people hooked on voting at an early age because the evidence shows if you vote when you first become eligible you're more likely to keep on voting for the rest of your life. 'Don't vote when you're young and you're more likely to never vote. 'Changing the law and extending those eligible to vote would mean governments in the future would be foolish to ignore their voice.' Mr Miliband publicly backed the idea of votes at 16 at last year's Labour conference, when he said: 'Let's give a voice to these young people in our democracy, let's give the vote to 16 and 17-year-olds and make them part of our democracy.' Tory Party chairman Grant Shapps accused Mr Miliband of caving in to union demands to politicise the classroom, with votes for youngsters who are still at school. Other countries where voting is permitted at 16 include Austria, Nicaragua, Brazil and Ecuador. Youngsters aged 16 and 17 will also be allowed to vote in this year's referendum on Scottish independence.
highlights: Labour insiders believe the party will benefit from the move because the 16 and 17-year-old group are considered more likely to vote in its favour . But Sadiq Khan will claim the change could play a key part in tackling 'the public's malaise towards all things political'
id: 195182e4f71c005514abc4a897bf30e74048f3ab
chatgpt: Labour is considering lowering the voting age to 16, a move that party insiders believe will significantly boost their votes in the next general election. However, London Mayor Sadiq Khan is pushing for the change because he believes it could address "the public's malaise towards all things political." The UK's current voting age is 18, the highest in the world, and has been maintained since the Representation of the People Act of 1969. However, in recent years, several political figures and youth groups have pushed for a reduction in the voting age to 16. Proponents of this move argue that 16 and 17-year-olds are old enough to pay taxes and join the army, and therefore should have a say in who governs them. Sadiq Khan is one of the most prominent figures calling for the change. He believes that it will give young people a voice and help to tackle the alienation that many feel towards the political system. In a recent interview, he stated: "For a long time, there's been a malaise amongst the public towards all things political. If we can encourage young people to get involved in the democratic process earlier, then that has to be a good thing." However, the main motivation for Labour's consideration of lowering the voting age is the belief that 16 and 17-year-olds are more likely to vote for them. According to recent polls, there is a clear generational divide in British politics, with younger voters overwhelmingly supporting left-wing parties. Labour insiders are confident that by lowering the voting age, they can tap into this younger demographic and significantly increase their vote share in future elections. As one senior party member put it: "The Tories have been in power for a decade now, and they've done nothing for young people. If we can give them a reason to come out and vote, then that could be the difference between winning and losing." However, not everyone is in favor of the change. Some critics argue that 16-year-olds are too immature to make informed decisions about who should govern them. Others point to the fact that 16 and 17-year-olds are still in education and may not have the time to engage fully with the political process. Despite these criticisms, it seems likely that the issue will be debated more widely in the coming months. The Scottish Parliament has already granted 16 and 17-year-olds the right to vote in local and national elections, and there are growing calls for England and Wales to follow suit. Whether or not Labour's plan to lower the voting age succeeds, it is clear that there is a growing appetite for change amongst young people in the UK. With the next general election due in 2024, it remains to be seen whether 16 and 17-year-olds will be casting their votes alongside their older peers.