article: Pretoria, South Africa (CNN) -- Oscar Pistorius is a heartbroken man who has to live with the fact that he killed the love of his life, his uncle has told CNN in an exclusive interview. For the past three months, the double amputee sprinter has been living at his Uncle Arnold's house in Pretoria. He has grown a beard because he doesn't want to be recognized, and has surrounded himself with photos of Reeva Steenkamp, his uncle says. Pistorius is charged with murdering the 29-year-old model and law school graduate early on February 14, and faces a court hearing next Tuesday. Arnold Pistorius described the runner's grief as "unthinkable" and says his heart bleeds for his nephew. "He's got photos in his room, photos all over the place. He's housebound, you know. He doesn't go out in public places. Bloody photos of scene of killing leaked . "What can you say if the person you love the most dies, and you were the instrument? How would you feel? It's unthinkable." Pistorius says Steenkamp's death was an accident and that he mistook her for a burglar. The state says it was murder. A trial date has not been set. The sprinter's agent has also spoken for the first time about the 4 a.m. call he received telling him there had been a shooting at the track star's home. "It was the estate where Oscar (was) staying at, the estate manager's daughter phoned me from Oscar's phone. So I picked up the phone and saw it was Oscar's number and thought it was him phoning me. And just had this voice of a girl frantically on the other side shouting, 'Please, you have to rush over here, you have to come to Oscar's house,'" Peet van Zyl told CNN in an exclusive interview. "I initially thought it was Oscar that has been shot. She said, 'No, no, no, no. Reeva's been shot.' She explained then to me basically just briefly what happened. And yeah, total shock obviously. So I had to jump in the car and rush through to Pretoria." Van Zyl said he then called Ampie Louw, the sprinter's coach, and told him to jump in his car and get to Pistorius's house. "When arrived at the house and you see all the police cars and lights ... I was standing outside, me and Peet and the lawyer, but Oscar was inside," Louw told CNN. "I could hear him crying in the garage, and Reeva was at the entrance. So that was terrible for me." Pistorius will make a brief appearance Tuesday at the Pretoria Magistrates Court, which will hear a motion by state prosecutors to postpone the case for further investigations. The trial itself may not happen until early 2014. READ MORE: Not everyone surprised at Oscar Pistorius' fall from grace . READ MORE: Pistorius, and the psychology of walls . CNN's Nick Thompson contributed to this report.
highlights: Exclusive: Uncle says Pistorius's grief over killing of Reeva Steenkamp 'unthinkable' Pistorius has grown a beard and is surrounded by photos of Steenkamp . CNN's Robyn Curnow first reporter to speak to 'Blade Runner' at uncle's Pretoria home . Pistorius charged with murdering Steenkamp on February 14; has court hearing Tuesday .
id: 028c96949c7d2bdf46e1ab89cd0c6ef4ded963ff
chatgpt: South African athlete, Oscar Pistorius, has been described as being "surrounded by photos" of his late girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, by his uncle in an exclusive interview with CNN's Robyn Curnow. Pistorius, better known as the "Blade Runner" for his prosthetic legs, has also grown a beard as he prepares to face a court hearing on Tuesday over the murder of Steenkamp back in February. The grief and sadness that Pistorius is experiencing is "unthinkable," according to his uncle, as he struggles to come to terms with the loss of the woman he loved. The athlete has been keeping a low profile since the tragedy, and has been staying with family at his uncle's home in Pretoria while he prepares for his court hearing. Curnow was the first reporter to speak to Pistorius since the incident, and her exclusive interview sheds further light on the athlete's state of mind. When asked about the photos surrounding Pistorius, his uncle stated that they were a "reminder" of Steenkamp and how much she meant to him. He explained that Pistorius was "really struggling" to cope with the situation, and was "trying to make sense of it all." The murder case has been highly publicized, with Pistorius being charged with the premeditated murder of Steenkamp on Valentine's Day. The trial is set to start in March of next year, with Pistorius expected to plead not guilty to the charges against him. In the meantime, he has been spending time with family as he prepares for his court hearing on Tuesday. The South African public has been closely following the case, with many expressing shock and disbelief at the tragedy. Pistorius was seen as a symbol of hope and triumph for many in the country, and his fall from grace has been difficult to comprehend for those who have looked up to him. His uncle stated that the athlete was "fully aware of the gravity of the situation and the impact it has had on the country and the world." Despite the difficult circumstances, Pistorius has been praised by many for his strength throughout the ordeal. His uncle stated that he was "proud" of his nephew for the way he has handled himself, and that the family was doing everything they can to support him. Pistorius has not spoken publicly about the incident, but his uncle's interview provides some insight into the athlete's current state of mind. As Pistorius prepares for his court hearing on Tuesday, the thoughts and prayers of the world are with him and the family of Reeva Steenkamp. The tragedy has been difficult for all involved, but Pistorius has shown admirable strength in the face of adversity. The coming days and weeks will undoubtedly be difficult, but Pistorius knows that he has the support of his family and the world behind him as he faces the challenges ahead.