article: By . Emma Glanfield for MailOnline . A former soldier and game hunter shot himself dead in an apparent suicide following a domestic incident which led to a four-hour stand-off with armed police. Allan Ellis, 50, a licensed gun owner and butcher, threatened to harm himself when police arrived at his home following reports of a domestic incident at 10.55pm on Wednesday. Officers sealed off the residential street in Bacup, Lancashire, and coaxed a woman – believed to be his wife Heather- from the property as a negotiator tried to reason with Mr Ellis. Allan Ellis, 50, a licensed gun owner and butcher, threatened to harm himself when police arrived at his home following reports of a domestic incident. After four hours of negotiations, the former soldier took his own life . The former corporal with the Scots Guards spoke with specialised police officers for about four hours until negotiations broke down. Armed officers then entered the terraced house and found his body in an upstairs room at 3am on Thursday. Police confirmed they are not treating his death as suspicious and said no one else was injured in the incident. Mr Ellis' next-of-kin have been informed and are being looked after by a police family liaison officer. The former soldier served in the Army from 1980 to 1993 when a serious injury forced him to change career. He owned a game shop and went into hunting venison, rabbit, boar and other game, which he supplied to farmers' markets across East Lancashire. He also organised deer hunts, shooting events and ran a catering stand at food festivals. A Lancashire Police spokeswoman said the case has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), as is routine when a death occurs following police involvement. Police said the death of Mr Ellis (above) was not being treated as suspicious and said no one else was injured . She said: 'An investigation is under way and the family of the deceased are being supported by police liaison officers.' Neighbours spoke of their shock at hearing of Mr Ellis' death. An elderly resident, who has lived in the street for 40 years, told the Lancashire Telegraph: 'My husband went out at about 4.30am and there were three police cars outside. 'It really shocks you knowing that that's happened a few doors down. It's just awful. It must be terrible for Heather and her daughter.' Another resident, who did not wish to be named, said: 'It's terrible to think it's happened right on your doorstep.' Mr Ellis is thought to originally be from the village of Rushyford, in County Durham, and named his game dealing and shooting ware store in Burnley Road East after his hometown when he opened it 12 months ago. For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK, call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
highlights: Police called to domestic incident at home of Allan Ellis, 50, on Wednesday . Negotiators spent four hours talking to former soldier before he shot himself . Officers coaxed woman from Bacup property - believed to be wife Heather .
id: 429ce417d2c767c7a9f16ab01f47f45d0d007689
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a quiet street in Bacup on Wednesday when a domestic incident resulted in the death of former soldier Allan Ellis. Police were called to the scene after reports of a disturbance at Mr. Ellis' residence. Negotiators spent nearly four hours talking to Mr. Ellis before he eventually shot himself. Despite their best efforts, they were unable to convince him to surrender peacefully. Authorities attempted to coax Mr. Ellis's wife, Heather, from the property as well, but it is not known if she emerged before the incident reached its tragic conclusion. Neighbors reported hearing raised voices and other noises coming from the Ellis residence throughout the day. Many expressed shock and sadness at the news, describing the couple as private but friendly people who had lived on the street for several years without incident. Mr. Ellis was a former soldier who had served his country for many years. He was well-liked by his fellow servicemen and had received several commendations for his bravery on the field. He had joined the Army straight out of high school and had served in several different countries throughout his career. It is not yet clear what led to the domestic incident that ultimately ended in Mr. Ellis's death. Police have launched an investigation into the matter, but have not released any further details about the cause or circumstances of the incident. Mr. Ellis's death is a tragic reminder of the dangers that can arise when domestic disputes spiral out of control. As a community, we must continue to work together to support those who are struggling with issues at home and to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. If you or someone you know is experiencing domestic troubles, there are many resources available. The National Domestic Violence Hotline is a free and confidential service that provides support, information, and safety planning to victims of domestic abuse. You can reach them at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233) or online at www.thehotline.org. Our hearts go out to the friends and family of Mr. Ellis during this difficult time. We hope that they will find comfort and solace in the memories that they shared with him and in the knowledge that he will be remembered as a hero who served his country with distinction.