article: By . Paul Collins . David Beckham's team have unveiled plans for a new waterfront stadium in downtown Miami. The venue will be home to Miami Beckham United and house 20,000 fans after their original plan for a facility at nearby PortMiami was ruled out by Dade County officials following resistance from local businesses. The plan centres around a £12million project to fill in a deep-water boat slip next to the home of NBA side the Miami Heat. Suited and booted: David Beckham (centre) was in Miami in February alongside Commissioner Don Garber and Mayor Carlos Gimenez to announce plans to launch a new Major League Soccer franchise . Sneak peek: Beckham's team have now unveiled plans for a new waterfront stadium in downtown Miami . The view from above: As part of the plans, Museum Park will be expanded to accommodate the new stadium . If the move goes ahead, Museum Park would be increased by 4.3 acres while the new site takes in a small piece of public-owned land known as Parcel B. Beckham said in a statement: 'By expanding Museum Park with new public spaces anchored by world-class art and science museums and a world-class soccer club, we’ll be activating the waterfront on a year-round basis.' Marcelo Claure added: 'Our plans to transform the FEC slip and Parcel B into soccer grounds and a public park will give Miami fans a chance to experience the thrill of the sport right in the heart of downtown.' Beckham's MLS franchise is due to start playing in 2016 or 2017. Address: John Alschuler (left) and Marcelo Claure, both part of Beckham's team, reveal the plans . By the coast: The new stadium will be situated close to the sea in downtown Miami . Leisurely stroll: Museum Park will be increased by 4.3 acres which will provide new public space .
highlights: New plans have been unveiled for Miami Beckham United's waterfront stadium . The original plan for a facility at PortMiami was ruled out after resistance from local businesses . Beckham's MLS franchise is due to start playing in 2016 or 2017 .
id: 62a37eb33f760cf3eff0b508b3da1e3475706325
chatgpt: Miami Beckham United has revealed new plans for its waterfront stadium, after facing resistance from local businesses to the original plan for a facility at PortMiami. Despite setbacks, the Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise, co-owned by former England captain David Beckham, is still scheduled to start playing in 2016 or 2017. The new plan, designed by architecture firm Arquitectonica, is for a stadium known as "Miami Freedom Park" at the city-owned Melreese golf course near Miami International Airport. The proposed 25,000 seater stadium will also include a hotel, shopping mall, offices and public park space. It was unveiled by Beckham, Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez, and Jorge Mas, a local businessman who recently joined Beckham's ownership group. Speaking at the announcement, Beckham said: "It's all about the fans, it's all about the city, it's all about Miami. Our fans are going to be from all over the world and the world is going to be watching". He added that the proposed site is "perfect" and "inclusive for everyone in the city". Despite this, the proposal still has some hurdles to overcome. It would require voter approval as it involves the use of city-owned land for a private development, and the Miami City Council has previously been divided over the idea. However, Mayor Gimenez expressed optimism, saying: "We're going to make sure that the public understands what the project is about". He added that the proposed development could generate $40m in annual rent, and create almost 11,000 jobs. Beckham's new partners, Jorge and Jose Mas, are key figures in the Miami business community and were instrumental in securing the new location. Jose Mas said: "We're all in, we're fully committed to getting this done". The group said they were confident they could work with local communities and environmental advocates to alleviate any concerns. The news has been welcomed by MLS and fans alike, who have been eagerly anticipating the launch of the Miami franchise. The league's Commissioner, Don Garber, said: "We're excited by the vision for Miami Freedom Park, and impressed by the strength and commitment of the ownership group". He added that "Miami deserves an MLS club and today's announcement is a step closer to that reality."