article: (CNN) -- Canadian police say they're looking for possible connections between the discovery of severed body parts in two cities, including what appears to be a human foot mailed to the headquarters of the ruling Conservative Party. The grisly find in an office tower in Ottawa on Tuesday came the same day that a janitor found human remains -- but not a full human body -- behind an apartment building in Montreal, about 200 km (160 miles) away. Police also confirmed late Tuesday the discovery of a second human body part in Ottawa. No other details were immediately available. "It would be foolish for us to disregard what is going on in Montreal," Constable Marc Soucy, an Ottawa police spokesman, told CNN. But both Soucy and Constable Daniel Fortier, his counterpart in Montreal, said there was no known connection between the incidents Tuesday night. "'It's too soon to make any links between those two events," Fortier said. Soucy said a hazardous materials team was sent to the office tower that houses the Conservative offices in Ottawa shortly after 11 a.m. after workers reported a suspicious package. The officers who responded noticed what appeared to be bloodstains on the box, he said. Ottawa police Sgt. Steve Hodgson told reporters outside the office that the package had been addressed to the Conservative Party. Staffers had begun to open the package before calling police, he said. The party, led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper, had no comment on the incident Tuesday evening. Police are still calling the foot "possibly" human as they await tests from medical examiners, Soucy said. He would not discuss the condition of the appendage, whether any note accompanied the package or where it had been postmarked. Ottawa's major-crimes unit is checking with other police departments for similar cases and looking back through missing-persons files for any clues, Soucy said. "We're going to look at every avenue," he said. In Montreal, Fortier said investigators have no reports of missing people who might fit the description of the remains found Tuesday. He said a janitor made the discovery while looking into a report of "smelly garbage" Tuesday morning, and police don't know how long the remains might have been there. CNN's Jake Carpenter, Paula Newton and Matt Smith contributed to this report.
highlights: Police say it's too soon to link grisly discoveries in Montreal and Ottawa . An apparent human foot was mailed to Conservative headquarters in Ottawa . A janitor found other body parts behind a Montreal apartment building . "We're going to look at every avenue," an Ottawa police spokesman says .
id: 5901a64c1b6b04744e983ebe95c72e2cef756080
chatgpt: Investigators in Montreal and Ottawa are on high alert as they investigate the discovery of human body parts in both cities. However, police are cautioning that it is too soon to link these grisly discoveries. In Ottawa, the Conservative headquarters received a package containing what appeared to be a human foot. Ottawa police were immediately alerted and began their investigation. They have not yet confirmed whether the foot is indeed human or if it is related to the other body parts discovered in Montreal. Meanwhile, a janitor in Montreal found several body parts behind an apartment building. The discovery included a head, two hands and two feet. The investigation in Montreal is ongoing, and the police say they are exploring all leads and possibilities. Officials in both cities say that they are actively working together to determine whether there is a connection between the two incidents. However, they admit that it is too early to say for certain whether there is a link. "We're going to look at every avenue," said an Ottawa police spokesman. "Until we have more information, we can't say for sure whether or not the two incidents are related." The discovery of the body parts has caused concern among residents in both cities. Many are worried about their safety and are urging the police to do everything they can to solve the case quickly. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen in our city," said one Montreal resident. "I hope the police are able to find out who is responsible and bring them to justice." Authorities are asking anyone with information about either case to come forward. They say that even the smallest piece of information could be instrumental in solving the case. As the investigation continues, many residents are left feeling uneasy. They are hoping for answers soon so that they can feel safe again in their communities.