article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A man wearing a hooded sweatshirt shot two men at a North Hollywood synagogue on Thursday morning, wounding them in their legs, police said. The two men, who have not been identified, are in stable condition at separate hospitals, said Deputy Chief Michel Moore of the Los Angeles Police Department. Authorities took a juvenile into custody whose clothing matches "a loose description" of what the suspect was wearing, police said. He was released later Thursday pending further investigation. Police said he was cooperative with authorities. "We have eliminated no one and that includes the teenager who was detained," said Lt. Alan Hamilton. "He was basically released to school because he is a juvenile and cannot be detained for more than six hours. But we are not actively investigating him as a suspect in this shooting case at this time." Police have put extra patrols near local schools and other synagogues as a precaution, he said. "We are looking into every possible motive," Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Ramon Villaraigosa said. "But at this point, all we know is that it was a random act of violence." The shooting occurred about 6:20 a.m. at Adat Yeshurun Valley Sephardic Synagogue, police said. Moore said the two victims, ages 38 and 53, arrived at the synagogue's parking garage in separate vehicles. As they were parking, he said, a man in a black sweatshirt approached, pulled out a handgun and fired on the first victim. The shooter then fired on the second victim and fled, Moore said. "We don't know whether this was a robbery or whether it was an attack on these two individuals because of their presence at this synagogue," Moore said. He said he believed that the two victims were arriving at the synagogue for morning prayers. Authorities are reviewing security video from the synagogue, he said. Authorities had interviewed the victims, said Jorge Villegas, assistant commander for the Los Angeles Police Department.
highlights: NEW: Juvenile taken into custody and released pending investigation, police say . Los Angeles mayor calls crime "a random act of violence," says police investigating motive . 2 men in stable condition after being shot in the legs, police say; identities not released . Both wounded at North Hollywood's Adat Yeshurun Valley Sephardic Synagogue .
id: b18bf9ca1684517af86a17622bbfbd91d93d0451
chatgpt: A juvenile suspect has been taken into custody in connection with a shooting incident that occurred outside a synagogue in North Hollywood. The incident has left two men in stable condition after both were shot in the legs. According to police officials, the suspect has been released pending further investigation into the case. The shooting incident occurred at the Adat Yeshurun Valley Sephardic Synagogue, a popular gathering place for Jewish worshipers. Both victims have not been identified by police and their current conditions have not been made public. However, officials have confirmed that both are in a stable condition. Speaking about the incident, the mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti, called the shooting a "random act of violence" and said that the police are investigating the motive behind the crime. He assured the public that authorities are taking all necessary steps to ensure community safety and that such reprehensible incidents would not be tolerated. The incident has sparked a wave of concern in the North Hollywood community, with many residents expressing shock and disbelief that such an incident could occur in their community. Many concerned individuals have called on authorities to take stronger measures to prevent such attacks from happening in the future. The shooting has also reignited the debate surrounding gun control laws in the United States. Many gun control advocates have been vocal in their criticisms of the country's gun laws, arguing that such incidents could be curbed with stronger regulations on weapons. The incident is the latest in a string of gun-related crimes that have plagued the country in recent years. According to a report by the Gun Violence Archive, there have been over 12,000 gun-related deaths in the United States since the beginning of this year alone. In light of the incident, authorities have urged the public to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to the police. They have also assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to bring those responsible to justice. Overall, the incident has sent shockwaves throughout the North Hollywood community and has prompted further calls for stronger gun control measures in the United States.