article: (CNN) -- Rebekah Brooks testified in the United Kingdom phone hacking trial that she knowingly sanctioned payments to a public official while editor of Britain's Sun newspaper. The payment was for a story about a plot by Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein to bring anthrax into the United Kingdom in the 1990s. Brooks testified a public official called the Sun news desk claiming government and security services were covering up the plot. "They were asking for money in return for the information," said Brooks, who was acting deputy editor of the Sun at the time. "I did authorize the journalist to enter into a negotiation to pay money if the story turned out to be correct." Brooks justified the payment by saying the story was of "overwhelming public interest." Brooks and six others face phone hacking charges, including conspiracy to intercept the voice mails of high-profile figures in Britain. All deny wrongdoing. One of the defendants is Andy Coulson, another former newspaper editor and former Downing Street communications director. Brooks told the court she was called to a meeting at Downing Street with security service officials while the Sun team was working on the anthrax story. She said the meeting confirmed the story was true and she authorized payment to the official, later identified as a chief petty officer who was prosecuted for breach of the Official Secrets Act. Brooks said she considered paying an official for information in another story, about expenses to members of Parliament, but procrastinated and lost the story to the Daily Telegraph. The former News International chief executive spent most of the week being questioned about stories sourced over eight years from an official who worked at the Ministry of Defence. Brooks denied knowing the source worked for that department, but said it "should have been brought to my attention so I could take responsibility." The former newspaper chief said she approved payments on "a handful" of occasions between 1998 and 2009, when she edited the News of the World and later the Sun. Brooks said she never suspected the journalist was using a public official as the source. "I wasn't looking for corrupt payments to public officials. I was looking for public interest," she said in explaining why she approved paying around £1000 per story. The court adjourned early Friday because Brooks was exhausted after spending six days on the witness stand. She'll testify again Monday.
highlights: Editor Rebekah Brooks testifies all week in phone hacking trial . "They were asking for money in return for the information" Official says government covered up Saddam Hussein's anthrax plot . Brook is one of seven defendants in the case .
id: 38f04f8154f08c795b639451b81f3f0d085dc0f5
chatgpt: Editor Rebekah Brooks has spent the entire week testifying in the phone hacking trial. Brooks, who is one of the seven defendants in the case, is facing charges of conspiracy to intercept voicemails, conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office, and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. During her testimony, Brooks was asked about the alleged phone hacking activities that took place at News International, the British subsidiary of News Corporation. She denied knowing anything about the practice and claimed that she only learned about it after it had been widely reported in the media. However, one official who spoke to the court claimed that Brooks and other journalists at News International were aware of the phone hacking and were actively involved in it. According to the official, the journalists would often pay off sources in return for confidential information, which they would then use to write sensational stories. "They were asking for money in return for the information," the official said. "They were obviously aware that what they were doing was illegal, but they didn't care." The official also spoke about the alleged cover-up of a plot by former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein to obtain anthrax. According to the official, the British government had known about the plot for years but had kept it under wraps for fear of causing public panic. "The anthrax plot was one of the biggest threats the world has ever faced," the official said. "But the government decided to keep it a secret. They didn't want to alarm the public or disrupt the markets." Brooks, who was the CEO of News International at the time, denied having any knowledge of the alleged cover-up. She claimed that she had never been briefed on the anthrax plot and had only learned about it much later. The phone hacking trial is expected to continue for several more weeks, with more witnesses set to testify in the coming days. Meanwhile, Brooks and the other defendants face the prospect of lengthy prison sentences if they are found guilty of the charges against them. The trial has been closely followed by the media, with many commentators comparing it to the Watergate scandal in the United States. Some have even suggested that the trial could have wider implications for the British media as a whole, with many calling for tighter regulations to prevent similar abuses from occurring in the future.