article: By . Tom Sheen . Follow @@Tom_Sheen . Lionel Messi and his Argentina team took part in training ahead of their first World Cup warm-up match next Wednesday. While snubbed striker Carlos Tevez was relaxing on a beach in Miami with his wife and kids, Alejandro Sabella's men were put through their paces in a session at their Ezeiza training base in Buenos Aires. La Albicelste are set to face Trinidad and Tobago on Wednesday night before facing Slovenia on Friday night, both in Buenos Aires. Preparations: Lionel Messi and the Argentina squad took part in training ahead of their first warm-up match . Support: Argentine coach Alejandro Sabella said his squad needed to support Messi . Messi, who will captain his nation at the tournament, is under huge pressure in his homeland to finally deliver at a World Cup. For all his goals and trophies at club level with Barcelona, Messi has just one goal in his two World Cup appearances and has not come close to winning silverware with Argentina. But Sabella has urged his team-mates to make sure the four-time World Player of the Year has as much help as he can get to be successful in Brazil. 'There is a team which must help Messi,' Sabella told reporters earlier this week. Thumbs up: Lionel Messi is all smiles ahead of the match with Trinidad and Tobago . Controversy: Sabella snubbed Carlos Tevez (below) leading to protests in Argentina . 'We cannot put all the responsibility on his shoulders. He is happy. He feels sheltered by his teammates.' Sabella has been in the job since 2011 after a successful spell at Estudiantes which brought an Argentine title and the Copa Libertadores. He added: 'Messi has a different leadership role, in his own way. Leo is the leader with his footballing exuberance, which makes the whole world fall at his feet.' Sabella was not worried that a poor season for Barcelona would effect the little maestro's ability to perform in Brazil. Life's a beach: Carlos Tevez is on holiday with his wife and kids in Miami . 'I am not worried about that. Success is not just about winning. 'There are many other things - the people of Barcelona have been in a bad mood. These are natural things.' Argentina have been drawn in Group F alongside Iran, Bosnia and Nigeria.
highlights: Lionel Messi and Argentina team-mates took part in training in Buenos Aires . Snubbed striker Carlos Tevez is on a beach in Miami with his family . La Albiceleste coach Alejandro Sabella said his team 'must help Messi' Play against Trinidad and Tobago and Slovenia next week .
id: 83621809ed582529242e3a14eb1e07a794928ef4
chatgpt: Argentina superstar, Lionel Messi and his national team-mates resumed their training in Buenos Aires ahead of their upcoming international games against Trinidad and Tobago and Slovenia. As the team gathered for another training session, there was a notable absentee, Carlos Tevez, who was pictured on a beach in Miami with his family. Tevez's absence from the team has caused quite a stir among fans and critics, with many questioning the decision to leave out such a high-profile striker. However, the team's coach, Alejandro Sabella has been quick to defend his decision, stating that the team's focus is on supporting Messi, who is one of the best players in the world. "Everyone on this team has an important role to play, and that includes supporting Messi," Sabella said during a recent press conference. "We know how important he is to our success, and we must do all we can to help him perform at the highest level." Messi, who recently led Barcelona to another La Liga title, has been in top form this season, scoring 30 goals and registering 11 assists in 35 appearances. However, he has faced criticism in the past for his performances with the national team, particularly in major tournaments such as the World Cup. Despite their disappointing World Cup campaign last year, Argentina will be looking to bounce back in style in their upcoming fixtures. They will face Trinidad and Tobago on June 4th, before taking on Slovenia on June 7th. The team's training sessions have been intense, with Sabella and his coaching staff putting the players through their paces as they prepare for the upcoming fixtures. The players have been working on their tactical awareness and have been focusing on improving their fitness levels ahead of the games. The absence of Tevez from the squad has opened up an opportunity for other players to stake their claim for a place in the team. The likes of Sergio Aguero, Gonzalo Higuain and Ezequiel Lavezzi will all be looking to impress during the training sessions and make a case for inclusion in the starting line-up. With the team's focus firmly on supporting Messi, all eyes will be on the Argentine superstar as he tries to lead his country to victory in their upcoming fixtures. Fans will be hoping to see the best of Messi, who has a reputation for being one of the most exciting and innovative players in the game today. It remains to be seen how Argentina will fare in their upcoming fixtures, but with a team full of talent and a coach who is determined to get the best out of his players, the expectations are high. Fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating the start of the games, as they look forward to seeing one of the best teams in the world in action.