article: Hollywood's brightest stars converged at the Dolby Theatre on Sunday as the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced this year's Oscars winners. Take a look at who walked away with the gold below: . Best picture"12 Years a Slave" -- WINNER"American Hustle""Captain Phillips""Dallas Buyers Club""Gravity""Her""Nebraska""Philomena""The Wolf of Wall Street" Actor in a leading roleChristian Bale - "American Hustle"Bruce Dern - "Nebraska"Leonardo DiCaprio - "The Wolf of Wall StreetChiwetel Ejiofor - "12 Years a Slave"Matthew McConaughey - "Dallas Buyers Club" -- WINNER . Actor in a supporting roleBarkhad Abdi - "Captain Phillips"Bradley Cooper - "American Hustle"Michael Fassbender - "12 Years a Slave"Jonah Hill - "The Wolf of Wall Street"Jared Leto - "Dallas Buyers Club" -- WINNER . Actress in a leading roleAmy Adams - "American Hustle"Cate Blanchett - "Blue Jasmine" -- WINNERSandra Bullock - "Gravity"Judi Dench - "Philomena"Meryl Streep - "August: Osage County" Actress in a supporting roleSally Hawkins - "Blue Jasmine"Jennifer Lawrence - "American Hustle"Lupita Nyong'o - "12 Years a Slave" -- WINNERJulia Roberts - "August: Osage County"June Squibb - "Nebraska" DirectingAlfonso Cuaron - "Gravity" -- WINNERSteve McQueen - "12 Years a Slave"Alexander Payne - "Nebraska"David O. Russell - "American Hustle"Martin Scorsese - "The Wolf of Wall Street" Writing (adapted screenplay)""12 Years A Slave" - John Ridley -- WINNER"Before Midnight" - Richard Linklater, Julie Delpy and Ethan Hawke"Captain Phillips" - Billy Ray"Philomena" - Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope"The Wolf of Wall Street" - Terence Winter . Writing (original screenplay)"American Hustle" - Eric Warren Singer and David O. Russell"Blue Jasmine" - Woody Allen"Dallas Buyers Club" - Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack "Her" - Spike Jonze -- WINNER"Nebraska" - Bob Nelson . Animated feature film"The Croods""Despicable Me 2""Ernest & Celestine""Frozen" -- WINNER"The Wind Rises" Documentary (feature)"The Act of Killing""Cutie and the Boxer""Dirty Wars""The Square""20 Feet From Stardom" -- WINNER . Music (original song)"Happy" - "Despicable Me 2" - Pharrell Williams"Let it Go" - "Frozen" - Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez -- WINNER"Ordinary Love" - "Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom" - U2, lyrics by Paul Hewson, aka Bono"The Moon Song" - "Her" - music by Karen O, lyrics by Karen O and Spike Jonze . Music (original score)"The Book Thief" - John Williams"Gravity" Steven Price -- WINNER"Her" - William Butler and Owen Pallett"Philomena" - Alexandre Desplat"Saving Mr. Banks" - Thomas Newman . Visual effects"Gravity" -- WINNER"The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug""Iron Man 3""The Lone Ranger""Star Trek Into Darkness" Cinematography"The Grandmaster""Gravity" -- WINNER"Inside Llewyn Davis""Nebraska""Prisoners" Costume design . "12 Years a Slave""American Hustle""The Grandmaster""The Great Gatsby" -- WINNER"The Invisible Woman" Makeup and hairstyling"Dallas Buyers Club" -- WINNER"Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa""The Lone Ranger" Film editing"12 Years a Slave""American Hustle""Captain Phillips""Dallas Buyers Club""Gravity" -- WINNER . Documentary (short subject)"CaveDigger""Facing Fear""Karama Has No Walls""The Lady in Number 6: Music Saved My Life" -- WINNER"Prison Terminal: The Last Days of Private Jack Hall" Foreign language film"The Broken Circle Breakdown" - Belgium"The Great Beauty" - Italy -- WINNER"The Hunt" - Denmark"The Missing Picture" - Cambodia"Omar" - Palestine . Short film (live action)"Aquel No Era Yo (That Wasn't Me)""Avant Que De Tout Perdre (Just before Losing Everything)""Helium" -- WINNER"Pitaako Mun Kaikki Hoitaa? (Do I Have to Take Care of Everything?)""The Voorman Problem" Short film (animated)"Feral""Get a Horse!""Mr. Hublot" -- WINNER"Possessions""Room on the Broom" Production design"12 Years a Slave""American Hustle""Gravity""The Great Gatsby" -- WINNER"Her" Sound editing"All Is Lost""Captain Phillips""Gravity" -- WINNER"The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug""Lone Survivor" Sound mixing"Captain Phillips""Gravity" -- WINNER"The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug""Inside Llewyn Davis""Lone Survivor"
highlights: "12 Years a Slave" won the best picture Oscar at the 2014 ceremony . "Gravity" cleaned up in the technical categories . Both Jared Leto and Matthew McConaughey were recognized with "Dallas Buyers Club"
id: 29451f7667227e6f63388cc0431ce60dca208dc9
chatgpt: The 86th Academy Awards ceremony was held on March 2, 2014, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California. The ceremony, hosted by Ellen DeGeneres, celebrated the best films and performances of the year. The night was full of surprises and triumphs, as well as some well-deserved recognition for some of Hollywood's biggest names. One of the most talked-about films of the night was "12 Years a Slave," directed by Steve McQueen. The film, based on the true story of Solomon Northup, a free black man who was abducted and sold into slavery, took home the top prize of the night – the Best Picture Oscar. The film also garnered a number of other awards, including Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress for Lupita Nyong'o. Another standout film was "Gravity," directed by Alfonso Cuaron. While it was not able to secure the Best Picture Oscar, the film dominated in the technical categories, winning seven awards, including Best Director, Best Cinematography, and Best Visual Effects. The film, which starred Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, told the story of two astronauts stranded in space after their spacecraft is destroyed. In addition to these two films, there were a number of other noteworthy winners. Jared Leto won Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "Dallas Buyers Club," in which he played a transgender woman. The film, which also starred Matthew McConaughey, won Best Makeup and Hairstyling as well. McConaughey was recognized with the Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of Ron Woodroof, a man diagnosed with HIV in the 1980s. Cate Blanchett won her second Oscar for her leading role in "Blue Jasmine," a film directed by Woody Allen. The film, which also starred Alec Baldwin and Sally Hawkins, explored the life of a wealthy New York socialite who falls from grace. The awards show was not without its controversies, however. Many were disappointed that the critically praised "Inside Llewyn Davis," directed by Joel and Ethan Coen, was not nominated for Best Picture. Additionally, some criticized the lack of diversity among the nominees, with no people of color nominated in any of the four acting categories. Despite these criticisms, the 2014 Oscars proved to be a memorable night for Hollywood, with well-deserved recognition given to some of the year's most noteworthy films and performances. As the lights dimmed on the Dolby Theatre, audiences around the world were left with the words of Lupita Nyong'o, who, in her acceptance speech for Best Supporting Actress, said, "When I look down at this golden statue, may it remind me and every little child that no matter where you're from, your dreams are valid."