article: (CNN) -- A driver who confessed in an online video that his drunken driving killed a man now faces a homicide charge. A grand jury in Franklin County, Ohio, indicted Matthew Cordle on Monday on charges of aggravated vehicular homicide and operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol, more than two months after the deadly wrong-way collision. The 22-year-old's online admission that he was to blame has been watched more than a million times on YouTube. Now, Ohio's legal system must decide what punishment fits his crime. He is scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday afternoon. If convicted, he faces a maximum sentence of eight and a half years in prison, prosecutor Ron O'Brien said. Polarizing video . "My name is Matthew Cordle, and on June 22nd, 2013, I hit and killed Vincent Canzani," he says in the video posted last week. In the video, he recounts how he was out with friends, drank heavily and lost control the night of June 22. Canzani, 61, died when a wrong-way driver hit his Jeep on Interstate 670 near Columbus, Ohio. The video was posted on a website called "because I said I would," which provides a forum for people to make promises to others. Some viewers were impressed by Cordle's apparent courage and his plea, "I'm begging you, please don't drink and drive." But some viewers thought the video was "a crock," in the words of one commenter on the video site, aimed at reducing Cordle's probable prison sentence. Remorse called genuine . Canzani's ex-wife, Cheryl Oates, says she believes Cordle's remorse is genuine. "He said I made a huge mistake, and I'm going to take what's coming to me," Oates said. "You've got to respect him for that." Oates said Cordle should spend time in prison. But as a mother of two sons, she also feels pain for Cordle when she watches the video. "It's gut-wrenching coming from a mother looking at that young boy, and he just doesn't understand the damage that he did," she said. Lawyer: Leniency isn't goal . Cordle has pledged to plead guilty and said on his video, "I'm handing the prosecution everything they need to put me away for a very long time." O'Brien said the video has not influenced him to recommend a lighter sentence. "We had a case against him based on the evidence as I know it before the video was filmed," he said. Cordle's lawyer, George S. Breitmayer III, said leniency was not the goal of Cordle's video. "Despite any speculation of his intentions, the video was meant to raise awareness related to the serious issues surrounding drinking and driving," the defense lawyer said in a statement sent to CNN. "In addition, (Cordle) hopes his confession will offer the Canzanis some level of closure by avoiding any lengthy, drawn out legal proceedings."
highlights: NEW: An Ohio grand jury has indicted Matthew Cordle . In an online video, he confessed that his drunken driving killed a man in June . Prosecutor: There will be no leniency based on the video . Defense: Cordle wanted to raise drunken driving awareness, give closure to victim's family .
id: bbcdbf482636f8fdd5af77ee36394dddcb34af21
chatgpt: A grand jury in Ohio has indicted Matthew Cordle, who confessed in an online video that he caused a fatal crash while driving under the influence in June. The prosecutor handling the case has stated that there will be no leniency offered based on Cordle's video confession. The video, which was posted on YouTube in early September, shows Cordle admitting that he had driven the wrong way on a highway, leading to the accident that killed Vincent Canzani. The video quickly went viral, with over 2 million views in just a few days. Cordle's defense team has argued that he made the video in an attempt to raise awareness about the dangers of drunk driving and to give closure to Canzani's family. The defense has stated that Cordle intended to turn himself in to the authorities anyway, but that the video was a way to take responsibility for his actions in a public way. However, the prosecution has taken a different view, arguing that Cordle's video should not be taken as evidence of remorse or as a mitigating factor in the case. The prosecutor has stated that Cordle's actions were illegal and caused someone's death, and that he should be punished accordingly. The case has drawn widespread attention, with many people expressing both anger at Cordle's actions and admiration for his decision to confess publicly. Some have argued that Cordle's video shows a willingness to accept responsibility for his actions and to make amends, while others have criticized him for trying to gain sympathy or leniency through the video. Cordle faces charges of operating a vehicle while under the influence, aggravated vehicular homicide, and other charges related to the crash. If convicted, he could face up to 8 1/2 years in prison. The case has also raised broader questions about the use of social media in criminal cases. While Cordle's video confession has been praised by some as a brave and honest act, others have suggested that it could be used by defendants as a way to manipulate public opinion or gain sympathy from jurors. In any case, the indictment of Cordle demonstrates the serious consequences that can result from drunk driving. The case serves as a reminder to all drivers to never get behind the wheel after drinking, and to take responsibility for their actions if they do.