article: By . Matt Blake . PUBLISHED: . 03:44 EST, 1 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:26 EST, 2 August 2012 . As a young mother buys groceries at a petrol station, a leering pervert reaches his hand beneath the hem of her dress and takes a photograph up her skirt. Oblivious to the violation, Fallon Fraker continues paying as the peeping tom calmly sidles out of the convenience store towards his getaway motorcycle parked in the forecourt. A manhunt has now been launched after . CCTV caught the voyeur taking the picture on his mobile phone at a . Raceway petrol station in League City, Texas. Do you know this man? The man followed Fallon Fraker into the shop, after she saw him leaving, and waited menacingly behind her . Ms Fraker said the violation was calculated from the minute she walked through the sliding doors. 'When I was getting out of the car, he was leaving the store,' she said. 'As soon as he saw me walk into the store, he turned around and went back inside.' Despite his strange behaviour, she said she shrugged it off and kept on shopping. 'He got in line behind me,' Ms Fraker . said. 'I gave him the opportunity to go in front of me because I wasn't . ready to check out and he said "oh, no, you go ahead."' Brazen: The leering pervert reaches his hand beneath the hem of her dress and takes a photograph up her skirt . Shameless: Unable to get the angle he desires, the man leans ever closer to take the picture . Oblivious to what was happening behind her, Ms Fallon continued to pay for her goods as the man positions his camera to get the angle he wants. Unhappy with his first attempt, he creeps closer to get a better shot. He was only spotted through the window by two men filling their vehicles outside. Brave: Once alerted to the crime, Ms Fallon chased the man into the forecourt but he sped away on his motorbike (top of picture) Lesson: Ms Fraker said she would be more careful in future . Scene: The incident took place at this Raceway petrol station in League City, Texas . Once alerted to the crime, Ms Fallon chased the man and demanded he give her the phone to delete the pictures. But he fled into the city. 'Ill be a lot more cautious,'she added. 'Ill be keeping an eye out in future'
highlights: Manhunt launched after . CCTV caught the voyeur in the act at a . Raceway petrol station in League City, Texas . Victim Fallon Fraker said he was leaving the store but followed her back in and waited in line behind her . She offered to let him go ahead as she was not ready to pay, but he declined . CCTV show the voyeur creep closer, unhappy with first shot . He was only spotted by two men filling their cars in the station forecourt .
id: e613d976ff9d6bae6155d243c5ee2fc799c0673e
chatgpt: A manhunt has been launched after a voyeur was caught on CCTV at a Raceway petrol station in League City, Texas. The victim, Fallon Fraker, reported that she was followed back into the store by the suspect and was waiting in line behind her. She offered to let him go ahead, but he declined. The CCTV footage shows the man creeping closer to the victim and taking several shots, but apparently unhappy with them. He then moved closer, seemingly trying to get a better angle, while the victim was distracted. Two men filling their cars at the station were the only ones to notice the voyeur in the act. Fraker reported the incident to the police and shared the CCTV footage on social media in hopes of identifying the suspect. Many people in the community have come forward with tips and information, but so far, the suspect remains at large. Fraker says she was shocked and afraid when she realized what was happening. "I couldn't believe it," she says. "I just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible. I'm glad the other men noticed and I hope they can help catch this guy." The incident has alarmed many people in the community, who say they feel vulnerable and unsafe. "It's scary to think that someone could be watching you like that," says local resident Maria Martinez. "I hope they catch this guy soon." Police are urging anyone with information on the suspect to come forward. They say that voyeurism is a serious crime and that the perpetrator could face significant jail time if caught. The incident has also raised concerns about the need for increased security measures at petrol stations and other public places. Many people are calling for more cameras and better lighting to deter criminal activity. As for Fraker, she says she is still shaken up by the incident but is thankful for the support of her friends, family, and community. "I just want to put this behind me and move on," she says. "I hope they catch this guy soon so he can't do this to anyone else."