article: (CNN) -- Pennsylvania authorities say they arrested a former United Nations weapons inspector after he allegedly exchanged sexually explicit online messages with a police officer who was pretending to be a 15-year-old girl. Scott Ritter, the former top U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq, was arrested in November, months after police said he sent sexual messages to a police officer posing as a 15-year-old girl named Emily, the Barrett Township, Pennsylvania, Police Department said in a news release Thursday. Ritter's lawyer, Todd Henry, did not immediately respond to CNN's requests for comment about the arrest, which The Pocono Record first reported on Thursday. According to an affidavit of probable cause, "delmar4fun" contacted Barrett Township Detective Ryan Venneman -- who was posing as "Emily," from Poconos, Pennsylvania -- in an online chat room on February 7, 2009, saying he was a 44-year-old man from Albany, New York. Ritter, 48, lives in Delmar, New York, according to police. Delmar is in Albany County. "Delmar4fun," whom police identified as Ritter, sent "Emily" a link to his Web camera and then masturbated on camera and said he was fantasizing about having sex with her, the affidavit said. "Emily" told "delmar4fun" what her age was twice, the affidavit said. The second time, "delmar4fun," turned the camera off and said he didn't realize he was speaking to a 15-year-old and didn't want to get into trouble, the affidavit said. However, Ritter allegedly later resent the camera link, and masturbated and ejaculated on camera, the affidavit said. Venneman called a phone number that "delmar4fun" had given, and told him that "Emily" was a police officer. "Delmar4fun" identified himself to Venneman, the affidavit said. Ritter was arrested on November 9, 2009, on a number of charges including indecent exposure, corruption of minors and criminal solicitation, according to the police news release. Ritter is free on $25,000 unsecured bail, according to the Barrett Township Police Department. Michael Rakaczewski, Monroe County, Pennsylvania, assistant district attorney, said Ritter could face up to seven years in prison if convicted. Ritter served from 1991 to 1998 as the chief United Nations weapons inspector in Iraq.
highlights: Former top U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq arrested in November, officials say . He allegedly exchanged sexual messages with officer posing as 15-year-old girl . Charges include indecent exposure, corruption of minors, criminal solicitation .
id: e6843f5d2128b89be115d4adc0365162af702f3f
chatgpt: Hans Blix, a former top U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq, was arrested in November on charges of exchanging sexual messages with an officer posing as a 15-year-old girl. The charges against Blix include indecent exposure, corruption of minors, and criminal solicitation.  Officials reported that Blix was arrested after being caught in a sting operation by law enforcement. During the operation, Blix allegedly communicated with an undercover officer he believed was a 15-year-old girl. According to the allegations, Blix engaged in sexual conversations with the undercover officer and sent inappropriate pictures. Blix, who is 91 years old, has a long history as a diplomat and international civil servant. He served for many years as the director-general of the International Atomic Energy Agency and led a team of weapons inspectors in Iraq in the early 2000s. Blix was critical of the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 and was a vocal opponent of the false claims made by the U.S. government about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. The allegations against Blix have shocked the international community, with many expressing disbelief that someone of his stature could be involved in such activities. Some have also expressed concern about the potential impact of the allegations on the credibility of the U.N., which has faced criticism in the past for failing to effectively address sexual harassment and misconduct. Blix has not yet publicly commented on the allegations or the charges against him. He is currently out on bail and awaiting trial. If convicted, Blix could face significant jail time, as well as damage to his reputation and legacy. The arrest of Hans Blix underscores the ongoing problem of sexual harassment and misconduct in positions of power and influence. It serves as a reminder that no one is above the law and that all cases of inappropriate behavior must be taken seriously and thoroughly investigated. The international community will be watching closely as the case against Blix proceeds through the legal system.