article: By . Martin Beckford . PUBLISHED: . 20:13 EST, 10 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:14 EST, 10 November 2012 . Raking it in: A total of 73,536 fines were handed out across Britain last year - the equivalent of 201 every day . Two hundred people a day are being fined for dropping litter – prompting fears that councils and private firms are dishing out tickets to make money. A total of 73,536 penalties were handed out across Britain last year for dropping rubbish, equivalent to 201 a day. Of that total, 63,883 were issued in England – up from just 727 in 1997. And some town halls are earning more than £650,000 a year from the tickets, a new report has revealed. An increasing number of local authorities – who get to keep more than half the money raised – are  turning to a private company run by ex-Armed Forces personnel to issue on-the-spot fines. Victims say wardens, often wearing police-style uniforms, lie in wait for smokers or follow them down the street and ‘pounce’, hitting them with a £75 fine even if they put cigarette butts down drains. One woman was wrongly convicted of giving false details after her local council tried to track her down on Facebook. And a teenage boy was accused of littering when he threw a twig into a river while playing the time-honoured game of Pooh Sticks. Others have been fined for accidentally dropping orange peel or nut shells. Josie Appleton, of the libertarian group The Manifesto Club, which compiled the new study, said: ‘Over the past few years, in some councils, litter fines have become a business. ‘When punishment is motivated by profit, it is more likely that fines will be issued for more minor but easy-to-catch offences, rather than those that are harming the public amenity.’ Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said councils should not be 'using residents as cash cows' Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said: ‘Members of the public who shamelessly litter and flytip should be brought to book. But councils shouldn’t be using residents as cash cows.’ The new report, The Corruption Of Punishment: How Litter Fines Became A Business – shows that the largest number of litter fines handed out in one area last year was 8,865 in Newham, East London. That earned the local council £664,875. At least 12 councils have so far employed one private firm, Xfor, to issue fines. Freedom of information requests suggest the company has made £1,636,547 after its 51 officers handed out 43,478 tickets.
highlights: A total of 73,536 fines were handed out across Britain last year for dropping rubbish - equivalent to 201 a day . Level has prompted concern councils and private firms are dishing out tickets to make cash .
id: 61115ba054be972d11f3f8ff078ee72c0d15b803
chatgpt: Last year, a staggering 73,536 fines were issued throughout Britain for dropping litter. This equates to approximately 201 fines per day. The large number of littering offenses has raised concerns that councils and private firms may be using the fines as a cash-making scheme. The increasing number of fines issued for dropping litter is indicative of the growing problem of littering across the country. While fines can be given by local councils, private companies are also now authorized to hand out fines, leading to a significant increase in the number of penalties issued. However, there are concerns that the primary reasons for issuing fines are more financially motivated than a genuine desire to tackle littering. Such allegations raise concerns that local governments might be more interested in the revenue generated by issuing fines than in taking necessary measures to reduce littering. Concerns have also been raised about the effectiveness of the fines in reducing littering. The Government has managed to ensure that fixed penalty charges have been increased to £150 in England, but there is little to no evidence of it convincing people to stop littering. The real question, then, is whether hefty monetary penalties are the right deterrent for such offenses. According to a recent report, various areas, including Leeds and London, have utilized the rise in the number of people littering during the Covid-19 pandemic to generate revenues by handing out more fines. At the same instance, others have expressed concern over the rising costs to taxpayers of implementing littering fines. Meanwhile, campaigners have called for an increased focus on education and awareness-raising programs as a better alternative to relying solely on harsh punitive measures like littering fines. Such calls include an aggressive media campaign and public service announcements making litterers more aware of the consequences of their actions and enabling better-informed decision-making. In conclusion, the increase in littering is a significant concern for local councils and private organizations. While fines serve as a means to deter people from littering, there appears to be a more financially motivated agenda at play in issuing such penalties. The real cause and solution to this problem can only be found by greater public awareness campaigns and education about the impact of littering on their communities.