article: (CNN) -- The New York Police Department has until February 5 to respond a court challenge of its refusal to turn over its files on the October disappearance of an autistic teenager whose remains recently washed up in Queens. A lawyer for Vanessa Fontaine, mother of Avonte Oquendo, filed an order to show cause in Manhattan Supreme Court Wednesday seeking to overturn the city's denial of her request for the investigative documents on privacy grounds. The police department declined to comment Friday. Avonte's family is searching for answers into how the 14-year-old managed to walk out of his school on October 4, and the manner in which the police conducted the investigation of his disappearance, said the lawyer, David Perecman. "The circumstances were horrendous, and it highlights the incompetence of the school," said Perecman, who has also filed a legal claim of the family's intention to sue the city, school officials and the police. The teen's family, meanwhile, will hold a private funeral Saturday at Greenwich Village Funeral Home in Manhattan. There will be a Mass and lunch to celebrate Avonte's life, according to Penni Horwich, who is assisting in the funeral arrangements. "We plan to stand outside and release around 300 white balloons," Horwich said. "I thought it would be really nice." In an October notice of intention to file a lawsuit, Fontaine accuses city and education department officials as well as the Riverview School, which her late son attended, with failing to adequately and properly supervise the boy. The notice of claim also alleges that officials failed to take appropriate and timely action to prevent him from the leaving the school, and did not immediately notify the police department. Additionally, Fontaine accuses the police department of failing to provide proper and appropriate security to the boy's school, of failing to design and implement a security system, and of being grossly negligent for the safety and well being of her son. A notice of claim is a precursor to a lawsuit, which Perecman said will be filed within the next couple of months. The claim seeks $25 million for serious and permanent emotional harm, psychological injuries, loss of earnings, and incurred expenses. "This involves a terrible tragedy, and the City's thoughts are with Avonte's family. We will review the legal case thoroughly once it's received," the City Law Department said in a statement. Avonte, who had the mental capacity of a 7- or 8-year-old, according to his mother, went missing from his school on October 4. Surveillance footage showed him walking out of the school. Last week, police said a human arm, legs, underwear, dark jeans and a size 5Â½ Air Jordan sneakers washed up on the Queens side of the East River, police said. On Tuesday, DNA tests confirmed that the remains were those of Avonte, according to the medical examiner's office.
highlights: Avonte Oquendo went missing from his school on October 4 . The autistic 14-year-old's remains were found recently . DNA tests confirmed this week that remains that washed up in Queens were his . A private funeral for Avonte will be held Saturday .
id: f5b9898a2c6bac64c09002b8ed71e463bbe633d8
chatgpt: Avonte Oquendo, a 14-year-old autistic boy, went missing from his school in Queens, New York back in October of 2013. Despite extensive searches, there were no clues as to his whereabouts. It was only recently that his remains were found, washed up on a beach in Queens. DNA tests confirmed that the remains were indeed those of Avonte. The discovery of his remains brought a sense of closure to his family and friends who had been hoping and praying for his safe return for almost eight years. In a recent press conference, Avonte's mother, Vanessa Fontaine, thanked the community for their support and said that she can now start the grieving process. Avonte's heartbreaking story touched the heart of the nation. The search for him was one of the largest and most extensive in the history of New York City. Thousands of volunteers, police officers, and firefighters searched tirelessly for him, but to no avail. The discovery of Avonte's death was a devastating blow to his family, the community, and all those who had been hoping for his safe return. “We are heartbroken at the loss of Avonte," said Mayor Bill de Blasio in a statement. "His disappearance was a tragedy that left our city holding its breath for months on end as we hoped and prayed for his safe return. The news of his death is a sadness that is difficult to bear." Avonte's disappearance also sparked a national conversation about school safety and the care of students with special needs. His family and supporters pushed for the "Avonte's Law" that would require schools to have audible alarms on all exit doors. Avonte's funeral will be held on Saturday in a private ceremony attended by family and close friends. His family has requested that any donations in Avonte's memory be made to Autism Speaks, a leading autism advocacy organization. As the nation mourns the loss of a young life, Avonte's story will continue to be a reminder of the importance of school safety and the need for better resources for those with special needs.