article: New York (CNN) -- An Egyptian cobra that turned into a media darling after its escape and subsequent capture at New York's Bronx Zoo was named Mia on Thursday after a public vote. The name is a play on the days when the snake was missing in action, zoo officials said. The Bronx Zoo and New York Daily News asked the public to vote on the best name for the mischievous cobra.  After receiving more than 34,000 suggestions, officials whittled the list down to five nominations before Mia was chosen. Mia received 15,972 votes, or 27 percent of the total vote, a zoo statement said. The four runners-up were Subira, which means patient in Egypt, with 14,016 votes (24 percent); Amaunet, an ancient Egyptian goddess, meaning 'the female hidden one," with 11,672 votes (20 percent); Cleopatra, the last ruler of ancient Egypt who supposedly killed herself by means of an Egyptian cobra bite, with 10,730 votes (18 percent); and Agnes, Greek for pure or holy and also a reference to St. Agnes, with 6,777 votes (11 percent). "Now that Mia has received her official name and has settled into her exhibit at the Bronx Zoo's Reptile House, the building will be re-opened to the public on Saturday, April 9 and visitors will be able to see her for the first time," the statement said. But an anonymous Twitter feed on behalf of the once missing cobra appeared defiant. "So, the vote is in. They want to name me Mia," the posting said. "But in my heart I'll always know that my true name is Mrs. Justin Bieber." The 3-ounce, 20-inch reptile slithered out of her enclosure on March 26 and turned up five days later after zoo officials scattered rodent-scented wood shavings to lure her out in hopes of a meal. Zoo officials don't know how the snake got out, director Jim Breheny said this week. "Anyone who has ever dealt with snakes or kept snakes knows that they are notorious as escape artists," Breheny said Monday. The disappearance of an animal whose venom can kill an elephant in three hours and a human in 15 minutes sparked more amusement than panic, drawing 200,000 followers to an anonymously authored Twitter feed. It had the snake taking tours of the city and threatening to drop down the chimneys of unsuspecting city dwellers. All the attention has brought plenty of notice to the zoo, Breheny said with a laugh. "It certainly has put us out there," he said. "But we would have preferred to be out there for another reason."
highlights: The snake was named Mia after vote sponsored by Bronx Zoo and newspaper, officials say . The Egyptian cobra captured public imagination when it escaped last month . Visitors to Bronx Zoo can see Mia on Saturday, zoo says .
id: d5bf39676373d4a0a0f8bb89400530ea68b2b7e2
chatgpt: After captivating the public's attention for over a month, the Egyptian cobra that went missing from the Bronx Zoo has finally resurfaced - this time, with a new name. Zoo officials announced that the snake, which had become a social media sensation, will now be known as Mia.  The newly named Mia was originally discovered missing in late March, and her disappearance set off a frantic search by zoo staff. Though the zoo closed portions of its reptile exhibit to facilitate finding the missing snake, days went by without any sign of her.  That was until March 31st, when a caretaker found the two-foot-long snake coiled up in a dark corner of the zoo's administrative building - close to the reptile house where she was housed before she went missing.  Since Mia's re-emergence, the zoo's staff has been working to ensure that she is in good health before she is reintroduced to the public. Although Mia has been alone in her enclosure since her return, zoo officials have announced that she will be on display for visitors on Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. "We're thrilled to have Mia back where she belongs," said Jim Breheny, director of the Bronx Zoo. "Her return has been a huge relief to all of us, and we're excited for visitors to come see her once again." Mia's name was chosen through a vote sponsored by a local newspaper and the Bronx Zoo. The public responded enthusiastically, with thousands of suggestions submitted online. In the end, however, the name Mia was chosen in recognition of the snake's mysterious disappearance and subsequent rediscovery. "Mia represents the courage and tenacity that we saw during her time outside her enclosure," Breheny explained. "We thought it was fitting to give her a name that reflected that." Though the zoo staff was able to locate Mia without incident, the escape was a reminder of the complex care required for these types of animals. Zoos around the country have rigorous safety procedures in place for the care and handling of venomous snakes, including multiple safety barriers between the snakes and the public. In this case, however, Mia's disappearance sparked concern for public safety. The snake was rumored to be spotted in various locations across the city, but experts reassured the public that the danger posed by the snake was relatively low. "There was never any real danger to the public," noted Robert O'Hagan, a venomous snake expert. "Snakes like Mia are naturally reclusive, and they typically hide any time they feel threatened." Despite the relatively low risk to the public, the escape sparked wide-ranging interest and discussions on social media, with the hashtag #snakeontheloose becoming a minor sensation.  "Mia's escape was a teachable moment for all of us," Breheny noted. "We were able to demonstrate to the public how important safety is when it comes to handling these types of animals." Now that Mia is back on display, visitors to the Bronx Zoo are already eager to see her in person. "It's clear that Mia captured the public's imagination," said Breheny. "We're excited for people to come meet her and experience the magic of the Bronx Zoo once again."