article: (CNN) -- Petra Kvitova made a convincing start to her bid for back-to-back grand slams with the loss of just one game in seeing off Kristina Mladenovic of France Tuesday at Flushing Meadows. The Wimbledon champion has come into the U.S. Open after a morale boosting victory in the preceding New Haven tournament and again looked impressive. The third-seeded Czech broke her 73rd-ranked opponent five times in a one-sided contest to earn a second round clash with compatriot Petra Cetkovska. But there was a upset defeat for Australian Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova, who was stunned by 15-year-old American Catherine Bellis 6-1 4-6 6-4. Bellis becomes the youngest winner at the U.S. Open since Anna Kournikova in 1996 as she beat the 12th seed, who has endured a miserable summer on the hard courts. Other seeds fared better led by by seventh ranked Eugenie Bouchard of Canada, beaten by Kvitova in the Wimbledon final. Bouchard has struggled since her heroics at SW19, but eased past Olga Govortsova of Belarus on the Louis Armstrong court with a 6-2 6-1 victory. Govortsov had three break points at 2-2 in the first set but could not convert and won just a single game thereafter. Bouchard hit 19 winners overall and few unforced errors to get another grand slam campaign rolling. "I'm happy to get a match under my belt and want to keep it rolling this week," said Bouchard. "I love playing the grand slams and just want to raise my level at the biggest stages and the biggest matches," she told the official U.S. Open website. Former world number one Ana Ivanovic, seeded eighth, opened her campaign with a 6-3 6-0 win over American Alison Riske. The Serbian has won three titles in 2014 and beat top ranked Serena Williams in the fourth round of the Australian Open on the way to the last eight, her career transformed last year after a form slump. "Last year has been amazing change for me. I learned a lot about myself, about my goals, who I am as a person and who I want to be. "This is what I had to discover -- what was my goal," she told gathered reporters. But 20th seed Svetlana Kuznetsova made an early exit to Marina Erakovic of New Zealand on the 10th anniversary of the Russian's 2004 triumph at Flushing Meadows. Kuznetsova was edged out 3-6 6-2 7-6 in two hours 19 minutes. Williams, top seed in the women's tournament and Swiss maestro Roger Federer were opening their campaigns in the night session later Tuesday.
highlights: Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova powers into second round . Aussie Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova stunned by 15-year-old . Eugenie Bouchard and Ana Ivanovic breeze through . Roger Federer and Serena Williams in night time action at U.S. Open .
id: 4360b3017c7bb36c9b7566fc64ed825b12373299
chatgpt: Wimbledon Champion Petra Kvitova Powers into Second Round while Aussie Open finalist Dominika Cibulkova was Stunned by a 15-Year-Old. The first round of the U.S. Open is in full swing, and tennis fans have already witnessed some dramatic moments. Petra Kvitova, who won the Wimbledon championship earlier this year, got off to a good start in the U.S. Open. In her opening match, she played against Ukrainian opponent Kateryna Kozlova and won the match with ease. Kvitova showed why she is one of the favorites to win the championship, producing powerful and accurate shots that proved too much for Kozlova. On the other hand, Dominika Cibulkova, who had a fantastic run at the Australian Open earlier this year, was left stunned after losing to a 15-year-old player. The young player, Marta Kostyuk from Ukraine, showed no fear and played with determination, making even the most experienced sports analysts take notice. After the match, Cibulkova said that she was impressed with Kostyuk's style and believed that she had a great future ahead of her. In addition to Kvitova and Cibulkova, Eugenie Bouchard and Ana Ivanovic also made it to the second round of the U.S. Open. Bouchard, who has been struggling with injuries and form in recent times, looked sharp and focused as she overcame her Belgian opponent in straight sets. Ana Ivanovic, who had to come through the qualifiers to enter the main draw, had no problems dispatching her Italian opponent in two sets. In the men's section, Roger Federer and Serena Williams took the center stage in the night time action. Federer, who is gunning for his sixth U.S. Open title, looked relaxed and composed as he cruised into the second round. His Argentine opponent posed no challenge as Federer won the match in three sets. Serena Williams, who is making her comeback after giving birth, also looked impressive in her opening match. She defeated her Polish opponent in straight sets, showing that she is still a force to be reckoned with. As the U.S. Open moves into the second round, fans will be eagerly waiting to see how their favorite players perform. The U.S. Open has always been one of the most exciting events in the tennis calendar, and this year is no exception. The players are in top form, and the competition is fierce. It will be interesting to see who emerges victorious from this prestigious event. In conclusion, the U.S. Open has already provided some electrifying moments for tennis fans. While some of the big names have made it through to the second round with ease, others were left stunned by young, up and coming players. With more action yet to come, fans will be looking forward to some nail-biting encounters.