article: PUBLISHED: . 08:58 EST, 17 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:29 EST, 17 July 2013 . Reverend Al Sharpton has been seen with an attractive young woman on his arm at various recent events and according to the woman herself, they're dating. Sharpton, 58, attended the New York County Democratic Committee Award Ceremony on Monday night accompanied by Aisha McShaw, a 35-year-old from Westchester, New York. It's the first relationship Sharpton has made public since the demise of his 24-year marriage to Kathy Jordan in 2004. New couple: Sharpton and McShaw were pictured together in February this year . McShaw told reporters at Monday's event that she is a 'personal stylist'. The New York Daily News reports that when the attractive younger woman was questioned about her relationship to Sharpton, she said, 'I'm his girlfriend,' before being steered away from the reporter by Sharpton. McShaw was wearing a form-fitting black-and-white gown to the ceremony and certainly looked the part of a stylist, though her LinkedIn page describes her as a personal banker at Wells Fargo. Looking sharp: Rev. Al Sharpton cosies up with Aisha McShaw (right) and a friend . Sharpton's new squeeze comes in the wake of his 2004 divorce and 125lb weight loss in 2010. The charismatic activist and preacher scoffs at the idea of a 'reinvention', though. 'I don't evolve, I'm "reinvented",' he told Roland Martin in 2010. 'Like it's part of some slick strategy.' Amicable: Sharpton and his ex-wife Kathy Jordan, pictured here in 1998, divorced in 2004 . Sharpton attributes his dramatic weight loss to a change of diet and says he doesn't eat meat, but has fish twice a week and lots of fruit and vegetables. He and McShaw have been seen together at black-tie events around the country over the past few months. Evolved: (left) Sharpton with his daughters in 2004 and (right) discussing planned 'Justice for Trayvon' vigils in 100 cities across the U.S. yesterday after the acquittal of George Zimmerman . The well-coiffed host of MSNBC's PoliticsNation is usually outspoken but has remained tight-lipped about his love-life. After the decline of Sharpton's marriage, a spokesperson said he and ex-wife Jordan had simply grown apart. The split was said to be amicable. Sharpton has two grown-up daughters with his ex-wife, Dominique and Ashley.
highlights: Sharpton, 58, has been seeing 35-year-old Aisha McShaw . McShaw told reporters that she is Sharpton's girlfriend at an event on Monday . The activist and preacher was divorced in 2004 .
id: 30fd0b14afbd0454670ad5537ac2c892cae4919d
chatgpt: Reverend Al Sharpton, the prominent civil rights activist and preacher, has been reportedly dating Aisha McShaw, a 35-year-old woman. McShaw confirmed their relationship at an event on Monday, saying that she is "in love" with Sharpton. The 58-year-old activist and McShaw, a personal stylist, have been spotted together numerous times over the past few months. They have even made public appearances together, including at the screening of the movie "Harriet" in October of last year. Sharpton, who was previously married and divorced in 2004, has not commented on his relationship with McShaw in public. However, McShaw has shared details about their romance, revealing that they met at a party about two years ago. According to McShaw, Sharpton was initially apprehensive about pursuing a romantic relationship due to their age difference. However, they eventually hit it off and have been dating ever since. McShaw describes Sharpton as "kind and funny" and reveals that he often surprises her with thoughtful gestures. In a recent interview with the Daily News, she stated that Sharpton is "a wonderful human being who has helped so many people." Sharpton, who is a longtime advocate for social justice, has been involved in several high-profile cases over the years, including the killings of Trayvon Martin and Eric Garner. He has also been a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement. While Sharpton's work as an activist is widely known, less is known about his personal life. However, his relationship with McShaw has sparked interest among his supporters and critics alike. Some have criticized Sharpton's choice of partner, citing the age difference and the fact that McShaw is not a prominent public figure. However, others have defended their relationship, stating that it is their personal business and should not be subject to scrutiny. As for Sharpton himself, he has not addressed the criticism or the attention surrounding his relationship with McShaw. Instead, he remains focused on his work as an activist and preacher, continuing to fight for justice and equality for all.