article: By . Elliott Bretland . Follow @@EllBretland . Roberto Martinez is unsure whether Everton will be able to prise Romelu Lukaku away from parent club Chelsea. The giant striker has enjoyed an excellent campaign on loan at Goodison Park this season and scored 15 goals to fire the Blues to fifth in the Barclays Premier League table. However, Martinez insists the Toffees must wait to see what Chelsea's intentions are with regards to the striker before trying to strike a deal to sign Lukaku permanently. VIDEO Scroll down for Martinez: We will support the England manager's decision . Pointing the way: Romelu Lukaku has enjoyed an excellent campaign at Goodison and scored 15 goals . Unsure: Roberto Martinez insists Everton must wait to see what Chelsea's intentions are regarding Lukaku . Asked about Lukaku's situation, Martinez said: 'The parent club holds his registration, Rom will have a strong say. At the minute we can talk about his great memories. 'It is best to ask the parent club what is their intentions. We have an important 90 minutes to finish fifth.' Lukaku is set to star for Belgium at this summer's World Cup in Brazil and Martinez has loved having him at the club and belives the striker and can go far in the game. 'He is capable of anything, Rom. That is why Chelsea spent a huge amount on his potential,' said the Blues boss. 'It has been a joy to have him at the club. He has brought a lot in his open play. He is now going to a World Cup and the sky is the limit in his future. Sky is the limit: Martinez says it has been a joy to have Lukaku at Goodison Park this season . Meanwhile, Martinez believes John Stones is 'ready to embrace the challenge' should England boss Roy Hodgson decide to take the young Everton defender to the World Cup. Despite only making his Premier League debut in September, 19-year-old Stones has impressed for the Toffees and has been tipped for a place on the plane to Brazil. Martinez . believes Stones is ready to perform on the international stage and said: . 'I trust and admire the England manager. If he decides that youngsters . be called up, I can guarantee they are ready. He has faced any type of . situation, different strikers. He is ready to embrace any challenge that . comes his way. 'We . will support the England manager's decision. The young players have had . a huge role and they have performed. The character and maturity they . have in their personalities means they are ready. 'Ross . Barkley and John Stones have been playing beyond their years. We are . here to try and help the national team. Whatever Roy Hodgson decides, we . will try to help him as best we can. Prepared: Martinez says John Stones is ready to embrace the challenge should he earn an England call-up .
highlights: Roberto Martinez admits Everton will have to wait to see what Chelsea's intentions are with regards to Romelu Lukaku . Belgium international has enjoyed impressive loan spell at Goodison Park . Toffees boss believes the sky is the limit for 20-year-old frontman .
id: 83e6291a4cc898a8e5bc847fc94b1f2025592170
chatgpt: Everton may have to wait to see what Chelsea's intentions are with regards to Romelu Lukaku. The Belgium international has enjoyed an impressive loan spell at Goodison Park and it seems as though the Toffees wouldn't mind making the deal permanent. However, Everton boss, Roberto Martinez, has admitted that they will need to see what Chelsea's plans are for the 20-year-old striker before making any moves. Lukaku was signed by Chelsea for a fee of £18m back in 2011, but has found first team opportunities hard to come by at Stamford Bridge. He has since had loan spells at West Brom and Everton, where he has impressed with his performances and goalscoring ability. Speaking to reporters, Martinez said, "We all know Romelu is a quality player and he has been magnificent for us this season. It's obvious we would like to keep him at the club, but at the end of the day, it will come down to Chelsea's intentions." The Toffee's boss believes that the sky is the limit for the young striker and believes that he has the potential to become one of the world's best. "He has all the attributes of a top striker - pace, power, technical ability and an eye for goal. He still has a lot to learn, but he has made tremendous progress since joining us and I have no doubt that he will continue to improve and develop into a top-class player." Lukaku has been a vital player for Everton this season, scoring 14 goals in 30 appearances in all competitions. His performances have been one of the main reasons behind the Toffees' push for a Champions League spot. It's no surprise that Everton would like to keep hold of Lukaku beyond this season, but whether Chelsea will be willing to sell remains to be seen. The Blues have struggled to score goals this season and with the future of Fernando Torres and Demba Ba uncertain, they may be reluctant to part with Lukaku. However, if the young striker continues to impress at Goodison Park and proves that he can replicate his form on a consistent basis, then Chelsea may find it hard to resist any offers that come their way. For now, though, Everton must wait and see and hope that Chelsea doesn't have any immediate plans for Lukaku's future.