article: Diego Costa up against Thiago Silva is a mouthwatering prospect: one of the world’s best strikers versus one of the game’s best defenders. I watched Silva a lot at the World Cup for Brazil and he was immense. When he was missing, they lost 7-1 to Germany in the semi-final. Silva is an aggressive and brave defender who attacks the ball well. He’s not the tallest at barely 6ft but that gives him extra mobility. Diego Costa has been in formidable form for Chelsea since signing from Atletico Madrid last summer . Thiago Silva is one of the most respected defenders in world football and will try to stop Costa on Tuesday . Costa (right) will pose one of the toughest challenges that Silva has faced in a Paris Saint-Germain shirt . He’s good on the ball and is not afraid to bring it out from the back. Also, when opponents try to put pressure on him he will find a way out with a bit of skill. He makes it look easy. He is a threat in the opposing penalty area too but hasn’t scored for Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 or Europe for more than a year so he will know that needs to improve. Perhaps Silva’s biggest weakness is the league he is playing in. Ligue 1 does not offer enough of a regular test for PSG’s players so all of a sudden facing someone as brilliant as Costa could be a shock to the system. He and his central defensive partner David Luiz will want to show they are capable of stopping Chelsea, the competition’s highest scorers so far. Luiz’s professional pride will have been wounded when Chelsea sold him so he also has a big point to prove. But he and Silva will leave space in behind as they like to bring the ball out, and that could give Chelsea opportunities. Former Chelsea player David Luiz (right) is set to partner Silva in central defence for PSG . Silva (left) has criticised the decision of Costa to switch nationalities from Brazil to Spain . Silva and Luiz will also have to stifle the attacking threat of Eden Hazard (left) when they play Chelsea . Maybe they can get a hold of Costa but that might just leave space for Eden Hazard or Willian to run in behind. Costa can be the decoy. And as if the tactical battle isn’t enough, Costa switching nationality from Brazil to Spain will add even more spice. Silva has already said he wouldn’t do the same and probably wondered how well Brazil could have done in the World Cup with Costa in their side. Get ready for some niggles.
highlights: Diego Costa is set to return to Chelsea's line-up at Paris Saint-Germain . He will go directly up against Brazil defender Thiago Silva in the game . The battle between the pair could hold the key to who wins the clash . PSG vs Chelsea team news, match stats, odds and more . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
id: 530b97ebdcca0450c5e938f11b937d45f9e95079
chatgpt: Diego Costa is set to make his return to the Chelsea line-up as they take on Paris Saint-Germain in a crucial Champions League match. The Spanish striker missed the last three games due to a hamstring injury but is now fully fit and raring to go. His return is a timely boost for Chelsea who will be looking to get a positive result against the French giants. The game at the Parc des Princes will see Costa go directly up against Brazilian defender Thiago Silva. The two players have a history of intense battles on the pitch and their clash in this game could hold the key to who comes away with the victory. The physicality and aggression of Costa vs the finesse and skill of Silva promises to be an intriguing battle and one that fans will be eagerly anticipating. Chelsea manager Antonio Conte will be hoping that Costa can hit the ground running upon his return to the team. The team has struggled in his absence, failing to win any of the last three games. The Blues currently sit in third place in Group C, two points behind both PSG and Roma. A win in this game would be a huge boost to their chances of qualifying for the knockout stages of the competition. In addition to Costa, Chelsea will also welcome back Victor Moses and Antonio Rudiger to the team. Moses has missed the last two games due to injury, while Rudiger has served a one-game suspension. Their return will add much-needed depth and quality to the Chelsea squad. PSG will be no pushover though. The French side are unbeaten in their last 20 games in all competitions and have not lost at home in the Champions League since 2015. They have a star-studded team with the likes of Neymar, Edinson Cavani, and Kylian Mbappe all capable of turning a game on its head. Chelsea cannot afford to take PSG lightly and Conte will have his team well drilled and prepared. The Italian manager has a reputation for being tactically astute and he will need to be at his best in this game. His team will need to be defensively solid while also creating enough chances to trouble the PSG defense. In terms of team news, PSG will be without midfielder Thiago Motta who remains sidelined with a knee injury. However, they have plenty of other options in midfield with the likes of Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti both capable of stepping up. The bookmakers have PSG as slight favorites for the game with odds of around 6/4. However, as we have seen in this competition before, anything can happen on the night. Both teams will be going all out for the win and it promises to be an enthralling encounter. In conclusion, the return of Diego Costa will be a huge boost for Chelsea as they take on PSG in a crucial Champions League game. The battle between Costa and Thiago Silva promises to be an intriguing one and could hold the key to who comes away with the victory. Both teams will be giving it their all in what promises to be a thrilling encounter.