article: England batsman Jonathan Trott will continue to try to revive his Test career on his first overseas tour since leaving the Ashes in Australia with stress issues just over a year ago. The 33-year-old is captain of a 15-man England Lions squad, which begins a month-long tour of South Africa on Monday. Trott will lead the team in a three-day warm-up match against an invitation side in Soweto and two four-day games against South Africa A this month. He is not in the squad for the five one-day games that follow. Warwickshire batsman Jonathan Trott will captain England Lions during their tour of Australia . Trott, pictured at his home in Birmingham, left last winter's Ashes Tour with a stress-related illness . The South African-born batsman has said his selection for the Lions squad would help his bid to return to England's test team. 'I am like everyone else playing county cricket in that I have aspirations to play for England,' he said. 'I remember going on previous Lions trips in 2007 and 2008 and having to do my time on those and prove myself. That is something that I need to do again.' Trott returned to cricket last year after months of therapy following his decision to leave the 2013-2104 England tour to Australia, saying he was 'emotionally and mentally spent'. He departed the tour after the first test in Brisbane in November 2013, returning briefly to the game with Warwickshire at the start of the last county season, only take another break. Trott batting for Warwickshire last season (left) and for England during the Ashes in Australia . He was back again one month later after extensive psychiatric sessions. 'I had a "situational anxiety". It is pretty common with regard to everyday life, but when played out in front of the world media and press it is quite a big thing,' Trott said. 'Cricket is cruel and kind to you at the same time. It is a game you definitely love, but sometimes you question why you do it. I have found myself in a situation where I am enjoying it again.' Trott was back among the runs after his second comeback but, despite strong performances in the limited-overs matches as well, did not make England's provisional squad for the World Cup next month. He averages a healthy 46.45 in 49 tests, including nine centuries. The 33-year-old relaxes in the nets after a Warwickshire training session in the nets in September .
highlights: Jonathan Trott will captain England Lions on their South Africa tour . The 33-year-old is making tentative steps to return to international cricket . Trott left last winter's Ashes tour early with a stress-related illness . He says he 'needs to do his time' with Lions before returning to full squad .
id: cd29032e20d6943721b32efc1885ef6e19a258eb
chatgpt: Jonathan Trott has been announced as the captain of England Lions for their upcoming tour of South Africa. Trott, 33, who left last winter's Ashes tour early due to a stress-related illness, is making a tentative return to the international cricket scene. The Warwickshire batsman, who has 52 Test caps under his belt, has said that he needs to prove himself with the Lions before he can return to the full squad. This is a prudent move, given Trott's previous struggles with mental health issues. Trott's appointment as captain of the Lions is a mark of the high esteem in which he is held by the England hierarchy. He has been an integral part of the national team over the years, proving himself to be a reliable and consistent performer at the highest level. During his time away from the game, Trott has been working hard to regain his confidence and form. He has been putting in extra hours of practice and has also received support from the Professional Cricketers' Association. Trott will be hoping that his time with the Lions will enable him to rediscover his best form and pave the way for a return to the England side. He will also be hoping to make a positive impression as captain, inspiring his team to some excellent performances on the field. The Lions' tour of South Africa promises to be a challenging one, with a number of talented young players eager to make their mark on the international stage. However, Trott's experience and leadership qualities will be key factors in helping the team to achieve success. In addition to Trott's appointment, the Lions have also named an exciting squad for the tour, including the likes of Mark Wood, Liam Plunkett and Alex Hales. These players will be looking to impress the selectors with their performances and stake a claim for a place in the senior England side. The tour presents a fantastic opportunity for Trott to prove his worth and stake a claim for a place in the England team once again. The batsman is under no illusions about the challenge ahead, but he is determined to prove his critics wrong and show that he has what it takes to succeed at the highest level. Overall, Trott's appointment as captain of the Lions is a hugely positive development for both the player and the England team. If he can recapture his previous form and guide the Lions to success in South Africa, then he will be well on the way to a full-time return to the international arena.