article: General Martin Dempsey says the hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment demonstrates that the military superiority enjoyed by the U.S does not necessarily carry over to the cyberworld. As chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Dempsey serves as President Barack Obama's chief military adviser. Dempsey was recently asked whether the U.S. was vulnerable to a 'Cyber Pearl Harbour.' He said such an attack could disable critical infrastructure and would be hugely disruptive. General Martin Dempsey says the hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment demonstrates the military superiority enjoyed by the U.S does not necessarily carry over to the cyberworld . Dempsey was recently asked whether the U.S. was vulnerable to a 'Cyber Pearl Harbour' and said that such an attack could disable critical infrastructure and would be incredibly disruptive . Dempsey said the U.S. has peer competitors in cyberwarfare and went as far as calling it a level playing field. That makes him very uncomfortable, Dempsey said. He did not go into detail about steps the U.S. could take to beef up its cyber defences. Dempsey's comments follow an attack on Sony pictures late last year by a North Korean hacking group calling themselves 'Guardians of Peace'. The hackers released a series of embarrassing emails, including correspondence between Sony Pictures co-chairwoman Amy Pascal and producer Scott Rudin, who referred to Angelina Jolie as 'a minimally talented spoiled brat'. Among correspondence released was emails between producer Scott Rudin, middle, and Sony Pictures co-chairman Amy Pascal; in the emails Rudin called Angelina Jolie 'a minimally talented spoiled brat' Parts of the script for the new James Bond film Spectre, which is due to be released in 2015, were also released by the hackers, as well as emails about the plot lines. The Sony letters were published ahead of the release of 'The Interview', a film which takes the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un as its subject matter. Several cinemas refused to show the film, which Sony first pulled but later made available on the internet.
highlights: US military boss says a cyber attack could 'disable critical infrastructure' He is 'very uncomfortable' about competition in the cyber space . He made the comments after North Korean hackers attacked Sony Pictures .
id: 253a8f18ed2898f165cf48ef0e6ae91341028b36
chatgpt: The head of the United States military, General Joseph Dunford, has issued a grave warning about the potential risks posed by cyber warfare. Speaking at a recent event, General Dunford expressed concern that a cyber attack could cripple critical infrastructure such as power plants, water supplies, and transportation systems, leading to widespread disruption and chaos. According to General Dunford, the rise of cyberattacks has created a new battlefield in which the US faces increasingly sophisticated and dangerous adversaries. He stated that he was "very uncomfortable" about the competition in the cyber space, warning that the US must prepare itself to face the challenges of this new era. General Dunford's comments come in the wake of a cyber attack on Sony Pictures in 2014 which has been attributed to North Korean hackers. The hack resulted in the theft of sensitive corporate data and the temporary shutdown of Sony's computer systems. The Sony hack was a wake-up call for the US government, highlighting the vulnerability of even the largest and most resilient corporations to cyberattacks. General Dunford's warning serves as a reminder of the potential damage that could be inflicted on critical infrastructure and underscores the need for enhanced cybersecurity measures. The US government has been working to improve its cybersecurity capabilities in recent years, but there is more work to be done. As General Dunford noted, the US is facing an increasingly sophisticated and dangerous adversary in the cyber space, and the stakes are high. In response to this growing threat, the US government has taken a number of steps to bolster its cybersecurity defenses, including the creation of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) and the implementation of a number of new cybersecurity policies and regulations. However, as General Dunford made clear, there is no room for complacency or overconfidence when it comes to cybersecurity. The US must remain vigilant and continue to adapt and evolve its cybersecurity policies and protocols to stay ahead of the threat. In conclusion, General Dunford's warning about the risks posed by cyber warfare should be taken seriously by all stakeholders, from individual consumers to large corporations and government agencies. The US must continue to invest in cybersecurity and work to stay ahead of the ever-evolving threat landscape to ensure the safety and security of its critical infrastructure and citizens.