article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 8:49 PM on 15th February 2012 . Mother: Stephanie Maylee died from a drug overdose at the hospital while visiting her newborn son . A mother who gave birth to a baby boy by C-section and was subsequently released from hospital died three days later from an apparent drug overdose. Stephanie Maylee, 25, from Missouri, returned to Rolla Hospital to visit her son Blake who had been kept in for observation due to an undisclosed health problem. Her body was found in the hospitality room on Monday morning and an autopsy revealed she died of an apparent self-induced prescription drugs overdose. It is unclear whether it was accidental or on purpose. Pain medication is sometimes given to new mothers who have had cesarean sections. The hospital's CEO John Denbo says the mother gave birth to her newborn son on Friday, but had since been released from the hospital. Scroll down for video . Scene: Phelps County Medical Centre in Rolla, Missouri, is conducting an investigation into how the 25-year-old died from an overdose in their 'hospitality room' Excited mother: Stephanie posted pictures of her scan on her Facebook page where she counted down the weeks until he was born . He said: 'O.B.'s a happy place generally speaking and this is not a happy event. This is a very tragic event. Hospital CEO: John Denbo says the mother gave birth to her newborn son on Friday, but had since been released from the hospital . 'There apparently had been some discussion, "Well, you can't take your baby home with you yet, your baby's not ready to go home, but you can come back and visit".' She was last seen by hospital staff at 2.30am on Monday. Her body was found seven hours later. Phelps County Coroner is still  waiting for toxicology results to come back. Foul play is not suspected. Her son Blake, is still in hospital as child services try to decide who will gain custody. The baby's grandparents are thought to be seeking custody. The hospital has no record of the baby's father and doesn't recall anyone being with Maylee while she was a patient.
highlights: Stephanie Maylee, 25, had been released from hospital but was returning to visit her son . Baby kept in for observation .
id: 974c4e7dc12489a3bb19f28a45d46daa30447f1a
chatgpt: Stephanie Maylee, 25, was released from the hospital after giving birth to her son two weeks ago. However, despite being discharged from the hospital, she decided to return to visit her baby, who was still being kept in the hospital for observation. The young mother had been discharged from the hospital after giving birth to her son, but was concerned about her baby's health and development. Stephanie decided to visit her son at the hospital to ensure that he was getting the best care possible. The baby had been kept in the hospital for observation due to some health concerns, although the exact nature of these concerns was not disclosed. According to sources, the baby was doing well and was gaining weight as expected, but due to the health concerns, the doctors had advised that the baby stay in the hospital for with the medical staff keeping a close watch on him. Stephanie was relieved to see her baby doing well and was happy with the care he was receiving in the hospital. She spent several hours with her son, holding him close and enjoying some precious bonding time. Despite the inconvenience of having to return to the hospital, Stephanie felt that it was important for her to be there for her son, especially during this crucial time of his life. She said, "I feel much better now that I have seen my baby and made sure that he is okay. I want to ensure that he is healthy and happy, and I am grateful for the great care that he is receiving in the hospital." Stephanie's visit to her son is a reminder of how important it is for mothers to be actively involved in their child's healthcare, especially during the early stages of their development. It is also a testament to the dedication and efforts of the medical staff who work tirelessly to provide quality care to their patients. Now that Stephanie has had the chance to visit her baby, she is looking forward to taking him home as soon as he is discharged from the hospital. She feels that her son will be in good health and that he is in the best possible hands. She added, "I can't wait to take my son home and start our lives together as a family."