article: A Pizza Hut job advert which said it was looking for 'decent, good-looking girls' to work a part-time reception role in its Leatherhead store has been pulled following complaints it is 'sexist' A Pizza Hut job advert which said it was looking for 'decent, good-looking girls'  to work in one of its stores has been pulled after complaints it is sexist. The advert for the chain's Leatherhead eaterie was posted on website Gumtree but was removed after it was reported to Pizza Hut's head office. The advert said: 'Pizza Hut Leatherhead looking for full and part time drivers. Need to have your own car. 'We are also looking for a decent good looking girls for Reception. That role is just part time.' Jackie Quinn, Leatherhead's Chamber of Commerce president, slammed the advert's wording. She said: 'It is clearly sexist - and it's just not acceptable to be sexist. 'I'm sure it's a one-off error, someone's done it without thinking but it doesn't make it right. 'I think it's a shame, the company has let itself down. 'They're in the wrong and they should never have done it. 'As a woman in business I've had this sort of thing happen to me and you do get used to it but it doesn't make it right and in a professional company it shouldn't be allowed to happen. 'Realistically I do think they have to let that person go. 'I don't think it's acceptable and a national company of that size should have trained their staff well enough not to do that. The Pizza Hut franchise in Leatherhead has been slammed for posting this 'sexist' job advert (pictured left). Jackie Quinn (right) the town's Chamber of Commerce president, slammed the advert's 'sexist' wording . Speaking to the Dorking and Leatherhead Advertiser, she added: 'I would like to see their head on a block and they should be made an example of because, in this day and age, it's unacceptable and the company should have procedures in place to have kept that from happening.' A spokesman for the Leatherhead franchise would not comment except to say 'It has been dealt with and taken down.' A spokesman for Pizza Hut said: 'We do not condone this advertisement, which goes against the guidelines, policies and practices of Pizza Hut. 'It was an individual error of judgment from an employee, which was quickly taken down, and the issue is now being managed internally. 'We do not tolerate any discrimination of any kind and are committed to creating equal opportunities in a safe working environment.'
highlights: Job advert for 'good-looking girls' pulled following complaints it's sexist . Pizza Hut head office pulled advert saying staff member had put it up . Town's Chamber of Commerce president  slammed 'sexist' advert . Jackie Quinn also said she believes the staff member should be fired .
id: 86ed1107d7416ea6248b81a6845262ed1b87d3a0
chatgpt: Pizza Hut head office has been forced to remove a job advert after it was deemed "sexist" and "outdated". The advert, which stated that the company was looking for "good-looking girls" to work in one of its franchises, was criticised by both the general public and the local Chamber of Commerce. According to reports, a staff member at the Pizza Hut franchise in question is said to have put the advertisement up. However, upon discovering it, Pizza Hut head office swiftly removed the advert and issued an apology. Despite the swift action from Pizza Hut, the town's Chamber of Commerce president, Jackie Quinn, spoke out against the advertisement, branding it as "totally unacceptable" and "sexist". Quinn also called for the staff member responsible for the advert to be fired. Speaking to reporters, Quinn said: "I think it's totally unacceptable that a major company like Pizza Hut would even consider posting an advert that is clearly sexist and outdated. This sort of thing belongs in the 1950s, not 2019. I believe that the person responsible for the advert should be fired immediately." The incident has sparked an online debate, with many social media users expressing their outrage over the advert. Some have called for a boycott of Pizza Hut, while others have praised the company for removing the advertisement and issuing a swift apology. A spokesperson for Pizza Hut said: "We were made aware of the poster and immediately took action to remove it. The views expressed in the advertisement do not reflect the views of Pizza Hut or our franchise partners. We apologise for any offence this may have caused." This incident highlights the importance of companies taking responsibility for the actions of their employees. In today's day and age, it is not enough for companies to simply issue an apology and move on. They must take active steps to address the issue and ensure that it does not happen again in the future. While the advert may have been posted by an individual employee, it is the responsibility of Pizza Hut as a company to ensure that all its employees are aware of what is and is not acceptable in the workplace. By taking decisive action, Pizza Hut has shown that it takes these issues seriously and is willing to take the necessary steps to address them. In today's society, the need for equality and respect for all individuals has never been more important. Companies must take active steps to promote these values, both in their advertising and in their everyday operations. Failure to do so not only risks damaging the company's reputation but also goes against the principles of respect and equality that are vital for a fair and just society.