article: By . Laura Clark . and Sian Boyle . Spending watchdogs are to investigate claims that private colleges are letting thousands of students accept taxpayer-backed loans without turning up to classes. Up to 3,000 Romanians and Bulgarians have been claiming the money to study without proper proof of residence in the UK, it is alleged. One college, dubbed the ‘cashpoint’ by students, was yesterday said to be running classes which were largely empty. Allegations: Spending watchdogs are to investigate claims that private colleges are letting thousands of students accept taxpayer-backed loans without turning up to classes (file picture) The London School of Science and Technology (LSST) in Wembley is accused of recruiting students off the street and ignoring a lack of basic skills to put more of them on its books. It is claimed that in one ‘ghost’ class, not a single youngster had turned up 35 minutes after the lesson had started. ‘They go to the gym or the pub, or anywhere they like, but they don’t show up to class,’ LSST student Krisztian Muhasci, 34, told the Mail. A whistleblower told how a Romanian student described her approach. ‘She said “I get on a plane, I come to London. I stay for a week or two, and then I go back home and I get my student loan, maintenance, and I make more money than I would [in Romania]”.’ Chairman, Margaret Hodge, of the Public Accounts Committee, said she was 'shocked' at the claims . The Commons Public Accounts Committee has asked the National Audit Office to investigate the possible misuse of public funds by private colleges. It follows Coalition reforms which allowed students at such institutions to claim maintenance loans and grants worth up to £11,000 a year. Colleges can be handed £6,000 in tuition fees for each student they enrol. Margaret Hodge, chairman of the Public Accounts Committee, said she was ‘pretty shocked’ at the claims. ‘We’re talking about many hundreds of millions, if not a couple of billions, in taxpayer money which was set aside to support higher education,’ she said. Her remarks follow an investigation into the LSST by the Guardian, which allegedly found some classes had attendance rates of below 40 per cent. Over the past three years, its students have received more than £25million while the college has benefited from £6.5million paid to it in tuition fees. A wider investigation into private colleges by the Department for Business is said to have found that 3,000 Romanian and Bulgarian students have been claiming loans without proof of residence. LSST chief executive Syed Zaidi denied the allegations, saying that the college’s admissions procedures were ‘undoubtedly robust’. Universities and Science Minister David Willetts said: ‘Students and the taxpayers who provide funding deserve to get a quality service. I am determined to make sure that they do. Where standards are not being met we are taking action.’
highlights: Private colleges allegedly letting students claim loans without attending . Up to 3,000 Romanians and Bulgarians have been reportedly taking taxpayers' money to study without proper poof of residence in the UK . London School of Science and Technology allegedly runs empty classes . In one 'ghost class', no students turned up for 35 minutes, it is claimed . Spending watchdogs are investigating possible misuse of public funds .
id: f04ce44844a428c23d96c7511227d04d4d968b9f
chatgpt: Private colleges in the United Kingdom are being accused of allowing students to claim loans without actually attending classes. Reports have emerged that up to 3,000 Romanians and Bulgarians have been receiving taxpayers' money without proper evidence of residence in the country. This has raised concerns about the misuse of public funds. Among the colleges being investigated is the London School of Science and Technology, which has been accused of running empty classes. In one instance, a "ghost class" saw no students turning up for 35 minutes, according to sources. This has sparked outrage, as taxpayers' money is being spent on classes that are poorly attended or not attended at all. The National Audit Office (NAO) has launched an investigation into the possibility of misuse of public funds. The NAO is responsible for scrutinizing the spending of public money, and its investigation will seek to establish the veracity of these reports. The issue stems from a government policy that allows students from EU countries to receive loans to study in the United Kingdom. However, in order to be eligible, students must provide evidence of residence in the UK. Reports suggest that some colleges have been accepting students without proper verification of residence. This has led to concerns that taxpayers' money is being handed out without appropriate safeguards. In addition, it is feared that some students may be using the loans for purposes other than education. The issue is not limited to the London School of Science and Technology. Other private colleges are also being investigated. The NAO has indicated that it will look into the practices of a number of institutions. The controversy is likely to cause concern among taxpayers and policymakers alike. The misuse of public funds is always a serious issue, and concerns have been raised that the current policy may be too generous to foreign students. A spokesperson for the Department of Education has indicated that the government takes the matter very seriously, and will work with the NAO to ensure that public funds are being used correctly. The London School of Science and Technology has denied any wrongdoing. In a statement, the college said that it had followed government guidelines and had not acted improperly. However, the allegations against the college are likely to fuel the ongoing debate about the regulation of private colleges and the use of public funds. Overall, the issue of private colleges allegedly allowing students to claim loans without attending classes is a serious one that must be addressed. With taxpayers' money at stake, it is essential that the government and other agencies work to ensure that funds are being spent in a responsible and effective manner. The investigation by the NAO is an important step in this process, and its findings will be eagerly awaited by all concerned.