article: By . Sam Creighton . The live wasp was found in the £2 salad bag bought at a store in Hove, East Sussex . A heavily pregnant woman with a wasp allergy feared for the safety of her unborn child after finding one of the insects in her ready-to-eat Tesco salad. Hannah Bull, 28, who gave birth at 4am this morning to a healthy baby girl called Gracie, was halfway through the £2 'Bright Salad Bowl' when she spotted the insect lurking in the leaves. The mother, who was 39-weeks pregnant when she was eating the salad on Wednesday, was 'terrified' at the thought of what damage a sting could do to her and her baby. When Mrs Bull was previously bitten on the hand by a wasp, her fingers swelled and she developed a rash all over her body that lasted for several days. Her husband, Ben Bull, 29, believes his wife's throat would have swelled up, making  it difficult to breathe, if she been stung while swallowing the stray insect. He said: 'A snail or slug I can live with, but for something than can actually cause damage to be in a salad is terrifying. 'It could swell your throat closed and become hard to breath. I wouldn't want that for anyone, especially a pregnant woman or kids. 'This wasp had a wing and legs missing. Hannah jumped up, felt physically sick, and almost gave birth. 'Had she been stung, it could have harmed her and our baby.' The couple, who both work as customer service advisers at an insurance firm, bought the salad from a store near their home in Brighton, Sussex, two days before the incident. They said the wasp initially appeared to be dead but suddenly came back to life. During the incident, Mrs Bull tweeted: 'I just went to show my husband the salad wasp and it's only just come alive!!!! That makes it sooo much worse!!' Hannah Bull, pictured with husband Ben, was heavily pregnant when eating the salad but has since given birth . After finding the insect, Ben phoned Tesco's customer service helpline and an adviser asked them to bring in the salad for investigation. Tesco offered to refund the item and give the couple a £5 voucher as a gesture of goodwill. However, Mrs Bull posted on her Twitter account: 'My pregnant stomach can't handle things like this! I won't be buying salads from tesco! #dissatisfiedcustomer' And then again later, saying: 'I don't want an exchange! I don't intend on buying fresh salads from yourself again! Washed and ready to eat it certainly isn't!!' A Tesco spokesperson said: 'We set ourselves very high standards for the safety and quality of our food so we were concerned to hear of this incident. 'We are currently investigating and will keep Mr Bull informed of our findings. 'We have also offered him a gesture of goodwill for any inconvenience.'
highlights: Hannah Bull, 28, found the wasp in the £2 ready-to-eat salad bag . She is 'terrified' of what could have happened if the insect had stung her . Tesco is investigating but has refunded the item and given her a £5 coupon . Mrs Bull has said she will never buy salads from the supermarket again . She has since given birth to a healthy baby girl, called Gracie .
id: 997d0990fd7b52b0a13ad48b84565ef1cb0fbc63
chatgpt: A woman from Kent has been left shaken after finding a wasp in her Tesco purchased salad. Hannah Bull, 28, discovered the insect in a £2 ready-to-eat salad bag whilst preparing a meal for her family. Mrs Bull, who has a fear of insects, has said she is terrified of what could have happened if the wasp had stung her. Tesco is now investigating the incident, and has refunded the item and provided Mrs Bull with a £5 coupon. A spokesperson for the supermarket chain has apologised for any distress caused and reiterated the company's commitment to food safety. Mrs Bull has stated that she will never buy salads from the supermarket again and has warned others to check their purchases carefully. Speaking to a local news outlet, she said: "I was just preparing dinner for my family when I saw the wasp. I'm terrified of insects and it's really shaken me up. If I had been stung, it could have been much worse. I'm glad that Tesco is investigating and has refunded the item, but I don't think I'll be buying salads from them again." The incident has raised concerns over how widespread this issue could be. Many have taken to social media to share their own experiences of finding insects in pre-packaged food products. One user wrote: "This is disgusting. I've found flies, spiders and even maggots in my salad bags before. It's unacceptable." Another added: "I always check my food carefully but it's scary to think that this could happen to anyone." Tesco's policy is to ensure that all food products are safe and reliable for customers, but incidents like this highlight the importance of remaining vigilant when purchasing pre-packaged items. A spokesperson for the supermarket said: "We take incidents like this very seriously and we are investigating fully. We want to reassure our customers that we have rigorous quality control measures in place to prevent incidents like this from occurring." Despite the traumatic experience, there is a silver lining for Mrs Bull. She has since given birth to a healthy baby girl named Gracie. While this incident has left her shaken, she is grateful that no harm came to her or her family. She hopes that her story will act as a warning to others to remain vigilant when purchasing pre-packaged food products. As for Tesco, the investigation into this incident will undoubtedly lead to a review of their food safety procedures. The supermarket has faced criticism in the past for their handling of food safety incidents, but with such a large customer base, it is important that they remain vigilant in their efforts to provide safe and reliable products. For now, it remains to be seen what changes will be made following this latest incident.