article: (CNN) -- Convicted kidnapper Ariel Castro killed himself, the Ohio medical examiner who conducted his autopsy says, disputing assertions that the convicted kidnapper and rapist may have died accidentally. Coroner Jan Gorniak had harsh words for Ohio corrections officials for raising the possibility in a report Thursday that Castro's death may have been the accidental result of auto-erotic asphyxiation. That involves depriving the brain of oxygen by controlled strangulation to intensify a sexual experience. "I did the autopsy myself. I saw the ligature. I saw the pictures of the cell," she said. "It was a suicide." The state report released Thursday, meanwhile, also found that prison guards falsified logs and did not check on Castro as often as they should have. They appeared to have also falsified "the post log book for their rounds," according to the report, from the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction. The guards were placed on leave as authorities looked into Castro's death. Investigators have not decided on whether to take any disciplinary action. As for the report's mention of the possibility that Castro's death was accidental, the coroner said no one involved in the report consulted her -- and she's not happy about that. "They were outside of their lane ... I don't think anyone else should have an opinion on what the cause of death was," Gorniak said. In its report, the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction noted that Casto's body was found hanging from a sheet wrapped around his neck and tied to a hinge in the window of his cell. "His pants and underwear were pulled down to his ankles," the report said. "The relevance of this finding is unclear. These facts, however, were relayed to the Ohio State Highway Patrol for consideration of the possibility of auto-erotic asphyxiation." Gorniak said she was not made aware that Castro was found with his pants down in the jail cell, but that does not change the cause of death. There were no signs that he was sexually stimulated, she said. And his pants may have slipped off while he was hanging, she said. He left no suicide note, the report said, but not everyone who commits suicide does, the coroner said. Ariel Castro's son describes personal torment after father's crimes . Castro was imprisoned for more than 1,000 years for kidnapping and raping three women who he held in captive in his Cleveland home for years. He was found dead in his jail cell on September 3. Meanwhile, the report released Thursday also said that two prison guards responsible for checking on Castro "did not timely perform" required rounds.
highlights: Coroner who performed Castro's autopsy says Castro killed himself . She is dismissing a state report suggesting that Castro's deat may been an accident . The Cleveland kidnapper pleaded guilty in August and hanged himself last month . Castro's body was found with an open Bible and pictures of his family .
id: 20e9c990d3937eee4c7ba6338994d7121fd55d30
chatgpt: The coroner who performed Ariel Castro's autopsy has come forward to dismiss a state report suggesting that Castro's death may have been an accident. Instead, the coroner is stating that Castro took his own life. Castro made headlines in 2013 when he was discovered to have kidnapped and held three young women captive in his home for over a decade. In August, he pled guilty to 937 counts of rape, kidnapping, and aggravated murder. Castro was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years. However, just one month later, Castro was found dead in his cell at the Correctional Reception Center in Orient, Ohio. The state report released in October suggested that Castro's death may have been an accident, caused by autoerotic asphyxiation. But the coroner who performed Castro's autopsy is challenging that explanation. Dr. Jan Gorniak is stating that the injuries on Castro's body are consistent with suicide by hanging, and that any speculation about autoerotic asphyxiation is just that - speculation. "The only thing we can state definitively is the cause of death," Gorniak told NBC News. "Based on our observations, it was suicide by hanging." Gorniak is not a part of the state investigation into Castro's death, and her office conducted the autopsy independent of that investigation. However, she says that she reached out to the state's chief medical examiner to express her concerns about the report. "I contacted the chief medical examiner for the state and explained my concerns," Gorniak said. "But I did not receive a response." While the debate over the cause of Castro's death continues, the fact remains that he is no longer alive to face the consequences of his heinous crimes. The three young women he held captive - Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus, and Michelle Knight - have moved on with their lives, with Berry and DeJesus publishing memoirs about their experiences and Knight changing her name to Lillian Rose Lee and becoming an advocate for victims of abuse. As for Castro's final moments, his body was reportedly found in his cell with an open Bible and pictures of his family. It is unclear what, if anything, those items may have meant to Castro - whether they were a sign of remorse or something else entirely. Regardless, the fact that Castro took his own life means that justice will never be fully served for the three women he abducted and tortured. But with the recent guilty verdict and sentencing, at least some measure of closure has been achieved for his victims and their loved ones.