article: A baroness has spoken of her ‘horror’ at discovering she could see her own garden using Google satellite imagery. Lady O’Cathain said: ‘I was horrified the other day when I was given a certain website to look at. I could see the roses in my garden. ‘It was on a Google map or something, and I have no idea how it was taken. Lady O’Cathain said the picture of her garden, in which she could see her roses, had been 'taken up there' ‘It was taken from up there. Obviously it was not a large aircraft, but this is happening. It did not fill me with a sense of security.’ But her comments, which were shared more than 2,000 times on Twitter, provoked concern among internet users that she appeared not to understand the difference between satellites – which capture images used by Google – and aerial photography. Others voiced concern that the baroness, who is also on the House of Lords Digital Skills Committee, was not familiar with basic technology like Google Maps. One Twitter user wrote: ‘Good God, these people are supposed to look out for us and they don’t know even the basics of today’s world.’ Another said: ‘Good thing she’s not involved in creating laws that touch on public policy or technology. Oh wait…’ The baroness’s comments were made during a House of Lords sub-committee meeting on the rise of personal drones which can take aerial pictures and video, and how they should be regulated. Paul Cremin, of the Department for Transport, said there was a problem with people buying small drones (file) Paul Cremin, of the Department for Transport, said there was a growing problem with members of the public buying small drones, often fitted with cameras, for personal use without realising they were regulated by aviation law. He told the committee: ‘You can go into Maplins today and buy a fairly sophisticated system for about £500. The question is that when you get the box home, where, first of all, does it tell you that you are buying an aircraft, let alone anything else? ‘They are viewed in the Air Navigation Order as aircraft, and you have responsibilities under that order, but if I do not know that they are aircraft I do not know how to behave. This is a very real problem that we are aware of.’ He said the Civil Aviation Authority was calling on manufacturers to include information on aviation law and relevant data protection and privacy law with drones sold for personal use.
highlights: Spoke of 'horror' at being able to see her own garden with satellite imagery . Twitter ablaze about Lady O’Cathain who is on the Digital Skills Committee . Her comments came in House of Lords meeting on  rise of personal drones .
id: f03517c24a585d211d9dc5247e4f8cb0b1fb5650
chatgpt: Lady O'Cathain, who sits on the Digital Skills Committee, caused a stir on Twitter yesterday with her comments on the rise of personal drones. During a meeting in the House of Lords, Lady O'Cathain spoke of her "horror" at being able to see her own garden with satellite imagery. "People can take a drone and fly it over my garden and take pictures of my garden," she said. "I think there is something about the privacy of my garden that I would rather keep just to myself." Lady O'Cathain's comments sparked a flurry of activity on Twitter, with many users expressing their own concerns about drones and privacy. Some argued that drones posed a real threat to personal privacy, while others criticized Lady O'Cathain for what they saw as an overreaction. Despite the debate over Lady O'Cathain's comments, the issue of personal drones and privacy is a real one. As drone technology continues to advance, more and more people are using drones for everything from hobbyist photography to commercial surveillance. This has led to concerns about privacy and surveillance. In the wrong hands, drones can be used to spy on individuals or carry out other nefarious activities. There are also concerns about the potential for drones to cause accidents or other safety hazards. To address these concerns, many countries have introduced regulations governing the use of drones. In the UK, for example, there are strict rules governing when and where drones can be flown, and how high they can go. These regulations are designed to strike a balance between the benefits of drone technology and the need to protect personal privacy and safety. While some argue that these regulations are too strict and that they stifle innovation, others argue that they are necessary to ensure that drones are used safely and responsibly. Despite the controversy surrounding Lady O'Cathain's comments, there is no denying that the rise of personal drones raises serious questions about privacy and security. As technology continues to advance, it is important for regulators and lawmakers to keep pace and ensure that drone technology is used in a way that is safe and respectful of individuals' privacy.