article: Tennis fans' have slammed London's O2 Arena for banning them from taking sweets and snacks inside to watch the ATP Finals over terror fears. Angry ticket holders branded the decision 'security gone mad' and a 'disgrace,' as they were forced to dump food they had bought with them on arrival. Attendees described seeing bins full of food at the turnstiles and questioned whether the rules were part of a money making scheme. London's 02 Arena has been hosting the ATP Finals which will conclude on Sunday . Bosses at the O2 arena said that fans' had been warned about the 'additional security' measures before arriving at the event. Martin Allpress took to Twitter to expressed his dismay after security guards tried to confiscate his packet of wine gums. He posted: 'The security guards even tried to take my sweets, what security risk are wine gums? #jobsworths.' A tennis fan (left) is searched at the entrance to the 02 Arena. Thousands of tennis fans have had food and drinks confiscated after recent terror threats have been raised. Drinks were reported by fans' to have been as much as £5 at the event, which features the top eight male tennis players in the world. Alison Williams said: 'The security at the #atp tour finals is a disgrace. Stopping people taking in food or drink so that they can charge you £5 for a drink.' Tennis fan Kate Millin, who suffers from coeliac disease, was forced to hand over her snacks, but said that no gluten free food was being sold within the arena. 'I am not impressed that I was not able take food in to watch the tennis as I am #coeliac and there as no food for me inside @The02' Novak Djokovic will play in the final of the eight-man event having defeated Kei Nishikori in the semi-finals . Others raised concerns that the ban, which also included fruit, could force the ATP to look elsewhere to hold the prestigious event that marks the end of the players' season. Novak Djokovic will face either six-time former winner Roger Federer or third seed Stan Wawrinka in Sunday's final. The O2 Arena and ATP World Tour said in a statement: 'The event's policy on food and beverages being brought into the arena is one of a number of additional security measures being implemented this year. 'In addition to being printed on the tickets, the additional security measures have been communicated via email to all ticket holders prior to the event.'
highlights: Security guards told to take food off ticket holders at ATP Finals . Tennis fans' brand the decision 'security gone mad' and a 'disgrace' Bosses at O2 say fans had been advised of 'additional security' measures . Novak Djokovic already through to final of London event .
id: 44a69ca6e582e5677812ff9e5bd46e521e6b26e9
chatgpt: Tennis fans attending the ATP Finals at O2 Arena in London were left outraged as security guards were seen taking away their food at the entrance. The decision, which was described as "security gone mad" and a "disgrace", did not sit well with the spectators who had purchased tickets for the event. Fans took to social media to express their discontentment at the strict security measures. Some questioned the reasoning behind the move, calling it unnecessary and inconvenient. Others argued that they had already paid for the food and should have been allowed to bring it into the venue. However, according to the bosses at O2, fans had been advised about the "additional security" measures prior to the event. The decision to confiscate food and drink was made to ensure the safety and security of all people attending the event. Despite the backlash, Novak Djokovic had already made it through to the final of the ATP Finals, after defeating Alexander Zverev in the semis, in a thrilling encounter. Djokovic, who is a five-time champion at the O2 Arena, is now set to face the winner of the other semi-final between Rafael Nadal and Daniil Medvedev. Djokovic was all praises for the organizers of the event, saying that the security measures were in place to ensure the smooth running of the event, and was necessary to maintain law and order. The ATP Finals is one of the most prestigious events on the tennis calendar, with the world's top eight players competing for the title. The tournament is held annually at the O2 Arena and has been a major part of the tennis calendar since its inception in 2009. While the decision to confiscate food and drink from the fans may have been unpopular, it was made in the interests of everyone's safety. The security staff were simply following instructions and enforcing the rules, which are in place for a reason. As the ATP Finals draw to a close, it remains to be seen whether similar measures will be put in place for future events. Whether or not fans will be allowed to bring their own food and drink into the O2 Arena again is something that only time will tell. For now, the fans will have to make do with the refreshments available inside the venue.