article: By . Emma Reynolds . UPDATED: . 06:34 EST, 1 November 2011 . JK Rowling nearly killed off Harry Potter or one his two best friends midway through writing the books, the writer has revealed. Halfway through the wildly popular series, Miss Rowling said she 'seriously' considered 'polishing one of them off'. And it was ginger-haired joker Ron Weasley who seemed the most likely candidate for the axe, Miss Rowling admitted in a no-holds-barred interview with the star of the films, Daniel Radcliffe. Confession: JK Rowling with young stars Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint at the world premiere in London of Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows: Part 2 . The British author, who is apparently worth £530million, said she considered having Ron die 'out of sheer spite'. She said she had never originally intended to kill off one of the three main characters, and thought the fact she even considered it showed she 'wasn't in a very happy place' at that point. 'I think in my absolute heart of heart of hearts, although I did seriously consider killing Ron, I wouldn't have done it,' she told the actor in their interview on a new DVD. A fan wrote on The Leaky Cauldron fan site: 'Ron cannot die because he's Hermione's true love.' Another said: 'Well she killed off three of my favourites: Sirius, Snape and Dobby, so I suppose I should be grateful she didn't kill Ron.' Miss Rowling served up some brutal treatment for some of her best-loved characters. Hogwarts headmaster Albus Dumbledore dies in the sixth book Harry Potter . and the Half-Blood Prince and Harry's uncle Sirius Black perishes in the . fifth, The Order of the Phoenix. In danger: JK Rowling admitted she nearly killed off Ron Weasley midway through the Harry Potter series . Harry's owl, Hedwig, dies in the final novel, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. 'Funnily enough, I planned from the start that none of them would die,' said the author in the special feature on the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 DVD. The interview was leaked online ahead of the DVD's release later this year. The writer goes on to say: 'Then midway through, which I think is a reflection of the fact that I wasn't in a very happy place, I started thinking I might polish one of them off. 'Out of sheer spite: "There, now you definitely can't have him any more." 'But I think in my absolute heart of heart of hearts, although I did seriously consider killing Ron, I wouldn't have done it,' she added.
highlights: Ron Weasley was most likely victim, author admits .
id: 6b2bb86bcf74f5d2b91e824e47f958263e52555c
chatgpt: In a shocking confession, the author of the beloved Harry Potter series, J.K. Rowling, admitted that Ron Weasley was most likely the intended victim of one of the series' most memorable scenes. During a recent interview with The Daily Prophet, Rowling revealed that in the original draft of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, she had planned for Ron to be killed off in the epic Battle of Hogwarts. However, after much deliberation, she ultimately decided against it. "I had always envisioned Ron as the most likely victim during that battle," Rowling said. "But in the end, I just couldn't bring myself to do it. He had grown so much as a character and had become such a vital part of the trio that it just didn't feel right to kill him off." Fans of the series were stunned by the revelation and some have expressed mixed feelings about the author's decision not to kill off one of the central characters. "I can't imagine the series without Ron," said longtime fan, Hermione Granger. "He was such a crucial part of the story and it just wouldn't have been the same without him." Others, however, feel that Ron's death would have added an even greater level of depth and emotion to the series. "I think it would have been a bold move," said Harry Potter enthusiast, Neville Longbottom. "It would have shown that no one is truly safe in this world and even the most beloved characters can meet their end." Despite the controversy surrounding Rowling's decision, the author remains steadfast in her belief that it was the right choice for the story. "I always knew that the series would have a bittersweet ending," she said. "And in the end, I felt that killing off Ron would have just been too much for readers to handle. I wanted to leave them with a sense of hope and happiness, even in the midst of great tragedy." The revelation has sparked renewed interest in the series, with fans pouring over the books and analyzing each character's journey in a new light. For many, the news has only deepened their love for the beloved series, cementing its place in literary history. As for Ron Weasley, he remains a beloved figure amongst fans, a character whose journey and growth continue to inspire and delight readers of all ages.