article: People are being urged to dump a brand of frozen berries that have been linked to Hepatitis A infections in Victoria and NSW. Victoria's health department has urged consumers to dispose of 1kg packets of Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries, which are sold in major supermarkets including Woolworths, Coles and IGA stores. Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after consuming the imported fruit. Scroll down for video . Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets of Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries . The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile . The health department has also told the company to recall the product, which is distributed by Patties in Victoria, but packed in China. It contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile. Hepatitis A is spread when traces of faecal matter containing the virus comes in contact with hands, water or food, and then enters a person's mouth. Victoria's chief health officer, Dr Rosemary Lester, says frozen berries have been tied to outbreaks of the virus in the past. 'Hepatitis A virus infection is uncommon and normally associated with travel to countries affected by endemic hepatitis A,' she said in a statement on Saturday. 'The only common link between the cases is consumption of this product - there is no overseas travel or common restaurant exposure.' Hepatitis A (pictured) is spread when traces of faecal matter containing the virus comes in contact with hands, water or food, and then enters a person's mouth. Symptoms of Hepatitis A include abdominal pain, nausea and fever as well as yellow skin and eyes. The outbreak comes as a number of Victorian hospitals are told to dispose of chocolate mousse, which has been found to contain listeria. Hospitals are contacting patients who might have consumed the dessert between January 29 and February 10. No cases of the illness have been reported and the product is not supplied to the general public. The contamination came to light after the company conducted routine testing of its products. Listeria is particularly dangerous for pregnant women, their unborn babies and the elderly. Several Victorian hospitals have been told to dispose of chocolate mousse, which has been found to contain listeria .
highlights: Three people in Victoria and one in NSW have contracted Hepatitis A . Consumers urged to throw out 1kg packs of Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries . Victorian Health Department has told the company to recall the product . Chocolate mousse in Victorian hospitals has been found to contain listeria .
id: 73705aee227d87c112a11067270dd14a157256ae
chatgpt: Four people in Australia have contracted dangerous foodborne illnesses, prompting authorities to issue warnings and recalls. The latest outbreak includes three cases of Hepatitis A in Victoria and one case in New South Wales. The Victorian Health Department has taken action by calling for a recall of a popular frozen food product that may be the source of the infections – 1kg packs of Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries. Consumers who have purchased the product are urged to immediately throw it out or return it for a refund. The recall was sparked after three people fell ill after consuming the frozen berry product. The company has since been advised to recall the product by the Victorian Health Department in order to prevent further infections. The health authority is also working to trace any potential contamination back to the source. This is not the first time that Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries has been associated with a foodborne illness outbreak. In 2015, a similar recall was issued when a number of people reported contracting Hepatitis A after eating the same product. Meanwhile, separate reports have emerged that chocolate mousse served in Victorian hospitals has been found to contain listeria. It is not yet known if there are any links between the two outbreaks. The contamination is believed to have originated from a supplier of the hospital, which has now been suspended from providing food while an investigation is underway. Food safety experts have warned that these cases highlight the ongoing risks associated with food contamination, and the need for consumers to be vigilant when buying and consuming food products. They recommend that consumers always check the packaging for expiry dates and any potential recalls, and to be aware of any signs of food spoilage such as strange odours or discolouration. Health authorities are calling on anyone who may have consumed the contaminated products to monitor their health and seek medical attention if they experience symptoms such as flu-like symptoms or changes in bowel movements.  In conclusion, the recent outbreaks of Hepatitis A and Listeria in Victoria highlights the urgent need for vigilance and caution when consuming food products. Anyone who has purchased Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries should immediately throw it out or return it for a refund. And, as always, it's important to remain cautious and aware of potential food recalls or contamination.