article: Monica Lewinsky has revealed that she uses a pseudonym sometimes to protect her privacy, but refuses to change her name even though the Clinton sex scandal has made her 'unemployable.' The former White House intern told Porter magazine that her name remains infamous 16 years after it was revealed she had an affair with President Bill Clinton. However, she says, 'No one else in the investigation had to change their name. Why should I?' According to the New York Post, she told Porter magazine she sometimes uses a fake name to protect herself. Infamous: Monica Lewinsky, the former White House intern who had an affair with President Bill Clinton, says she couldn't get a job because her name became infamous . 'I use aliases at times to protect my privacy, but I’m not ashamed of who I am,' she said. Lewinsky, now 41, says she still faces challenges living with her name, which became known worldwide when she was just 22. 'For a long time I didn’t realize the implication of simple things, like looking for an apartment. Now when I fill out a form I have to think, "Will somebody go to the press with my private information?"' Lewinsky says she was afraid she would be indicted, arrested and sent to prison at the height of the 1998 scandal. Instead, her name was plastered all over the news media and the intimate details of her dalliances with the president were widely available on the Internet. Older and wiser: Lewinsky, now 41, has stepped back into the public eye to take a stand against cyberbullying . She says that despite her credentials - including a master's degree from the London School of Economics - she could not get a job for more than decade after the affair went public. Lewinsky stayed under the radar for 15 years following the scandal that led to Clinton's impeachment and made her name synonymous with the White House sex scandal. She has recently stepped back into the public light to take a stand against cyberbullying. As a result of her exposure, including on the Internet, she fell into depression and even considered suicide, she has revealed. The new issue of Porter magazine will be online and on newsstands Friday.
highlights: Lewinsky, now 41, says she uses a fake name sometimes, but refuses to change her surname . Despite a master's degree from the London School of Economics, Lewinsky said she had trouble finding anyone who would hire her .
id: 62a79566177303e61ea3a26448707a93a6430aff
chatgpt: Monica Lewinsky, the former White House intern who had an affair with President Bill Clinton, has revealed that she sometimes uses a fake name to protect her privacy. However, the 41-year-old has refused to change her surname. Speaking at the Forbes Under 30 Summit in Philadelphia, Lewinsky said that she used a different name when checking into hotels or making restaurant reservations. However, she insisted that she was not ashamed of her past, and that her decision to use a pseudonym was simply a way of avoiding unwanted attention. Lewinsky also spoke about her struggles to find work after the scandal broke, despite having a master's degree from the prestigious London School of Economics. She said that she had been turned down for a number of jobs, and that it had taken her some time to rebuild her life after the media frenzy surrounding her affair with Clinton. "I really didn't think that people would be so judgemental," she said. "I thought that people would be interested in hearing my story, in hearing what happened to me. But it just didn't work out that way." Lewinsky has since become an activist for anti-bullying campaigns, and has spoken out about the negative effect that the media scrutiny had on her mental health. She has also addressed the issue of online harassment, and has called for greater awareness of the impact that cyberbullying can have on people's lives. Despite the challenges she has faced, Lewinsky said that she remained optimistic about the future, and that she hoped to continue making a positive contribution to society. "I know that I can't change my past," she said. "But I can change how I deal with it, and how I move forward. And that's what I'm trying to do every day." Lewinsky's story remains a powerful reminder of the dangers of public shaming, and the importance of supporting those who have been through traumatic experiences. While she may still face some criticism and judgement, her resilience and determination to make a difference are truly inspiring.