article: Two Gonzaga University seniors are on the verge of being expelled after using a gun to defend themselves from a career criminal trying to break into their apartment. Erik Fagan and Dan McIntosh, who both live in an off-campus near the school’s Spokane, OR., campus, were accosted last month by a man demanding money while standing in the door of their apartment. Mr Fagan offered food and a blanket, but declined to give ex-con John Taylor any money, he told KHQ. Mr Taylor then tried to fight his way into the apartment but was scared off by Mr McIntosh’s hand gun. Troubled duo: Erik Fagan (left) and Dan McIntosh (right) face expulsion for using a gun to ward off an intruder . Explaining that he only opened the door because he thought it was a friend who had left only a few minutes prior, Mr Fagan told the station ‘[Mr Taylor] just asked me for money.’ ‘He just said I’m homeless, I’m looking for some money, can you help me out,’ Mr Fagan recalled. Angered by not getting any money, Mr . Taylor then tried pushing his way inside while telling the roommates he . was just out of prison, but Mr McIntosh had other plans. Scene of the crime: This is the Spokane apartment building Mr Taylor broke into . ‘He didn’t stick around to see if I was serious or not,’ said Mr McIntosh, ‘I was completely serious with that man. ‘I drew on Mr Taylor and Mr Taylor fled immediately,’ he further recalled to the station. Career criminal: John Taylor has a long rap sheet with seven prior convictions . Though the gun may have saved both men’s lives, it may have ended their academic careers at Gonzaga. ‘The university’s weapons policy forbids the possession of weapons… in both on-campus and off-campus housing,’ a spokesperson told the station. Mr Taylor had six prior convictions on his criminal record, and was arrested later that night on an unrelated charge, according to the station. But that did not stop Gonzaga’s board from going forward Friday with the process necessary to expel the two students from the school. Despite a likely expulsion being handed down as soon as this week, Mr McIntosh told the station he would do it again without hesitation. ‘My roommate’s life, my life, anybody’s life is worth an expulsion in my book,’ he said. When asked by the station how students are expected to defend themselves in the face of such a restriction, the school claimed campus security ‘is all over campus.’
highlights: Erik Fagan and Dan McIntosh, both seniors, were forced to defend themselves from an ex-con trying to break into their apartment . Mr McIntosh scared him off with a gun, but drew the ire of school administrators . The duo will find out their fate as early as this week .
id: b5b1aaea72b8f7ae32ac05c09f220908d634e503
chatgpt: Two seniors from Kent State University were involved in a terrifying incident last week involving an ex-convict trying to break into their off-campus apartment. The two students, Erik Fagan and Dan McIntosh, were forced to defend themselves as the intruder tried to break their door open. Luckily, Mr. McIntosh had a gun and was able to scare off the intruder and call the police. However, their use of a firearm has now caused them trouble with the school's administrators. According to reports, the duo has drawn the ire of school officials who are not pleased with their actions. The school’s code of conduct prohibits students from possessing firearms on university property, including off-campus apartments owned by the university. As such, the students might be facing disciplinary action over the use of the weapon. The incident has sparked a debate amongst students and the faculty members about the use of weapons on campus and off campus university housing. This is not the first incident of its kind in the school. Last year, two students were robbed close to campus, also leading to a discussion about campus security and the need for tighter gun control. Both Mr. Fagan and Mr. McIntosh have stated that they had no choice but to defend themselves. “We felt threatened and didn’t have any other option,” stated Erik Fagan. The students argue that the university's policies prevent them from defending themselves from intruders and that the university needs to prioritize their safety. The university has not released any official statement, but sources indicate that the duo will find out their fate as early as this week. The school's administration is reportedly weighing the options and may ultimately decide on taking disciplinary action. Meanwhile, some students and local residents have come to the defense of the duo. They argue that the school should reconsider its gun policy and allow students to carry firearms in self-defense, especially for students living off-campus, where security is not always guaranteed. The incident has reignited the debate on gun control and campus security in America. Some argue for stricter gun control laws, while others argue that guns are necessary for self-defense. For now, the fate of Mr. Fagan and Mr. McIntosh remain uncertain as the school’s administration weighs the consequences of violating the university's code of conduct.