article: (CNN) -- A Massachusetts teen accused of raping a fellow student at a summer sports camp pleaded not guilty Tuesday. Galileo Mondol, 17, is one of three high school junior varsity soccer players who authorities allege entered a cabin occupied by freshman students and assaulted three victims at a camp in western Massachusetts. At Tuesday's hearing, prosecutors said the three went into the freshman cabin searching for victims, using a broomstick to assault them. Attorney William Korman told CNN that Mondol was an innocent bystander and actually tried to stop the other students from getting involved. Mondol is being tried as an adult and faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child under 16, indecent assault and battery on a person who has turned 14, assault and battery and intimidation of a witness. On Tuesday, he should have been heading to school for the first day of classes. "I imagine he planned on getting dressed for his first day of school, and instead he had to get arraigned on felony charges," Korman said. "He's very mature for his age. He understands the severity of the charges, but he's also confident because he knows he didn't do anything. He knows he will be exonerated." Mondol is being held without bail pending a "dangerousness" hearing Friday, Korman said. If Mondol is found to be dangerous, the judge can continue to hold him without bail for 90 days. If the judge finds him not dangerous, his bail will be set at $100,000. Two other JV soccer players, both 16, face similar allegations, prosecutors said in a statement. It was unclear Tuesday whether they had been arraigned or entered pleas in response to the charges. Frederick Lantz, a spokesman with the Berkshire District Attorney's office, said he could not reveal details about their cases because they were minors. The assaults occurred last month at Camp Lenox near Otis, a town in western Massachusetts, according to the Berkshire District Attorney's Office. The city of Somerville, just northwest of Boston, rented the facility for team-building activities for its fall sports teams. A criminal investigation began after the allegations were reported to members of the Somerville High School athletic department. "We are disturbed and appalled that these crimes may have taken place," Somerville's mayor and schools superintendent said in a joint statement, "and our thoughts and concerns are with the victims and their families." CNN's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report.
highlights: Galileo Mondol faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child . Mondol pleads not guilty at arraignment . Defense attorney: "He knows he will be exonerated" Three JV soccer players from suburban Boston were arrested last week .
id: 66e323da0d199d639af814d2b0b4289d827a744b
chatgpt: Galileo Mondol, a JV soccer player from suburban Boston, pleaded not guilty at his arraignment after being charged with multiple counts of rape, including aggravated rape of a child. He was one of three JV soccer players who were arrested last week. According to court documents, Mondol is accused of raping a 14-year-old girl on several occasions. The victim reportedly told police that Mondol had forced himself on her and that she had repeatedly told him to stop. Mondol has denied the allegations through his defense attorney. At the arraignment, Mondol's attorney stated that his client was innocent and that he had no doubt he would be exonerated. He argued that the case against Mondol was weak and that the evidence was insufficient to prove his guilt. The defense attorney also noted that Mondol had no prior criminal record and that he had been an upstanding member of the community. Prosecutors, however, argued that the evidence against Mondol was strong and that there was probable cause to believe that he had committed the crimes he was charged with. They also noted that the victim had identified Mondol as her attacker and that she had provided detailed accounts of the assaults. Mondol's case has sent shockwaves throughout the community, with many residents expressing concern about the safety of their children. Some parents have called for increased security measures at school events, while others have criticized the school district for failing to take action against the accused players sooner. At a recent school board meeting, administrators addressed these concerns and outlined steps they were taking to ensure student safety. They stated that they were working closely with law enforcement to investigate the allegations and that they were reviewing their policies and procedures to identify any areas where improvements could be made. The case against Mondol is ongoing, and the court has set a preliminary hearing for later this month. If convicted, he could face a lengthy prison sentence and lifetime registration as a sex offender.