article: London (CNN) -- Steven Spielberg's political drama "Lincoln" on Wednesday led the field with 10 Bafta nominations, along with Tom Hooper's film version of the long-running stage musical "Les Miserables" and Ang Lee's "Life of Pi," which both have nine nods. The three are in the running for best film in the British movie awards, along with "Argo," (seven nominations) a thriller set during the Iran hostage crisis, and "Zero Dark Thirty," (five nods) directed by Katheryn Bigelow -- the only woman to win a best director Oscar -- about the hunt for Osama bin Laden. Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as the U.S. president who led his country during the civil war and worked to end slavery. Read how 'Lincoln' distorts history . Day-Lewis is up against "Argo" star Ben Affleck, "Les Miserables" co-star Hugh Jackman, Bradley Cooper for "Silver Linings Playbook" and Joaquin Phoenix for "The Master." Oscar winner Helen Mirren is recognized in the best actress category for her role in "Hitchcock," playing the wife of the British suspense filmmaker. Mirren is joined by "Amour" star Emmanuelle Riva, Jennifer Lawrence for "Silver Linings Playbook," "Rust and Bone" star Marion Cotillard and Jessica Chastain for "Zero Dark Thirty." Quentin Tarantino is nominated for best director and original screenplay for his slavery action-drama "Django Unchained." Affleck is also recognized for directing "Argo," along with Bigelow, Lee and "Amour" director Michael Haneke. Read why 'Django Unchained' stirs race debate . Javier Bardem was nominated as best supporting actor for his role as the villain in the latest and most commercially successful James Bond movie, "Skyfall," but that film was overlooked in the best film category. Bardem was among eight "Skyfall" nominations that also included best supporting actress for Judi Dench, who plays spy boss M, and best British movie. The BAFTA awards ceremony will take place on February 10 at the Royal Opera House in London. The nominations are viewed as one of the indicators for success in the Oscars, which will be announced Thursday. Golden Globe winners will be announced on Sunday.
highlights: Steven Spielberg's political drama "Lincoln" leads Bafta nominations . Tom Hooper's "Les Miserables" and Ang Lee's "Life of Pi" also in contention . Daniel Day-Lewis is nominated for best actor for his role as U.S. president . Helen Mirren is recognized in best actress category for role in "Hitchcock"
id: 50f650e781e77669a42d175ea2e0056c91bbcd44
chatgpt: Steven Spielberg's historical drama "Lincoln" has taken the lead for the upcoming British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) nominations with a total of 10 nominations. The film, which portrays the final months of Abraham Lincoln's presidency as he fought for the abolition of slavery, has already received critical acclaim in the United States, earning a number of Critics' Choice Awards and Golden Globe nominations. Other contenders for the top awards include Tom Hooper's rendition of the classic musical "Les Miserables" and Ang Lee's visually stunning "Life of Pi". Both films have also won critical acclaim and have gained a significant following since their release. "Les Miserables" is up for a total of nine BAFTA awards, while "Life of Pi" is in contention for a total of seven. Daniel Day-Lewis has been nominated for Best Actor for his role as Abraham Lincoln in "Lincoln". The British actor has already won a number of awards for his portrayal of the legendary historical figure, including the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actor and a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Drama. Should Day-Lewis take home the BAFTA for Best Actor, he would be the first actor to win three Best Actor Academy Awards. Helen Mirren has been recognized in the Best Actress category for her role in "Hitchcock". The veteran British actress plays Alma Reville, the wife of renowned director Alfred Hitchcock, in the film which chronicles the making of the classic horror movie "Psycho". Mirren is up against stiff competition in the category, including Jennifer Lawrence for "Silver Linings Playbook" and Emmanuelle Riva for "Amour". The BAFTA nominations have been praised for their diversity and inclusion, with a number of lesser known films and actors gaining recognition. The category for Outstanding British Film, for example, contains a range of titles, including "Sightseers", "Berberian Sound Studio", and "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel". The winners of this year's BAFTA awards will be announced on February 10th, with the ceremony being held at the Royal Opera House in London. With competition this tough, it's sure to be a night to remember.