article: Controversial independent senator Jacqui Lambie has interrupted Senate tributes for fallen cricketer Phillip Hughes, in a bid to force a rushed debate on her private bill to raise Defence pay. In an attempt to hijack the government's agenda in the final days of the parliamentary year, Senator Lambie cut short a move to honour the young cricketer who died last week. Under fire for her contentious move Senator Jacqui Lambie has offered an apology to the family and friends of Phillip Hughes. Scroll down for video . Senator Jacqui Lambie's sense of timing has been called into question after bringing Senate tributes to fallen cricketer Phillip Hughes to a halt to introduce a debate on defence pay . Phillip Hughes will be farewelled at a funeral to be held at his old high school in Macksville . She stated: 'Like the President of the Senate, I thought that Phillip Hughes’ condolence motion was finalised, so I proceeded with my attempt to suspend standing orders, so that I could debate my Legislation, which would have guaranteed that members of our ADF receive a pay rise.' The controversy coincided with Philip Hughes' funeral in his home town of Macksville on the NSW mid-north coast. After a few moments of confusion, the Senate agreed to finalise its tributes to Hughes with a minute's silence. Senator Lambie then moved to suspend all other business so that senators could debate her bill. The move was supported by Labor but was defeated 34-33. Senator Lambie's bill links ADF pay to that of politicians or CPI, whichever is greater. Controversy has followed Senator Jacqui Lambie in Canberra on Wednesday after she curtailed tributes to fallen cricketer Phillip Hughes to ignite a debate on defence pay . It follows her pledge to vote against all government legislation until the government reconsiders the 1.5 per cent defence pay increased. The government greeted Senator Lambie's move with hostility, initially denying her the right to speak. 'I'm asking you to give me a fair go and show me some courtesy,' she bellowed at government Senate leader Eric Abetz. 'This isn't about me, this is about the men and women who wear the uniform.' In her statement Ms Lambie added: 'It was the first time that I moved a suspension of standing orders - and it appears that some want to use the slight confusion created over the transition from one Senate procedure to another, against me. 'I apologise to Phillip Hughes’ family and friends if my misunderstanding over Senate procedure has offended them. This must be a very difficult and sad day for them. The speeches given in the Senate for Phillip were magnificent and inspirational.' Jacqui Lambie described Labor Senator John Faulkner's speech as particularly moving, speaking with 'eloquence, passion and compassion'.
highlights: Outrage at Jacqui Lambie's tactics to stop tributes to Phillip Hughes in the Senate to turn attention to a debate on defence pay . Her move caused confusion in the Senate . The Government initially refused her permission to speak . Phillip Hughes farewelled at a funeral in home town of Macksville on Wednesday . Lambie released a statement apologising for any 'confusion' she created .
id: b00941dda42fa1eb75380be72dff4adcfe6ce6a5
chatgpt: Jacqui Lambie, the Senator from Tasmania, has sparked outrage among many Australians by using tactics to stop tributes to the late cricketer Phillip Hughes in the Senate on Wednesday. Instead, she turned the debate to the issue of Defence pay, causing confusion in the Senate as well as criticism from much of the nation. Lambie’s move to use a condolence motion for Phillip Hughes to further her own agenda regarding defence pay was met with much criticism on social media, with many expressing their disgust at her behaviour. Some even accused her of using the tribute to the late cricketer as a political pawn. Initially, the Government refused Lambie permission to speak on this unrelated matter, but she persisted with her statement, and was eventually granted permission to do so. This only further angered many Australians, who felt that Lambie should have respected the solemn occasion and honours paid to Phillip Hughes. Phillip Hughes, a talented cricketer from the small town of Macksville, had died last week after being struck on the head while playing cricket. His passing had resulted in an outpouring of grief and tributes both in and outside of the cricketing world.  On Wednesday, Phillip Hughes was laid to rest in his hometown of Macksville. It was a grief-stricken day for many, as thousands gathered to remember the young cricketer and his contributions to the nation. Lambie also released a statement, apologising for any confusion that she had created. However, this apology was met with much criticism, with many Australians feeling that her behaviour was beyond apology, and that she had disrespected not only the tribute to Phillip Hughes, but also the Senate and their workings.   The Australian Defence Forces have been raising issues regarding pay and entitlements for some time now. Lambie, a former soldier herself, has been a vocal advocate for the rights of Defence personnel. However, many feel that using the funeral of Phillip Hughes to draw attention to this issue was deeply inappropriate, especially given the outpouring of national grief at this time. In recent times, Jacqui Lambie has made a name for herself for her vocal and often controversial stances on various issues. Whether her actions in the Senate on Wednesday will have lasting implications on her career as a politician remain to be seen. However, for now, many Australians continue to express their outrage at her actions, with some openly suggesting that she should consider her position as an elected representative of the people. In conclusion, the Senate and the nation have shown their respect and love for the late Phillip Hughes by paying tributes and bringing his services to an emotional and dignified ending. However, Lambie’s behaviour in Parliament at this time has caused anger and disappointment among many, and it remains to be seen what further repercussions will arise from her actions.