article: By . Leon Watson . Artisan baker Paul Hollywood has shown his half-baked business sense after it was revealed his bread company has racked up debts . Great British Bake Off star Paul Hollywood's dough has been failing to rise, figures have revealed. The artisan baker and TV chef's bread company is in liquidation and has racked up debts of just under £60,000, according to the latest accounts. The figures filed at Companies House were for The Paul Hollywood Artisan Bread LLP, which he set up in Kent in June 2007. The Daily Telegraph reported today that £28,616 is owed to Hollywood himself. Hollywood, 47, announced he would be closing his speciality bread business last year after his television commitments left him unable to continue. 'It's a huge headache and massive problem because I wasn't there enough,' he said previously. Hollywood set up the firm after being inspired by the baking techniques he discovered on his travels to Cyprus, Egypt and Jordan. In 2008, Harrods started stocking the firm's Roquefort and almond sourdough which, at £15 per loaf, was the most expensive in the country at the time. The company has struggled in the past going £11,793 into the red for the year to June 30, 2012. It is not the first time Mr Hollywood has had to close down a company. In 2003, he liquidated his company Hollywood Bread. Liquidators were appointed in April 2003 and the company had debts of £262,000 when it was dissolved in December 2005. One of the companies his firm owed money to was Bradleys bakers, of Ashford in Kent, which had to write off £2,400. Managing director Graham Linkins said last July: 'In all the coverage I've seen about Paul Hollywood, I've never read that ten years ago he had a business that went bust. Hollywood presents the Great British Bake Off with Mary Berry (pictured). His creditors said they couldn't believe it when they saw the man who owed them money, on TV . 'About three years ago, I walked into my front room and saw him on the TV and said, "That b*****d owes me money".' Liverpool-born Hollywood's other firm, Paul Hollywood Limited, however is rising steadily. The latest accounts for the company show that it had a healthy £409,730 sitting on its books. MailOnline has made efforts to contact Mr Hollywood's agent.
highlights: The artisan baker and TV chef's bread company is in liquidation . Latest accounts show it has racked up debts of just under £60,000 . It is believed £28,616 is owed by the firm to Hollywood himself . Hollywood's first bread company went bust in 2005 . His other firm, Paul Hollywood Limited, however is rising steadily .
id: 6c39cd322b1e3434918c73bb3fdfcdee3405d056
chatgpt: Celebrity chef Paul Hollywood has been dealt another blow as his artisan bread company has been declared bankrupt. The company, which boasts handmade sourdough loaves and a range of baked goods, has racked up debts of just under £60,000, according to the latest accounts. It is believed that £28,616 of the debt is owed by the company to Hollywood himself. The TV personality, who rose to fame as a judge on "The Great British Bake Off," started the company in 2016, but it has failed to turn a profit. This is not the first time Hollywood has faced financial difficulties in his career as a baker. His first bread company went bust back in 2005, leaving him with significant debts. Despite the setback, Hollywood's other company, Paul Hollywood Limited, appears to be on the rise. The firm, which is involved in the baking supplies market, has been steadily growing in recent years. The news of Hollywood's latest bankruptcy comes as a surprise to many, as the TV personality has remained a popular figure in the industry. He has continued to make appearances on different TV shows and has maintained a loyal following on social media. Hollywood has yet to comment on the latest developments regarding his bread company. Instead, he has been promoting his new book, "Paul Hollywood: A Baker's Life," which was released last year. Industry experts suggest that the baking industry is becoming more competitive than ever, with many independent bakeries struggling to keep up with the rise of supermarkets and chains like Greggs. This, combined with the challenges of running a business during the COVID-19 pandemic, has contributed to the downfall of Hollywood's artisan bread company. Despite the disappointment of his latest venture, Hollywood remains optimistic about the future of his career in the baking industry. Fans will be eagerly awaiting news regarding his next move, and many will undoubtedly hope to see him succeed in his passion for bread-making once again.