article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 12:05 EST, 18 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:32 EST, 19 February 2013 . If you were hoping for a little winter sunshine during this week’s half-term break, the prospects are not looking good. From tomorrow, Britain will again be blighted by biting winds and frost, with an increasing chance of snow as icy gusts blow in from Scandinavia. After the glorious weekend weather continued into yesterday, when much of the country was in sunshine, the mercury will plunge back towards freezing. The half-term began as a blustery day for children in Cobb at Lyme Regis in Dorset, as the sea whipped up large waves . Children enjoy the brief warm weather and sunshine at the Mirror pool in Bradford, West Yorkshire . Aliecia Bage, eight, and Harvey Fawcett, four, collect crocuses growing near Kirkstall Abbey in Leeds, West Yorkshire . By Thursday, temperature highs will . fall significantly below average to just 4C (39F), and will stay there . throughout the weekend. Night time temperatures will fall as low as -4C . (25F). Forecasters say that parts of the east coast will be hit by snow  flurries that will blow in over the North Sea. John Lee, of MeteoGroup, said: . ‘There’s only a risk of wintery flurries along the eastern side of . England, where it will be windy and the temperature will be low.’ But by the end of the week coats and hats will be a necessity, as large swathes of the country will be hit by near-freezing temperatures. Shorts in February! One child rolled up her trousers to lark about in the Mirror pool in Bradford, West Yorkshire . Spray blows back on waves as they roll inland in Rhossili Bay, South Wales, today . Wednesday is expected to see a turn in the weather. Temperatures will drop to freezing, or just below, as winter continues to firmly hold on. The average UK temperature will struggle to get above two or three degrees during the day from Wednesday, and night temperatures will hover around the freezing mark. From Wednesday to Friday the country is expected to see mostly dry, but rather cloudy, conditions. Change in the air: The three-day weather forecast shows Spring sunshine is set to give way to colder, overcast conditions . It will feel increasingly cold, and become quite windy in the south. The western parts of the UK will see the best of any bright weather. However, the forecaster predicted it won't all be sparkling winter sunshine. There is a weather warning for fog that is expected to descend upon the south west, London and parts of the east of England tomorrow, but that will clear. And by the end of the week, there is a small chance of some light snow flurries across the east and north east of England, but the Met Office says they are expected to pose very little risk.
highlights: Weather will be bright and clear across large parts of the UK . But temperatures will drop from Wednesday . Slight chance of light snow flurries in east of England by end of the week .
id: 9b2cbd55ad337161a5be14b9a669eb6312c22bc0
chatgpt: Weather forecasters are predicting weather to be bright and clear for large parts of UK, but brace yourself as temperatures are expected to take a dip from Wednesday. Although it may be sweater weather for the latter half of the week, a slight chance of snow flurries is expected in the east of England. The Met Office has stated that the whole UK will have clear skies with sunshine as we reach midweek, however, temperatures in some places could still be 3 degrees Celsius colder than the recent balmy conditions. The cooler temperatures will likely persist throughout the rest of the week, with areas in northern England even experiencing subzero temperatures during nights. Not to worry though, as the colder air masses dissipate, the south and southwest parts of the UK can expect temperatures to perk up a little bit by the time we reach the weekend. Unfortunately, it may come at a cost as there is still a slim chance of light snow flurries in the eastern parts of England. The possibility of snowflakes returning might come as a surprise to many after the UK experienced a few weeks of warm weather. However, it’s worth keeping in mind that at this time of year, there is always a chance of snowfall. Wales and western England are predicted to have dry and sunny weather right into next week. On the other hand, Scotland can expect changeable weather, with periods of rain and a chance of snow on higher grounds, especially during mornings. As we all cautiously begin to venture out after the easing of the UK lockdown, it’s important to keep an eye on the weather forecast. With the sun shining, it’s easy to think that summer is here, but a sudden cold snap and snow flurries can catch you off guard. With social distancing measures still in place, many people are planning outdoor activities such as picnics and hikes, but it’s important to pack accordingly, especially if planning to stay out for a significant amount of time. Dressing in layers with warm clothes, while carrying extra blankets, hot beverages and snacks, can make all the difference in ensuring a comfortable and enjoyable experience. In addition to the weather warning, the Met Office also issued an amber pollution alert for the majority of England. With many people stepping out to enjoy the sunshine, it’s important to remember that high levels of pollution can have serious health implications, especially for those who have respiratory ailments. Overall, the UK’s weather is never one to be underestimated, and it’s always essential to be prepared no matter the weather. Although it may be time to swap out those shorts and t-shirts for more appropriate autumnal outfits, with a clear sky and sunshine in the forecast, there’s no excuse not to get out there and enjoy the great outdoors.