article: By . Neil Ashton . Follow @@neilashton_ . When the English obsession with Andrea Pirlo turns to the ‘panenka’ penalty he scored against Joe Hart at Euro 2012, England’s keeper can’t remember a thing. Perhaps it is better that way. It was in Kiev, with England leading 2-1 in the shoot-out at the Donbass Arena, when Hart raised his arms and stuck his tongue out at the Italian as he took aim from 12 yards. Hart guessed to his right and the great Italian clipped his penalty down the centre of the goal. Soon enough, England were heading home. ‘I’ll never regret how it was, I saw it as the best way for us to win the shoot-out,’ said Hart. Cheeky: Andrea Pirlo executes a clever chipped 'panenka' penalty over Joe Hart at Euro 2012 . Life through a lens: Hart leads his team-mates as England arrive at their hotal in Manaus before re-facing Italy . ‘I don’t think there was personal vengeance from him and there certainly wasn’t any from me. He did what he thought he needed to do for his country and I did what I thought was best for mine. 'I couldn’t even tell you what I did. But it felt right at the time. It obviously wasn’t.’ Now a two-time Premier League winner with Manchester City, these are good times for Hart, 27, and he has come to appreciate the demands of playing at the highest level. ‘I want to do well for this team and this nation,’ he added. ‘A lot of time and effort has gone into it and the more you’re involved the more you realise that it is more than football. It means an awful lot to a lot of people. Through his paces: Hart trains at the Urca military base in preparation for the ultimate test against Italy . 'A lot of money has been invested and a lot of time and care, from me personally, has gone into this. I want to make it all worthwhile.’ At the last World Cup, in South Africa, Hart became increasingly irritated with the Italian coaching staff who appeared to be calling him ‘John’. Fabio Capello was the main culprit and Hart admitted: ‘I did take offence about that, but I’ve calmed down. Since then I’ve been called “John” by a lot of Italians who know me — I think it’s just how they talk. It was just a mispronunciation.’ Loggerheads: Hart (second left) admits frustration over his relationship with ex-boss Fabio Capello (left) A goalkeeper’s life is a fragile one and there have been times this season when City’s keeper has been under fire. But he finished the campaign well, and added: ‘It means a lot to have your club and country behind you. ‘I’ve got to keep working hard because potentially I could go through another bad patch again.’
highlights: Joe Hart has no regrets over the Euro 2012 penalty shoot-out . England keeper wants to make all the World Cup preparation worthwhile . Hart became irritated at Fabio Capello's staff calling him 'John'
id: bed6132adb17e9903403ee6515222114afac4d87
chatgpt: Joe Hart, the England goalkeeper, has said that he has no regrets over the penalty shoot-out against Italy in Euro 2012. Speaking ahead of the World Cup in Russia, Hart said that although it was a difficult and disappointing moment, he remains focused on making all the World Cup preparation worthwhile. Hart was a key player in England's Euro 2012 campaign, where they made it to the quarter-final stages before bowing out to Italy on penalties. The Manchester City goalkeeper was one of the heroes of the campaign, making a string of important saves to help his team secure wins against France and Ukraine. Speaking to reporters, Hart said that although the penalty shoot-out was a tough moment, he doesn't regret anything about the experience. "It was a difficult moment, but I don't regret anything about it," he said. "We gave our all in that tournament and came up just short in the end. But that's the nature of football, and we have to learn from that experience and move on." Hart was also asked about his recent experience with Fabio Capello's staff, who reportedly called him 'John' during the former England manager's tenure. The goalkeeper said he was irritated by the incident, but has since moved on and remains fully focused on the World Cup. "I was definitely irritated by it at the time, but it's water under the bridge now," Hart said. "I've moved on from that and am just fully focused on the World Cup. It's a massive tournament for us and we want to do everything we can to succeed." England will be making their 15th appearance at the World Cup this summer, with Gareth Southgate's side aiming to make a real impact in Russia. Hart is expected to be one of the key players for England, with his experience and leadership expected to be crucial in the tournament. The goalkeeper said that he is fully aware of the importance of the World Cup and is determined to make the most of the opportunity. "The World Cup is the biggest tournament in football, and we want to do everything we can to succeed," he said. "I'm fully focused on the task at hand and am determined to make the most of this opportunity." Hart will be hoping to help England secure their second World Cup, with the Three Lions having won the tournament in 1966. The Manchester City goalkeeper has already enjoyed a successful international career, making over 70 appearances for England, and will be looking to add to his tally in Russia.