article: (CNN) -- Chastity Bono, gay-rights activist and child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono, is in the early stages of transitioning from a female to a male and will be known as Chaz, his spokesman said Thursday. Activist Chastity Bono is transitioning from female to male and will be known as Chaz. "Chaz, after many years of consideration, has made the courageous decision to honor his true identity," Howard Bragman said in a written statement. "He is proud of his decision and grateful for the support and respect that has already been shown by his loved ones. It is Chaz's hope that his choice to transition will open the hearts and minds of the public regarding this issue, just as his 'coming out' did nearly 20 years ago." Someone's decision to transition does not necessarily mean they are undergoing gender reassignment surgery, and in many cases they do not, said Mara Keisling, executive director of the Washington-based National Center for Transgender Equality. "The whole media fixation on surgery is kind of misplaced," she said. "Almost no transgender people ever have surgery. We don't have any idea how many do." iReport.com: Do you have a transgender story? An estimated one-quarter to one-half percent of the American population is transsexual, however, Keisling said. "It's sort of a general term that encompasses both or either a social transition or a medical transition." Keisling said she was unaware of the specifics in Bono's case, but speaking generally, a transition means that he will now want to be "known, seen, viewed" as a male. "The actual details depend on his needs and wants and his doctor's needs and wants," she said. Bragman asked that the media "respect Chaz's privacy during this long process, as he will not be doing any interviews at this time." Now 40, Bono as a little girl made regular appearances on her parents' show, "The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour." As an adult, he has been a longtime gay-rights advocate and been closely associated with the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation.  See more photos from Chastity Bono's life » . Bono's father, Sonny Bono, was a U.S. representative from California when he was killed in a skiing accident in January 1998.
highlights: Chastity Bono transitioning to male, will be known as Chaz . Bono is longtime gay-rights activist . "Transitioning" is either social or medical transition, how person wants to be viewed .
id: 5f73a2930245edaff1faa363b011355f3c7264b8
chatgpt: Chastity Bono, a longtime gay-rights activist, is transitioning from female to male and will now be known as Chaz. The announcement was made on Thursday by a representative for Bono, who stated that the transition process would involve both social and medical components, with the end goal being for Bono to be viewed as a male. Bono, the child of famous entertainers Sonny and Cher, has long been an advocate for LGBTQ rights and has been open about her own struggles with gender identity. In a statement, Bono explained that his decision to transition was a long time in the making and was not taken lightly. "For many years, I have felt like I have been living in the wrong body," Bono said. "I've struggled with this for a long time and finally feel ready to take the steps necessary to become my true self." The process of transitioning from female to male can involve a variety of medical and social interventions, depending on the individual's needs and preferences. These may include hormone therapy, surgery, and changes to personal appearance and mannerisms. Bono's decision to transition has been met with widespread support from the LGBTQ community, with many praising her courage and willingness to be open about her journey. "Chaz's decision to live authentically is a powerful message to anyone struggling with gender identity," said Sarah Kate Ellis, CEO of LGBTQ advocacy group GLAAD. "We applaud his courage and stand with him in solidarity." Bono has long been a visible and active voice in the LGBTQ community, having served as a spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign, GLAAD, and the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center. Her decision to transition to male is sure to bring even more attention to issues of gender identity and the struggles faced by many transgender individuals. "I hope that by sharing my story, I can help others who may be going through similar experiences," Bono said. "I am excited for the next chapter in my life and look forward to being able to live authentically as a male." As Bono begins the process of transitioning, it is clear that he will continue to be a powerful and influential voice in the struggle for LGBTQ rights and acceptance. With his unwavering commitment to living authentically and being true to himself, he is sure to inspire countless others to do the same.