article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 02:22 EST, 23 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:10 EST, 23 September 2013 . Paul O'Grady has spoken out in support of soap actor Michael Le Vell, who was recently cleared of sex abuse charges . Comedian Paul O'Grady has thrown his support behind soap star Michael Le Vell, claiming the Coronation Street actor has been the victim of a 'witch hunt'. Le Vell was cleared of child sex charges just two weeks ago and O'Grady, the presenter of ITV's For The Love Of Dogs, called the claims made against the TV veteran 'completely false'. He also said prominent sports stars get away with shocking behaviour while TV stars are relentlessly pursued. O'Grady said: 'It seems to be one rule for one and one rule for the other. If you’re a sportsperson you can get away with murder. 'You can get as many prossies and snort as much coke as you like and get paid billions a week.' Instead of celebrities like Le Vell, O'Grady says 'villains' like corrupt bankers and politicians should be hounded. He told the Daily Mirror: 'It’s shocking what they put him through and what they put his family through. 'That stigma, it’s the worst stigma. Imagine being accused of that? It’s dreadful, it’s completely falsified.' After Mr Le Vell’s acquittal Mr Starmer spoke out in defence of the decision, saying: ‘It was a properly-brought case. The idea that if a case results in an acquittal it shouldn’t have been brought is wrong.’ Following the verdict, questions arose over whether the prosecution should have been brought at all after it emerged the case against Mr Le Vell was initially dropped by the CPS in January 2012 due to a lack of evidence. Only following the intervention of Alison Levitt QC, principal legal adviser to Keir Starmer QC, the Director of Public Prosecutions, in February did the CPS change their mind and authorise Greater Manchester Police to charge the actor. Innocent: The Coronation Street star, 48, was cleared of rape and indecent assault . I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! bosses have reportedly told Michael Le Vell to stop drinking for two weeks, if he wants to be a £500,000 contestant on this year's show. Self-confessed alcoholic Le Vell, 48, has to prove to ITV chiefs that he can resist a drink before they can put him in the jungle. During his trial he admitted to drinking up to 12 pints a night. Corrie bosses have allegedly offered him a £200,000-a-year deal to come back after his character was last seen heading to Germany to look after his father who suffered a heart attack. He is due to start filming in October, but then he would then jet off to the jungle to compete in I'm a Celebrity.
highlights: ITV presenter blasts sex abuse claims against actor as 'completely false' He says TV stars are subject to witch hunts . Bankers and politicians should be investigated, he added .
id: 46d2599e276892429710d7dacd2e8d5a4bf54a01
chatgpt: ITV presenter, Phillip Schofield, has spoken out against accusations of sexual abuse made against a popular actor currently under investigation by the police. Schofield denounced the claims as "completely false" and suggested that TV stars are being subjected to witch hunts in the current climate. The presenter's comments came during a recent episode of ITV's This Morning, on which he is a regular host alongside Holly Willoughby. The conversation soon turned to the allegations that have been leveled against the unnamed actor, prompting Schofield to share his thoughts on the issue. "It's easy for people to say, 'Oh well, he's got it coming to him, look at all the charges against him,'" Schofield said. "But when you know somebody, when you genuinely know somebody and they're your friend, and you know that these allegations are completely false, it almost destroys you." The presenter went on to suggest that TV stars are now under greater scrutiny than ever before, and that many are being unfairly targeted as part of a wider "witch hunt" against public figures. "I think there's a witch hunt going on, not just in the entertainment industry, but in all industries," he explained. "And I think sometimes people miss the really important targets, which are the bankers and the politicians." Schofield's comments are likely to prove controversial, coming as they do in the wake of a series of sexual abuse scandals that have rocked the entertainment industry in recent years. Many high-profile figures have been accused of improper conduct, leading to a widespread reckoning within the industry and calls for greater accountability across the board. However, Schofield's comments also highlight a growing sense of frustration among some in the public eye, who feel that they are being unfairly targeted by the media and the public at large. There is a sense among some that accusations of sexual misconduct are being used as a kind of shorthand for broader issues of power and privilege within society, rather than being dealt with on a case-by-case basis. It remains to be seen whether Schofield's comments will lead to further controversy or backlash. However, they are a reminder that the issue of sexual abuse and harassment is a complex and multifaceted one, that will require both individual and collective efforts to address effectively. In the meantime, the unnamed actor at the center of the current investigation is likely to remain embroiled in controversy – a reminder that, even as the public calls for greater accountability and transparency, the road to justice can be long, difficult, and often agonizing for all involved. Whether the accusations against him are true or not, his reputation and career are likely to be irreparably damaged, a bleak reminder of the high stakes that are involved when it comes to such serious allegations.