article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 08:48 EST, 20 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:24 EST, 20 September 2013 . Row: Newham mayor Sir Robin Wales has been accused of trying to 'suppress diversity' in the London borough . A Labour mayor is under fire after banning foreign newspapers from libraries and cutting translation services to encourage immigrants to speak English. Sir Robin Wales claimed he was trying to prevent ‘apartheid’ in the London borough of Newham. He has invested public money in English lessons and refused to fund events which are only aimed at one section of the community. The Tories accused Sir Robin of trying to suppress diversity in one of the country’s most diverse areas. Critics also claim the cuts are designed to attract more white working class people into the area. Around 139,000 of Newham’s residents were born in England, while 130,000 were born outside of the European Union. Sir Robin told the BBC Asian Network programme: ‘I’m very strongly of the view that if you try and segregate people into different groups and try to keep them separate, that’s not only bad for everybody [else], it’s bad for the particular community you do it to. ‘Apartheid was wrong in South Africa, it would be wrong here.’ He went on: ‘Far from suppressing diversity, we respect and champion it. We are the most ethnically diverse borough in Europe and the evidence proves our approach of bringing our residents together is the right one. ‘Almost 90 per cent of our residents say this is a place where people from different backgrounds get on well together. We bring people together in a large number of ways including a range of annual free community events - attended by almost 100,000 this year. ‘It is absurd of anyone to say I dislike Newham. I love the borough, I have lived here for 35 years and I am proud to call it my home. We are building on everything that is great about Newham to make it a better place for everyone who lives, works and visits here.’ The council has begun giving £250 grants to street parties involving all but declining to support ‘single community’ events. In the last year it has also rejected an application for a 'super mosque' in the borough. Controversy: Newham council rejected plans for a so-called mega mosque in the borough . Andrew Boff, Leader of the Conservative group on the Greater London Assembly, said: ‘I don’t think [Sir Robin] actually likes Newham. I think he wants to change it to some other borough. I think he’s a bit ashamed. ‘Integration is either respecting diversity or trying to suppress it and I think there’s more suppressing going on. ‘What’s happening in Newham is a big backwards step.’
highlights: Labour's Sir Robin Wales ordered cuts to language services to increase English speaking . Funding for 'single community' events cut to encourage people to mix . Tories accuse hik of trying to 'suppresses' diversity in the borough .
id: d4845247c7bb40a12ff80a3552b6250939aa5253
chatgpt: In a move that has sparked outrage and criticism from opposition parties and community groups, Labour's Sir Robin Wales has ordered cuts to language services in the borough of Newham. The justification given by the council leader is that the cuts are necessary to increase the number of English speakers in the area. The cuts will affect translation and interpreting services in areas such as social services, education and housing, among others. Prior to the cuts, these services were available in a range of languages, including Bengali, Urdu and Somali, among others. However, under the new measures, such services will only be available in English. The decision to cut language services has been met with widespread condemnation, with many accusing Sir Robin Wales of ignoring the needs of a diverse community. The Conservative Party has accused him of trying to suppress diversity in the borough. Local community groups have also expressed concern about the impact the cuts will have on vulnerable members of the community, such as elderly residents who are not fluent in English. In addition to the language cuts, Sir Robin Wales has also ordered a reduction in funding for 'single community' events. The reasoning behind this move is to encourage people from different ethnic backgrounds to mix and integrate. However, opponents argue that such events are a vital part of community life and help to promote a sense of belonging and identity. The decision to cut funding for community events has been met with particular anger from those who have been involved in organising such events. Many argue that they provide an opportunity for people to come together and celebrate their cultural heritage, and that cutting funding will only serve to deepen divisions rather than encourage integration. Critics of Sir Robin Wales argue that his policies are short-sighted and fail to take into account the realities of life in a diverse and multicultural society. They argue that language services are a vital part of ensuring that all members of the community are able to access essential services, and that community events are an important way of promoting understanding and tolerance. In response to these criticisms, Sir Robin Wales has defended his position, arguing that the cuts are necessary to improve integration and promote social cohesion. He has pointed to evidence that suggests that communities which are more integrated and share a common language are happier and more prosperous. The controversy over the language cuts and funding reductions for community events is likely to continue. In the meantime, many in the community are concerned about the impact that these measures will have on social cohesion and integration in the borough, and are calling on Sir Robin Wales to reconsider his decision.