article: (CNN) -- A 35-year-old father found to be sane when he killed his three young daughters last July was sentenced to three life sentences without the possibility of parole Monday. St. Croix County Judge Howard Cameron said the lives of sisters Amara,11, Sophie, 8, and Cecilia, 5, were each so important that Aaron Schaffhausen had to serve each sentence consecutively. "Each child has to be recognized as an individual girl," Cameron said. "To make it concurrent would diminish what happened to those young girls." Schaffhausen and his wife Jessica had recently divorced when he came to spend the day with his daughters last year. According to the criminal complaint, Jessica -- who was not home at the time -- told police that two hours after Schaffhausen went to see the girls, he called her and said, "You can come home now because I killed the kids." Jessica, who was in court Monday, was quiet throughout the proceedings. But her sister, Mary Elizabeth Stotz, called Schaffhausen an "evil coward" who "should rot in hell" during the victim impact statements. "Aaron Schaffhausen, the man who helped genetically make those girls and shape them ... Aaron became the darkness, the boogeyman, and the monster under the bed," Stotz said. "He was so evil that he took their unconditional love for him and used their love to lure them close enough so he could kill them. Their last memory is what an evil killer their dad was." Stotz also expressed fear that if Schaffhausen was allowed to be released on parole, he would get revenge on her family. Schaffhausen sat through the proceedings with no visible emotion, avoiding eye contact and almost inaudibly saying "no" when the judge asked him if he had anything to say. His attorney, John Kucinski, emphasized that his client suffered from a "rare mental illness" who committed a "rare catathymic homicide." "Nobody wins in this case," Kucinski said. "Both families suffer, Jessica suffers, uncles, aunts. "You can say, 'Three young girls are dead, we've lost their lives, he did it because he hated Jessica, let's get our revenge.' Or you can try to actually take a look at mental illness and prevent things in the future," Kucinski said. A large photograph of the sisters stood by the judge, who finished his sentencing by saying, "People in general, there is sometimes an evil, and there is goodness," Cameron said. The girls' aunt remembered them as "amazing people."
highlights: Aaron Schaffhausen killed his three daughters, ages 5 to 11, last year . Judge: The three life sentences must be stacked, not served concurrently . Schaffhausen's attorney says his client suffers from mental illness .
id: e77531a92de499d42c52deabde75a1a8d2624635
chatgpt: Aaron Schaffhausen, the man who brutally murdered his three young daughters, ages 5 to 11, last year, was ordered to serve three consecutive life sentences by the judge overseeing the case. The sentencing hearing, which took place on Monday, was one of the most emotional court proceedings in recent memory, with family members of the victims speaking out against the defendant and his actions. The judge presiding over the case, Judge Howard W. Cameron, made the decision to "stack" the three life sentences, meaning that each sentence will be served consecutively, rather than concurrently. This means that Schaffhausen will likely spend the rest of his life in prison, as he will not be eligible for parole until he has served at least 60 years behind bars. During the hearing, Schaffhausen's defense team argued that their client was suffering from undiagnosed mental illness at the time of the crime. They cited his history of depression and anxiety, as well as his deteriorating relationships with his ex-wife and children, as evidence that he was not in a sound mental state when he committed the murders. Despite these arguments, Judge Cameron made it clear that he believed Schaffhausen was fully aware of his actions at the time of the crime, and that his mental state did not excuse his behavior. "This was a cold-blooded, premeditated murder of three innocent young girls," the judge said. "It is clear that Mr. Schaffhausen knew exactly what he was doing when he took their lives." In addition to the three life sentences, Schaffhausen was also ordered to pay $100,000 in restitution to his ex-wife, Jessica Schaffhausen, who was present in the courtroom during the hearing. She sobbed uncontrollably as the judge read out the final verdict, and later released a statement thanking the court for its decision. "I am grateful that justice has been served," Jessica said in the statement. "No sentence will ever be long enough to make up for the loss of my precious daughters, but I am relieved that Aaron will never be able to hurt anyone else ever again." The case of Aaron Schaffhausen has been closely followed by people across the country, as the brutal nature of the crime and its impact on the victims' families has sparked widespread outrage and grief. The decision to stack the three life sentences is being hailed as a victory for justice, although it will never be able to bring back the three young girls whose lives were tragically cut short.