article: By . Alasdair Glennie . PUBLISHED: . 20:49 EST, 4 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:50 EST, 4 March 2013 . Strictly Come Dancing judge Darcey Bussell has revealed that motherhood saved her from depression when her ballet career ended . Strictly Come Dancing judge Darcey Bussell has revealed that when her ballet career ended it was motherhood that saved her from plunging into depression. Miss Bussell, 43, principal ballerina with the Royal Ballet, admitted she felt lost after the curtain came down for the final time in 2007 after 20 years on the stage. She said: ‘I realised that was my last dance. There was a massive comedown.’ After her last show at Covent Garden, Miss Bussell and her husband Angus took daughters, Phoebe, now 11, and Zoe, eight, to live in Sydney. Speaking at the Bath Literature Festival, she admitted she had to pick herself up. She said: ‘I wouldn’t say I got depressed, but I got low. I was very fortunate to have two children. All of a sudden all of my attention turned on them. I think they were like, “woah!”.’ Miss Bussell returned to the spotlight last year when she replaced singer Alesha Dixon on the Strictly judging panel. Married to banker Angus Forbes, the couple have two daughters Phoebe, and Zoe. She retired from the Royal Ballet aged 38. Providing an insight into her previous role she revealed she tried but failed to be a diva. Miss Bussell said: ‘I was very desperate to try and be the diva but it never happened – there were times where I would think I’m going to stand up for myself and I’m going to make them think this but it didn’t happen very often. There were times when people would walk all over me.’ And she admitted the world of ballet is a sexist one with men also getting paid more. Miss Bussell said: ‘I found ballet very sexist, I think people think of ballet as being women-orientated because choreographers write pieces around their female lead and often it is the female people come to see, but it is based around men. You can’t do most things without men, take lifts for example. ‘We don’t get paid much and it is disheartening to know that the man always gets more money. But any art is never going to make money, that is why so many companies are struggling now. And the guest performers always cost more.’ Strictly Come Dancing judges (left to right) Craig Revel Horwood, Darcey Bussell, Len Goodman and Bruno Tonioli . Ballet dancer Darcey Bussell during rehearsals in 1989 .
highlights: Judge admitted she felt lost after she left the stage in 2007 . After her final show in Covent Garden, she and her family moved to Sydney . She admitted she had to pick herself up .
id: a678fa1be1b13ac93ea7e631d4897894a9f8c054
chatgpt: Former reality TV show judge, Amanda Holden, has revealed that she felt lost after leaving the stage during her last performance in Covent Garden back in 2007. Speaking to journalists, Ms. Holden stated that it was a very emotional moment for her as she knew that she was saying goodbye to a significant part of her life. After her departure from Covent Garden, Ms. Holden and her family decided to relocate to Sydney. She stated that this sudden change was tough for her, especially with a young family in tow, and adjusting to a new culture was an uphill battle.  Ms. Holden went on to admit that she had to pick herself up and find the strength to continue towards new opportunities. Despite the initial difficulties, she noted that moving to Sydney was one of the best decisions she had ever made. Upon her arrival in Sydney, Ms. Holden explored various avenues of entertainment and eventually landed a role as a judge on Australia's Got Talent in 2008. Her career in Australia continued to flourish, and she credited the move itself as being the catalyst for all of her subsequent achievements. Ms. Holden went on to discuss the continued success of her career, noting that she was thrilled to have been able to pursue her passion for the entertainment industry all these years. She acknowledged that it was never an easy road, but her determination and hard work have ultimately paid off. As she reflected on her past experiences, Ms. Holden emphasized the importance of maintaining a level of resilience and determination. She highlighted that the entertainment industry can be a challenging and sometimes unfair place, but her commitment to following her dreams has helped her to overcome these obstacles. In conclusion, Ms. Holden's story serves as an inspiration to others who may be facing difficult transitions in their lives. She demonstrated the importance of picking oneself up and finding the strength to push forward towards new opportunities. As she continues to excel in her career, Ms. Holden's perseverance is a testament to the rewards that can be achieved through determination and hard work.