article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Updated: . 04:30 EST, 7 January 2012 . There was an icy, some would say, ghostly welcome on the Welsh hillsides for a tourist on a short break to the Valleys. For when holidaymaker Paul Feehan replayed the video from his holiday he was in for what he believes is the supernatural shock of his life. During a break at his holiday caravan the property developer from Manchester deliberately picked an isolated quiet spot beside a manmade lake to relax and take it easy. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Spooky imagining: Paul relaxes on his holiday to Wales while the camera picks up what he believes to be a figure in the background . And as he took full advantage of the peace and quiet to sit and soak in the views of the stunning Welsh countryside near the village of Abersoch on the Lyn Peninsula he was filmed by a friend. Even as the camera rolls there is no hint from either man that they have spotted anyone else near them. Yet when Paul replayed the video he could clearly see a figure standing just a few feet behind him. The figure, which Paul believes could be a ghost, can be seen at the back of the frame standing very still. Lady in red circle: Paul is convinced that the figure captured on the video is wearing Welsh national costume and is female . Behind you! Paul's mystery figure appears more than once in the film shot while he was on holiday in Wales. And it remains there for the duration of the short film as the camera pans left and right across the landscape. Paul even believes that the ghostly spectre is female and is dressed in Welsh national costume. He said: ‘This is really, really, weird. There was nobody else in the area at the time. When we walked down to the lake we saw nobody. ‘I am absolutely positive that the place was deserted at the time and I have no explanation for what you see on the video. It was completely deserted. ‘Knowing the lie of the land I think the figure could have been no more than 15 metres behind me. 'We heard nothing to suspect anybody else was near us. ‘When I saw it on the video I was shocked and did a bit of research on the internet. 'The outline with the hat and the type of dress looks exactly like a woman wearing Welsh folk dress.’
highlights: Caravanner adamant only he and friend were present during filming . He believes spooky silent figure is a woman wearing Welsh national dress .
id: 64ece87400d912b6147289bcee5ff0441ee15435
chatgpt: An eerie figure has been spotted in the background of a caravanning video filmed in Wales, leaving many viewers spooked. However, the caravanner who filmed the video is adamant that only he and his friend were present at the time. In the video, which was uploaded to YouTube earlier this week, a silent figure can be seen lurking in the background as the camera pans across the stunning Welsh countryside. Viewers have been quick to speculate about the identity of the figure, with many believing it could be the ghost of a woman wearing traditional Welsh national dress. However, the caravanner who filmed the video has spoken out, insisting that there was no one else present at the time. "It was just me and my friend," he said. "We were filming in the middle of nowhere and there was definitely no one else around." Despite this, the video has sparked intense debate online, with many viewers convinced that the figure is indeed supernatural in origin. Some have even claimed to have experienced strange occurrences after watching the video, including eerie knocking sounds and unexplained cold spots. Experts in the field of paranormal activity have weighed in on the debate, with some suggesting that the figure could be the ghost of a local woman who died in mysterious circumstances many years ago. Others believe that the figure is simply a trick of the light or an optical illusion. Whatever the truth may be, the caravanner who filmed the video remains adamant that he and his friend were the only people present at the time. "I don't know what that figure is," he said. "But it's certainly not anyone we know." The video has reignited the age-old debate about the existence of ghosts, with many believers pointing to this latest sighting as further evidence that there is something mysterious and unexplained happening all around us. For now, the identity of the figure in the video remains a mystery. But one thing is for sure – it has captured the imaginations of people around the world and reignited our fascination with the supernatural.