article: Alan Pardew will be in charge for Crystal Palace’s FA Cup clash with Dover Athletic on Sunday after Palace agreed compensation of £3.5million with Newcastle. Pardew was at the club’s Beckenham HQ on Friday, starting life as Palace’s boss, and the club are set to officially announce his appointment. Pardew is due to be in the dug-out for Sunday's visit to the non-League side. VIDEO Scroll down to see Keith Millen talk about Pardew's delayed arrival . Alan Pardew will manage Crystal Palace's FA Cup third round clash at Dover after leaving Newcastle United . Pardew was at Palace's training ground on Friday for just under 12 hours as he started life at his new club . Pardew will lead his first game with Palace after they agreed a £3.5million compensation deal with Newcastle . When discussions were ongoing on Friday caretaker manager Keith Millen said: ‘They’re still talking, but there are no problems. The lawyers are finalising the contract. The paperwork is taking longer than expected. ‘Alan has held a staff meeting when he spoke about a number of things. He spoke to the players, then we had training. ‘We’re preparing for the game on Sunday and I’m sure Alan will be taking the game. He’ll be taking training on Saturday. We’re hopeful the deal will be done for Sunday. ‘We’ve spoken about the team for Sunday’s game. He’s gone through the squad. He’s learning about the players, but he’s pleased with what he’s seen. He’ll pick the team. ‘Alan is excited because it’s Crystal Palace and the club means a lot to him, but it’s also exciting because of the players he’s inheriting.’ Caretaker boss Keith Millen took charge of Palace's 0-0 draw at Aston Villa on New Year's Day . Pardew will have to give late fitness tests to Damien Delaney and James McArthur ahead of the match against Dover. The pair picked up injuries against Aston Villa on New Year’s Day, while Mile Jedinak is on international duty with Australia. Meanwhile, chairman Steve Parish has admitted the summer appointment of Neil Warnock was a mistake. Eagles midfielder James McArthur (right) is a doubt for the match after injuring himself at Villa . Warnock became manager following Tony Pulis’s shock departure just days before the start of the season. ‘In the maelstrom that was going on then, I probably wanted to get someone in too much. I felt that what we had here (when Pulis left) we could just keep going,’ said Parish. ‘Neil is a very nice guy, a really nice guy. I would have loved him to be a success. ‘Things haven’t gone so well, with Tony (Pulis) going just before the start of the season. It causes upheaval. I probably didn’t get the right fit with Neil. I’ve got to take it on the chin for that one.’ Palace chairman Steve Parish  admits the summer appointment of Neil Warnock (pictured) was a mistake .
highlights: Crystal Palace travel to Dover in the FA Cup third round on Sunday . Imminent boss Alan Pardew was at Palace's training facilities on Friday . 53-year-old left his managerial post at Newcastle at the end of last month .
id: dfbfa451dfdd4f031fecb72f8bbbdf06e623c7ab
chatgpt: Crystal Palace are set to take on Dover Athletic in the third round of the FA Cup on Sunday, and new manager Alan Pardew was present at the club's training facilities on Friday to formulate his plans. The 53-year-old, who recently left his managerial post at Newcastle, arrived at Selhurst Park earlier this week to take control of a team that has struggled for form and consistency in the Premier League this season. Pardew, who was overwhelmed by the welcome he received from the Eagles faithful, has made it clear that he is looking forward to the cup tie against Dover. Although his main priority is to improve Palace's position in the league, the FA Cup has always been a significant competition, and Pardew is keen to make an impression in his first game in charge. Dover, who play in the Conference Premier, will provide a stern test for the Premier League side, and Pardew is expected to field a strong starting XI to ensure that Palace progress to the next round. The Eagles have had a difficult few weeks, having lost their last three games in the Premier League, with their latest defeat coming at the hands of Manchester City last weekend. Palace are without a win in their last four games, and Pardew will be looking to turn the team's fortunes around as soon as possible. However, the FA Cup offers a welcome distraction from their league woes, and Pardew is expected to field a strong team to ensure that Palace get off to a winning start under his leadership. The manager has a wealth of experience in cup competitions, having guided West Ham United to the FA Cup final in 2006. He will be hoping to replicate that success with Palace, as the club looks to progress as far as possible in this year's competition. Crystal Palace have played Dover Athletic twice before in the FA Cup, and have won both games comfortably. However, Pardew has warned his players not to take their opponents lightly, as they will be determined to pull off a giant-killing and cause an upset. Despite the increased significance of the FA Cup for Palace this season, Pardew is clear that his main priority is to ensure that the team improves their form in the league. The Eagles are currently in 18th position, one point above the relegation zone, and Pardew is keen to ensure that the team starts picking up points as soon as possible. Sunday's game offers a chance for Palace to start afresh and hit the ground running under their new boss. The team will be hoping for a positive result, and Pardew will be keen to make an immediate impact and take the club forward. The FA Cup offers a welcome respite from their league troubles, and the team will be hoping to capitalize on that opportunity as they take on Dover Athletic in the third round.