article: By . Chris Pleasance . This waxwork museum in China offers people the chance to get closer to their idols, but any fans visiting the exhibition may struggle to recognise who they're looking at. The collection in Guangzhou claims to be China's answer to Madam Tussauds, but may leave visitors feeling a bit baffled, and more than a little creeped out. The museum boasts models of Lady Gaga, who looks like she may be having problems with her slightly bendy arms, alongside a distinctly Asian-looking Steve Jobs. Scroll down for video . A waxwork museum is putting on an exhibition in Guangzhou which it claims will rival Madame Tussauds. However visitor may struggle to know who they're looking at (pictured Rowan Atkinson as Mr Bean) iFlop: Without the iPhone in his hand, tech fans may not have recognised this as former Apple CEO Steve Jobs . A very surprised Rowan Atkinson also appears wearing his Mr Bean attire, while another British actor to make the collection is Daniel Radcliffe, in full Harry Potter robes. Audrey Hepburn also takes a star turn in the collection, complete with the little black dress and gloves she wore in Breakfast At Tiffany's, though looking slightly less-than glamorous with a slanted tiara and join-line where her head meets her torso. Another figurine looks vaguely like Leonardo Di Caprio, with his signature swept-back hair and goatee. Wolf in sheep's clothing: This model is supposed to be of Wolf of Wall Street actor Leonardo Di Caprio . Model Lady Gaga appears to be having some problem with her arms as they stick out at an impossible angle . Aside from celebrities, world leaders Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin are also on show. While the former appears relaxed, with his arms sort-of crossed, the latter wears a mildly-confused expression, appears to be pouring sweat and has a thinning hairline. Both political heavyweights also appear to have developed a slightly cross-eyed stare. Glamourless: This unconvincing waxwork of Audrey Hepburn is let down even further by the join-line between her neck and torso and is nothing compared to the original . You're not a wizard: Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter would be almost unrecognisable if not for the clothes . Completing the collection is an Eighties-inspired Arnold Schwarzenegger dressed up in a terminator-style leather jacket, though his frizzy locks are pretty unconvincing. The Guangzhou waxworks will thankfully be open free of charge throughout May. However, it may struggle to take the title of World's Worst Waxworks away from the UK's Louis Tussauds House of Wax Museum in Great Yarmouth, which was bought earlier this year by an anonymous bidder in the Czech Republic. Not-so-heavyweight: Political bigwig Barack Obama is slightly cross-eyed as a mannequin, as is his counterpart Vladimir Putin, who is also sporting a thinning hairline .
highlights: Waxwork exhibition is being put on in museum in Guangzhou, China . Collection features likes of Rowan Atkinson and Leonardo Di Caprio . However fans may struggle to recognise their celebrity idols .
id: 1205a98b47841aa127b7319bcfdb846e10230529
chatgpt: Visitors to a museum in Guangzhou, China are in for a treat with the latest waxwork exhibition that has just been launched. The collection features some of the most famous celebrities of our time, including Rowan Atkinson and Leonardo DiCaprio. However, fans may struggle to recognise their celebrity idols as the wax figures are not quite up to par with what you might have seen in other wax museums. The waxwork exhibition is the latest in a series of exhibitions that have been organised at the Guangzhou museum. This year's exhibition focuses on figures from the world of entertainment and is sure to be a hit with visitors of all ages. The exhibition features over 30 wax figures, including the likes of Johnny Depp, Lady Gaga, and Brad Pitt. The wax figures that have been created for the exhibition are certainly impressive, but they may not be quite as lifelike as you might expect. For example, the Rowan Atkinson figure looks more like a caricature than a true likeness of the actor. The same is true for the Leonardo DiCaprio figure, which looks more like a random mannequin than the award-winning actor we know and love. Despite the lack of resemblance to the real-life figures, the exhibition is still sure to be a hit with fans. Visitors can get up close and personal with the wax figures and take photos with their favourite celebrities. In addition, the exhibition also includes interactive displays that allow visitors to learn more about the world of waxworks and the celebrities that have been immortalised in their own unique way. One of the most interesting features of the exhibition is the way that the wax figures have been posed. Each figure has been created in a lifelike pose, allowing visitors to see their favourite celebrities in action. For example, the Lady Gaga figure is posed in a classic performance stance, complete with microphone and pouting lips. The Brad Pitt figure is posed in a casual, yet confident stance, looking every bit the Hollywood heartthrob he is. Although the wax figures may not look exactly like their famous counterparts, the museum has done an excellent job of capturing the spirit of the celebrities. Each figure is dressed in an outfit that is synonymous with the celebrity they represent, and the attention to detail is impressive. For example, the Johnny Depp figure is dressed in a pirate costume complete with dreadlocks and facial hair, whilst the Lady Gaga figure is clad in a sparkling, sequin-covered outfit. Overall, the waxwork exhibition at the Guangzhou museum is sure to be a hit with visitors of all ages. Whilst the wax figures may not be as lifelike as some other wax museums around the world, the exhibition still offers a unique insight into the world of waxworks and celebrity culture. Whether you're a fan of Rowan Atkinson or Leonardo DiCaprio, there's plenty to see and do at the museum's latest exhibition.