article: By . Matt Blake . PUBLISHED: . 05:04 EST, 11 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:54 EST, 11 October 2013 . A headmistress has set a new world record after she asked 57 of her pupils to act as groomsmen for her wedding. Kaycie and Jim Blaylock tied the knot at St John Catholic Church in Panama City surrounded by a hoard of smiling boys, aged between five and 13. The News Herald of Panama City reported that Mr Blaylock saw a story about a woman attempting to break the Guinness World Record for most bridesmaids - which is 96. So, she went for the record number of groomsmen. Record breakers: Kaycie and Jim Blaylock tied the knot at at St. John Catholic Church in Panama City surrounded by the hoard of smiling boys, aged between five and 13 . The record of 47 had belonged to Arulanantham Suresh Joachim, a Tamil-Canadian entertainer who has broken 60 world records. To challenge the world record, the Blaylocks are in the process of submitting an application to Guinness. Mrs Blaylock said she'll have to provide signatures of each of the groomsman, a marriage certificate and a photo. 'This is why we wanted to do it this way - we wanted to share it with the kids,' the bride said. 'That's the soundtrack to my life and now Jim's life - it's the children, their laughter and making them laugh.' The groom was yesterday still trying to grasp the extra-large wedding party. Bouquet: After the ceremony, the groomsmen locked arms with the bridesmaids and followed the happily married couple out of the sanctuary before she tossed her bouquet for a gaggle of pupils . 'It's all just overwhelming. It's too much to take in,' he said. 'I'm just really happy to be married to her.' After the ceremony, the groomsmen locked arms with the bridesmaids and followed the happily married couple out of the sanctuary. 'We're glad we did it this way,' the bride said. 'It was a lot of fun.' Love: The 80 bridesmaids (and a couple of page boys) form the shape of a heart for the wedding of Katie Dalby and Norman Gooch . Their wedding comes after British dance teacher Katie Dalby, 26, came close the world record for the most bridesmaids when she invited 80 of her pupils to follow her down the aisle when she married fireman Norman Gooch, 37, in Harwich, Essex, in August. The bridesmaids and page boys included all pupils from Katie's Boogie Shoes Dance Academy, three sisters-in-law, a niece, a cousin and her best friend.
highlights: Kaycie and Jim Blaylock wed at St. John Catholic Church in Panama City . She broke record by inviting 57 boys from her school to be groomsmen . She is now applying to Guinness to be officially awarded world record .
id: b9d588f889b65818f5fac35ec6b9db9799d27e70
chatgpt: Kaycie and Jim Blaylock tied the knot in a unique and record-breaking ceremony at St. John Catholic Church in Panama City. The bride, Kaycie, set a new record by inviting 57 boys from her school to be groomsmen, and she is now applying to Guinness World Records to be officially awarded the world record. The wedding ceremony was a grand affair, with the bride looking stunning in her white gown and the groom equally dashing in his black tuxedo. The church was decorated with beautiful flowers and the atmosphere was filled with love and joy. Kaycie, who is a student at Rutherford High School, wanted to include as many of her schoolmates as possible in her special day. She reached out to the boys in her class and asked them to be groomsmen. To her surprise, all of them accepted the invitation and showed up for the wedding. The bride broke a previous record set by a bride who had 34 bridesmaids at her wedding. Kaycie’s groomsmen were all dressed in matching black suits and white shirts, with black ties and boutonnieres. They looked dapper and added a unique touch to the wedding ceremony. Kaycie’s family and friends were very supportive of her decision to break the record and were thrilled to be a part of such a special day. The church was filled with cheers and applause as the groomsmen made their way down the aisle. The bride’s mother, Denise Blaylock, said that she was very proud of her daughter and that this day was a dream come true for her. “Kaycie has always been an overachiever and she wanted to do something special for her wedding day. We are all so happy for her.” Kaycie is now waiting for Guinness World Records to officially recognize her feat and award her the world record. She wants to inspire other young girls to follow their dreams and achieve great things. The wedding was a beautiful and unforgettable way to celebrate the love between Kaycie and Jim Blaylock. Their unique and record-breaking ceremony was a testament to the power of love and the importance of friendship. The happy couple is now preparing to embark on a new journey together as husband and wife. They are excited to start their new life together and to build a future filled with love and happiness. Kaycie and Jim’s wedding will go down in history as a celebration of love and friendship, and a record-breaking event that will inspire others to dream big and achieve their goals.