article: A gambler who is suing Britain’s oldest gaming club for withholding his £7.3million payout is  facing a hefty demand himself – for the return of £5.9million he won at an American casino. Poker star Phil Ivey’s extraordinary dispute with Mayfair club Crockfords – which accused him of ‘reading’ the cards during a game of punto banco two years ago – reaches the High Court tomorrow. It has now emerged the 38-year-old multi-millionaire, dubbed the Tiger Woods of poker, is embroiled in an near-identical legal fight with Atlantic City casino Borgata. Unlike Crockfords, Borgata paid him his winnings in 2012, but is now suing for their return, arguing that he cheated. But Mr Ivey’s lawyers say ‘each and every penny’ was the ‘result of sheer skill’. Controversy: Poker king Phil Ivey is suing Britain's oldest gaming club, Mayfair's Crockfords . Before that case is resolved, however, Mr Ivey is due to give evidence in the High Court in the biggest legal battle in casino history. California-born Ivey is said to be relishing the opportunity to explain to a judge why he deserves his winnings. Both cases hinge on the use of what many gamblers argue is a legitimate technique called ‘edge sorting’. Mr Ivey says in his claim that it is commonly used by ‘advantage players’ – those who use legal ways to gain a mathematical advantage over a casino. In London and Atlantic City he was accompanied by a Chinese associate, a poker player now understood to be Cheng Yin Sun, also known as Kelly. Like Mr Ivey, she denies cheating. She helped Mr Ivey to exploit tiny flaws in the cards’ design – asymmetrical pattern differences on the back that are the result of mistakes during the manufacturing process. Mr Ivey's disputes hinge on the use of what gamblers argue is a legitimate technique called 'edge sorting' In his High Court claim, Mr Ivey’s lawyers say: ‘During the second session on August 20 [Mr Ivey] made various requests for decks of cards to be changed at the end of hands with which [Crockfords] chose to comply. ‘This continued until Kelly identified a deck, or decks of cards, where the pattern on the reverse side of the cards was asymmetrical (in that one “long” side was different from the opposite side). ‘Kelly would ask the dealer to reveal each card in turn by lifting the edge furthest from the dealer so  Kelly could identify whether the card was a seven, eight or nine – the key cards in punto banco. ‘The first time Kelly identified a key card, she told the dealer it was a “good” card which she wanted the dealer to rotate in the opposite direction to  all the other cards . . . In this way, the long edges  of the key card became distinguishable from  those of the other cards.’
highlights: Phil Ivey's battle with Mayfair club Crockfords hits the High Court tomorrow . As it emerges he is locked in a similar dispute with a casino in Atlantic City . It payed him his earnings in 2012, but is now suing for their return .
id: a06ddb1de2051c586e0d65581296efab26366671
chatgpt: Phil Ivey, the renowned professional poker player, is set to fight two legal battles in court. The first is with Mayfair club Crockfords and the second with a casino in Atlantic City. Ivey is no stranger to the courtroom, having previously been involved in a dispute with Crockfords, which led to a verdict against him in 2014. The case with Crockfords dates back to 2012 when Ivey won £7.7 million playing a game called Punto Banco. The casino initially withheld the money, claiming that Ivey had cheated by using a technique called "edge-sorting." Ivey argued that the technique was simply a legitimate form of advantage play, which involves exploiting defects in the design of the cards. However, the court ruled in favor of the casino, stating that edge-sorting was a breach of contract. Now, four years later, Ivey is set to challenge the verdict in the UK's highest court. The hearing will take place tomorrow in the Supreme Court, and Ivey will be represented by Richard Spearman QC, a leading expert in commercial litigation. In the meantime, another legal battle has emerged in the US, with a casino in Atlantic City suing Ivey for his winnings in a similar case. According to reports, Ivey won $9.6 million from the Borgata Hotel Casino and Spa in 2012, using the same edge-sorting technique. However, the casino now claims that Ivey's winnings were the result of fraud and is seeking to have them returned. Ivey has denied any wrongdoing, stating that he simply used his skill and knowledge of the game to gain an advantage. He has also argued that the casinos were aware of his techniques and had ample opportunity to stop him from using them. The case with the Borgata is set to go to trial later this year, with both sides expected to present their arguments in court. It remains to be seen whether Ivey will be able to clear his name and retain his winnings in both cases. Despite the controversy surrounding his techniques, Ivey is widely regarded as one of the greatest poker players of all time. He has won 10 World Series of Poker bracelets, and his total live tournament winnings exceed $26 million. However, his legal battles with the casinos have cast a shadow over his achievements and have divided the poker community. Some have criticized Ivey for using what they see as unethical methods to win, while others have defended him and argued that he simply used his skills to gain an advantage. Regardless of the outcomes of the legal battles, it is clear that Ivey's legacy in the world of poker will be forever tainted by these disputes.