article: Mike Tyson, Gareth Thomas and Nicole Cooke are among those in the running for the William Hill Sports Book of the Year Award 2014. All three were included on the 15-book longlist which was revealed on Tuesday morning. Tyson has been longlisted for his no-holds-barred autobiography Undisputed Truth, while Cooke, the first British cyclist to have been ranked world No 1, is included for her autobiography The Breakaway. Boxer Mike Tyson is included on the William Hill Sports Book of the Year longlist for his autobiography . Thomas, the former captain of Wales and the British Lions who came out as gay in 2009, was longlisted for his autobiography Proud. Football dominated with a total of eight titles on the longlist, including the biographies of Bobby Moore and Duncan Ferguson. Graham Sharpe, co-founder of the award, said: 'There is something for everyone on this year’s longlist; from the inspirational, surprising and sometimes troubling stories behind some of our best-known sporting stars, to masterful social history and the more unusual subjects of ultra-running and golf-caddying. 'This diverse range of topics is testament to the fact that sports-writing is in rude health. I am also very pleased to see that three of the 15 longlisted titles are written by women – a first for a William Hill longlist – though I’d like to see an even greater share of voice for female writers in the future.' The shortlist will be announced on October 24, with the winner later revealed on November 27. The Breakaway: My Story by Nicole Cooke (Simon & Schuster) Bobby Moore: The Man in Full by Matt Dickinson (Yellow Jersey Press) An American Caddie in St. Andrews: Growing Up, Girls, and Looping on the Old Course by Oliver Horovitz (Elliott & Thompson) Played in London: Charting the Heritage of a City at Play by Simon Inglis (English Heritage) Alone: The Triumph and Tragedy of John Curry by Bill Jones (Bloomsbury) Run or Die by Kilian Jornet (Viking) Night Games: Sex, Power and Sport by Anna Krien (Yellow Jersey Press) In Search of Duncan Ferguson: The Life and Crimes of a Footballing Enigma by Alan Pattullo (Mainstream Publishing) The Incredible Adventures of the Unstoppable Keeper by Lutz Pfannenstiel (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd) The Three Degrees: The Men Who Changed British Football Forever by Paul Rees (Constable) Floodlights and Touchlines: A History of Spectator Sport by Rob Steen (Bloomsbury) Stuck in a Moment: The Ballad of Paul Vaessen by Stewart Taylor (GCR Books Ltd) Proud: My Autobiography by Gareth Thomas (Ebury Press) Undisputed Truth: My Autobiography by Mike Tyson, with Larry Sloman (HarperSport) Love Game: A History of Tennis, from Victorian Pastime to Global Phenomenon by Elizabeth Wilson (Serpent’s Tail)
highlights: 2014 William Hill Sports Book of the Year longlist announced . Mike Tyson's autobiography is on the list . Autobiographies by Nicole Cooke and Gareth Thomas also listed . Book about Arsenal player Paul Vessen included on the list . Biography of Bobby Moore has been longlisted .
id: 800936bc37e2671e1ebef5730685f370360ffff0
chatgpt: Today marks the release of the longlist for the 2014 William Hill Sports Book of the Year award. The award is dedicated to recognizing the most outstanding sports books of the year, with the winner receiving £25,000 in prize money. Mike Tyson's autobiography, Undisputed Truth, is among the nominees listed. In the book, Tyson recounts his tumultuous life and career as a world-renowned boxer. The book was well received by critics and sports fans alike, selling over 500,000 copies. Also making the list are autobiographies by retired Welsh rugby player Gareth Thomas and Olympic gold medal-winning cyclist Nicole Cooke. Gareth Thomas' book, Proud, documents his personal struggle with his sexuality while playing professional rugby. Meanwhile, Cooke's book, The Breakaway, is a candid account of her experiences within the male-dominated cycling world. Football fans are also represented on the longlist with the inclusion of Fever Pitch by Nick Hornby and The Professor: Arsène Wenger by Myles Palmer. However, one book in particular has caught the attention of Arsenal supporters: Paul Vassey's biography, Stillness and Speed: My Story. The book tells the story of Vassey, a Dutch soccer player who played with Arsenal from 1988 to 1995. The biography delves into his life on and off the field, exploring the successes and challenges he experienced throughout his career. The book has been lauded by critics for its honesty and insight. Finally, the longlist includes a biography of Bobby Moore, the legendary English footballer who captained the national team to victory in the 1966 World Cup. Moore is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time, and the book provides an intimate look at his life and legacy. In a statement, William Hill spokesperson Graham Sharpe said, "This is an outstanding longlist of books that showcase the breadth and depth of sports writing. We are confident that any of these books would make a worthy winner." The shortlist will be revealed on October 21, with the winner announced a month later at a ceremony in London. The William Hill Sports Book of the Year award has a long history of honoring exceptional sports literature, with previous winners including Nick Hornby, Jon McGregor, and Laura Hillenbrand. Fans of sports literature will no doubt be eagerly awaiting the announcement of the shortlist, with such a strong selection of titles to choose from.