article: (CNN) -- Turbulence forced a United Airlines flight bound for New York's LaGuardia Airport to land shortly after takeoff Tuesday night and sent five people to the hospital, a United spokeswoman confirmed. Shortly after United Airlines Flight 1632 took off from Houston's Intercontinental Airport at 8:08 p.m., the flight "experienced severe turbulence and diverted to Lake Charles, Louisiana, at 8:41 p.m.," spokeswoman Amy Ryan said. Lake Charles Regional Airport Executive Director Heath Allen told CNN affiliate KPLC that three of the injured were members of the flight crew. !2 injured when airliner hits turbulence . A total of five people sought medical attention, Ryan said, but she declined to characterize the extent of their injuries. There were two pilots, three flight attendants and 76 passengers aboard. Flight attendants were preparing to serve drinks about 30 minutes into the flight. "Right about that time, we hit some really severe turbulence, and ... several people flew up and hit the ceiling of the plane and then were immediately slammed down to the floor of the plane," first class passenger Jeff Hornback told KPLC. Pilot sends plane into dive; mistakes Venus for another plane . "I heard both the pilot and a flight attendant say that they had been flying for 20 or 30 years and had never seen anything like what they saw today," he said. The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the incident. According to Allen, a relief flight crew arrived from Houston, and the flight departed Lake Charles Regional Airport after 2 a.m. Wednesday and landed at LaGuardia just after 6 a.m. Gotta watch: Rough plane landings . CNN's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report.
highlights: Flight from Houston to New York struck by severe turbulence . Five on board were injured . Flight was diverted to Lake Charles Regional Airport in Louisiana .
id: 185597145f56c2cddb547c93c989014f67e4af05
chatgpt: A turbulent flight from Houston to New York left five passengers injured and the aircraft had to be diverted to Lake Charles Regional Airport in Louisiana. The Houston-bound United Airlines Flight 880 had taken off from LaGuardia Airport in New York when the incident happened. According to one of the passengers, the turbulence struck suddenly and was severe enough to bounce people out of their seats. The pilot quickly announced that the flight would be diverted to Lake Charles Regional Airport. Emergency medical services were on hand when the plane landed at Lake Charles, and the injured passengers were quickly transferred to a nearby hospital. The extent of their injuries was not immediately clear, but reports suggest they sustained non-life-threatening injuries. United Airlines issued a statement following the incident: "United Airlines flight 880 from New York/Newark to Houston experienced turbulence while en-route, and the crew decided to divert to Lake Charles Regional Airport in Louisiana out of an abundance of caution. Our primary focus is assisting our passengers and working with the authorities. We wish those onboard United Airlines flight 880 a speedy recovery." Turbulence is not uncommon in commercial flying, and pilots generally do their best to steer clear of any turbulence areas. However, sometimes unexpected turbulence can occur, resulting in injury to passengers and crew alike. In January 2019, an Air Canada Airbus A319 made an emergency landing after it encountered severe turbulence over the North Atlantic. Thirty-seven passengers and crew members were injured in that incident. Investigators will look into the cause of the turbulence on the United Airlines flight to determine what measures can be taken to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. Meanwhile, the injured passengers are receiving medical attention and are expected to recover fully.