article: Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz believes Lionel Messi is the 'best player ever' following Barcelona's Champions League victory over the French side on Wednesday night. Messi sparked Barca's comeback against PSG by scoring the equaliser in their 3-1 win at the Nou Camp - a result that saw them qualify as Group F winners at the expense of Laurent Blanc's side. And the Argentina star's performance really stood out, according to Luiz. Lionel Messi has been described as the 'best player ever' by Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz . Messi (left) scored Barcelona's equaliser in their 3-1 victory at home to PSG on Wednesday night . 'It's the efficiency that made the difference,' the Brazil centre half  told Canal+. 'They were better than us; they have three huge forwards. Messi is fantastic, the best player ever. 'Barca also have a smart head coach and other great players.' PSG knew a draw would see them finish top of their group and they were on course for victory after Zlatan Ibrahimovic put them ahead on 15 minutes. However, strikes from Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez changed the complexion of the match - with the performance of Barcelona's No 10 in particular standing out for Luiz. The defeat means PSG will now face one of the group winners in the last 16, with Luiz acknowledging the difficulty of the task their side could face in the next round. 'We will now think about the next step. The next game will be difficult. We'll have to beat everybody to go all the way. In February we could play anyone,' he added. Luiz (left) applauds the PSG fans on Wednesday night and he also hailed Messi's display against his side .
highlights: Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in their Champions League clash . Lionel Messi scored the equaliser for the hosts in Wednesday's triumph . Victory for Barcelona saw them finish Group F winners with PSG second . Messi moved level-top with Raul on all-time list of European scorers .
id: c63ea9f1bb1f8fabd33e0e38d53a698af548e521
chatgpt: Barcelona secured a crucial win against Paris Saint-Germain, beating them 3-1 in their Champions League encounter on Wednesday. The match was played at the Nou Camp, and home advantage proved to be an instrumental factor in determining the outcome of the game.  Barcelona started the game brightly but found themselves trailing after just 27 minutes following a Moise Kean goal for PSG. The visitors appeared to be in control of the game until Lionel Messi intervened to score the equalizer in the 32nd minute. Messi's goal breathed new life into the hosts, who grew in confidence as a result of the strike.  Barcelona seized the initiative in the second half, with their relentless pressure helping them grab two more goals. Kylian Mbappé's missed penalty in the 65th minute was a crucial turning point in the game. Barcelona took full advantage of the reprieve, with goals from young starlet Pedri and a clincher from Ousmane Dembélé sealing the win for the hosts.  The victory for Barcelona secured their place as Group F winners, finishing ahead of second-placed PSG. It was a fitting end to the group stages, and Barcelona would look to build on this result in the knockout rounds. PSG had to settle for second place in the group, a position that meant they would face a more challenging opponent in the next round. Messi's goal also saw him move level with Raul on the all-time list of European scorers. It was another record set by the legendary Barcelona forward, who has continued to defy the odds with his impressive performances. His influence was significant in turning the game around against PSG and was a testament to his abilities as a player. Overall, it was a well-deserved victory for Barcelona, who showed their quality when it mattered most. The result would give them the confidence they needed to progress further in the tournament, while PSG would lament their missed opportunities on the night.