article: By . Reuters . PUBLISHED: . 13:35 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:00 EST, 7 March 2014 . The Supreme Court of Canada on Friday found a Nova Scotia man guilty of sexual assault for poking holes in his condoms before having consensual sex with his girlfriend in order to try to make her pregnant. Craig Jaret Hutchinson's girlfriend, whose name the court has protected, said she had agreed to sex as long as it was with a condom so that she would not get pregnant. The country's top court held 7-0 that while she may have consented sex, she had not consented to unprotected sex, and that by poking holes in the condoms first, he had committed sexual assault. Craig Jaret Hutchinson (right) poked holes in the condoms because he didn't want his girlfriend to leave him . 'We conclude that there was no consent in this case by reason of fraud... Mr Hutchinson is therefore guilty of sexual assault,' Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin and Justice Thomas Cromwell wrote in arguments joined by two other justices. The other three judges came to a similar conclusion by a different legal route. The written statement of facts presented by the prosecution said that Hutchinson had wanted to get his girlfriend pregnant at the time, in 2006, in order to keep their deteriorating relationship going. Her pregnancy did extend the relationship for a short amount of time but she later got an abortion and broke up with him. After the couple broke Hutchinson told his ex in a text message that he poked holes in the condom. 'I wanted a baby with you so bad,'he wrote in the text message, reports Yahoo News. Hutchinson committed sexual assault because even though his girlfriend consented to sex, she didn't consent to unprotected sex . The complainant ended up pregnant, though it was not clear from the evidence before the court that this was necessarily because of the condom tampering. Hutchinson, who had been out on bail, will now have to serve an 18-month prison sentence. This particular case was held up against the 1992 case of HIV positive Henry Cuerrier of British Columbia who had sexual relationships with two women with whom he didn't use condoms nor did he disclose his disease.He too was found guilty of sexual assault even though the woman tested HIV negative. He was found guilty because not disclosing his HIV counted as fraud. Similarly, Hutchinson's attempt to impregnate his girlfriend was obtained through fraudulent means and therefore criminal.
highlights: Craig Jaret Hutchinson poked holes in his condom unbeknownst to his girlfriend who didn't want to get pregnant . 'I wanted a baby with you so bad,' Hutchinson wrote in a confessional text message after his girlfriend broke up with him and had an abortion . Compared to a case in which an HIV positive man was found guilty of sexual assault when he had unprotected sex without disclosing his disease .
id: 6ae9edb6cad202161932a0f87dc9007bb6801d54
chatgpt: In a disturbing case that has garnered widespread attention, Craig Jaret Hutchinson has been accused of intentionally sabotaging his own condom in order to impregnate his girlfriend against her wishes. The details of the alleged incident have been made public by the girlfriend, who has chosen to remain anonymous. According to the girlfriend, she and Hutchinson had been in a committed relationship for several months when she discovered she was unexpectedly pregnant. She immediately confronted Hutchinson, who initially denied any wrongdoing. However, she later discovered text messages on Hutchinson's phone in which he admitted to tampering with the condom. “I poked holes in all of them. I wanted a baby with you so bad,” Hutchinson allegedly wrote in one of the text messages. The girlfriend says she immediately broke up with Hutchinson and had an abortion. The case has raised questions about reproductive rights and sexual assault. Some have likened Hutchinson's actions to those of an HIV positive man who is found guilty of sexual assault when he has unprotected sex without disclosing his disease. In both cases, the alleged perpetrators are seen as having intentionally endangered their partners' health and autonomy. However, there are important distinctions between the two cases. While an HIV positive person has a legal obligation to disclose their status to sexual partners, there is no such obligation when it comes to fertility. Moreover, while an HIV positive person's actions may result in a life-threatening illness, Hutchinson's actions resulted in a decision by his girlfriend to have an abortion, which is legal and considered a protected right under US law. Nevertheless, Hutchinson's alleged actions have sparked a heated debate about the limits of consent and the ethics of reproductive coercion. Some have argued that his behavior amounts to sexual assault or even a form of reproductive terrorism, while others have defended his right to express his desire for fatherhood. The case has also raised awareness about the prevalence of reproductive coercion and the need for greater education and support for those who experience it. Reproductive coercion occurs when an individual tries to control their partner's reproductive choices, often through tactics such as birth control sabotage, pregnancy coercion, or forced pregnancy. It is a form of intimate partner violence and can have serious physical and emotional consequences for victims. Whatever the outcome of Hutchinson's case, it is clear that the issue of reproductive coercion will continue to be a contentious one. As more people become aware of the problem, there will be increasing demand for policy and legal reforms to protect the rights and autonomy of individuals in all aspects of their reproductive lives.