article: FInal approval for the prisoner exchange that freed Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was made by Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, members of Congress learned on Monday from White House officials. 'They indicated (it was) Secretary Hagel (who made the final call),' Rep. Buck McKeon (R-CA) said after a classified briefing, ABC points out. 'It was the president of the United States that came out (in the Rose Garden) with the Bergdahls and took all the credit and now that there’s been a little pushback he’s moving away from it and it’s Secretary Hagel?' Scroll down for video . Final say? Congress learned on Monday that Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, pictured, gave the go-ahead for the prisoner exchange that freed Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . Last week, Hagel said the swap was a unanimous decision when speaking to the BBC. 'It was the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Director of National Intelligence, Attorney General,' he said. 'It was our judgement based on the information that we had that his life, his health were in peril,' Hagel also told the channel in defense of not giving Congress 30 days' notice of the plan. 'Can you imagine if we would have waited or taken the chance of leaks over a 30-day period?' Hagel said. Different story: Hagel earlier said the decision was made unanimously . Freed: Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, pictured, was released from Taliban captivity on May 31 in exchange for five enemy combatants . Congress was upset to learn on Monday that 80 to 90 people in the Obama administration knew of the exchange - but that no Republicans or Democrats in Congress were told. 'It strikes me as unfortunate that they could have 80 to 90 people in the administration aware of what was happening and not be able to trust a single Republican or Democrat in the House or the Senate,' Rep. Greg Walden (R-OR), said, Reuters notes. ''There was a sense of anger that members of Congress didn’t know about this,' Rep. Michelle Bachmann (R-MN) said to reporters after the briefing, ABC notes. 'Obviously, if there is secure information — members of Congress knew about the capture of Osama bin Laden — and yet 80 to 90 staff in the White House knew about this.' Hagel is expected to defend the prisoner exchange on Wednesday in an appearance before the House Armed Services Committee.
highlights: Congress learned on Monday that Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel gave final approval for the prisoner exchange that freed Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . Last week, Hagel said the swap was a unanimous decision made by senior officials . Hagel is expected to defend the prisoner exchange on Wednesday in an appearance before the House Armed Services Committee .
id: 9b8d03382e6b970f2f14c8caa41ad8ccae5e77fb
chatgpt: On Monday, Congress learned that Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel had given final approval for the prisoner exchange that resulted in the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. This revelation has only added more fuel to the ongoing controversy surrounding the exchange, which has sparked heated debates and criticism from both sides of the political spectrum. Just last week, Hagel stated that the swap was a unanimous decision made by senior officials. However, this news that he ultimately approved the exchange may change the narrative. Some lawmakers are raising questions about the legality of the decision, with some calling for an investigation. Hagel is now slated to appear before the House Armed Services Committee on Wednesday, where he is expected to defend the decision to swap prisoners. The hearing promises to be a tense one, with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle likely to grill Hagel on the details surrounding the exchange and the decision-making process that led to it. In addition to the controversy surrounding the legality of the decision to exchange prisoners, there is also concern over the safety and well-being of Bergdahl himself. Some have questioned the wisdom of releasing five high-ranking Taliban officials from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for a single soldier, while others have expressed relief that Bergdahl is no longer in captivity. Many questions remain unresolved, and it remains to be seen what the fallout from this latest development will be. While opinions on the exchange remain divided, one thing is certain: the controversy surrounding Bergdahl’s release is far from over. Some argue that the release of the five Taliban officials will embolden extremist groups and put American lives in danger. However, others point out that the terms of the exchange required the Taliban officials to remain in Qatar for at least a year, and that the agreement was heavily monitored to ensure compliance. Nevertheless, the controversy surrounding the exchange has taken center stage in the political arena, with both Republicans and Democrats speaking out on the issue. Many are demanding answers and accountability from the administration, while others are calling for unity and an end to the finger-pointing that has characterized much of the debate thus far. Only time will tell how this situation will ultimately play out, but one thing is certain: the release of Bergdahl and the prisoner exchange that facilitated it will continue to be a topic of controversy and debate in the months and years to come.