article: Opta can also provide data on 'long balls', a pass aimed for a pitch position or 2nd ball rather than a specific player. Manchester United have taken the long-ball route even more seriously under Louis van Gaal this season. In stats provided by Opta, it shows that the Old Trafford side have attempted 1,696 long passes after 22 games this term - 358 more at the same stage last season under former boss David Moyes. In fact, only Burnley - who spent around the £8million mark last summer as opposed to United's £150m spree - have attempted more long balls (1,737) in the top flight this season. Louis van Gaal (right) was left with plenty to ponder after his Manchester United side were held Cambridge . Radamel Falcao (left) and Co were unable to find a way through against the League Two side . Van Gaal exchanges words with QPR boss Harry Redknapp, whose side are third in the table for long balls . That comes as a surprising revelation considering Van Gaal has spoken in frustrated terms on various occasions when his team, in his words, have been forced to retreat to a long-ball game against sides who have used that tactic against them. Following United's win against Harry Redknapp's QPR side earlier this month he said: 'In the first half we played like Queens Park Rangers and that's not good. 'You have to play like we usually play with the ball on the floor.' Most recently after the FA Cup stalemate against Cambridge he told MUTV: 'I was very disappointed at half-time because we made the same error against Yeovil Town and Queens Park Rangers. 'We played in the same style of play [as the opposition] and you don't have to do that.' QPR, West Brom and Leicester are the other sides which make up the top five for attempting long balls this season. Leonardo Ulloa (right) rises highest to head home for Leicester against Arsenal earlier in the season . Bobby Zamora - picturing challenging for the ball with Marcos Rojo - has been a vocal point for QPR this term . Van Gaal is not a fan of United playing long ball football - yet they are the second highest team in the Premier League to do so this season . Danny Ings (centre) has impressed for Burnley this season - the team who have attempted the most long balls .
highlights: Manchester United are the second-worst offenders in the Premier League . Burnley lead the table out of all the top-flight teams for long balls . Louis van Gaal's side have attempted 358 more than David Moyes' team . Van Gaal's team have attempted 1,696 long balls in 22 games . Click here for LIVE Manchester United transfer news .
id: 5858d806aedfb482e8e08b9643540b219188f547
chatgpt: Manchester United have been revealed as the second-worst offenders in the Premier League when it comes to playing long balls, according to statistics. Burnley currently lead the table out of all top-flight teams for long balls, closely followed by United. This revelation has sparked debate about the team's playing style under current manager Louis van Gaal. Van Gaal's team have attempted a staggering 1,696 long balls in just 22 games this season, which is 358 more than the number attempted by David Moyes' United team. The Dutchman's preference for long balls has been seen as a contrast to the free-flowing attacking style that United fans are used to seeing. However, Van Gaal has defended his tactics, citing the need for accuracy and control in the team's play. The statistics show that Burnley have attempted the highest number of long balls out of any team in the Premier League, with a total of 1,734 attempted so far this season. This is a clear indication of the team's direct, physical style of play, which has seen them defy expectations this season by competing in the top-flight after winning promotion last year. Other teams that are high on the list of long ball offenders include West Bromwich Albion, Stoke City and Crystal Palace. These teams are known for their physical playing style and emphasis on set pieces, which often involve the use of long balls. However, some fans have criticized this style of play as being boring and lacking in creativity. The revelation about United's long ball tactics has come amid speculation about the team's transfer plans in the January transfer window. Fans are eagerly anticipating news of new signings, with United known for their big spending in the transfer market. Click here for LIVE Manchester United transfer news. Despite the criticism, Van Gaal has remained resolute in his tactics and his belief in the team's abilities. He has stressed the importance of playing to the team's strengths, and has shown confidence in his players to execute the long ball strategy effectively. Whether or not this strategy will prove successful in the long run remains to be seen, but United fans will be hoping to see more of the free-flowing attacking football that the team has become known for in the past.