article: In his first public comments since the election, Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid Wednesday pledged cooperation with Republicans when they take Senate control in January. But he also didn't hide his disdain for past GOP tactics. Reid pointedly promised not to engage in a "strategy of obstruction," which he has accused Republicans of pursuing while Democrats were in charge. "I am ready to work with him in good faith to make this institution function for the American people," Reid said while standing across the aisle from Sen. Mitch McConnell, who will take over as the next majority leader.  "I saw first hand how a strategy of obstruction was debilitating to our system.  I have no desire to engage in that manner." Reid said he was ready to get past the election loss. "I've always believed it's wise to follow Will Rogers' admonition: "Don't let yesterday use up too much of today."  We have a lot of work to do and no time to linger on the past," Reid said in floor remarks at the beginning of the lame duck session. Despite the tough rhetoric, Reid also complimented McConnell and said he holds him in the "highest regards." For his part, McConnell sounded emboldened when making his opening statement on the floor, immediately after Reid spoke. "Last week the American people sent a strong message to Washington.  They voted for a new direction.  They called for a change in the way we do things in the Senate and they sent a new team to Washington to carry their wishes forward," he said.  "We plan to do just that. Referring to President Barack Obama's expected controversial executive orders on immigration, McConnell said, "The actions of the next few weeks could help set a tone of the next Congress." "President Obama has a duty to help build the trust we all need to move forward together, not to double down on old ways of doing business," he said. After both men spoke, they turned to each other and shook hands, something they don't do very often. Reid then slung his arm around McConnell's shoulders and they stared down at the floor together, sharing a few words. As they turned to leave, McConnell took Reid's forearm and gave it a light tug, as if to say to affirm a personal bond despite their hardened political opposition.
highlights: Harry Reid spoke on the Senate floor for the first time since the election . Reid: 'I am ready to work' with Mitch McConnell .
id: 8658f5b40f1a66f0324a12a560b21ac8be45f7cc
chatgpt: Former Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid made a comeback to the Senate floor on Monday, marking his first appearance since Joe Biden won the presidential election. Despite his retirement in 2017, Reid returned to the floor with a message and a renewed sense of purpose. Reid expressed a desire to build bridges with his former colleague, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. "I am ready to work with him on the common good of this country," he said. During his speech, Reid also touched on the current state of the country and the challenges it is facing. "I am deeply concerned about our country," he said, "but I have an unwavering faith in the American people." Reid's remarks were met with mixed reactions from his former colleagues. While many praised his willingness to work across the aisle, some criticized his previous efforts to push through Democratic policies during his time as Senate leader. Regardless of the reaction, Reid's return to the Senate floor signals a potential shift in the political climate. As the country continues to grapple with the COVID-19 pandemic, economic turmoil, and political division, it has become increasingly clear that cooperation and compromise will be essential for moving forward. Reid's experience and leadership could prove instrumental in this effort. As a member of the Senate for 34 years and the Senate Majority Leader for eight, he has a deep understanding of the legislative process and the nuances of political negotiation. His willingness to work with McConnell suggests that bipartisanship is not only possible, but necessary for the good of the country. In his speech, Reid also made a passionate plea for unity and mutual respect. "We may not always agree on the issues," he said, "but we must respect each other and work towards a common goal." As the country navigates an uncertain future, Reid's call for cooperation and his willingness to lead by example could prove to be a unifying force. With the right leadership and a commitment to working together, America has the potential to rise to the challenges of the present and create a brighter future for all.