article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:57 EST, 9 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:16 EST, 10 December 2012 . A U.S. drone strike has killed a senior al Qaeda leader described as the second in command of the terrorist organisation. Sheik Khalid bin Abdel Rehman al-Hussainan, who was also known as Abu Zaid al-Kuwaiti, was killed when missiles slammed into a house in Pakistan’s tribal region of North Waziristan, near the Afghan border. Al-Kuwaiti appeared in many videos released by Al Qaeda, and was presented as a religious scholar for the militant Islamic group. Death from above: The second in command of Al Qaeda, Abu Zaid al-Kuwaiti, was killed in a drone strike . He had formally replaced Abu Yahya al-Libi, Al Qaeda’s second in command, who was killed in a U.S. drone strike in North Waziristan in June. Al-Kuwaiti appeared to be a less prominent figure than al-Libi, and less of a military commander. His role was more as a scholar developing the group’s ideology and training jihadists. But his death leaves a large hole at the top of the organisation, which has been headed by Ayman al-Zawahiri since the assassination of Osama bin Laden by US special forces last year. Covert CIA drone strikes have killed a series of senior Al Qaeda and Taliban leaders in Pakistan’s tribal region over the past few years. But the attacks are controversial because the secret nature of the program makes it difficult to determine how many civilians are being killed. The second-in-command died when missiles hit his house in the region of North Waziristan near the Afghan border (pictured) Pakistani officials often criticize . the strikes as a violation of the country’s sovereignty, which has . helped make them extremely unpopular in the country. But senior . Pakistani officials are also known to have cooperated with strikes in . the past. Al-Kuwaiti’s wife . and daughter were wounded in Thursday’s drone attack, according to . Pakistani intelligence officials. His wife died a day later at a . hospital. Al-Kuwaiti was buried in Tappi village in North Waziristan on Friday, the officials said. A Pakistani Taliban commander in the area told the Associated Press that local fighters were ‘very aggrieved’ and that they had lost a ‘big leader’. Many analysts believe the biggest threat now comes from Al Qaeda franchises in places like Yemen and Somalia rather than the traditional base of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
highlights: Abu Zaid al-Kuwaiti killed in Pakistan's tribal region of North Waziristan . He was presented as a religious scholar for militant Islamic group . His wife died and daughter was wounded as a result of the drone attack .
id: 63ac2b5a4f99e01f1ba75fa357c0722b108dac12
chatgpt: In a covert operation carried out by the United States on Tuesday, Abu Zaid al-Kuwaiti was killed in Pakistan's tribal region of North Waziristan. He was believed to be a senior figure in a militant Islamic group and was presented as a religious scholar. The drone attack also resulted in the death of his wife and injury to his daughter. According to local sources, the drone strike occurred in the Shawal Valley of North Waziristan. The explosion was so intense that it destroyed the house where Abu Zaid was staying with his family. Abu Zaid was known to be close to the top leadership of the militant group and was responsible for its propaganda efforts. His death is a significant blow to the organization and is expected to disrupt its operations in the region. The use of drones in Pakistan has been a contentious issue for several years. The US has maintained that it uses drones to target militants who pose a threat to American interests in the region. However, there has been significant backlash against the use of drones due to the high number of civilian casualties. In a statement released by the Pakistani government, they condemned the drone attack and stated that it was a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty. They also expressed condolences to the family of Abu Zaid and the other victims of the drone strike. The drone attack has also led to renewed calls for an end to the use of drones in Pakistan. Many activists and human rights groups have criticized the US for its use of drones, citing the high number of civilian casualties and the violation of Pakistan's sovereignty. The use of drones in Pakistan is expected to remain a contentious issue, with the US insisting that they are necessary for maintaining national security, while critics maintain that they are a violation of human rights. Abu Zaid's death is a significant blow to the militant group and is expected to disrupt its operations in the region. However, it remains to be seen whether the use of drones will be an effective strategy in the fight against militancy in Pakistan or whether it will continue to be a source of controversy and tension between the US and Pakistan.