article: (CNN) -- A major Defense Department contractor has ordered its employees in Iraq to turn in their personal cell phones because "of a safety and security concern." KBR says, "Any individual using a personal cell phone will be disciplined." Houston, Texas-based KBR Inc., formerly Kellogg Brown & Root, issued a statement saying the company had sent a message with the order to its Iraq employees, but it did not explain the concern that prompted it. "The matter giving rise to this message is still being reviewed by KBR management, so the company will not provide further comment at this time," the statement said. According to an e-mail obtained by CNN, the company issued the order to all KBR employees in Iraq, Afghanistan and Kuwait -- although in its communications with CNN, the company specified only Iraq. In the e-mail, employees are ordered to stop using their cell phones as of 8 a.m. Saturday and turn them in to the company's human resources department. "Any individual using a personal cell phone will be disciplined," the e-mail says. "Termination is an option of discipline. The cell phone will be confiscated." According to the e-mail, employees will be given a receipt when they turn in their phones, which will be returned to them "when the individual departs the site." Haris Memisevic, the KBR quality manager in Afghanistan who forwarded the e-mail to some employees, said he could not discuss the matter and referred calls to KBR's legal department. A KBR employee, who asked to remain anonymous, said he was "not aware of any security breaches involving the use of cell phones" and that employees were not given any reason for the order. He said he has no plans to comply and believes his personal security would be at risk without his cell phone. "KBR has a communication system, but as with any system it does fail and we can only communicate with another installation by use of the cell phones," he said. "We pay for this use with our own funds." Some corporate employees have company-provided cell phones, he said, but at his location there is only one company-provided phone for use if the communication system fails. He said the U.S. Army confiscates cell phones from Afghans who work at military installations and returns them when they finish their daily duties. An Army spokesman told CNN on Saturday that the order is strictly a KBR initiative.
highlights: Defense contractor KBR Inc. tells workers to turn in personal phones . Source says order applies to KBR employees in Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait . Nature of security threat is not specified; KBR says matter is being investigated .
id: d16140189e9b0a0c1b93b2debd654464a6b2bd81
chatgpt: Defense contractor KBR Inc. has instructed its employees stationed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Kuwait to turn in their personal phones, according to an inside source. The exact nature of the security threat that prompted the directive has not been revealed, but KBR has reported that it is currently being investigated. KBR is one of the largest defense contractors in the world, providing a range of services to the United States military, including engineering, logistics, and support services in war zones. The company has faced security threats in the past, including a 2004 bombing at one of its facilities in Iraq that killed 22 people, including employees and soldiers. KBR has not released a statement regarding the directive to turn in personal phones, but the move is raising questions and concerns among employees and experts. Some are speculating that the security threat could be related to espionage or hacking attempts. Others are questioning why KBR has not provided more information to its employees and the public. The decision to require employees to turn in their personal phones is a drastic move, especially since communication with loved ones is crucial for morale in a war zone. Employees are worried about the impact the directive will have on their ability to stay connected with family and friends while deployed. KBR has faced criticism in the past for its handling of security issues, and this latest move is likely to fuel further scrutiny. Critics are questioning whether KBR is taking appropriate measures to protect its employees, or if the company is simply overreacting to a perceived threat. Some experts are suggesting that KBR may be responding to a specific incident or threat that has not been made public. Others are noting that the directive could be a preventative measure, aimed at protecting sensitive information and preventing unauthorized access to KBR's systems. Whatever the nature of the security threat, KBR's decision to require employees to turn in their personal phones is a significant development that is likely to have far-reaching consequences. As the investigation into the matter unfolds, many will be watching to see how KBR responds and what actions the company takes to ensure the safety and security of its employees in war zones.