article: By . Lizzie Parry . A six-year-old has been dubbed 'catgirl' after a rare skin disease left her with soft . black fur covering her back. Zhao Xinrui's parents noticed a small patch of discoloured skin on her back about a year ago. As the condition progressed, her horrified mother abandoned her daughter and husband, fleeing the village of Changshan near Luzhou City in southwest China's Sichuan province. Zhao's grandmother, Zhao Henghui, said: 'Doctors told us it was just a birthmark - even when it started spreading - but now it covers half her body.' Zhao Xinrui's parents first noticed a small patch of discoloured skin on their daughter's back around a year ago. Since then soft black fur has grown to cover her entire back and is starting the cover her arms and face . In order to make sure Zhao Xinrui was admitted to the family's local kindergarten, teachers told the other children she had a mole. But she now requires urgent treatment to remove the hair, which covers her entire back and is starting to grow on her arms and face. 'The poor girl - it breaks our hearts to see her suffer like this,' said her father Zhao Lai, 45. He said his wife had abandoned him and his daughter and that he was trying to look after her together with his parents. The three of them had been trying to raise money to pay for treatment. He said: 'We were told that she couldn't have any operation anyway until she got to about five. 'But now she's old enough we don't have the money. The six-year-old's mother abandoned her after discovering the rare condition. Zhao Xinrui's father Zhao Lai, pictured left, and her grandparents are caring for her, trying to raise money for treatment . It is hoped Zhao Xinrui, pictured with her grandmother, will be able to have an operation soon, where doctors plan to replace the hairy skin with healthy skin from other parts of the youngster's body . 'Despite the fact that we saved ever since we heard she would need it.' In an interview with local TV, the youngster said her biggest ambition was to be cured so that she could wear summer clothes and even a swimming costume like her pals. The media coverage has inspired some members of the public to donate money and it is now hoped the youngster will be able to get the operation she needs. She has already been sent to the provincial capital Chengdu for medical treatments and the plan is to carry out an operation to try and replace the hairy skin with healthy skin from other parts of her body.
highlights: Zhao Xinrui's parents first noticed a patch of discoloured skin on their daughter's back around a year ago . Horrified at the soft black fur growing up her child's back, her mother abandoned her, fleeing the family home . Zhao Xinrui's whole back is now covered with black hair and it is starting to spread up her arms and face . Needs an urgent operation to replace the hairy skin with healthy grafts from other parts of her body .
id: 250b6d24774c668cc7be7b4682f58d812c591bf7
chatgpt: A young girl's life has been turned upside down after developing a shocking medical condition. Zhao Xinrui, from China, was just a normal girl until her parents noticed a small patch of discoloured skin on her back around a year ago. Shockingly, the condition has now caused soft black fur to grow across her entire back and is now starting to spread to her arms and face. The condition has left the 12-year-old girl feeling ostracized and alienated from society. To compound the issue, her own mother abandoned her and fled their home when she first saw the black fur. The abandonment has only worsened the psychological and emotional trauma that Xinrui is already experiencing. After seeking medical help, doctors discovered that the condition is a rare genetic mutation that has resulted in hypertrichosis – a medical condition that causes abnormal hair growth. The treatment is complex and expensive – an urgent operation is required to replace the hairy skin with healthy grafts from other parts of her body. However, Xinrui's family is not financially capable of bearing the costs for such a surgery. The family is now appealing to kind-hearted individuals or organizations for financial assistance to help save their daughter from this terrible condition. They have also reached out to local media to help raise awareness of this rare condition and generate support for their cause. The medical team that is overseeing Xinrui's case has revealed that the surgery will significantly improve her physical appearance and reduce the social stigma that she is experiencing. The medical team also emphasized the importance of social acceptance, stating that Xinrui needs a supportive network of people to help her overcome the adversities that she is facing. The issue of hypertrichosis has gained media attention in the past, with various cases being reported across the world. Most famously, the "Wolf Man" from America suffered from the same condition and lived with it for many years. But in modern medicine, effective treatments have been developed to treat the condition and help patients retain a semblance of normalcy in their lives. Xinrui's condition has been a huge burden on her and her family, but the medical community and the rest of society must do their part to help end her suffering. The medical team has assured Xinrui and her family that the upcoming operation will be a success, but this process will require the joint efforts of many. Donating or raising awareness to support Xinrui and others like her is just one way to help.  In conclusion, Xinrui's medical condition has been devastating to her and her family. However, with the right help, this terrible condition can be treated and Xinrui can lead a happy and normal life. People must be kind-hearted and come together to support Xinrui and the many others suffering from hypertrichosis.