article: By . Jessica Jerreat . A bear cub that was due to be euthanized after biting 14 Missouri university students last weekend has been saved after those it attacked intervened. Boo Boo the bear was part of an entourage of cuddly young animals brought to Washington University in St Louis to help calm the nerves of students before exams. But the youngster was a bit too rough, and ended up causing fears of a rabies outbreak after nipping some students so hard that it broke their skin. Saved: Boo Boo the bear cub was due to be euthanized after biting 14 Washington University students . Because the two-month-old cub had been born in the wild, the university feared it may have been carrying the deadly virus, but the only way to be sure was to carry out tests after it had been euthanized. When students heard that Boo Boo's life was hanging in the balance however, they pleaded to save the cub's life and offered to have rabies vaccinations themselves rather than let the bear be killed. Student Kaity Cullen told Fox 2: 'I think most people right now are upset because to test the bear they have to euthanize it. 'Even being bitten, I would rather just go get the shots, and that appears to be the overwhelming opinion among the students.' The bear cub was brought to campus last weekend as part of an annual event in which a selection of animals from Cindy's Zoo are made available to students. Boo Boo hadn't been listed on the zoo's website as being among the 'animal friends' taken on the visits, and university officials said they weren't told in advance that a bear would be on campus. Usually, the mobile petting zoo consists of a baby camel, llama, farmyard animals and, occasionally, an armadillo. Best behavior: Boo Boo looks like the perfect guest as he is fed by a student at Washington University last weekend . The university announced on Friday that officials had decided against euthanizing the cub, and said they no longer believed he posed a threat. 'We are thrilled that this very unfortunate situation has come to the best possible conclusion for everyone involved - our students, our community and the bear cub,' university spokeswoman Susan Killenberg McGinn said. The campus's Twitter account also announced that Boo Boo would be saved, sending out a tweet on Friday afternoon that read: 'Bear cub does not pose rabies threat, students do not need treatment, cub will be spared.'
highlights: Two-month-old bear was part of petting zoo that visits MIssouri university during finals week . Students campaigned to save cub's life after health officials planned to euthanize the animal .
id: 2a01a202e66b6494c1ee6cc7bc025ef6def6765f
chatgpt: A two-month-old bear cub is alive today thanks to the efforts of a group of Missouri students who rallied around the animal. The cub was part of a petting zoo that visited the university during finals week, but when health officials discovered the animal had been in contact with a rabid bat, they moved to euthanize it. The students had other ideas. They started a campaign to save the cub's life and gained widespread support from their fellow students and the local community. They argued that the cub had not displayed any symptoms of rabies and should be given a chance to live. Their efforts paid off when health officials agreed to test the cub for rabies instead of automatically euthanizing it. The test results came back negative, and the cub was allowed to live. The students' campaign was a heartwarming example of how a community can come together to save a life. It also raises important questions about the use of animals in petting zoos and similar attractions. While petting zoos can be fun and educational, they also pose a risk to both humans and animals. As this case shows, animals in petting zoos can come into contact with diseases and parasites that can be harmful and even deadly. In addition, petting zoos often keep animals in cramped and stressful conditions, which can cause them to become sick or agitated. It's important that animals in these situations receive proper care and are not subjected to unnecessary stress and suffering. Despite these concerns, the popularity of petting zoos and similar attractions continues to grow. As more and more people seek out new and unique experiences, it's likely that we'll continue to see these types of attractions pop up at fairs, festivals, and other events. At the same time, it's important that we remain vigilant about the welfare of the animals involved. We owe it to them to make sure they are kept in safe and healthy conditions and are not subjected to unnecessary harm or stress. In the case of the bear cub at the Missouri university, the students' actions show that it is possible to make a difference and save a life. It's a reminder that each of us has the power to create positive change in the world around us. By working together and standing up for what we believe in, we can make a real difference in the lives of animals and people alike.