article: The man who fired Borussia Dortmund to the Champions League final just two seasons ago says he expects his former side to be back in Europe's elite next season. Robert Lewandowski scored against his old club as Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Jurgen Klopp's struggling side. But the Polish striker insists Dortmund, who are currently in the relegation zone after losing five of their previous six Bundesliga games, will catch up with their rivals. Robert Lewandowski shakes hands with his former manager Jurgen Klopp after Bayern Munich's win . Lewandowski points to the sky after scoring against his old club, but says it wasn't a celebration . Dortmund are struggling in the Bundesliga this season, but Lewandowski has backed them to turn it around . 'I know BVB are still a great team,' said Lewandowski after the game. 'They're struggling at the moment. 'But I expect them to come catch up again and I know they will play in the Champions League again next season.' Lewandowski's goal, which cancelled out Marco Reus' first-half header, was his first against Dortmund since joining German champions Bayern this summer. Despite the tough start, Lewandowski thinks his former club will make next season's Champions League . Arjen Robben's penalty inflicted a fifth defeat in six league games on Klopp's relegation-threatened side . Marco Reus had given the visitors the lead in the first half with this excellent header . And while the striker pointed to the sky after finding the net he insisted it was not a celebration against his former employers. 'It was not an easy game - for me, either,' he said. 'I did not celebrate  but it was an important goal and it was a goal for my dad. 'We were not perfect during the first half but the only important thing is that we got the three points.'
highlights: Borussia Dortmund have lost five of their last six league games . Jurgen Klopp's side in relegation zone after 2-1 defeat to Bayern Munich . Former Dortmund striker Lewandowski scored Bayern's equaliser . Lewandowski says he did not celebrate the 'important' goal . But Polish striker insists his former club will bounce back .
id: 9eecf57e08a6b3442d45344197d32caf9ab7c396
chatgpt: Borussia Dortmund's recent struggles continued as they suffered their fifth defeat in their last six league games. The latest setback came in the form of a 2-1 defeat to Bayern Munich, a result that sees Jurgen Klopp's side in the relegation zone. Former Dortmund striker Robert Lewandowski was once again a thorn in the side of his former employers, scoring Bayern's equalizer after Marco Reus had given Dortmund the lead. Despite his importance to Bayern's success, Lewandowski insists he did not celebrate that "important" goal out of respect for his former club. Speaking after the game, Lewandowski expressed his belief that Dortmund will bounce back from this difficult spell. "Dortmund will always be a great club, with great fans and great players," he said. "They just need to find their way again, and I'm sure they will." It's been a remarkable fall from grace for Dortmund, a team that was once considered one of the best in Europe. Now, they are battling for survival in the Bundesliga, and their once-legendary home fortress of Signal Iduna Park has become a place of anxiety and tension. Klopp, for his part, remains defiant in the face of this adversity. "We need to keep fighting," he said after the Bayern game. "We can't give up now. We have to show the world that we are still Borussia Dortmund, and that we will never back down, no matter what." But the truth is that times are tough at Dortmund, and Klopp faces a monumental task to turn things around. They have quality players in their ranks, but lack the confidence and cohesion that made them such a force just a few years ago. Whether they can muster the spirit and determination to climb out of the relegation zone remains to be seen. But one thing is for sure: the road to recovery starts now, and there can be no more slip-ups if they are to survive this tumultuous period in their history.