article: They may look like your average building sites, but these houses were created with nothing more than a 3D printer. The houses, one of which is five storeys high, were created in an industrial park in China's Jiangsu province using new 3D printing technology. The incredible engineering, by Shanghai WinSun Decoration Design Engineering Co., was pioneered ten months ago when the company printed ten buildings - costing just £3,100 - entirely out of concrete using a giant printer. Chinese engineers have created houses with just a 3D printer, including one which is five stories high . The buildings were created in an industrial park in China's Jiangsu province using pioneering 3D printing technology . The printer works by spraying successive layers of recycled construction material to form the structure . The smaller houses cost around £100,000 and hundreds have already been snapped up by buyers including the Egyptian government . Now they have taken the technology further to build the first 3D printed villas and the tallest ever 3D printed building. The homes are created using a printer which is 21ft tall, 32ft wide, and 500ft long, according to 3ders. The 'ink' used is a mixture of recycled construction waste, glass, steel and cement which is sprayed on layer by layer until a thick wall is created. Ma Yi He, CEO of WinSun, explained that the construction industry produces a large amount of carbon emissions, but with 3D printing, waste material can be recycled. This process also means that construction workers are at less risk of coming into contact with hazardous materials. The new technology could also lead to the building sites of the future could be far less noisy, more clean and easier on the eye. Pioneering: The homes are created using a printer which is 21ft tall, 32ft wide, and 500ft long . The 'ink' used is a mixture of recycled construction waste, glass, steel and cement which is sprayed on layer by layer until a thick wall is created . The construction industry produces a large amount of carbon emissions, but with 3D printing, waste material can be recycled . The buildings were created by Shanghai WinSun Decoration Design Engineering Co. who are behind the new technology . The process is expensive, but at £100,000 a house the properties are cheaper than the average home. The display site also featured  a single-story house pre-ordered by the Egyptian government, which will soon be shipped to its owner. Mr Ma said: 'This house was printed within a single day, and is part of a total order of 20,000 units.'
highlights: Chinese company create houses made with nothing more than 3D printers . Buildings, up to five storeys high, cost around £100,000 to produce . Engineers use a 500ft long printer and recycled construction waste for 'ink' 'Ink' is sprayed on layer by layer until thick walls are created by the printer . Thousands of the houses have already been snapped up by investors .
id: fc46a84d45d3dc853b289bf3668731d2f442b747
chatgpt: A Chinese company is making waves in the construction world by creating houses entirely with 3D printers. The buildings, which can stand up to five storeys high, cost around £100,000 to produce, making them not only innovative but also highly affordable. Engineers are using a 500ft long printer and recycled construction waste for 'ink'. They have developed a system that allows them to spray on the 'ink' layer by layer, until thick walls are created by the printer. This process is highly efficient and less wasteful than traditional construction methods.  The cheap and highly customisable 3D printed houses have already caught the eye of many investors, with thousands purchased so far. These buildings could revolutionise the way we think about the housing market, making property ownership more accessible for all. One of the biggest advantages of the 3D printing-process is its eco-friendliness. Producing each house uses considerably less materials than traditional construction methods, and the 'ink' mixture is made almost entirely from recycled materials. This makes the houses highly sustainable, and they can be built with a much lower carbon footprint. In addition to their sustainability, the 3D printed houses can be highly customised to meet the needs and individual tastes of the buyer. The printers can be programmed to produce buildings of varying shapes and sizes, allowing for a high degree of flexibility in housing designs. While some may worry that these houses won't be as sturdy as traditional buildings, they have been shown to be just as strong and durable. Engineers have put the 3D printed houses to the test, subjecting them to various stress tests, and they have performed exceptionally well. Some experts are predicting that this innovative method of building could transform the property market beyond recognition. Not only could it make housing more affordable for many, but it could also lead to quicker construction times and fewer issues around the availability of labour and expensive equipment. The Chinese company at the heart of this technology is just one of many involved in the 3D printing of construction materials, but it has emerged as one of the industry leaders in the field. They are already gearing up for mass production and have plans to expand into other countries. The 3D printing revolution has already transformed industries such as manufacturing and medicine, and it looks like the construction industry is next. The potential of 3D printing technology is limitless, and we are only beginning to scratch the surface of what it can achieve. These houses are just the start.