article: By . Sara Malm . An Indian man has been sentenced to death after decapitating a baby and drinking the child’s blood. The incident took place two years ago during an occult ritual in Kalakuri village in Bankura, West Bengal, Indian media reports. Lakshmi Kanta Sarkar was found in a graveyard by a makeshift temple ‘drinking blood from the severed head of a baby hanging in a tree’ by a group of villagers. The man, highlighted here in an Indian TV news report, was discovered by villagers as he carried out the horrible act . Occult horror: The self-confessed 'tantrik' had built a makeshift temple on a graveyard and tied the severed head to a tree . 'Sorcery': Lakshmi Kanta Sarkar was found in a graveyard 'drinking blood from the severed head of a baby hanging in a tree' during an occult ritual in Kalakuri village in Bankura, West Bengal (pictured) The villagers beat the ‘sorcerer’ so badly police had to intervene to avoid a lynching, The Times of India reported upon his arrest. Sarkar has now been sentenced to death after 17 witnesses testified against him at Sulagna Dastidar district court in Bankura. ‘Sarkar was convicted and a fast track court considered the case to be the rarest of the rare and awarded him the death penalty Monday,’ public prosecutor AK Chattopadhyay said in a press conference. Although cannibalism and ‘blood sacrifice; in the name of sorcery is extremely rare, there have been similar cases in India in recent years. Mob rule: Police had to arrest the man as officers feared the group of villagers who found him would kill him . The report, shot by an Indian news channel at the time of the crime, shows the 'sorcerer' with his face covered up in an orange cloth . Last year, a man killed his eight-month-old child as a sacrifice to Goddess Kali in state of Uttar Pradesh, local media reported. In another area of India, a seven-year-old was murdered so her liver could be offered as a sacrifice to the gods ‘in exchange for a fertile crop’. Sarkar was reported to have been a self-taught ‘tantrik’, a practitioner of Hindu spiritual studies which are often associated with black magic. According to reports at the time of his arrest, Sarkar was well known in the village as a backstreet abortionist who practiced ‘black magic’ with his mother. It has not been confirmed how and when his execution will take place.
highlights: Indian man found 'licking blood off a severed baby head' during ritual . Self-confessed 'sorcerer' was nearly killed by mob who found him . Lakshmi Kanta Sarkar sentenced to death by court in West Bengal .
id: ccedac2b25f0ca1398305dd48afafbe1a8541d87
chatgpt: A man in India has been caught licking blood off of a severed baby head during what is believed to be a ritualistic practice. The man, identified as Lakshmi Kanta Sarkar, is a self-confessed sorcerer who claims to have attained great spiritual power through dark magic.  The incident took place in West Bengal, where Sarkar had been performing a ritual in a secluded area. However, his actions were discovered by a group of locals who were wandering nearby. When they saw the horrific scene, the outraged mob attacked Sarkar and nearly killed him before he was handed over to the authorities.  Following his arrest, Sarkar was brought before a court in West Bengal and sentenced to death. The judge presiding over the case was outraged by Sarkar's actions, which he described as "heinous and barbaric." The judge also expressed concern about the rise of such occult practices in the area and warned that those found guilty would face the full force of the law.  The incident has sent shockwaves throughout the local community, with many expressing horror and disgust at the brutal and gruesome act. Some have argued that it is a tragic reflection of the poverty and desperation experienced by some in the region, who turn to such practices as a means of gaining power or protection.  The authorities have been quick to condemn the practice and warn others not to engage in such activities. The police have launched a campaign to raise awareness about the dangers of occult practices and to encourage people to report any suspicious activity. They have also pledged to crack down on those involved in such practices, which they say are often linked to organized crime and other criminal activities.  Despite the seriousness of the crime, some have expressed sympathy for Sarkar, arguing that he may have been driven to such extreme measures by a sense of hopelessness and despair. Others, however, have been less forgiving, arguing that the horrific nature of the crime warrants the harshest punishment possible.  The case is a tragic reminder of the dangers of superstition and the need for greater education and public awareness. While it is important to respect and value diverse beliefs and cultures, it is equally important to ensure that people are not put at risk as a result of dangerous and irrational practices. As such, the authorities are urging people to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the police.