article: Up to 600,000 would-be migrants are in position to set sail from North Africa, in an onslaught on Europe’s coastline, the Italian government has warned. Italy, with its southernmost province just 80 miles from Libya, is the gateway for thousands of clandestine migrants washing up on Europe’s shores, since the Arab Spring left swathes of Northern Africa in chaos. More than 40,000 made the crossing last year, many on overcrowded and dangerous wooden boats. Investigators estimate that 20 per cent ultimately end up in Britain. Migration: A boat with African migrants  spotted by the Navy at sea near Lampedusa, Italy, in February this year, where hundreds of thousands are set to follow this summer . Italy’s Home Secretary Angelino Alfano said: ‘According to our information between 300,000 and 600,000 people are on the other side of the Mediterranean on the North African coastline, waiting to cross sooner or later.’ Speaking at a conference on immigration in Palermo he said that Italy would 'fight' the rising tide. ‘The frontiers of the Mediterranean are European and we must all protect them,’ he added. In the first three months of this year 11,000 have landed in Italy, a seven-fold increase on last year, with the season for crossings about to begin as the weather improves. The boom, he said, was as a result of the instability of the regimes in Sub-Saharan Africa and the growing strength of criminal organisations and traffickers. Italy is the gateway for thousands of clandestine migrants washing up on Europe¿s shores, seen here are a group of north-African asylum-seekers rescued by the coast guard in 2013 . Risky journey: More than 40,000 immigrants made the crossing into Italy last year, many on overcrowded and dangerous wooden boats (stock image) At present clandestine migrants landing in the EU are obliged to remain in the country where they first seek asylum. But southern Mediterranean counties have complained that just six or seven EU members including Greece and Malta bear the brunt of ‘boat people’ washing up on their shores. Italy planned to use its presidency of the EU starting this year to have the rules modified so that migrants can proceed to northern Europe, Mr Alfano said. Last year following the tragic shipwreck off the island of Lampedusa, that claimed more than 300 lives, European ministers were asked to pitch in to lend ships and aircraft to EU border agency Frontex to help stem the tide of migrants.
highlights: Several hundred thousand migrants set to enter Europe, Italy warns . 'Up to 600,000 ready to set sail' from North Africa this summer . Of the 40,000 who crossed into Europe last year, 20 per cent came to UK .
id: a665afeb87bedfe93d12c2311d0d08a61b0dc790
chatgpt: Italy has issued a warning that several hundred thousand migrants could be on their way to Europe from North Africa this summer. The Italian government has stated that as many as 600,000 migrants are ready to set sail, which would represent a significant increase in numbers compared to previous years. Last year, around 40,000 migrants crossed into Europe, with 20% of them coming to the UK. However, this year's predicted influx could make those figures pale in comparison. The warning from Italy comes as a result of rising tensions between some European Union (EU) member states over how best to deal with the migrant crisis. Although the crisis has been ongoing for several years, it has not gone away. The situation has remained a major point of contention between countries within the EU. Italy has been dealing with the issue on its own for several years but has grown increasingly frustrated with the lack of support from its fellow EU member states. The influx of migrants has also created significant problems for the country, including overburdened cities and a struggling economy. The announcement from Italy is likely to further exacerbate tensions between EU countries over the migrant crisis. Some countries have been reluctant to take on the burden of dealing with the issue, arguing that it should be the responsibility of the EU as a whole. Others have been taking a tougher line, with countries like Hungary and Poland opposing any attempts to share the burden of dealing with migration. The UK has also been dealing with its own uncertainties around migration, with Brexit negotiations ongoing. Many have speculated that the UK's departure from the EU will lead to a significant decrease in the number of migrants entering the country. However, the situation remains uncertain, and the predicted increase in numbers this summer could add further pressure to an already strained system. In summary, Italy has issued a warning that a significant number of migrants could be on their way to Europe from North Africa this summer. The predicted influx could create challenges for EU member states already struggling with the migrant crisis. It is a reminder that the issue is ongoing and divisive within Europe, and that more needs to be done to find a solution that works for all involved.