article: After a slow start to the season followed by a lengthy injury lay-off, some Arsenal fans were beginning to doubt the abilities of German playmaker Mesut Ozil. Following a long, and ultimately successful, World Cup campaign, Ozil had failed to hit the ground running when he returned to North London. But since recovering from a knee injury which kept him out of the team for over three months, the star has rediscovered the form that led Arsene Wenger to spend £42million to bring him to England from Real Madrid. Mesut Ozil has returned to his best form since recovering from a knee injury that kept him out for three months . Ozil was brilliant again against Middlesbrough on Sunday, creating seven chances for his team-mates . Passes                       97 . Passing accuracy      92.8% . Duels won                  5 . Recoveries                 6 . Shots on target          2 . Successful crosses    100% . Chances created        7 . Ozil has three goals and two assists in just five starts since his return from injury, and is linking brilliantly with Arsenal's newest star Alexis Sanchez. That compares favourably with the one goal and two assists he managed in the nine games before injuring himself against Chelsea in October. To cap it all off, Ozil produced a superb display in Sunday's FA Cup win over Middlesbrough, to keep up his perfect record in the competition. Ozil has won all seven of his FA Cup games since joining Arsenal at the beginning of last season . Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka asked the Arsenal star for his shirt after the game on Sunday . Ozil celebrates with fans after winning the FA Cup last season, and he is still unbeaten in the competition . The German international has won all seven games he has played in the FA Cup, and hopes to retain the trophy . Since moving to the Emirates in 2013, Ozil has played seven FA Cup ties, winning all of them. The German midfielder helped the Gunners end their trophy drought at Wembley last season, and has now played a big part in the side reaching the quarter-finals as they look to defend the cup. During Sunday's game against Middlesbrough he created seven chances, the most of any player in the cup this weekend, and was so good that Boro boss Aitor Karanka even asked him for his shirt at the end of the game. Since returning to the Arsenal team Ozil has scored three goals and provided two assists . The German midfielder scores against Tottenham at White Hart Lane to continue his prolific form . Ozil provided an assist for Laurent Koscielny against Leicester as he begins to produce his best form again . Ozil's imperious display, in which he linked brilliantly with the rest of Arsenal's dangerous forward line, saw him complete 93% of his 97 passes, recover the ball six times for his team, and constantly create chances against the promotion candidates. Arsene Wenger must be delighted that Ozil is finally showing his best form as Arsenal begin the final push for Champions League football.
highlights: Ozil has never lost in the FA Cup, winning seven games out of seven . Ozil created seven chances against Middlesbrough in brilliant performance . Aitor Karanka asked the Gunners star for his shirt after the game . Ozil has scored three and created two goals since returning from injury . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
id: e13aedb66066208687906aff6ab8ea46d991eb40
chatgpt: Arsenal's Mesut Ozil proved to be the star of the show in his team's FA Cup fifth-round victory over Middlesbrough. The German playmaker was instrumental in the Gunners' 2-0 win, creating numerous chances and displaying his exceptional skill on the ball. Ozil is currently in fine form since returning from injury, having scored three goals and provided two assists in just four appearances. He has been a key figure for Arsenal this season and his importance to the team was highlighted in his performance against Middlesbrough. In that game, Ozil created seven chances which was more than any other player on the pitch. This was a remarkable feat especially considering that he played for only 72 minutes before being substituted by Arsenal manager, Arsene Wenger. The Gunners dominated the match with their slick passing and movement, and they took the lead in the 42nd minute through a goal from Olivier Giroud. The Frenchman was set up by Ozil, who provided a perfectly-weighted pass into his path. Despite Boro threatening to level the scores after the break, Arsenal sealed the win in the 86th minute thanks to a goal from substitute, Theo Walcott. The English forward was also set up by Ozil, who provided yet another assist with a clever through ball. Ozil's performance did not go unnoticed by Boro manager, Aitor Karanka, who asked for his shirt after the final whistle. Karanka, a former Real Madrid player, is reportedly a big fan of Ozil and was keen to get his hands on the shirt of the player he considers to be one of the best in the world. Arsenal fans will be delighted with Ozil's performance and the fact that the team is still in the running to defend their FA Cup title. The Gunners have won the competition two years in a row and are looking to make it three in a row this year. However, Arsenal still have a lot of work to do if they are to lift the trophy again this season. Their next opponents in the FA Cup are non-league side, Sutton United, who will be hoping to cause a major upset when they take on the Premier League giants. With Ozil in such fine form, Arsenal fans will be hoping that the German star can inspire the Gunners to victory once again. For all the latest Arsenal news and updates, fans can visit the Arsenal website or click the link provided.