article: ASUNCION, Paraguay (CNN)  -- A second woman stepped forward Monday to say that Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo fathered a child out of wedlock when he was a Roman Catholic bishop. Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo says Monday he will comply with justice on the latest paternity allegation. Benigna Leguizamon said Lugo fathered her son in 2002 in the city of San Pedro. She served notice that Lugo has 24 hours to acknowledge paternity or she will take legal action. "I am waiting in good will," she said in an interview on CNN affiliate Telefuturo TV. "But if they don't do something, oh, my God." Lugo, 57, acknowledged last week that he is the father of a 2-year-old child conceived in the months before he stepped down as bishop. He said last week he was making the admission "with the most absolute honesty, transparency and feeling of obligation." Without acknowledging paternity, he expressed similar sentiments Monday about the latest allegation. "We're going to act always in pursuit of the truth ... in this private matter," he said in a nationally televised announcement on Telefuturo. Last week's announcement came after a woman filed suit in a southern Paraguay city seeking a paternity test. "It's true that there was a relationship with Viviana Carrillo," Lugo told reporters, naming the mother. "I assume all the responsibilities that could derive from such an act, recognizing the paternity of the child." Leguizamon, 27, said Monday that last week's announcement had encouraged her to come forth. "When I saw the case with Viviana, I was strengthened to make my accusation," Leguizamon said. She said she made the accusation to help her 6-year-old son, who is starting school. She will ask for a DNA test, she said. In last week's case, Judge Evelyn Peralta said she was treating it routinely. "It is a case like any other, which involves the president and nothing more," she said. "It will be processed at it should be." Some Cabinet members interpreted Lugo's acknowledgment of paternity as an indication of the change he has promised to bring about to achieve greater transparency in the public sector. "This is the Paraguay that we want," said Liz Torres, minister of children's issues. "This is the Paraguay of serious change in which there is no double standard or secrets. It seems to be an example, a very big lesson." But some opposition party members said it appeared that Lugo practically had been forced to acknowledge what happened and that he had not done so willingly. Sen. Julio Cesar Velasquez of the opposition Colorado Party called on the Vatican to excommunicate Lugo. Lugo was made a lay Catholic last year, around the time he assumed the presidency.
highlights: Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo fathered son, woman says . Lugo admitted to fathering another child out of wedlock last week . On latest allegation, Lugo says he'll "act always in pursuit of the truth" Opposition lawmaker urges Vatican to excommunicate Lugo, an ex-Catholic bishop .
id: 6afe91716c2be7db2fb8910ee2b8d0ee083edf39
chatgpt: Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo is under fire once again after a woman came forward claiming he fathered her son while he was still a bishop. This latest allegation comes just a week after Lugo admitted to fathering another child out of wedlock. The woman, identified as Viviana Carrillo, claims that she had a relationship with Lugo when he was still a bishop before he left the priesthood to pursue a career in politics. She says that the two met when she was just 16 years old and that their relationship continued until she became pregnant. She says that Lugo initially denied that he was the father of her child but eventually acknowledged it after a DNA test. Lugo has not yet responded to the latest allegation but last week he issued a public statement admitting to fathering a child out of wedlock with a different woman. In that statement, Lugo apologized for his actions and said that he would take responsibility for his child. Opposition lawmakers have been quick to criticize Lugo and some are calling for him to resign from his position as president. One lawmaker even urged the Vatican to excommunicate Lugo, who was once a Catholic bishop, saying that he has brought shame upon the church. Lugo, for his part, says that he will "act always in pursuit of the truth" and has expressed regret for his past mistakes. He has also promised to continue serving the people of Paraguay to the best of his ability. The latest scandal is just the latest in a series of controversies that have surrounded Lugo since he was elected as president in 2008. His election marked the end of 61 years of one-party rule in Paraguay but his presidency has been plagued by political and economic turmoil. Despite the scandals and the opposition's calls for his resignation, Lugo has said that he has no intention of stepping down. He argues that his personal life should not affect his ability to govern and that he will continue to work to improve the lives of the people of Paraguay. In the meantime, the people of Paraguay are left wondering what the future holds for their country and their president. Will Lugo be able to weather the latest scandal or will it be the final straw that brings down his presidency? Only time will tell.