article: Romania coach Victor Piturca has jumped to the defence of Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches in the wake of criticism from fans and the media following some poor performances for his club in recent weeks. The defender's error gifted Besiktas a last-gasp equaliser in a 1-1 Europa League draw on Thursday and the Romanian was panned for a woeful performance against West Bromwich Albion in his last league appearance two weeks ago. 'Well, he has made some mistakes but it's normal to make mistakes and we shouldn't dramatise it,' Piturca told reporters on Tuesday, four days ahead of an eagerly anticipated Euro 2016 qualifier against neighbours Hungary. Vlad Chiriches (second right, No 6) protests after he gave away a penalty that led to Besiktas' equaliser . 'We should not put him against the wall.' Romania, who failed to qualify for the Euro 2012 finals, began their Group F campaign with a 1-0 win at Greece with Ciprian Marica scoring an early penalty. 'What matters now is what we do against Hungary,' added Piturca, who included eight players from Romanian champions Steaua Bucharest in his squad for qualifiers against the Hungarians and away to Finland next Tuesday. Following the back-to-back underwhelming displays, Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino dropped Chiriches from the squad for the 1-0 league win over Southampton on Sunday. Chiriches was dropped from Tottenham's starting XI for their win over Southampton on Sunday . 'I don't care what Chiriches did at Tottenham,' Piturca, who is expected to join Al Ittihad later this month after holding talks with the Saudi Arabian club, said. 'What interests me is that he plays very well for the national team.' Local media said that Piturca may even consider giving the 24-year-old Chiriches the captain's armband to boost his morale with regular skipper Marica suspended after being sent off in the Greece win. Romania manager Victor Piturca may even consider handing the captain's armband to the Spurs man . 'The coach knows what to do very well,' Chiriches said. 'I'm not thinking who will be the captain. I'm only thinking about my progress and my performance on the field.' Chiriches, capped 25 times by Romania, joined Spurs from Steaua in August 2013.
highlights: Vlad Chiriches set to play for Romania against Hungary on Saturday . Tottenham defender has had a poor start to the season for his club . Romania manager Victor Piturca has backed Chiriches though and he could even captain his country in the absence of suspended Ciprian Marica .
id: e6ad6a78142fedaf55c2ea29767fece5d74f969c
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur defender Vlad Chiriches is set to play for Romania against Hungary on Saturday, despite having a tough start to the season with his club. Romania manager Victor Piturca has backed Chiriches and even suggested that he could captain the team, in the absence of Ciprian Marica who is currently serving a suspension. Chiriches joined Tottenham in the summer of 2013 and was regarded as one of the most promising defenders in Europe. However, his performances have been underwhelming, leading to criticism from fans and pundits alike. The Romanian has often been accused of being too reckless in his tackles and making costly mistakes. Despite his struggles at the club level, Chiriches remains a key player for the Romanian national team. His ability to read the game, make interceptions and provide cover for his teammates has made him a valuable asset for the side. Piturca has been quick to defend Chiriches, emphasizing his importance to the team and his leadership qualities. The Romanian manager believes that the defender can help his side secure a vital win against Hungary and continue their impressive start to their World Cup qualification campaign. The absence of Marica, who is serving a three-match ban for stamping on an opponent during a match against Turkey, has opened the door for Chiriches to lead the team on the field. The Tottenham defender has captained his country before and has demonstrated his ability to galvanize his teammates and provide guidance during tough moments. Chiriches will be hoping to put his club form behind him and show what he is capable of in front of his home crowd. Romania currently sits second in Group F of the World Cup qualifiers, two points behind leaders Denmark, and will be looking to secure three points against Hungary to keep their hopes of qualifying alive. The pressure will be on Chiriches to lead his team to victory, but he has the full support of his manager and teammates. If he can put in a solid performance and help his team secure a win, it could be a turning point in his season and help him regain his confidence at the club level.