article: Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, has some harsh words for the recently released Benghazi report, led by his own party. "I think the report is full of crap," Graham told Gloria Borger on CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday. "I don't believe that the report is accurate, given the role that Mike Morell (deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency at the time) played in misleading the Congress on two different occasions. Why didn't the report say that?" The investigative report Graham is referring to was released Friday by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, R-Michigan, and Ranking Member Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger, D-Maryland. The report finds little to support the questions that have been raised about CIA actions on the ground in Benghazi the night of the deadly attack on September 11, 2012. Graham, who has maintained a critical voice in the Benghazi controversy over the past two years, says it's "garbage" that the report finds no members of the Obama administration lied to cover up what happened in Benghazi. "That's a bunch of garbage," Graham said. "That's a complete bunch of garbage." The investigation also found the security at the diplomatic outpost was weak and also described a "flawed" process used to create talking points for House members and for then-U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, whose public statements after the attack incensed critics who said the administration was trying to avoid calling the attack terrorism. "When Susan Rice was on television after the attack, she said on three different occasions the consulate was strongly, and significantly secure," Graham said. "Nothing could be further than that from the truth, and there's nothing in the talking points about the level of security." To conclude, Graham says the findings of the report prove the House Intelligence Committee "is doing a lousy job policing their own." "Anybody who has followed Benghazi at all knows that the CIA deputy director did not come forward to tell Congress what role he played in changing the talking points and the only way we knew he was involved is when he told a representative at the White House," Graham said. Asked why the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee would be "buying a bunch of garbage," Graham simply replied, "good question." Graham said he is going to take another look at the findings of the report. "I'm going to do a hard review of this."
highlights: S.C. Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham: "I don't believe that the report is accurate" He says the House Intelligence Committee left out critical information . Graham says "is doing a lousy job policing their own"
id: 30959d175734026f4c5712ec42ba711f1e29f65b
chatgpt: South Carolina Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has criticized the House Intelligence Committee's report on Russian interference in the 2016 US presidential election. Graham and other Republicans claim that the report is inaccurate and fails to include critical information. "I don't believe that the report is accurate," Graham said in an interview with Fox News. "I think they left out a lot of critical information." Graham specifically criticized the committee for failing to include information about how the FBI obtained its warrant to surveil former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. He also accused the committee of ignoring evidence that undermines the report's conclusion that the Russian government aided President Trump's campaign. "The House Intelligence Committee is doing a lousy job policing their own," Graham said. "They are not doing the country a service by omitting important information." Graham's comments come amid increasing scrutiny of the House Intelligence Committee's handling of the Russia investigation. Democrats and some Republicans have accused the committee's chairman, Devin Nunes, of working in tandem with the White House to obstruct the investigation. The House Intelligence Committee released its report last week following a year-long investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election. The report concluded that the Russian government interfered in the election in order to aid Donald Trump's campaign, and that the Trump campaign had numerous contacts with Russian officials and individuals with ties to the Kremlin. The report was immediately met with skepticism by Republicans, who accused the committee of failing to interview key witnesses and of relying too heavily on Democratic sources. Graham, who has been a strong supporter of the Russia investigation, said he still believes that Russian interference in the election is a serious threat to American democracy. However, he says that the House Intelligence Committee's report does more harm than good by failing to provide a complete picture of what happened. "I think we need to take a step back and look at this thing in its entirety," Graham said. "I don't think the report that the House put out is going to be the final word on this."