article: Andrew Lloyd Webber's driver was arrested after being caught stealing the Oscar-winning composer's housekeeping cash . Andrew Lloyd Webber's driver was arrested after being caught stealing the Oscar-winning composer's housekeeping cash. Police were called to the theatre impresario's £15million townhouse in Belgravia, central London, on Thursday and led away his 45-year-old driver in handcuffs. The chauffeur, who was wearing a bright purple tie and navy-blue jacket as he was taken to the police car, has now been sacked, according to Lord Lloyd-Webber's company, Really Useful Group. He was arrested on suspicion of 'theft employee' and taken to a nearby police station where he admitted the offence and accepted a caution. A source told The Sun that hundreds of pounds had gone missing from the composer's mansion in recent weeks. Lord Lloyd-Webber, the theatre impresario behind musicals including Cats and Evita, is worth an estimated £640million and was ranked 162 in The Sunday Times' Rich List last year. His annual profits were boosted by the success of his Charlie And The Chocolate Factory musical, as pre-tax profits of Really Useful Investments were raised to £6.2million  to June 2014. The composer's revival of Cats, the musical, starring Nicole Scherzinger is set to extend its West End run with 100,000 extra tickets after 'extraordinary' demand from a new generation of fans. He recently said of the former Pussycat Doll, 'I think she is the real deal, the absolute real deal. 'She is what you might call an American theatre babe. I do believe she is the most exciting musical theatre artist I have found – well, that I have worked with – in very, very many years. I really do.' Lord Lloyd-Webber was recently named among a string of celebrities including David Beckham and Bob Geldof who are facing having to pay the taxman a total of £1billion in a dispute over a suspected tax avoidance scheme. Police were called to the theatre impresario's £15 million townhouse in Belgravia, central London, on Thursday and led away his 45-year-old driver in handcuffs . His annual profits were boosted by the success of his Charlie And The Chocolate Factory musical . The composer told the Sunday Times he was advised that he was being 'almost philanthropic by investing in the British film industry, and that this was a scheme to promote British films', adding: 'At no time did I consider it solely a tax scheme.' He lives in his Belgravia townhouse with his third wife, Madeleine Gurdon, a former equestrian sportswoman. A Met Police spokesman said: 'Police were called to reports of a theft at an address in SW1 at 1.20pm on Thursday 5 February. 'A 45-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft employee and was taken into police custody. He was cautioned and there will not be a court appearance.' Lord Lloyd-Webber's spokesman refused to comment. The composer's revival of Cats, the musical, starring Nicole Scherzinger (pictured with Lewis Hamilton) is set to extend its West End run .
highlights: Lord Lloyd Webber's driver led away in handcuffs from Belgravia house . Chauffeur arrested on suspicion of theft and cautioned at police station . He was sacked according to Lloyd-Webber's Really Useful Group Ltd . A source said hundreds of pounds had gone missing from £15m mansion . The composer behind musicals Cats and Evita is worth estimated £640m .
id: 0e45741207f34486a6aaefc00da533668cebd03a
chatgpt: Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber's driver was arrested on suspicion of theft from the composer's £15 million mansion in Belgravia. The incident occurred when Lord Lloyd Webber noticed that hundreds of pounds had gone missing from his home. The composer then reported the matter to the police, who arrested the chauffeur on suspicion of theft. The driver, whose identity has not been released, was promptly sacked following the arrest. A spokesperson for the composer’s Really Useful Group Ltd confirmed that the driver has been dismissed for his alleged involvement in the theft. According to sources, the chauffeur was led away in handcuffs from Lord Lloyd Webber’s Belgravia house and was cautioned after being taken to the police station. Although no charges were filed, the police are still investigating the matter. A source close to the incident said that Lord Lloyd Webber was "disappointed" about the situation. The renowned composer, who is behind popular musicals such as Cats and Evita, has an estimated net worth of £640 million. The theft of money is not the only theft that the composer has had to deal with in recent months. In June, Lord Lloyd Webber's art collection was targeted by thieves who stole several valuable items from his home. The stolen items, which included art pieces and antiques, were estimated to be worth over £750,000. The composer has also been dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused a major disruption to the theater industry. Many of his West End and Broadway shows have been canceled or postponed due to the ongoing crisis. Lord Lloyd Webber has been an important figure in the theater industry for decades, and his contributions to musical theater have earned him numerous honors and awards. His really useful group is a leading theater company in the UK, producing and managing many successful musical shows. In conclusion, the arrest of Lord Lloyd Webber's driver on suspicion of theft is a blow to the composer and his team. Although the driver has been dismissed, the police investigation into the matter continues to determine the full extent of the alleged theft. It is an unfortunate situation for Lord Lloyd Webber, who will need to focus on dealing with the fallout from the incident while continuing to manage and produce his successful musical shows.