article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 12:28 EST, 4 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:14 EST, 4 November 2013 . Trial: Anxiang Du today pleaded not guilty to murder at Northampton Crown Court . A Chinese businessman today pleaded not guilty to killing a family of four as he appeared in the dock charged with murder. Anxiang Du is accused of killing a university lecturer, his wife and their two daughters on the day of the Royal Wedding more than two years ago. The 55-year-old spent 14 months in Morocco before being extradited to Britain earlier this year. He was formally arrested in February, and today appeared before Northampton Crown Court to enter a plea. Du wore wearing a black suit and light coloured shirt for the hearing, and wept in the dock as the charges were read to him. Speaking through an interpreter, he pleaded not guilty to all charges. Police launched a manhunt for Du after Jifeng "Jeff" Ding, 46, Ge "Helen" Chui, 47, and their two daughters Alice, 12, and Xing, 18, were found dead at their home in Wootton, Northamptonshire, on April 29, 2011. Ding, a lecturer at Manchester Metropolitan University, had apparently been stabbed to death next to his wife. Killed: The Ding family, Xing, Jefing, Alice and Ge (pictured left to right) were found dead in April 2011 . Home: The scene at the victims' house in Wootton, Northamptonshire after their bodies were found . Du, who ran a Chinese medicine shop in Birmingham and lived in Coventry, was arrested in Tangier in July last year. Following a prolonged diplomatic effort by the British Home Office, he was extradited by Moroccan authorities and flown to the UK this year. He was arrested as soon as he arrived at Heathrow Airport. After today's hearing, Du was remanded in custody ahead of his trial, which starts next Tuesday and is due to last two weeks. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Anxiang Du is accused of killing Jifeng Ding, Ge Chui and their daughters . He was arrested in Morocco last year and appeared in court today . Pleaded not guilty to murder charges at Northampton Crown Court .
id: 522fdf772d7ce49fa6902ccd21da85cb6f523ea5
chatgpt: Anxiang Du, the man accused of killing Jifeng Ding, his wife Ge Chui, and their two daughters, has pleaded not guilty to murder charges in Northampton Crown Court today. Mr. Du, a Chinese businessman who had been living in the UK, was arrested in Morocco last year and extradited to the UK to stand trial for the 2011 murders. The Ding family was found dead in their home in Wootton, Northamptonshire, in April 2011. The couple and their daughters, Xing and Alice, were all stabbed to death. Anxiang Du, who had sold Chinese herbal medicine to the family, was identified as a suspect early on in the investigation but had fled the country before he could be arrested. After four years on the run, Mr. Du was finally tracked down in Morocco in 2015 and extradited to the UK to face trial. He appeared in court today to enter his plea, which was not guilty. The trial is expected to last for several weeks and will hear from a range of witnesses, including members of the Ding family and experts in Chinese herbal medicine. The case has attracted widespread media attention over the years, with many speculating about the motive for the killings. Some have suggested that the dispute between Mr. Du and the Ding family over money owed for herbal medicine may have played a role in the tragedy. Whatever the motive, the fact remains that four lives were brutally taken in a single act of violence. The trial will provide an opportunity for justice to be served and for the family of the victims to finally receive some closure. It is expected to be a difficult and emotional process for all involved, but one that is necessary to ensure that those responsible for this heinous crime are held accountable.  In conclusion, the trial of Anxiang Du will undoubtedly be one of the most closely-watched and significant criminal proceedings in the UK this year. A not guilty plea means that the prosecution's case will have to be strong to secure a conviction. We will continue to follow the trial closely and provide updates as they become available.