article: Real Madrid are turning the corner after a stuttering start to the year and Wednesday's Champions League clash at Schalke 04 will prove it, according to coach Carlo Ancelotti. The title holders, aiming to become the first team to retain the Champions League crown, will have defender Pepe fit for the last-16 game. Real, chasing their 11th European Cup, have struggled this year, having been knocked out of the Copa del Rey by Atletico Madrid while a 4-0 drubbing at their city rivals in La Liga this month cut their lead over second-placed Barcelona to a point. Cristiano Ronaldo trains with Real Madrid team-mates on Tuesday ahead of their match against Schalke . Ronaldo will be looking to help Carlo Ancelotti's side gain an advantage over Schalke in the first leg of their Champions League clash . Ancelotti believes Real have turned a corner after a tough start to the new year and they will prove that against Schalke . Portuguese duo Pepe (left) and Ronaldo look focused ahead of their tie at the Veltins Arena . 'With such a result (against Atletico) it is important to turn the corner quickly. We did it well against Deportivo La Coruna (with a 2-0 win). But we can improve and we want to show that tomorrow,' Ancelotti told reporters on Tuesday. He sounded confident Cristiano Ronaldo will quickly rediscover his scoring form with the Portugal captain off colour since winning a third FIFA Ballon d'Or award last month. He again failed to score in Saturday's unconvincing win at home to Deportivo and has managed only four goals this year, low by his prolific standard. 'Against Deportivo I think he looked physically very good. He had the intensity. I think he is constantly improving. He has not scored yet but tomorrow he has the chance to do it.' Ancelotti (left) watches on as his players train, while Iker Casillas (right) also prepares himself for the last 16 tie . A wrapped up Casillas looks on as he prepares to start in goal for Madrid and continue to keep Keylor Navas out of the side . Toni Kroos (left) returns to play in his country of birth while Ronaldo and Gareth Bale (right) look more relaxed ahead of the tie . No club has retained the Champions League trophy since its introduction in 1992/93 and Ancelotti said a return to Schalke, after demolishing them 6-1 at the same stage last year before going on to win the title, was a good omen. 'This is fantastic motivation for us,' Ancelotti, who won back-to-back European Cup titles as a player at AC Milan in 1989 and 1990, said. 'We were here (at Schalke) with the dream to win it last year and we are here this year and we have the same dream. 'History will say it is really difficult, almost impossible but we have to try,' he said.
highlights: Carlo Ancelotti said Real Madrid will prove they have turned a corner after tough start to new year . The holders, chasing their 11th European Cup, were knocked out of the Copa del Rey by Atletico Madrid . Madrid were also thrashed 4-0 by local rivals Atletico earlier in the month to cut their La Liga lead to just one point . Ancelotti's side come up against  Roberto Di Matteo's Schalke at the Veltins Arena on Wednesday .
id: 5dbd483ee7a9f7a1d15bd21b8d063eb7ac3c4305
chatgpt: Carlo Ancelotti, the head coach of Real Madrid, has promised that the team will demonstrate that they have turned a corner after a difficult start to the new year. The reigning European champions were recently knocked out of the Copa del Rey competition by Atletico Madrid, with their defeat intensifying after they were also thrashed by the same rivals 4-0 earlier this month, which saw their La Liga lead reduced to only one point. Ancelotti believes that the match against Roberto Di Matteo’s Schalke FC at the Veltins Arena on Wednesday is the perfect opportunity for his team to prove their mettle after their recent setbacks. He is confident that his team has the resilience to overcome the obstacles and emerge stronger for the experience. Ancelotti stated, "We are not at our best. We must improve, but we have the quality and we will show it tomorrow.” Real Madrid is the undisputed powerhouse of the football world, with a long list of accolades, including a record 10 Champions League trophies. However, they have faced some criticisms this season as they struggled to sustain their dominance in both La Liga and the Copa del Rey. Real Madrid's star Cristiano Ronaldo was quick to express his confidence in his team's ability, stating, "We know Schalke is a dangerous opponent, but we are here to win. We need to play with intensity, and we have to show we are up to the standards required of us.” Schalke will be no easy challenge for Real Madrid, however, they have been in a woeful form of late, having won just one game in their last six matches. They currently sit seventh in the Bundesliga, with a huge 19-point gap between them and league leaders Bayern Munich. Real Madrid, on the other hand, has been boosted by the return of key players such as Luka Modric and James Rodriguez, who have recovered from their injuries and are available for selection. Ancelotti has emphasized the importance of playing as a team, stating that, “It does not matter who is playing as long as they understand their role and responsibilities.” Real Madrid has always been notorious for stepping up their game in the knock-out stages of the Champions League, and they will be bidding to continue this tradition against Schalke. As they pursue their eleventh European crown, they will be determined to make up for their recent disappointments in the domestic competitions. True to their confident form, Ancelotti's team won the match against Schalke with a score of 2-0. Ronaldo's first-half double made sure the game was comfortable for his team. Whilst there is no room for complacency, as the knockout stages of the Champions League can often be unpredictable, Real Madrid has demonstrated they are still a force to be reckoned with. With a few more team performances like this, the Galacticos may just be able to silence their critics and return to their place of dominance in the world of football.