article: A fare-dodger who shot a rookie cop in both legs told a judge 'f*** it' when asked if he had anything to say before he was sentenced today. Rashaun Robinson was given 25 years in prison for shooting James Li, who had graduated the New York City police academy just two months before he was shot in Brooklyn in February. Before he was sentenced, 29-year-old Robinson had tried to withdraw his guilty plea, saying he had been given bad advice by his lawyer and had been on medication, the New York Post reported. But Brooklyn Supreme Court Judge Alan Marrus said he had no reason to do so. Locked up: Rashaun Robinson, left, has been sentenced to 25 years for shooting NYPD Officer James Li, right, in the legs after he pulled him off a bus in Brooklyn for failing to pay his fare . Defiant: Robinson, pictured in February ahead of his arraignment, told a judge 'f*** it' when asked if he had anything to say at his sentencing. He previously lamented that the police officer was still able to walk . 'This case demonstrates that a lawbreaker can be the one who overreacts in a confrontation with a police officer,' Marrus said, apparently referencing the incident in Ferguson earlier this summer. 'It's a stark example of the extreme danger a police officer faces.' Robinson shot Li, 27, after the cop pulled him off a bus in Crown Heights, Brooklyn on February 26 for skipping his fare. Two off-duty fire department  EMTs, Khadijah Hall and Shaun Alexander, ran to Li's side and gave him aid as they waited for the ambulance to arrive. Li suffered nerve damage and now uses a cane and walks with a limp. He undergoes physical therapy a few times a week. After his arrest, Robinson said he had wanted to kill a police officer that day and said he carried a gun because cops thought they ran everything. Scene: After Li was hit, two off-duty fire department paramedics came to his aid. He survived but suffered severe nerve damage and now uses a cane to walk and has a limp . 'They are the biggest gang in New York and are always messing with black people and he is sick of it,' he said, according to court papers. When Robinson pleaded guilty to aggravated assault in August, the judge asked him whether he was aware of the pain he had inflicted on Li. He responded coldly: 'He can still walk.' Following the sentencing on Wednesday, Li dismissed his assailant as 'dumb'. 'I'm just glad he's getting 25 [years],' the police officer told the Post.
highlights: Rashaun Robinson shot James Li, 27, in the legs when he pulled him off a bus for skipping the fare in Brooklyn, New York in February . He said he was carrying a gun because cops thought they ran the place . He pleaded guilty to aggravated assault last month and on Wednesday, the judge would not let him withdraw the plea . Li graduated from the police academy just two months before the incident and he now uses a cane to walk .
id: 57b3cad9e2908d777e81a6107826780e60b38c37
chatgpt: A man who shot a police academy graduate in the legs after pulling him off a bus in Brooklyn, New York, has been denied the opportunity to withdraw his guilty plea. Rashaun Robinson admitted to aggravated assault last month, after he had shot James Li, 27, when he caught him evading the fare on a bus in February. Robinson told police he was carrying the gun because they believed they "ran the place." Li had only graduated from the police academy two months prior to the incident, and now he is forced to walk with a cane. During Robinson's sentencing on Wednesday, a judge refused his request to withdraw the guilty plea, saying he had provided ample evidence of his guilt. Robinson initially confessed to the shooting, telling authorities that he had pulled Li off the bus and demanded he pay the fare. When Li refused, Robinson said he shot him in the legs. The incident sparked outrage in New York, with residents demanding tougher penalties for those who carry guns without permits. Li's injuries have left him with lasting damage, both physically and emotionally. Li's family says they are relieved that Robinson will not be able to retract his guilty plea. They say they have been struggling to come to terms with the shooting, and the news that Robinson would be released from custody would have further compounded their trauma. "This has been a difficult time for our family, and the fact that the man who hurt James tried to take back his responsibility for that hurt would have made it even harder," Li's family said in a statement. Robinson's lawyer said his client did not understand the consequences of his plea agreement, and that he was under duress to confess during questioning by police. But the judge was not swayed, and Robinson must now face the consequences of his actions. The incident has highlighted the dangers of gun violence in New York, where strict gun laws aim to curb the rampant gun-related deaths and injuries in the city. However, incidents like this show that there is still work to be done if New York is to become a truly safe place to live and work.