article: By . William Turvill . The United States is said to have told Nato allies that Russia has been testing a new ground-launched cruise missile, despite Moscow being prohibited from carrying out such tests thanks to a 30-year-old treaty. Rose Gottemoeler, the U.S. state . department’s senior arms control official, has reportedly . asked Russian officials about the tests on several occasions since May last year . The department believes the flight tests could have been going on for up to six years. Tension: The United States (president Barack Obama, pictured) has accused Russia (president Vladimir Putin, pictured) of testing a new ground-launched cruise missile, in breach of a treaty signed by the nations in 1987 . The 1987 treaty, signed by Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev, was seen as a major factor in bringing an end to the Cold War (stock picture) Russia is said to have responded by saying that the matter has been investigated and the case is now closed. According to the New York Times, President Barack Obama is not yet ready to officially declare the tests. The situation comes at a time when he is pledging to make further cuts in nuclear arms. A state department spokesman told the paper there would be no hesitation to ‘raise treaty compliance concerns with Russia, and this issue is no exception’. Jen Psaki, the State Department spokesman, added: 'There’s an ongoing review process, and we wouldn’t want to speculate or prejudge the outcome.' There have been a number of disputes between Washington and Moscow in recent months, including over Edward Snowden's temporary asylum in Russia . Other officials have reportedly said it is clear the tests were non-compliant with the 1987 treaty. The White House is said to be being pressured into forming a firmer response. Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev, . then the presidents of the U.S. and Soviet Union, signed a treaty . banning medium-range missiles in 1987. The treaty banning the testing, production and possession of medium-range missiles was regarded as an important milestone in putting the brakes on the U.S. and Russian arms race and was a key contributor in ending the Cold War. Medium range missiles are ground-launched ballistic or cruise missiles that have a flying range of 300-3,400 miles. Intercontinental missiles can fly beyond that range. This situation is the latest in a long line of disputes between the two nations in recent months. Last year, the Washington and Moscow clashed over Edward Snowden’s temporary asylum in Russia and the crisis in Syria. More recently, conflict in Ukraine has caused tensions to rise between the countries.
highlights: U.S tells allies Russia may have been flight testing for up to six years . Both nations signed a treaty in 1987 banning medium-range missiles .
id: 62ee49812675a32f4e1486e02efc732c33115a1d
chatgpt: The United States has informed its allies that Russia may have been conducting flight testing for up to six years in violation of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The INF treaty was signed by both nations in 1987, and it prohibits the testing, production, and deployment of ground-launched missiles with ranges between 500 and 5,500 kilometers. The U.S. Department of State stated that the Russian Federation is in violation of the treaty by developing and fielding a missile system that has the capability to strike Europe with little warning. It is said that Russia's alleged missile system falls within the category of cruise missiles and could breach the INF treaty. However, the Russian government denies the claim and says it abides by the treaty. In an effort to persuade Russia to come into compliance with the INF treaty, the U.S. has warned its NATO allies about the potential security risk posed by the flight testing. The U.S. has stressed that the treaty is a cornerstone of European security and stability, and that they will do everything in their power to ensure Russia returns to compliance. The Western alliance has responded to the situation by calling on Russia not to develop the missile system and to commit to the treaty.  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg has emphasized that the INF treaty has been instrumental in preventing the proliferation of medium-range missiles, and that its preservation is vital to European security. Meanwhile, some experts believe the INF treaty has become increasingly irrelevant since its inception. There are arguments that Russia's cruise missile programs, which are mobile and easily concealed, are rendering the treaty ineffective. They contend that without including other countries like China, which is not a party to the treaty and has a much larger arsenal, the agreement has limited effectiveness.  Despite the ongoing concerns and disputes related to the INF treaty, both the U.S. and Russia have reiterated their commitment to maintaining strategic stability through nuclear arms control. The U.S. has urged Russia to return to compliance with the INF treaty, while at the same time continuing to pursue arms control negotiations with the country. It remains unclear how the situation will be resolved, and whether the U.S. will continue to warn its allies about Russia's alleged violations of the INF treaty. What is certain is that the situation highlights the ongoing tension between the two global superpowers and the importance of international treaties and agreements in maintaining global stability.