article: By . Richard Shears . PUBLISHED: . 19:18 EST, 31 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:45 EST, 1 August 2013 . Dannii Minogue’s hair became the top talent on Australia’s X Factor on Tuesday night after the star judge appeared on the show apparently wearing a wig. The 41-year-old singer’s signature short hair style had been ‘replaced’ by flowing dark locks. The new look sent social media buzzing, with many of her fans speculating she was wearing a hair piece and ruling out hair extentions, with one writer commenting: ‘You have such beautiful hair. Why go the wig?’ Spot the difference: Dannii Minogue was spotted with short hair when arriving at Melbourne Airport, but when she appeared on the X-Factor she appeared to be sporting a wig . Sydney style commentator Melissa Hoyer said Dannii  - the sister of pop diva Kylie Mingoue -  was ‘on trend’, with wigs becoming a staple for many celebrities. Joan Collins and Tina Turner perfected the art of wearing wigs, while more recently by Sharon Osbourne, Beyonce, Adele, Lady Gaga and J-Lo have donned a fashionable hair piece. ‘I think it is fantastic that a style-oriented and savvy woman like Dannii can wear a wig and make it look cool,' wrote Hoyer. ‘It’s usually got nothing to do with a personal hair issue or bad hair situation It’s more like a great way of giving a celeb a new look with the help of a great hair stylist in the space of a few minutes.' She added: ‘If it is a good quality wig - some even feature “roots” so they look even more authentic - and it suits your face shape, then why not take the easier option? Stylish: Fashionista Lady GaGa has helped make wigs popular with her outrageous sense of style. Joan Collins (left) is also said to be a fan of the hairpiece . It’s not the first time Dannii has been seen with long hair. She appeared in promotional shots for the show in April with a similar full length style -  just over a week after she had been seen on a Barbados beach with much shorter hair. That short style was still in evidence when she arrived in Australia later that month with her cropped hair peeking out from underneath a bowler hat at Melbourne airport. Then fans, who had seen those arrival pictures followed by the promotional shots showing Dannii’s long locks, were left in no doubt she had taken to a wearing a toupee - no-one could have grown hair that quickly. The wig and the gown mum-of-one Dannii wore for the promotional shots left fans in no doubt that the X Factor -  as seen on TV on Tuesday evening  - was not live, but had been recorded three months earlier.
highlights: Dannii Minogue's X Factor appearance with long hair sends fans into a spin . Hair extensions ruled out as the star is accused of wearing a wig . Identical hairpiece in promotional shots suggest the show was filmed in April .
id: b91da0a9b93be8f96824407269eff1af1864dfc5
chatgpt: Dannii Minogue, a former judge on the UK's X Factor, made a recent appearance on the popular show that's caused quite the stir among fans. The reason? Her hair. The star, who typically wears her hair in a short, sleek bob, appeared on the program with long, flowing locks that left many wondering if she had turned to hair extensions to achieve the new look. However, accusations soon began to fly that Minogue wasn't actually wearing extensions at all - but a wig. Fans poured over promotional shots from the show and noted that in every image, Minogue's hair looked exactly the same as it did during her X Factor appearance. If true, this would be a significant departure from how the star has worn her hair in the past. While she has experimented with various styles over the years, she's never before been seen wearing a wig in public. This revelation could have far-reaching consequences for her image and reputation. So, why would Minogue, who is known for her impeccable style and beauty, wear a wig on live television? Some rumors suggest that the star has been experiencing hair loss, and opted for a wig to help cover troublesome bald spots. This is a common practice among celebrities, as many place high importance on their appearance and may be willing to take drastic measures to maintain a certain image. Others speculate that she simply wanted to try out a new look without actually committing to a permanent change. Wigs offer a level of versatility that few other hair accessories can match, and can be a quick and easy way to switch things up without committing to any one style or length. Despite the accusations, Minogue herself has yet to comment on whether she was wearing a wig or hair extensions during the show. Until she speaks out, fans will be left to speculate and debate amongst themselves. Regardless of what the truth is, Minogue's appearance on The X Factor has certainly generated a lot of buzz. It's unclear if this new look is here to stay or if she'll go back to her short bob, but either way, fans will be eagerly watching and waiting to see what she does next. In the meantime, the conversation surrounding wigs and hair loss is likely to continue. While some critics argue that celebrities should be more transparent about their use of wigs and hairpieces, others maintain that it's a personal choice and one that shouldn't be judged by others. As Minogue's appearance shows, however, it's a topic that won't be going away anytime soon.