article: A Chinese teenager has been left in intensive care after trying to cure his internet addiction by cutting off his own hand. The 19-year-old from Nantong, Jiangsu province used a kitchen knife to sever his left hand, local media reports. The teen, known only by his last name Wang, had sneaked out of his family home to avoid alerting his parents, and chopped his hand off sitting on a public bench. Extreme cure: The 19-year-old boy used a kitchen knife to sever his left hand in an attempt to cure his addiction to the internet (stock image) 'We cannot accept what has happened. It was completely out of the blue. He was a smart boy,' his mother told reporters, according to The Telegraph. Images of the bloodstained bench where the teenager allegedly performed the self-amputation was broadcast on local television. Doctors have been able to reattach the hand, but it is not known if the boy will regain full mobility. In China, online addiction among young people has become a serious problem, with an estimated 24million children considered 'web junkies'. Research published in December last year found that 7.1 per cent of the population in Asia is addicted to the internet. Growing problem: An estimated 24 million children in China are considered addicted to the internet . Screens off: Taiwanese under-18s are no longer allowed to 'constantly use electronic products for a period of time that is not reasonable' under new legislation . As well as introducing laws requiring games companies 'to develop techniques that would limit the gaming time of minors', more than 250 military style boot camps have been set up across China to tackle under-18 internet addiction. Last month, neighbouring Taiwan passed a law banning parents from allowing their children under the age of two from using electronic devices such as iPads, televisions and smartphones. Parents who allow their young children to play with their gadgets face fines of up to £1,000. Meanwhile Taiwanese under-18s are not allowed to 'constantly use electronic products for a period of time that is not reasonable', although the 'reasonable length of time' has not been defined. The new law means that iPads, smartphones and televisions are now listed alongside cigarettes and alcohol as restricted. Research published in the British Medical Journal found that a child born today will have spent a full year staring at screens (tablets, computers, TVs) by the time they reach seven.
highlights: Chinese boy, 19, used a kitchen knife to sever his own hand . The teenager claimed he was trying to cure his internet addiction . An estimated 24million Chinese children considered 'web junkies'
id: 5d11876bd0b2f331b2f050179efd700bf01ad10c
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a 19-year-old Chinese boy cut off his own hand with a kitchen knife while trying to cure his internet addiction. The teenager, whose identity has not been disclosed, claimed that he was inspired to take the drastic step after watching a video online. He reportedly used a kitchen knife to sever his left hand above the wrist. The incident comes at a time when an estimated 24 million Chinese children are considered 'web junkies' and are being treated for internet addiction. The problem has become so severe that the Chinese government has set up various rehabilitation centers across the country. According to reports, the teenager had been addicted to the internet for several years and would spend hours online each day. He had dropped out of school and lost contact with most of his friends. His parents had tried various methods to help him overcome his addiction, including sending him to a rehabilitation center, but nothing had worked. In a video posted by a local media outlet, the teenager is seen lying in a hospital bed with his bandaged arm. He claims that he had researched the procedure online and had cut off his hand to 'cure' himself. He states that he feels "relieved" now that he is no longer addicted to the internet. The incident has sparked a debate in China over the issue of internet addiction and the measures being taken to address it. While some have criticized the government's approach of sending children to rehabilitation centers, others have pointed out that the problem is not limited to China and is a global issue. Experts have long warned about the dangers of internet addiction, especially among young people. Studies have shown that excessive internet use can lead to a host of physical and mental health problems, including depression, anxiety, and sleep disorders. While the incident is certainly extreme, it highlights the need for greater awareness and education about the dangers of internet addiction. As our lives become more and more connected to the digital world, it is important to recognize the potential risks and take steps to protect ourselves and our children.