article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 22:17 EST, 16 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:44 EST, 17 July 2013 . Export bar: The work, known as 'Rembrandt Laughing', is said to be a striking example of the Dutch artist's early paintings . An export bar has been placed on a Rembrandt painting in an effort to allow time to raise £16.5million to keep it within Britain. The work, known as ‘Rembrandt Laughing’, is said to be a striking example of the Dutch artist's early paintings and was one of only a few which he executed on copper plates. The painting was bought at an auction in May by the Getty Museum of Los Angeles, California. Culture Minister Ed Vaizey deferred the grant of an export licence for the painting until at least October 15 to allow a chance for the money to be raised. The Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art and Objects of Cultural Interest advised the deferral because it was of outstanding aesthetic importance and of significance for the study of Dutch painting, particularly Rembrandt's work in the 1620s. The picture - known as a ‘tronie’ - may have been a self-portrait but was painted in 1628 to depict an emotion rather than to be a likeness of a particular person. Most of Rembrandt's paintings in UK collections date to after 1631. Mr Vaizey said: ‘The UK's galleries may already have an impressive array of Rembrandts, but nothing from this period of this great artist's career. Hopes: Culture Minister Ed Vaizey deferred the grant of an export licence for the painting until at least October 15 to allow a chance for the money to be raised . Bid: The painting was bought at an auction in May by the Getty Museum (pictured) of Los Angeles, California . ‘I hope that my deferral of the export licence will allow time for a buyer to come forward and secure this exquisite painting for the nation, where it can be studied and enjoyed by all.’ The deferral period could potentially be extended to April of next year. The painting was valued at £1,500 in 2007 . because it was not believed to be a Rembrandt original, but later sold . for £2.2million. It was said at the time that the painting was worth up to £20million. Rembrandt van Rijn is considered to be one of the greatest painters in European art. His works include The Storm on the Sea of Galilee from 1633 and The Abduction of Europa from 1632.
highlights: 'Rembrandt Laughing' is striking example of Dutch artist's early work . The work was one of only a few which he executed on copper plates . It was bought at an auction in May by the Getty Museum of Los Angeles . Culture Minister Ed Vaizey deferred export licence grant until October . He wants to allow a chance for the money to be raised to keep it in UK .
id: 9e3266f4bd85afda4d68791b3e40bf3f8111fbeb
chatgpt: The Getty Museum of Los Angeles has been in the news recently for its acquisition of Rembrandt Laughing, a striking example of the Dutch artist's early work. The piece, which was executed on copper plates, is one of only a few in Rembrandt's oeuvre that were made using this technique. However, the sale came with controversy. Culture Minister Ed Vaizey stepped in to defer the export licence grant for Rembrandt Laughing until October. This move was aimed at allowing a chance for the money to be raised to keep the painting in the UK.  The export ban was imposed as a result of Culture Minister Vaizey's intervention after the painting was sold at auction in May. The export of the painting was halted following a recommendation by the Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art and Objects of Cultural Interest (RCEWA). Vaizey cited the painting's "outstanding significance" as grounds for the temporary ban. The committee had assessed that the painting met the criteria for requiring an export licence, and deemed it to be of particular cultural importance. The RCEWA noted that the painting is a rare example of Rembrandt's early work and that the technique of painting on copper plates was unique to this period in his artistic career. "Rembrandt Laughing is a striking example of the Dutch artist's early work on copper plates," said Vaizey. "It is a fantastic piece that deserves to be seen by the British public. That is why I have deferred the export licence grant, to give a chance for institutions and individuals to raise the funds to keep it in the country." Despite this temporary ban, the Getty Museum is still hopeful that it will eventually be allowed to take the painting out of the country. "We are confident that this deferment will be resolved in accordance with the usual process," a spokesperson for the museum said. The Getty Museum is also no stranger to controversy surrounding its acquisitions. In 2018, the museum returned a 2,300-year-old terracotta head to Italy after it was discovered to have been looted during an excavation in the 1960s. In the meantime, experts and art enthusiasts alike will eagerly await the outcome of the Culture Minister's decision. Will Rembrandt Laughing stay in the UK, or will it find a new home across the pond in Los Angeles? Only time will tell.