article: By . Ted Thornhill . Council officers in Scotland are turning up the heat on night-time dog walkers who let their pets poop in public spaces – by tracking culprits using thermal imaging equipment. The advanced technology – which is usually used to catch criminals and dangerous drivers - is being deployed by Fife Council because the problem of dog mess in Fife has become a major problem. The thermal cameras will be able to detect the body heat of dogs and their owners - and recently produced poo - from hundreds of yards away. Ruff justice: Fife Council wardens and officials with their infra-red equipped anti-dog poop van . The council officers who will be tasked with handing out fines will also be given stab vests to protect themselves from any violent or aggressive dog owners. A street cleaning survey in the region showed that 88 per cent of respondents rated fouling as a problem in their area, higher than any other street cleaning issue. The council’s environmental enforcement wardens can hand out fixed penalty fines for dog fouling, litter dropping, abandoned vehicles and fly tipping. Messy mutts: A street cleaning survey in the Fife region showed that 88 per cent of respondents rated fouling as a problem in their area . Thermal-imaging cameras see light on the infrared spectrum, which the human eye cannot pick up. The hotter an object, the more infrared radiation is emitted. Hot objects glow brightly when seen through an infrared filter. It is customary to mark out hot objects with a white colour and cold objects in black. Temperatures in between are coloured red and yellow. Infrared radiation was discovered by British astronomer Sir Frederick William Herschel in 1800. However, officers said that not all culprits take kindly to the serving of such notices. Jim Beveridge, an environment enforcer at Fife Council, said: ‘It could get dangerous when issuing a fine. ‘People don’t like to be charged, so we always wear stab-proof vests because you never know what people are carrying these days. ‘There is no excuse for people turning away, ignoring and failing to pick up their dog’s mess, even if they take one step away from the dog-fouling I would be tempted to fine them because they have no intention of picking it up.’ A Fife Council spokesman said: ‘Staff are expected to wear their vests when on patrol or issuing a fixed penalty notice.’ Meanwhile, community safety operations manager, Mark McCall said that the use of infra-red technology ultimately leads to improved quality of life for Fifers. He said: ‘The CCTV vehicle we are using for this is owned by Fife Community Safety Partnership. ‘It is used by partners for a range of projects that aim to make our communities safer and more pleasant places for residents to live. ‘The vehicle is used for other activities such as monitoring traffic calming measures, littering, at football matches or other big events and in town centres at night to monitor street disorders.’
highlights: Fife Council is using thermal tech to catch misbehaving dog owners . People who let their pets poop in public will be tracked by thermal cameras . Council officers armed with the kit will wear body armour for protection .
id: 354a449ab0c54da868168831324b4530b4a97093
chatgpt: Fife Council, located in Scotland, is cracking down on misbehaving dog owners who fail to clean up after their pets by using thermal technology to track and catch offenders. To ensure the success of the operation, council officers will also be equipped with body armour for their own protection. The local council has long struggled to address the ongoing issue of dog fouling on public property. Despite the installation of signs and frequent appeals to the public to clean up after their pets, some members of the community continue to allow their animals to poop in public while neglecting to dispose of the waste properly. In response to this ongoing problem, Fife Council has decided to take a more proactive approach. Thermal cameras have been installed throughout key areas of the city, which will be used to detect offenders who do not clean up after their dogs. The cameras are designed to pick up on the heat signature of the dog’s mess, allowing officers to track the offenders. Council officers involved in the operation will also be equipped with body armour as a precautionary measure. This serves to ensure that any possible confrontations with angry offenders will be handled without incident. The council has stated that the armour will be used as a means of protection only and that it is not meant to intimidate dog owners into compliance. The use of thermal technology is a new and innovative approach to deterring the irresponsible actions of dog owners. It is hoped that the use of this technology will deter people from allowing their pets to foul in public, thus making the streets and public areas cleaner and safer for all members of the community. Fife Council hopes that the use of thermal technology will also help in identifying and prosecuting offenders who repeatedly flout the law. With the evidence they gather from using the thermal cameras, they plan to issue warning notices, fixed penalty notices or even take legal action against those who fail to clean up after their dogs. The operation using thermal cameras aims to make Fife a cleaner and safer place to live in. The council has urged all responsible dog owners to clean up after their pets and help maintain the cleanliness of public areas. They have also warned that failure to clean up after a pet will result in a fine of up to £1000. Councillor Ross Vettraino, Convener of the Environment, Protective Services and Community Safety Committee, has welcomed the move, saying, “Dog fouling is one of the most unpleasant and antisocial problems that we face in our communities. It is unacceptable that some people still fail to pick up after their pets. We are confident that the use of thermal cameras will deter offenders and improve the cleanliness of our streets, parks and public areas.” The use of thermal cameras to catch misbehaving dog owners is a significant step forward in the fight against dog fouling. With the persistence of the council, it is hoped that these actions will encourage all members of the community to be more responsible pet owners, thus making Fife a cleaner and safer place to live in.