article: By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 10:44 EST, 11 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:44 EST, 11 April 2013 . A 21-year-old student has found a way of allowing Facebook users to encode pictures with secret messages. Owen Campbell-Moore, a computer science student at Oxford University, has created a browser extension that allows people to share secret messages on the social networking site. Secretbook allows anyone with access to Google Chrome to hide 140 character long messages in JPEG images uploaded to Facebook and these messages can only be unlocked using a personal password. Secretbook allows anyone with access to Google Chrome to hide 140 character long messages in JPEG images uploaded to Facebook . It works by hiding messages amongst the millions of images that are uploaded to Facebook. It does this by changing a pixel to a different colour and then replicating it in many different pictures to spell out a message. This message is then only revealed to someone who knows the password and knows which pixel to look for. According to Wired.com, Mr Campbell-Moore spent two months designing the programme as part of a university project. It is the first time that anyone has managed to work out how to hide messages in computer files and it is very difficult for Facebook to detect as it operates through a Google Chrome web extension platform. Secretbook works by hiding steganographic messages where no one would think to look – in this case, among the millions of images that are uploaded to Facebook. Mr Campbell-Moore told Wired.com: ‘Many tools for steganography in JPEGs have existed in the past although they have always required that the images are transmitted exactly as they are.’ For example, this could be one pixel which has been changed to a different colour and then replicated in many pictures to spell out a message – to see this message you have to know the password and which pixel to look for. However, when a picture is uploaded to Facebook the image is automatically formatted which would render any message incomprehensible. It is the first time that anyone has managed to work out how to hide messages in computer files and it is very difficult for Facebook to detect as it operates through a Google Chrome web extension platform . As a result, Mr Campbell-Moore had to copy the sites recompression algorithm so that the encoded message is automatically compressed meaning that it does not change when recompressed by Facebook. Mr Campbell-Moore accepts that the technology could be used by terrorists but he believes that they would not use his method of steganography as it is not entirely secure. When Wired.com approached Facebook a spokesperson declined to comment on Secretbook.
highlights: Owen Campbell-Moore's plugin allows encoding of pictures with messages . It allows people to hide 140 character notes, which can only be unlocked using a password, in pictures that are uploaded to Facebook . First time anyone has worked out how to hide messages in computer files - it works by placing messages where people wouldn't think to look . There is a fear that the technology could be used by terrorists .
id: 2a5078633b44db9a88364e325cbc979e82812e2f
chatgpt: Owen Campbell-Moore, a computer programmer, has developed a plugin that allows pictures to be encoded with messages. This would allow people to hide 140 character notes, which can only be unlocked using a password, in pictures that are uploaded to Facebook. This is the first time anyone has worked out how to hide messages in computer files. The technology works by placing messages where people wouldn't think to look. The encoded messages are hidden in the image itself and it's almost impossible to detect the message. In fact, the only way to figure out that there is a message hidden within an image would be to run it through a special decryption algorithm. The plugin has been released for free and it's already gaining popularity. Some users have commented that this plugin is an excellent way to share secret messages that can't be intercepted by hackers or other malicious parties. Others have pointed out that it could pose a serious threat to national security if used by terrorists. The fear is that terrorists could use this technology to plan and coordinate attacks. The implications are serious and could lead to more sophisticated methods being developed by terrorists to avoid detection. Owen Campbell-Moore has commented that while he understands the potential dangers, it shouldn't stop people from using the plugin for legitimate purposes. The plugin is easy to use, requiring only a few clicks to encode messages into pictures. It's also incredibly secure, with the ability to include a password that's required to unlock the message. The development of this plugin begs the question of whether or not it is ethical for people to hide messages in pictures. While Owen Campbell-Moore believes that it's a valuable tool for personal use, there is concern about what could happen if the technology falls into the wrong hands. The plugin is the first of its kind and it'll be interesting to see how society deals with the ethical issues that it brings up. As with any new technology, it's important that its use is monitored to avoid any potential problems in the future. In conclusion, the release of this new plugin has the potential to change the way we think about hidden messages in computer files. While it can be a useful tool for personal use, there is a real concern that it could be used by terrorists to plan and coordinate attacks. It's important that we continue to monitor this technology and consider the ethical implications of its use.