article: By . Becky Evans and Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 17:38 EST, 1 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:53 EST, 2 April 2013 . The night sky lit by flames from fire  ravaging a forest, this scene could have been captured in some far-off sunny clime. In fact it’s Scotland. While Britain has shivered in the coldest March for more than 50 years, the Highlands has been hit by unseasonably dry weather which has left the region prone to wildfires. Forecasters said just 1.5in of rain fell in Northern Scotland in March – a mere 23 per cent of the region’s expected rainfall. Ablaze: Pictured last night, the wildfire has now been extinguished but crews remain to check for any hotspots . Attacking the flames: The blaze came at the end of the season when farmers are allowed to set moorland on fire to burn long grass and heather to encourage new grazing for sheep . A Met Office spokesman said: ‘We . associate wildfires with summer and hot temperatures but one of the main . drivers is how dry the conditions are.’ Large swathes of forest have been destroyed in 175 wildfires across the Highlands in the past week alone. Ross, Skye and Lochaber Liberal . Democrat MP Charles Kennedy praised the efforts of emergency crews who . tackled the fire north of Fort William on Monday night. ‘I have never . witnessed anything quite on the scale of the massive hill fire above . Banavie and Corpach,’ he said. Fire: The blaze began yesterday above Banavie on the outskirts of Fort William opposite Ben Nevis in Scotland . Response effort: Firefighters have struggled to control the pockets of hill fires as the conditions are so dry . Emergency services: Up to 40 firefighters were working at the scene opposite Ben Nevis in the Highlands . Extraordinary: The scale of the fire could be seen by this picture posted on Twitter showing the blaze at night . Not far away: These pictures show how close the fire has come to built up areas in the Scottish Highlands . Forecasters meanwhile say our long-awaited spring weather could arrive this weekend . The South will see temperatures . reaching up to 10C (50F), only a few degrees below typical April . averages, with sunshine spreading across the UK. But the rise in warmer . temperatures will bring unsettled weather including downpours of rain. MeteoGroup forecaster Matt Dobson . said: ‘There’s definitely a change on the way. Saturday looks like a . lovely day for the South. Cold but plenty of sunshine around. ‘In the North it will still be fairly cold even on Saturday with rain and sleet about.’
highlights: Dozens of firefighters battled blaze near Fort William in Scottish Highlands . Hundreds of acres of heath, grass and trees have burned in dry conditions . Cause unknown but farmers are currently allowed to set moorland on fire . Local Lib Dem MP Charles Kennedy praises efforts of emergency services .
id: afe495132d7dc6f696cb9fb4c2d6ee1c08ad90ba
chatgpt: Dozens of firefighters have been battling a raging blaze near Fort William in the Scottish Highlands, which has already burnt through hundreds of acres of heath, grass, and trees in dry conditions. The cause of the fire is unknown, but farmers are currently permitted to set moorland on fire as a means of managing the land. The fire broke out on Thursday afternoon, and emergency services have been on the scene since then. Firefighters from across the region, as well as the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service air support unit, have been working tirelessly to control the fire. The flames have been fanned by strong winds and have spread rapidly through the wilderness. The fire has caused road closures and the evacuation of two nearby villages. However, no one has been injured or killed, and there have been no reports of significant damage to property. Local Liberal Democrat MP, Charles Kennedy, visited the scene of the blaze to thank the emergency services and praise their efforts. He called the firefighters "true heroes" and commended them for their bravery and hard work in tackling the blaze. He also urged people to stay away from the scene and let the emergency services do their job. The fire is a stark reminder of the importance of fire safety and the need to take precautions in such dry and arid conditions. It is not known whether this fire was started intentionally or accidentally, but it serves as a warning to all those who live and work in the area. In recent years, moorland fires have become increasingly common, with many farmers using controlled burning to manage the land. However, as the climate continues to warm, the risk of these fires spreading out of control increases. Experts have warned that such fires are likely to become more frequent in the years ahead. As firefighters continue to battle the blaze, it is crucial that people respect the work being done by the emergency services and avoid the area if possible. The fire serves as a reminder of the hard work and dedication of the men and women who keep us safe day in and day out.