article: Paris (CNN) -- Police in France have arrested a man in connection with the killing of three Kurdish activists in Paris this month, prosecutors said Monday. The suspect, Omer Guney, is a 30-year-old Turkish national who, prosecutors said, has been a member of the Kurdish nationalist PKK for two years -- the same group co-founded by one of the victims. The activists' apparent assassination earlier this month sparked shock in the Kurdish community. Mystery had swirled around the slayings, with no claim of responsibility or any indication from authorities as to who might have pulled the trigger. The fact that one of the women was a founding member of the PKK, the Kurdish Workers' Party -- a group viewed by Turkey, the United States and others as a terror organization -- led to heightened speculation. The killings come at a delicate time for Kurds in Turkey, where analysts say the government has recently entered into talks with Kurdish leaders -- among them the jailed head of the PKK, Abdullah Ocalan. Analysts have suggested the attack could have been an attempt to derail a nascent peace process in what is one of the Middle East's longest-running conflicts. The PKK, a pan-Kurdish nationalist movement, is best known internationally for the guerrilla war it has fought for nearly three decades against the government of Turkey, a conflict that has claimed more than 40,000 lives. The ethnic Kurdish population extends across parts of Turkey, Syria, Iran and Iraq. Last week thousands took to the streets in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir, Turkey, to mourn the activists' deaths. The women were saluted as the "three flowers of Kurdistan" by a mourner using a sound system atop a bus, while some carried portraits of the victims or signs reading "Sakine Cansiz is immortal." Cansiz, one of the three killed, was a co-founder of the PKK. Also killed were Leyla Sonmez and Fidan Dogan. French authorities said the bodies of the three women were discovered in the Information Center of Kurdistan in Paris. After the killings, French Interior Minister Manuel Valls told reporters in Paris the three women had been "without doubt executed" and described the killings as "totally unacceptable." CNN's Dheepthi Namasivayam, Laura Smith-Spark, Ivan Watson, Alexander Felton and Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report.
highlights: Prosecutors say the suspect is a Turkish national . The killing of three activists earlier this month shocked the Kurdish community . Last week thousands took to the streets in Turkey to mourn the slayings .
id: 742f95ac8c6e9a8654ffe61a16d92b7b96c965bc
chatgpt: A Turkish national has been arrested in connection with the killing of three Kurdish activists that took place earlier this month. Prosecutors have named the suspect, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, as the primary suspect in the case.  The killings, which took place in Paris, shocked the Kurdish community and were the cause of widespread protests in Turkey, with thousands of people taking to the streets to mourn the victims' deaths. The activists, who were all women, were members of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) and were shot dead in their office in a suspected political assassination.  The suspect was arrested in Germany while attempting to flee the country, according to officials. The arrest comes after a series of raids carried out by French and German police in several cities across Europe. The suspect is currently awaiting extradition to France, where they will face charges of murder and terrorism-related offenses.  The killing of the activists has caused outrage in the Kurdish community, who have long been fighting for greater rights and autonomy in Turkey. The PKK, which is considered a terrorist group by Turkey and several other countries, has been fighting a decades-long insurgency against the Turkish state, seeking greater rights for the country's Kurdish minority.  Despite recent attempts to broker a peace deal, tensions between the PKK and the Turkish government remain high. The group has been responsible for numerous attacks on Turkish security forces in recent years, which have led to a crackdown by the government. The killing of the activists is likely to further escalate tensions between the two sides, and could potentially derail any peace talks that may have been in progress.  The arrest of the suspect is likely to be seen as a victory by the Kurdish community, who have been demanding justice for the killings. However, it is also likely to lead to further questions about the motives behind the attack and whether there may have been any involvement by the Turkish government or other state actors.  The case is likely to attract international attention, given the involvement of multiple countries and the political implications of the killings. It remains to be seen how the situation will develop in the coming weeks and months, but one thing is certain: the killings have sent shockwaves through the Kurdish community and have highlighted the ongoing tensions between Turkey and its Kurdish minority.