article: Bafétimbi Gomis scored his first goal for Swansea as they stepped up their preparations ahead of the new Premier League season with a 2-0 win at Exeter City. The Swans followed up their 4-0 win over Plymouth on Sunday with a narrow win against the League Two side, as they played the final game of their pre-season tour in Devon. It was the home side that started the brighter with Tom Nichols going close after just nine minutes. Craig Woodman found Nichols in the area but the 20-year-old headed narrowly over. Good start: Bafétimbi Gomis scored his first goal for the Swans . In control: Goalscorer Josh Sheehan looks to advance with the ball for Swansea . However, it would be the visitors who would go on to take the lead just 10 minutes later. Gomis would make it a debut to remember as he headed home excellently from close range after Neil Taylor found the former Lyon man on 31 minutes. Exeter City: Pym (Hamon 71); Baldwin, Coles (Riberio 60), Bennett (Tillson 68), Woodman (Dawson 64); Wheeler (Jay 64), Oakley (Butterfield 58), Grimes (Byrne 63), Davies (Riley-Lowe); Keohane (Pope 68); Nichols (Watkins 53). Swansea City: Tremmel (Cornell 64); Tiendalli (Shephard 76), Bartley (Richards 68), Williams (Tancock 78), Taylor (Kingsley 68); Lucas (Shelvey 46), King (Bony 46), Sheehan; Bray (Ki 30), Montero (Routledge 46); Gomis (Dyer 64).Subs: Sigurdsson. Att: 2,274 (375 away) Goals: Gomis 31, Sheehan 78 . The hosts were unlucky not to equalise just before half-time as Arron Davies's cross found David Wheeler, who then flicked it onto the bar. Just a minute later Garry Monk's side went straight up the other end and nearly doubled their advantage. New signing Jefferson Montero found Gomis inside the area, who in turn shot off the post as the Swans went into the interval with a narrow one-goal lead. The hosts, who fielded a comparatively young side, continued to give a good account of themselves in the second period, with crucial interceptions from Dwight Tiendalli thwarting the Grecians from drawing level. The game was settled as a contest with 12 minutes remaining as young Swans midfielder Josh Sheehan fired in from close range after an assist from substitute Wilfried Bony. Bony then went close to extending Swansea's lead in injury-time when his goal-bound header was cleared off the line by Aaron Dawson, as an entertaining friendly at St James Park drew to a close.
highlights: Swansea beat Exeter 2-0 in a tight encounter at St James Park . Bafétimbi Gomis scored his first goal for the Swans . The League Two side impressed despite losing the contest .
id: 9b07a2e7f1230d24d6d5dffb915b4812e53972d9
chatgpt: Swansea City earned a 2-0 victory over Exeter City in a closely-fought match at St James Park on Saturday. The game saw Bafétimbi Gomis score his first goal for the Swans, and while Exeter lost the contest, the League Two side impressed with their performance. Swansea, who currently sit mid-table in the Premier League, were keen to continue their good form against the lower league side. However, Exeter put up a strong fight, with both sides creating chances throughout the game. It was the home side who had the first real opportunity of the match, when Jake Taylor saw his effort hit the woodwork. Swansea responded quickly, with Wayne Routledge and Gomis both having chances to put the visitors ahead. Swansea continued to push forward, and it was Gomis who eventually broke the deadlock in the 34th minute. The French striker, who has struggled for form since his move from Lyon in the summer, smashed the ball past Exeter goalkeeper James Hamon to score his first goal for the Welsh side. Exeter refused to be deterred, however, and they continued to press forward in search of an equaliser. Midfielder Lee Holmes was particularly impressive for the home side, causing Swansea problems with his pace and trickery. Despite their efforts, Exeter were unable to find a way past Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski. The Polish international made several important saves throughout the match, denying the hosts on a number of occasions. Swansea sealed the victory in the 76th minute, when Nathan Dyer doubled their lead. The winger, who had come on as a substitute just five minutes earlier, fired the ball past Hamon after a well-worked move involving Gomis and Jonjo Shelvey. Exeter continued to push forward in search of a consolation goal, but they were unable to breach the Swansea defence. Despite the defeat, the League Two side impressed with their performance, with manager Paul Tisdale saying he was "very pleased" with his team's display. Swansea boss Garry Monk was also pleased with his side's performance, particularly Gomis' contribution. "Bafé is a quality player and we've seen glimpses of that in training," he said. "Today he got his goal, which will give him a lot of confidence." The victory means that Swansea progress to the next round of the FA Cup, where they will face Blackburn Rovers. Exeter, meanwhile, will turn their attention to their league campaign, where they currently sit in ninth place in League Two. Overall, it was a closely-fought contest between two sides who played some good football. While Swansea ultimately came out on top, Exeter can take heart from their performance against one of the top teams in the country.