article: Gloucester captain Billy Twelvetrees has urged his team to cut out 'silly mistakes' ahead of Friday night's Aviva Premiership clash against rock-bottom London Welsh. Twelvetrees and company head to the Kassam Stadium after being beaten by Northampton and Exeter, while it required an impressive fightback from 17-3 adrift before they saw off Kingsholm visitors Sale Sharks a fortnight ago. A new-look Gloucester squad is inevitably taking time to knit together, but Twelvetrees is not unduly troubled and believes that early-season teething troubles can easily be fixed. Gloucester captain Billy Twelvetrees wants a clinical display from his side against London Welsh on Friday . 'It's a simple game,' he said. 'It's about getting over the gain-line, working hard for each other and picking the right options. 'When you don't pick the right options in defence or attack, make poor decisions at the breakdown and give penalties away, you are suddenly behind on the scoreboard. 'We have to cut that out, and from (numbers) 1-15 we're not good enough at doing that at the moment. But you can also look at it as a positive because if we cut these silly mistakes out we will be there or thereabouts and performing well. 'Good teams are very disciplined in all areas of the park, whether that's in giving away penalties or when to play the ball and when not to play the ball. 'We have to get up to speed on that and the way we play the game, and we will get the results when that comes. 'We are putting teams under stress. We scored three tries (against Exeter) and we are probably not where we want to be in attack, but we have that belief and it's just about doing the right things.' Gloucester boss David Humphreys has made four changes for the trip to Oxford, with scrum-half Dan Robson, lock Elliott Stooke and flanker Matt Kvesic all making their first starts this term, while John Afoa returns at tighthead prop. Under-performing Gloucester players trudge off the pitch following their 25-23 defeat to Exeter Chiefs . London Welsh also show four switches, including one personnel move, as they look to break their duck after conceding 151 points in losing to Exeter, Bath and Sale. Centre Tom May and wing Rhys Crane are the respective replacements for injured pair Tim Molenaar (knee) and Seb Stegmann (hamstring), while Ollie Stedman starts at number eight and Lachlan McCaffrey features in the blindside flanker's role with Peter Browne absent through injury. 'The first few games have been really tough for us, and we've got some obvious errors to rectify,' Exiles head coach Justin Burnell said. 'As a group, the coaches, management and players all felt our performance in our first home game of the season against Exeter was unacceptable - we let a lot of people down. We will be looking to address that on Friday.'
highlights: Gloucester face London Welsh in the Aviva Premiership on Friday . Cherry and Whites face winless Welsh at the Kassam Stadium . New-look Gloucester have been slow to gel so far this season . Captain Billy Twelvetrees called for them to cut out 'silly mistakes'
id: c82f054d4b5706eeeed89625057dd65532d411a3
chatgpt: The Aviva Premiership will see Gloucester face off against London Welsh at the Kassam Stadium on Friday evening. It's an important game for both teams, but particularly for Gloucester, who have struggled to get going this season. Much of the pre-match talk has been about Gloucester's new-look side and the challenges they face in finding their rhythm. While they have shown flashes of brilliance, they have yet to find the consistency required to mount a serious title challenge. Captain Billy Twelvetrees was candid in his assessment of the team's performance so far. "We've made some silly mistakes," he said. "We need to cut those out if we're going to start winning games." Despite their slow start to the season, Twelvetrees remained upbeat about the team's prospects. "We've got a talented squad," he said. "It's just a question of putting it all together on the pitch." For London Welsh, it's been a tough start to the season, with five defeats from their first five games. They will be looking to pick up their first win of the campaign against a Gloucester side that is still finding its feet. The key for London Welsh will be to play to their strengths and take advantage of any weaknesses in Gloucester's game. They will be eager to put pressure on the Cherry and Whites and force them into making mistakes. Gloucester, on the other hand, will be looking to play with more discipline and make the most of their opportunities. If they can cut out the errors and produce a more cohesive performance, they should have enough quality to come away with the win. One player who could make a big impact for Gloucester is summer signing Matt Banahan. The towering winger has been in good form so far this season and will be looking to add to his try-scoring tally against London Welsh. Overall, it promises to be an intriguing encounter between two teams looking to find their form. Gloucester will be hoping to kick-start their season with a victory, while London Welsh will be desperate to get their first win on the board. Fans can catch all the action on Friday evening at the Kassam Stadium, with kick-off scheduled for 7:45pm.