article: By . Jason Groves, Political Correspondent . PUBLISHED: . 20:58 EST, 13 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:00 EST, 14 November 2012 . Imposing boardroom quotas for women would be 'patronising' and wrong, Women's Minister Maria Miller said yesterday. In a major speech on women's role in the economy yesterday, Mrs Miller dismissed a drive by the European Commission to impose a minimum 40 per cent quota for women on company boards. She said more still needed to be done on both equal opportunities and pay, but insisted policy would not be driven by 'political correctness'. Removing barriers: Women's Minister Maria Miller has called for greater support in helping women reach their goals rather than imposing quotas . 'It makes no sense to stifle the achievement and aspiration of 50 per cent of our society. 'It is absolutely essential that we maximise the contribution that women can make to our economy. 'Not because of political correctness, but because of economic reality. Now more than ever, we need to remove barriers to the workplace. 'The way to do this is not through special treatment or regulation like the European Commission's quotas idea, which patronises women and undermines the business case. 'It is about removing the barriers to achieving their goals, and so that women are supported all the way from the shop floor to the boardroom.' Sources in Brussels last night said the EU was poised to abandon its controversial quota plans because of opposition from Britain and other countries. Mrs Miller also unveiled a £2 million scheme to boost childcare and help more women find a job. Grants of up to £500 will be available from next April for people setting up a nursery or childminding business. The money will help cover legal and insurance costs, health and safety training and equipment, while advice and mentoring will also be offered. Mrs Miller hopes £2million scheme will boost female entrepreneurs . Mrs Miller said the scheme would create jobs and help reverse a decline in the number of childminders, which has been identified as a barrier for women wanting to return to work. She said: 'The childcare industry is already a major employer of women, and this scheme will provide huge opportunities for female entrepreneurs to start up and run their own businesses. 'This is an injection of cash designed to stimulate the sector in tough times, the new scheme will provide more childcare places but will also help get up to 6,000 new childcare businesses off the ground. 'This is an injection of cash designed to stimulate the sector in tough times, the new scheme will provide more childcare places but will also help get up to 6,000 new childcare businesses off the ground.'
highlights: Sources say EU to abandon a minimum 40 per cent quota for women on company boards . Policy should not be driven by political correctness but 'economic reality,' says Women's Minister . £2million scheme unveiled to boost childcare and help more women find jobs .
id: 760e9bf623f9e3eebd3d71d2f3472ab2c05b95df
chatgpt: The European Union is reportedly set to abandon a minimum quota of 40 per cent for women on company boards. Sources say that the EU has decided that the policy should not be driven by political correctness but instead by 'economic reality'. The move comes as the Women's Minister for the UK has spoken out against quotas, arguing that they may not always be the best solution for gender equality. The debate over quotas has been raging in Europe for some time, with supporters arguing that they are essential to help women to break through the glass ceiling and gain equal representation in the boardroom. However, opponents argue that quotas can be counter-productive, forcing companies to appoint women who may not be qualified for the position, leading to resentment from male colleagues. According to sources, the EU has decided that the time has come to take a fresh look at the issue and find a solution that works for everyone. The move is likely to be welcomed by business leaders who have long argued that a merit-based approach is the only way to address the gender imbalance in the boardroom. In the UK, the Women's Minister has unveiled a £2m scheme to boost childcare and help more women find jobs. The initiative is designed to support women who wish to return to work after having children, providing them with the resources they need to overcome the barriers that often prevent them from doing so. The scheme will be funded by the UK government and is part of a broader effort to improve gender equality in the workplace. Supporters of the initiative argue that it will help to address the systemic issues that have long held women back, providing a comprehensive package of support that is tailored to their needs. Opponents, however, argue that the scheme does not go far enough, and that more needs to be done to tackle the root causes of gender inequality. They argue that until the issues of pay inequality, discrimination, and lack of opportunity are addressed, women will continue to face barriers to success in the workplace. Overall, it seems that the debate over gender equality in the workplace is far from over. While the EU's decision to abandon quotas may be a step in the right direction, there is still much work to be done to ensure that women have equal opportunities to succeed in their careers. The Women's Minister's initiative is a promising sign, but it will be up to governments, businesses, and civil society to work together to create a more level playing field for all women, regardless of their background or circumstances.