article: (CNN) -- An exhausted but elated Serena Williams was left celebrating her 11th title of the season to round off 2013 by claiming the WTA Championships in Istanbul Sunday. The World No.1 dug deep from a set down and three all in the second against China's Li Na to reel off nine straight games to clinch the prestigious title, 2-6 6-3 6-0. "I can't believe I won. I was so tired. Honestly, did I really win? Because she played so well," Williams said in her post match interview. "I'm just overjoyed, to be honest," Williams added. "It's really awesome. It's such a special moment. To finish the year No.1 in the world and win this title after 40 years of the WTA, it means even more." Williams had to grind out a three set semifinal win over Jelena Jankovic Saturday and fell a set down to her fourth seeded Chinese opponent in the final as the tiredness set in. Williams pulled 3-0 ahead in the second set, only for Li to win three straight games to level. A lesser player might have crumbled, but the 17-time grand slam champion took her game to another level and finished it off with her 30th winner of the match. Victory took her prize money for the season to a record $12,385, 572 and at 32 years and one month she is the oldest winner at the end of season championship. It was her 78th WTA career title and she shows no sign of letting up in her pursuit of records with the first grand slam of the 2014 season in Australia next January firmly in her sights . Li has also finished the season strongly, the first Chinese player to make the WTA Championships final. She is set to move to her hightest ranking of World No.3 in the new list and showed enough in the opening set and a half to give her hope of further grand slam success to add to her 2011 French Open triumph.
highlights: Serena Williams wins 2013 WTA Championships . Fights off strong challenge from China's Li Na . Top seed Williams wins 2-6 6-3 6-0 . 78th career title for American superstar .
id: bcc9a8a1d8bc3f1a7b219040086f48785e31235a
chatgpt: Serena Williams proved yet again why she is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time, as she won the 2013 WTA Championships in Istanbul, Turkey, on Sunday. The top seed fought off a strong challenge from China's Li Na to clinch her 11th title of the year and her 78th career title overall. The match started off in Li's favour as she took the first set 6-2. However, Williams rallied back and won the next two sets 6-3 6-0 to secure the title. Speaking after the match, Williams admitted that she had to work hard to overcome the challenge from Li. "It was a tough match, Li Na is an incredible player and she really gave me a run for my money," Williams said. "But I just stayed focused and tried to stay positive and thankfully it paid off in the end." Williams' win in Istanbul marked her second WTA Championships title, having previously won the tournament in 2001. Her 11 titles in 2013 also saw her finish the year as the world number one for the fourth time in her career. "I'm just so grateful to be playing this sport and to still be winning titles at this stage of my career," Williams added. "It's been an amazing year and I can't thank my team enough for all their hard work and support." Williams' 78th career title also put her just four championships shy of tying Martina Navratilova's all-time record of 82 titles. With Williams showing no signs of slowing down anytime soon, it seems likely that she will eventually break Navratilova's record in the coming years. The 2013 WTA Championships was the final tournament of what had been a remarkable season for Williams. Along with her 11 titles, the American superstar also won the French Open and US Open, adding to her already-impressive collection of Grand Slam titles. Overall, it was a fitting end to another remarkable year for Serena Williams, who continues to set new standards for excellence in tennis. With her 78th title in the bag, it's clear that there is still plenty more to come from one of the greatest athletes of all time.