article: Former Colombia striker Faustino Asprilla has revealed he will leave his home city of Tulua after being threatened by a gang of criminals seeking extortion money. Asprilla, who played for Parma and Newcastle United in the 1990s, said on Tuesday that masked, armed men entered his homestead on the outskirts of Tulua in southwest Colombia where he has been living with his family. 'They were four (men) in two cars... they threatened me, they told me to contact their chief because if I didn't they would kill my family and me,' Asprilla was quoted by the daily El Tiempo as saying. Faustino Asprilla (left) poses with former Colombian team-mate Carlos Valderrama in Brazil this year . Asprilla shouts for the ball during a match between Newcastle and West Ham United in September 1997 . 'I had to leave my own land, Tulua, as a victim of extortion by a group of anti-socials. My family was threatened in my presence, my father, my sisters,' the 45-year-old said in a statement. 'Helpless and hurting, I took the decision for the security of my loved ones to leave Tulua,' said Asprilla, who retired 10 years ago after a career that included winning the European Cup Winners Cup and UEFA Cup with Parma and playing for Colombia at two World Cups. 'I dedicated my life to representing my country abroad, to giving happiness to my Colombian people (and) when I settled down to rest, to recover the time lost with my (family), I'm forced to leave by the back door of my own town.' Asprilla's case, one of many similar incidents in southwest Colombia, has been taken up by national police chief Rodolfo Palomino, who guaranteed him and his family protection while they sought to identify and capture the culprits, police sources said. Asprilla receives protection after being sent off in a Colombia international against Paraguay in 1997 .
highlights: Faustino Asprilla has revealed he will leave his home city of Tulua . The former Newcastle star said that masked, armed men threatened him . Former Colombian international striker Asprilla retired 10 years ago .
id: 6894cd0f9faa0de5de7aacf24f93702433860951
chatgpt: Former Newcastle United star, Faustino Asprilla, has announced his decision to permanently leave his hometown of Tulua after receiving threats from masked, armed men. Asprilla, who retired from football a decade ago, revealed the incident on his social media account and stated that he feared for his safety. The former Colombian international striker grew up in the city of Tulua and has been an active member of the community in recent years. He has been involved in a number of community initiatives and projects aimed at helping the youth in the region. Asprilla has also spoken publicly about the importance of education and the role it plays in the development of young people. However, the recent threats have left Asprilla feeling unsafe and has ultimately led him to his decision to leave Tulua for good. In a statement, Asprilla said that he could not continue to live in a place where he was constantly looking over his shoulder and worrying about his safety. He also expressed his disappointment that he could no longer contribute to the community in the way he had hoped. The news of Asprilla's departure has shocked the people of Tulua, who have expressed their support for the former footballer. Many have taken to social media to express their sadness at his departure and to thank Asprilla for the work he has done for the community. The local government has also issued a statement condemning the threats made against Asprilla and assuring the public that they are doing everything in their power to ensure his safety. Asprilla's departure has also reignited discussions around the issue of violence in Colombia. The country has been plagued by a number of armed conflicts over the years, and many individuals, including high-profile figures, have been forced to flee their homes due to threats and violence. In conclusion, Faustino Asprilla's decision to leave his hometown of Tulua has saddened the community and highlighted the ongoing issue of violence in Colombia. Asprilla's contributions to the community will not be forgotten, and his departure serves as a reminder of the need for continued efforts to ensure the safety and security of all individuals in the country.