article: After a dramatic late victory against Manchester City in the Champions League midweek, Bayern Munich came crashing down to earth with a goalless draw against Hamburg in the Bundesliga. Manager Pep Guardiola rested several star players including Robert Lewandowski, Mario Gotze and new signing Xabi Alonso while the absence of Franck Ribery was also felt. Arjen Robben was due to start for Bayern but injured himself in the warm-up and was replaced by Thomas Mueller. Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola doesn't look impressed as his side struggled to a 0-0 draw with Hamburg . Bayern chose to rest the likes of Robert Lewandowski and Mario Gotze (R) after their European exertions . Tottenham loanee Lewis Holtby makes a high challenge on Bayern Munich midfielder Pierre Hojbjerg . Hamburg: Drobny, Diekmeier, Ostrzolek, Djourou, Westermann, Arslan (Jiracek 67'), Stieber, Behrami, Müller, Holtby, Lasogga (Green 76') Subs not used: Pereira Reis, Adler, Rudnevs, Steinmann, Nafiu . Booked: Behrami, Müller, Arslan . Bayern Munich: Neuer, Bernat, Rafinha (Götze - 61'), Dante, Boateng, Shaqiri (Lewandowski 66'), Höjbjerg Booked (Alonso 53'), Lahm, Alaba, Müller, Pizarro . Subs not used: Benatia,, Rode, Reina . Booked: Neuer, Höjbjerg . Ref: Christian Dingert . Att: 57,000 . Hamburg coach Zinnbauer, who took over from the fired Mirko Slomka on Tuesday, earned the club its second point after its worst start to the season in 51 years of the Bundesliga. The home side started well, closing down any space and restricting Bayern's goal opportunities. Claudio Pizarro fired over a rare chance in the 20th minute. Nicolai Mueller almost scored for Hamburg after the break, when Manuel Neuer rushed out of his goal, but his effort drifted just wide. Despite having the lion's share of possession, the Bundesliga champions only registered a paltry three attempts on target as their indifferent start to the domestic season continued. More to follow... World Cup winner Thomas Muller (L) attempts to break the deadlock with a shot past Matthias Ostrzolek (R) Germany No 1 Manuel Neuer was fortunate not to concede after racing wildly out of his area . Former Arsenal defender Johan Djourou (R) gets up close and personal with Bayern forward Claudio Pizarro . Guardiola reacts after seeing his side draw two of their opening four Bundesliga game . Muller and Neuer know it was an opportunity missed after the final whistle against Hamburg .
highlights: Bayern Munich were held to a goalless draw with Hamburg in Bundesliga . Champions defeated Manchester City 1-0 in Champions League midweek . Pep Guardiola rested the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Mario Gotze and  Xabi Alonso . Arjen Robben was due to start but withdrew after being injured in warm-up .
id: 89f8fd047bcc8c967985c5a0db80df0cb0a5aa4d
chatgpt: Bayern Munich came away with a draw in a goalless encounter against Hamburg in the Bundesliga on Saturday. The Bavarian giants were looking to build on their impressive midweek victory over Manchester City in the Champions League, but were held at the Volksparkstadion, much to the frustration of their travelling fans. The game started with a few chances for both sides, but it was Bayern who looked more likely to score. However, they failed to maintain their early dominance and could not convert any of their opportunities. Their hopes were further dented when their Dutch winger, Arjen Robben, was forced to withdraw from the starting lineup after picking up an injury during the warmup. Guardiola lamented the loss of Robben, saying "it was a big blow for us, but we have to move on and make do with what we have." The Spanish coach rested some of his star players for the game, including Xabi Alonso, Robert Lewandowski and Mario Gotze, who all played a key role in the win over Manchester City on Wednesday. Guardiola's rotation policy has been heavily criticized in the past, but he defended his decision, saying he needed to keep his squad fresh for the long league campaign. Bayern tried to step up the tempo in the second half, but Hamburg defended resolutely to earn a valuable point against the German champions. The result meant that Bayern missed the chance to go seven points clear at the top of the Bundesliga, while Hamburg moved out of the relegation places. Despite the disappointing result, Bayern are still on top of the league, and will be hoping to bounce back in their next game against Wolfsburg. Guardiola will be expecting a tough challenge from the Wolves, who have a formidable home record. Overall, it was not the result Bayern were looking for, but they can take heart from their overall form this season, and will be looking to kick on as they try to defend their title. Guardiola will be hoping that Robben's injury is not serious, as the Dutchman has been one of his key players this season. In conclusion, Bayern will be looking to gain some momentum in their upcoming fixtures following their underwhelming draw with Hamburg. Despite their underperformance, the Bavarians will be ready to bounce back in their next game in the quest to defend their title.