article: By . Oliver Pickup . Last updated at 11:08 AM on 28th September 2011 . Slow zone: Conservative MEPs rubbished the suggestion that all EU states should agree to the 20mph limit in residential areas . European Union plans to enforce a mandatory 20mph speed limit in residential zones and replace the Highway Code with European law has sparked outrage from British politicians. Conservative Members of the European Parliament last night slammed the suggestion to decrease the limit as 'silly'. Dozens of road safety suggestions were endorsed thanks to a show of hands by MEPs. They voted on a report drawn up by centre-right MEP Dieter-Lebrecht Koch, whose resolution on behalf of the Parliament's Transport Committee includes the introduction of a 30km speed limit in residential areas. This would include single lane roads in urban areas which have no separate cycle lane, 'with a view to protecting vulnerable road users more effectively'. The proposed limit equates to 18.6mph and is just one of a raft of recommendations which also include harmonised road traffic rules, road signs, road worthiness tests and blood alcohol limits. Ironically, Mr Koch is from Germany, the European country which decades ago warned it would never tolerate interference in its right to have motorways with no speed limits. And although today's proposal is only an 'own initiative' report and unlikely to see the light of legislative day, Tory MEP for the North West and transport spokesman Jacqueline Foster said it was 'another example of Europe trying to dictate to Britain on issues that should be decided locally'. Tory MEP Jacqueline Foster (left) attacked the proposals as 'plain silly'. German MEP Dieter-Lebrecht Koch (right), who put forward the report, believes that his recommendations will halve road deaths by 2020 . She said: 'Of course speed limits as . low as 20mph or so can be right in some very specific areas, especially . near schools or nurseries, but every location is different and these . decisions need to be made case by case. 'Not by a Europe-wide edict.' A British road sign declaring 'Speed limit - 18.64mph' would be 'plain silly' she said. Other ideas among more than 100 from Mr Koch include standardised road signs across the EU, harmonised road worthiness standards for cars, a common drink-driving limit and a standard 'highway code' for all member states. Mr Koch, whose report is a response to a European Commission discussion paper last year on road safety, says his combined measures could halve road accident deaths by 2020 - and help towards his ultimate target of a 'zero death toll' on Europe's roads. 'The choice of measures and their assessment should be a scientific process, based on comparable, high-quality data, definitions and statistics,' said Mr Koch during the debate on his report. 'We expect a harmonised analysis of the causes of accidents and injuries and an EU-wide exchange of data which respects a high standard of data privacy.'
highlights: German MEP says his proposals will halve road accident deaths by 2020 .
id: 37229bb3922fa80f2e0bb3927440c52189f717df
chatgpt: A German MEP has proposed a set of measures aimed at reducing the number of road accidents in Europe. The proposals focused on improving safety measures, increasing penalties for dangerous driving, and investing in infrastructure. According to the MEP, the measures could halve the number of road accident deaths in Europe by 2020. Currently, over 25,000 people are killed on European roads every year, and more than a million others are injured. The proposals put forward by the MEP included increasing the use of safety features such as automatic emergency braking and lane departure warning systems. Other suggested measures included higher fines and harsher penalties for dangerous driving, as well as increased enforcement of speed limits. The MEP also called for greater investment in infrastructure, including improvements in road design and the installation of more safety features, such as crash barriers and speed cameras. The proposals were welcomed by road safety organisations, who have long campaigned for tougher measures to reduce the number of accidents on Europe's roads. The European Transport Safety Council (ETSC) said that the proposals were "an important step in the right direction", but that more needed to be done to ensure that Europe's roads were safe for all. "The number of people losing their lives on Europe's roads is unacceptable," said Antonio Avenoso, Executive Director of the ETSC. "We welcome any initiative that helps to reduce the number of accidents and saves lives." However, not everyone was convinced by the proposals. Some European transport organisations criticised the emphasis on punishment, arguing that education and awareness-raising were also important in reducing the number of accidents on the roads. "Education and awareness-raising are key to improving road safety," said Thomas Balmer, Vice President of the European Transport Organisation. "We need to encourage people to take responsibility for their own safety on the roads, rather than simply punishing those who break the rules." Despite the differences in opinion, it is clear that road safety is a major concern for both European governments and the public. With 25,000 deaths on European roads every year, the need for action is clear. The proposals put forward by the German MEP represent an important step towards reducing the number of accidents on Europe's roads. Whether they will be implemented remains to be seen, but the fact that road safety is firmly on the political agenda is a positive sign. The challenge now is to ensure that the proposals are effectively enforced, and that they lead to a significant reduction in the number of road accidents and deaths across Europe.