article: NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hundreds of people converged on New York's Union Square Friday for the May Day Immigration Rally, calling for workers' rights and a path to citizenship for the country's nearly 12 million undocumented immigrants. New Yorker's support the rights of undocumented workers on Friday at a May Day rally. The annual event, which began in 2006, was organized by the May 1st Coalition for Workers and Immigrants Rights. Similar rallies were scheduled across the nation in Boston, Massachusetts; Detroit, Michigan; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; San Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco in California, and San Antonio, Texas, according to the group's Web site. Following rally cries from speakers in both English and Spanish, demonstrators braved a rainstorm and marched approximately two miles to New York's Federal Plaza. Among the participants was Saul Linares, who emigrated from El Salvador six years ago and works at a Long Island factory making equipment for the U.S. Army. Linares is particularly concerned about children who are American citizens, yet whose illegal immigrant parents have been deported. "The children are living alone, sometimes with relatives, at churches or with neighbors," he said. Teresa Gutierrez, a co-coordinator of the event, blames current government policy for the United States' immigration woes. She said she believes the Clinton administration's landmark 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA -- which was meant to promote cross-border growth between the United States and Mexico -- actually had exploitive effects on the Mexican population. "Immigrants came because of NAFTA. They don't risk their lives crossing the border because they want to, but because they have to," she said. A smaller anti-illegal immigration rally assembled across the street, organized by the New Yorkers for Immigration Control and Enforcement. Charles Maron, a New York firefighter and husband of a first generation Pakistani, believes illegal immigrants who commit crimes should be deported. "Someone who comes, teaches their kids the American way, I support that." Participants in the May Day rally included people from Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. According to Gregory Jesus Luc, who is producing a documentary about the plight of Haitian immigrants, "It's about awareness, letting media and America know that we are immigrants and we are the backbone of this country."
highlights: May Day rally seeks path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . Similar rallies take place in cities across United States . Anti-illegal immigration rally in New York draws a smaller crowd .
id: daca47b7d98f341d14a885bc635d72e972bde6c9
chatgpt: On Saturday, May 1st, immigrant rights activists held May Day rallies in several cities across the United States, demanding a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. The event was held to commemorate International Workers' Day, which celebrates the struggles and achievements of working people worldwide.  In cities like Los Angeles, Chicago, and Phoenix, thousands of people participated in the May Day rallies, calling for comprehensive immigration reform that would provide a pathway to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrants living in the United States. In Los Angeles, the event began with a traditional Aztec dance and featured speakers from various labor unions and community organizations.  "Our demand is very clear: We want a just and humane immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship for all undocumented immigrants," said Jorge-Mario Cabrera, a spokesperson for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles. The May Day rally in New York, however, saw a smaller turnout, with only a few hundred people participating. The event was also met with a counter-protest, led by anti-illegal immigration activists who argue that undocumented immigrants are a drain on the economy and a threat to national security. "We're here to say that illegal immigration is not immigration at all," said Pamela Geller, one of the organizers of the counter-protest. "It's an invasion, and it needs to stop." The May Day rallies come at a time when immigration is once again at the forefront of national debate. President Joe Biden has promised to introduce a comprehensive immigration reform bill that would provide a pathway to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrants. The bill, known as the U.S. Citizenship Act of 2021, would also prioritize family reunification, expand worker protections, and provide funding for border security measures. However, the bill faces fierce opposition from Republicans who argue that it would encourage more illegal immigration and put a strain on the economy. Democrats have a slim majority in the House and Senate, which means that passing the bill will be a difficult task. Despite the challenges, immigrant rights activists remain hopeful that their demands for a pathway to citizenship will be heard. "We're not going to stop fighting until we win justice and dignity for our community," said Cabrera. "We know it's going to be a long and difficult road, but we're here to stay."