article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 05:38 EST, 8 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:27 EST, 8 February 2013 . A schoolboy is in a medically induced coma after a fight with classmates who he and his family claim were bullying him. Sixth-grader Bailey O'Neil, from Darby Township, Pennsylvania, was involved in a fight four weeks ago at the Darby Township School. The honors student was struck several times in the face by another student and left with a fractured his nose before falling to the ground. Scroll down for video . Sixth-grader Bailly O'Neil is in a medically induced coma after a schoolyard fight with classmates who he and his family claim were bullying him . Bailey's . parents brought their son, who had a concussion, to the A.I. DuPont . hospital in Wilmington, Delaware, where he was treated and released. But his father Rob saw that something wasn’t quite right with their son when they returned home. 'He was sleeping. He was moody. He wasn’t himself. He was angry a little bit. He wasn’t really eating,' Mr O'Neil told ABC News. Just a few days later, Bailey started having violent seizures and needed to be hospitalized again. The seizures were so bad doctors at A.I. DuPont were forced to put Bailey in a medically induced coma nearly two weeks ago. ABC News contacted A.I. DuPont Hospital the staff said they were unable to provide an update  on Bailey’s current condition because of privacy laws. Darby Township School's yard where Bailey was struck several times in the face by another student . Bailey's father Rob was concerned that something wasn¿t quite right with their son when they returned home . The school has turned the investigation over to local police and is cooperating fully with their efforts . 'Every day I’m trying to stay strong for him,' Mr O'Neil said. 'When you get into that hospital room and you’re looking at him, I would trade places in a heartbeat.  It’s my buddy, you know.' Southeast Delco School District Superintendent Stephen Butz said the school has turned the investigation over to local police and is cooperating fully with their efforts. 'We take bullying seriously,' he said.  'We are very concerned about the medical condition of the student and our thoughts and prayers are with the family and students.' According to Bailey’s father, the boy who struck his son was suspended for two days following the incident, but police have not filed any criminal charges in the case.
highlights: Bailey O'Neil was involved in a fight four weeks ago and suffered seizures days later . Doctors decided to put the sixth-grader into medically induced coma .
id: 795a9a017f126a8522ad7bda24a672d5f1689adf
chatgpt: Bailey O'Neil, a sixth-grader from Darby Township School, is currently fighting for his life after being involved in a fight four weeks ago. According to reports, the 12-year-old boy suffered seizures days after the altercation, prompting doctors to put him into a medically induced coma. Details about the fight are still unclear, but school officials have confirmed that the incident took place on school grounds. The school district released a statement expressing sadness and concern about Bailey's condition and promising to cooperate with authorities to investigate the incident. Bailey's family is understandably devastated by the turn of events. They have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for his medical expenses and have been keeping supporters updated on his progress via social media. As of now, Bailey remains in critical condition, and doctors are monitoring his brain activity closely. His mother, Jina Risoldi, told reporters that he has shown some signs of improvement, but they are taking things day by day. The incident has sparked outrage and concern from members of the community, many of whom are calling for increased efforts to combat bullying in schools. Students and teachers alike have been wearing blue ribbons and bracelets in support of Bailey and his family. Darby Township School officials have pledged to work with parents and students to create a safer and more inclusive environment. They plan to hold a meeting in the coming days to address concerns and brainstorm solutions. Meanwhile, Bailey's family is urging parents to talk to their children about the importance of kindness and compassion. They hope that his story will serve as a wake-up call to the seriousness of bullying and the lasting effects it can have on young people. The incident serves as a stark reminder of the need for greater attention to be paid to the issue of bullying in schools. As Bailey fights for his life, the community is rallying around him and his loved ones, sending prayers and positive thoughts for his recovery.