article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 07:35 EST, 11 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:11 EST, 12 January 2013 . A jailed cocaine dealer has been ordered to sell his hoard of gold jewellery and Italian designer jackets worth tens of thousands of pounds. Darren Bowles and his school dinner lady girlfriend, Amanda Miller, both 43, were jailed in 2011 after living the 'life of Riley' off money made from drug dealing. The couple enjoyed five-star breaks in Las Vegas, had Manchester United and Wigan Athletic season tickets and kitted out their New Moston home with lavish furnishings and expensive electrical goods. Hand it over: Darren Bowles (left) and his girlfriend Amanda Miller (right) have been ordered to pay back £60k . But the good times ended after police raided a safety deposit box in Manchester City Centre and found £134,000 of drug money - with Bowles' fingerprints on. Bowles was jailed for seven-and-a-half years after admitting possessing cocaine with intent to supply, possessing an offensive weapon, possessing and concealing criminal property and benefit fraud, while Miller got 18 months after admitting possessing criminal property and benefit fraud. Now, the couple has been ordered to hand over nearly £60,000 under the Proceeds of Crime Act, which is designed to strip criminals of their ill-gotten gains. Manchester Crown Court heard that in order to pay back his £36,536 share of the bill, Bowles must arrange for the sale of an Audi A3, a Volvo, eight gold pocket watches, a gold wristwatch, a ladies' Cartier watch, two gold chains, 15 Stone Island designer jackets and six CP Company designer jackets. Busted: Police raided a safety deposit box in Manchester City Centre and found £134,000 of drug money . He also forfeits thousands of pounds in cash which has been seized by police. Miller must turn over £22,542 and must also sell a collection of silver coins and a designer Burberry coat. When the pair were sent down, Judge Andrew Blake said the public would be 'rightly appalled' at their lavish lifestyle. Ill-gotten gains: Bowles must sell items including a Cartier watch and his Audi A3 car similar to ones pictured (file pictures) Lavish: Bowles' gold pocket watches will be sold as well as 15 Stone Island designer jackets (file pictures) The court heard that Bowles - who kept high-purity cocaine in snap-bags in the bedroom - protected his enterprise with a state-of-the-art home CCTV system and a CS gas canister. He wore Hugo Boss suits and jetted off to Hong Kong, Bali, South Africa, Australia and Thailand. He also spent £7,000 on private dental care after his teeth were ravaged by years of drug abuse.
highlights: Darren Bowles and Amanda Miller lived the 'life of Riley' enjoying five star holidays to Las Vegas before they were jailed in 2011 . Couple ordered to hand over nearly £60,000 under the Proceeds of Crime Act, designed to strip criminals of their ill-gotten gains . Items include an Audi A3, eight gold pocket watches, a ladies' Cartier watch and Italian designer jackets .
id: 008c18c6471ee503fccdf7811463ec8ff4de09b7
chatgpt: A couple who lived a lavish lifestyle by going on five-star vacations and buying expensive items have been ordered to hand over nearly £60,000 under the Proceeds of Crime Act. Darren Bowles and Amanda Miller, who previously enjoyed the "life of Riley" by taking luxurious trips to Las Vegas, were jailed in 2011. The couple has been found guilty of procuring and supplying cocaine, and as part of their punishment, they were ordered to pay the amount they earned from selling drugs. The Proceeds of Crime Act is designed to strip criminals of their ill-gotten gains, and in this case, it resulted in the seizure of several luxury items. Among the items seized from Bowles and Miller were an Audi A3, eight gold pocket watches, a Cartier watch, and Italian designer jackets. The items were part of the assets owned by the couple that were linked to their drug business. However, the authorities found that the items were not acquired through legal means, and thus should be confiscated. The couple is not the first to face the consequences of this act, which is used widely in the UK to curb organized crime. The legislation has been designed to target criminals and their accomplices, which intends to prevent them from profiting from illegal activities. The UK authorities have been able to recover millions of pounds from criminals using the Proceeds of Crime Act. Enforcement agencies, such as the National Crime Agency and police, have the power to seize cash and assets which they suspect are derived from criminal activity. Once confiscated, the assets are sold, and the proceeds are further used to fight crimes. Experts believe that seizing assets is a powerful tool in the fight against organized crime. It sends out a strong message to people who choose to engage in criminal activities, that they will not be able to keep the ill-gotten gains that they have made. In the case of Bowles and Miller, while they may have enjoyed their luxurious lifestyle through drug dealing, they will now have to face consequences that reflect the reality of their actions. The Proceeds of Crime Act has demonstrated that crime does not pay, and criminals must forfeit the illegal gains they make.