article: By . James Drummond . PUBLISHED: . 05:09 EST, 3 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:37 EST, 3 May 2013 . A prisoner has been banned from receiving his weekly copy of Shooting Times by jail chiefs because it contained pictures of guns after the Government cracked down on inmate perks. But convict Gregg Hill bemoaned the decision and said he loved flicking through the countryside magazine, which also includes articles on 'farming, conservation and fishing’. Writing in Inside Time this week, ‘the national newspaper for prisoners’, Hill said the decision by bosses came after the recent crackdown on 'holiday camp prisons' by Justice Secretary Chris Grayling. Crack down: A prisoner has been banned from receiving his weekly copy of Shooting Times by jail chiefs in Cambridgeshire because it contained pictures of guns after the Justice Secretary Chris Grayling (right) curbed inmate perks . Mr Grayling announced this week that prisoners will no longer have an automatic right to a TV in their cell, will have all 18-rated DVDs confiscated and be forced to wear a prison uniform in their first two weeks inside. But Hill, who is currently enjoying a stay at HMP Littlehey, a Category C prison in Cambridgeshire, decried the decision and described himself as a ‘country boy’ at heart. He said Shooting Times, which has a weekly circulation of just under 22,200, and was first published in 1882, did not tell him how to make a machine gun. He moaned: ‘Not only are we being treated like impressionable children by being denied the right to buy 18 rated DVDs, but it appears I can no longer get my magazine The Shooting Times because it contains guns. Inside: Prison chiefs at HMP Littlehey, a Category C prison in Cambridgeshire, have banned an inmate from reading his favourite magazine because it contained pictures of guns . ‘The Shooting Times, for these who don't know, is full of articles on shooting, fieldcraft, farming, conservation, fishing, dog breeding and cookery. ‘Nowhere in its pages does it inform you how to make an AK47 out of everyday items you might find in a prison cell.’ ‘I am a country boy and these things are my interest.’ He added: ‘Next they'll be banning performance car magazines in case someone builds a Ferrari out of prison-issue tracksuits.’ Mr Grayling said this week that it was wrong that some prisoners were 'watching daytime television while the rest of the country goes out to work'. He said: ‘For too long, there has been an expectation that privileges are an automatic right, given simply as a reward for staying out of trouble. ‘This cannot continue. Prisoners need to earn privileges, not simply through the avoidance of bad behaviour. 'But also by working, taking part in education or accepting the opportunities to rehabilitate themselves.’ The changes followed a review which criticised the ‘frills’ available to prisoners but unaffordable for ordinary families. A Prison Service spokesperson said today: 'Items such as this are not considered appropriate for prisoners.'
highlights: Inmate Gregg Hill banned from reading his favourite magazine . Told prisoner newspaper that he was treated like 'impressionable child' Decision came after Government crack down on 'holiday camp' prisons .
id: 17c846df22ffbe425efbd80395e9cb23ed17d1bb
chatgpt: An inmate at a British prison has been banned from reading his favourite magazine following a crackdown by the government on so-called "holiday camp" prisons. Gregg Hill, who is serving a sentence in a Category C facility, told a prisoner newspaper that he feels he is being treated like an "impressionable child" after he was informed that he was no longer allowed to receive the magazine. Hill's favourite magazine, which has not been named, has been deemed inappropriate by prison officials, who say the publication promotes "negative behavior" among inmates. The move comes as part of a wider initiative by the government to put an end to "holiday camp" prisons, which are facilities that provide prisoners with too many luxuries and too little discipline. Prisoners in these types of facilities are said to have access to a range of amenities, such as satellite TV, private rooms, and even gaming consoles, which are not typically found in other prisons. This, according to the government, makes the facilities too comfortable for inmates and does not provide enough of a deterrent to prevent them from reoffending. In response to this problem, the government has launched a program to toughen up prison conditions, which includes a ban on certain magazines, as well as stricter rules on the use of mobile phones, smoking, and even the wearing of certain types of clothing. However, some inmates have criticized the move, saying that they are being treated unfairly and that the government is taking away their rights. Hill, for example, believes that he should be allowed to read whatever he wants, and that he is being punished simply because he is in prison. "Prison is meant to be about rehabilitation, not punishment," he said. "Taking away things like magazines just makes us feel like we're being punished all over again." Despite the criticism, the government has defended its program, saying that it is necessary to make prisons more effective at deterring crime and reducing reoffending rates. "Prison is not meant to be a holiday camp," said a spokesperson for the Ministry of Justice. "We need to make sure that inmates have access to the things they need to rehabilitate, but we also need to make sure that prisons are tough enough to discourage people from reoffending." It remains to be seen whether other inmates will follow Hill's lead and speak out against the government's new prison policies, or whether they will simply accept the new rules and try to get on with their sentences as best they can. For now, Hill says he will continue to fight for his right to read his favorite magazine, and he hopes that other prisoners will join him in his campaign for greater freedom and better prison conditions.