article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:46 EST, 23 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:31 EST, 24 July 2013 . Immigrants will be able to benefit from the new Help to Buy scheme because the Government is powerless to impose a ban on European Union nationals. As a result, any couple or single person born abroad in any country from Spain to Romania could use taxpayers’ money to get onto the housing ladder. But, in reality, the strict criteria imposed by mortgage lenders taking part in the controversial scheme mean only those with a perfect credit history and proof of UK address will actually be able to benefit. Any couple or single person born abroad in any country from Spain to Romania could use taxpayers¿ money to get onto the housing ladder . Mortgage lenders have a long list of hurdles which first-time buyers and existing homeowners must jump over in order to qualify for a mortgage - and recent immigrants will not qualify. These rules will still apply to the Help to Buy scheme when it launches in January, which will only be open to UK residents. For example, you have to be able to able to provide proof of income, previous UK home addresses and have a credit history in this country which the lender can verify. A lender such as Virgin Money wants to be able to see at least three years’ of previous addresses in this country. Mortgage lenders have a long list of hurdles which first-time buyers and existing homeowners must jump over in order to qualify for a mortgage - and recent immigrants will not qualify . Last night, one banking source said: ‘Even you have an awesome credit rating in Spain, you need one in the UK to get a mortgage here.’ Typically a bank will ask for around six months’ proof of income if you are employed, or around two years’ of business accounts if you are self-employed. You must have an excellent credit rating in the UK, such as being able to prove that you have kept up with credit card payments for a year or not fallen behind with your mobile phone bill. David Hollingworth, from the mortgage broker London & Country, said: ‘Lenders are not going to lend to somebody who they cannot track at all, no matter where you are from. ‘Many want you to be on the electoral roll, and you must have a credit track record in the UK, such as paying off a credit card for years. ‘If you do not have a credit history at all, you might be a potentially brilliant customer but they will not lend to you.’ Additional rules, imposed by the Treasury, mean you cannot use the Help to Buy scheme if you already own another property, even if it is in a different country.
highlights: People from all EU countries can't be banned from the scheme . But strict mortgage criteria means most might not benefit .
id: 323832ec6417fd9d2e30252377250de3b17e369d
chatgpt: The European Union (EU) has announced a new mortgage scheme that is meant to benefit all of its citizens. However, strict mortgage criteria may limit who can actually take advantage of this new scheme. The scheme aims to offer mortgages with low-interest rates to homeowners who are looking to buy or renovate their homes. People from all EU countries are allowed to participate in the scheme; however, tough mortgage criteria may make it difficult for some to benefit. The scheme was devised after concerns were raised about high mortgage rates in the EU. The EU's executive arm, the European Commission, has been pushing for a more open and competitive mortgage market in the EU to make it easier for people to own their own homes. The scheme is expected to be run by a group of European banks, which will be supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB). The banks will offer mortgages to people with interest rates that are below the current market rate. Although interest rates will be lower, not everyone will be eligible for the new scheme due to strict mortgage criteria. The criteria is meant to ensure that only people who can afford to make their mortgage payments receive financing. For instance, the banks will require that applicants have a certain level of income, a good credit score, and a sizeable deposit. If an applicant does not meet all of these criteria, they might lose the chance to get a mortgage. Additionally, the banks will require that properties purchased with the scheme are in good condition and in a desirable location. This means that people looking to buy homes that are in poor condition or in less desirable locations may not be able to participate in the mortgage plan. Although the scheme is meant to benefit citizens across the EU, it may be limited in its reach. In countries such as Greece, Croatia, and Italy, where economic challenges have resulted in high levels of unemployment, few people may meet the scheme's requirements. According to some experts, there is a concern that the banks may not lend to people who do not meet the mortgage criteria, even if they have a good business plan. In response to these concerns, the European Commission has implemented a monitoring system, which will track how banks are lending to people across the EU. This will allow the EU to identify any issues early on and make necessary adjustments to the scheme. Overall, many people are welcoming the scheme and see it as a step in the right direction towards making it easier for people to own their own homes. The EU has been working to create more opportunities for people to access affordable home ownership, and the new mortgage scheme is a clear indication of this effort. Despite the tight mortgage criteria, many across the EU are hoping that the scheme will prove effective in providing greater access to affordable home ownership, with the hope that over time, the criteria may be loosened to make the scheme more widely available.