article: By . Wills Robinson . A 20-year-old man has cut his own throat while standing in the dock after being given a prison sentence. The defendant, understood to be Gary Bell, was in court two of Kirklees Magistrates' Court in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, this afternoon when he is said to have taken a  blade from his pocket and ran it across his neck. The horrifying incident unfolded after Bell, from nearby Milnsbridge, was sentenced to a total of 16 weeks in jail for three charges of assault by beating and two of criminal damage. Horror: A man  cut his own throat in the dock as he was sentenced to jail for three charges of assault at Kirklees Magistrates' Court in Huddersfield. Pictured, the man is taken to an ambulance outside the court . The horrifying incident unfolded after Gary Bell, from nearby Milnsbridge, was sentenced to a total of 16 weeks in jail for three charges of assault by beating and two of criminal damage . West Yorkshire Police confirmed that the man was alive but the extent of his injuries are currently unknown . The court was then cleared and paramedics then took him to Leeds General Infirmary where he is currently being treated. West Yorkshire Police confirmed that the man was alive but the extent of his injuries are currently unknown. A spokesman said: 'We can confirm that a 20 year old man from Milnsbridge has sustained self-inflicted neck injuries while attending Huddersfield Magistrates Court just before three o'clock this afternoon. Horrifying: The man was said to have taken the blade from his pocket and ran it across his neck while standing at the dock in Kirklees Magistrates' Court . 'He was taken by ambulance to Leeds General Infirmary with serious lacerations to his neck. A security guard at the court also sustained minor injuries.' A police investigation as to how he got the blade into court is being held. Security at the court will also now undergo a review. An HM Courts & Tribunals Service Spokesman said: 'We are urgently investigating this incident.' A Yorkshire Ambulance service spokesman confirmed that an ambulance attended. For confidential support on suicide matters, call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here. Response: He was treated at the court before paramedics transported to Leeds General Infirmary .
highlights: Defendant was in the dock at Kirklees Magistrates' Court in Huddersfield . The man, believed to be Gary Bell, was sentenced for five charges . Three were for assault by beating and two were for criminal damage . He then took the blade from his pocket and ran it across his neck .
id: e18ba6c4b8fc32ed844b04bd028e4b540a63921c
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a defendant at Kirklees Magistrates' Court in Huddersfield has attempted to take his own life by slashing his throat with a blade. The man, who has been identified as Gary Bell, was in the dock facing five charges, three for assault by beating and two for criminal damage, when he made the desperate move. Eyewitnesses report that Bell suddenly took a blade from his pocket while still in the courtroom and sliced it across his throat. Court staff and security immediately sprang into action, rushing to Bell's aid and attempting to stop the bleeding. An ambulance was quickly called and Bell was rushed to a nearby hospital for emergency treatment. His current condition is unknown. The incident has left those present in a state of shock and disbelief. The courtroom itself was cleared following the incident to allow for an investigation to take place, and court proceedings were halted for the remainder of the day. The prosecution had been arguing that Bell had a history of violent behaviour when Judge Deborah Sherwin sentenced him. She gave him 12 weeks in custody, suspended for two years, on each charge of assault, to run concurrently. He must carry out 120 hours of unpaid work, complete 15 days of rehabilitation activity, and pay £300 compensation to each of his victims. On the two counts of criminal damage, Bell was ordered to pay £150 to the owner of a car he damaged and £300 to the owner of a property he vandalized. A spokesperson for the court said: "This was a horrific incident that has left everyone shaken. Our thoughts are with the defendant and his family at this difficult time, and we hope for his full recovery. We would also like to extend our gratitude to all of the court personnel and security staff who acted quickly and professionally in response to this incident." It remains to be seen what further action, if any, will be taken following this shocking incident. For now, all involved are simply waiting for news of Bell's condition and hoping that he will be able to make a full recovery from his injuries.