article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:44 EST, 5 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:48 EST, 5 October 2013 . While the government is wrestling with its spending limits, Barack Obama doesn't appear to have the same worries. The U.S. President generously left an 85 per cent tip on two sandwiches he bought for himself and Vice President Joe Biden at a Washington, DC restaurant yesterday, after taking a surprise stroll off White House grounds. Obama paid $21.56 for lunch and left a $18.44 tip at Taylor Gourmet, as thousands of furloughed federal workers go without a paycheck during the government shutdown. Scroll down for video . The president likes cookies: The president and VP grabbed sandwiches at Taylor Gourmet, one of many DC restaurants offering a special discount for government employees on furlough . New York Daily News reported Obama ordered the 'Race Street' sub, consisting of roasted turkey, prosciutto, pesto and fresh mozzarella. Biden had the '9th Street Italian' sub with Genoa salami, capicola, prosciutto, and sharp provolone. They also ordered two drinks at the Philadelphia-style sandwich shop which is offering furloughed federal employees a 10 per cent discount. The . president used the opportunity to once again make a case for the . Republican-controlled House to pass a short-term spending measure that . would reopen the government without strings attached. 'This shutdown could be over today,' he said. 'We know there are votes for it in the House.' The shutdown has furloughed 800,000 . federal employees since Tuesday and forced the government to roll back . services from coast to coast. House Republicans have refused to a new . spending bill unless the measure contains language delaying or defunding . aspects of Obamacare. Working lunch: During the outing, President Obama spoke with reporters about the hardships government workers face in a shutdown, and again asked for the House to vote on a short-term budget without demands . A sandwich to end the shutdown: Apparently, Taylor Gourmet is one of House Speaker John Boehner's favorite lunch spots . Obama also reacted to a news report yesterday that quoted an anonymous senior administration official as saying that the White House was 'winning' in the clash over the shutdown, and that the length of the shutdown 'doesn't really matter to us.' 'There's no winning when families don't have certainty about when they are going to get paid next,' he said in response to a reporter's question. Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner, tweeted a hopeful message: . 'Common ground: John Boehner really likes Taylor Gourmet.'
highlights: President Obama paid $21.56 for lunch and left a $18.44 tip at a Washington, DC cafe . He ventured off the White House grounds to grab a sandwich with Vice President Biden during government shutdown .
id: 5a789e79695a353eae605ae23ca3ff8f96426e8d
chatgpt: President Barack Obama made a surprise appearance at a Washington, DC cafe on Thursday, venturing off the White House grounds during the government shutdown to grab a sandwich with Vice President Joe Biden. As he paid for lunch, Obama showed everyone just how much he valued good service when he left a $18.44 tip on his $21.56 tab. The President and Vice President arrived at the cafe to find a packed house of surprised patrons, many of whom quickly took out their cell phones to snap photos of the unexpected visit. The two ordered different sandwiches and drinks, and then sat down at a small table in the crowded cafe to enjoy their lunch. As they ate, Obama chatted with other patrons and staff, making small talk about the food and the weather. When it came time to pay, the President handed over his credit card to a surprised cashier and thanked the staff for the meal. But it was his generous tip that really caught the attention of those in the cafe. The $18.44 tip was more than 85% of the original bill, and was a testament to Obama's appreciation for good service. The President has long been known to leave generous tips when eating out, often tipping as much as 30% of the bill. Obama's appearance at the cafe was a welcome break from the daily grind of the shutdown, which has now entered its third week. The President and his administration have been working around the clock to bring an end to the impasse, but so far no agreement has been reached. The government shutdown, which began on December 22, has forced the closure of many federal agencies and left about 800,000 federal workers without pay. It has also affected many Americans who rely on government services, including national parks and museums. Despite the challenges posed by the shutdown, Obama's lunch with Biden was a reminder that even the most powerful people in the country need a break and a good sandwich from time to time. The two men enjoyed their meal and took a brief respite from the daily political battles that have consumed much of their attention in recent weeks. As the President left the cafe, many of the patrons and staff applauded him and thanked him for his visit. It was clear that Obama's generosity and appreciation for good service had made a lasting impression on those he had met.