article: Beijing (CNN) -- China says it has had "a frank, in-depth talk" with North Korea about the situation on the Korean Peninsula after Pyongyang's announcement of a planned satellite launch provoked an international outcry. Wu Dawei, China's special representative for the Korean Peninsula, met with Ri Yong Ho, a senior North Korean nuclear negotiator, in Beijing on Monday. Wu told the Chinese broadcaster CCTV that he and Ri had exchanged "opinions on the topic of preserving the peace and stability of the Korean Peninsula," as well as on Pyongyang's planned satellite launch. China appears to be putting pressure on North Korea over the plan to fire off a long-range rocket that the North says will carry the satellite into orbit. South Korea has called the announcement a "grave provocation" that contravenes U.N. Security Council resolutions. And the Japanese defense minister, Naoki Tanaka, said Monday that he would consider ordering the destruction of the projectile if it presented a risk to Japan. Chinese Executive Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun expressed "concern" when he met North Korean ambassador Ji Jae Ryong on Friday, the official Xinhua News Agency reported over the weekend. "We sincerely hope parties concerned stay calm and exercise restraint and avoid escalation of tension that may lead to a more complicated situation," Xinhua quoted Zhang as saying. China rarely puts public pressure on its northern neighbor, which relies on Beijing's political, economic and diplomatic support. North Korea announced Friday that it plans to launch a satellite into space next month to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of its founder, Kim Il Sung, grandfather of Pyongyang's new leader Kim Jong-un. The United States says the rocket launch would be a "deal-breaker" for a recent aid agreement between the United States and North Korea. In closed-door meetings partly brokered by China, North Korea last month agreed to stop nuclear tests, uranium enrichment and long-range missile launches in exchange for resumption of U.S. food aid. The announced missile launch also could derail recent efforts to reconvene the multilateral talks, known as six-party talks, on denuclearizing North Korea. The launch is expected to take place April 12 to 16. North Korea says it plans to invite experts and the media to observe the launch. Pyongyang has also invited the International Atomic Energy Agency to return, nearly three years after it kicked U.N. nuclear inspectors out of the country, the IAEA said Monday. CNN's Junko Ogura and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.
highlights: North Korea's announcement of a satellite launch has provoked alarm . China says it held 'frank' talks with Pyongyang on the situation in the region . Japan says it is considering destroying the launch rocket, if it poses a risk .
id: b6e2144fbae1eba1894a0f16c82afc215ddfde4c
chatgpt: North Korea's planned launch of a satellite next month has raised concerns among its neighbors and beyond. On Tuesday, North Korean state media announced that the country's space program was preparing to launch a new Earth observation satellite, the Kwangmyongsong-5, aboard a Unha-3 rocket. North Korea says it aims to use the satellite to monitor the environment, but its neighbors are skeptical. Japan has said that it is ready to shoot down the rocket if it poses a threat to its national security. The country's defense minister, Itsunori Onodera, said on Wednesday that Japan would take "necessary measures" to protect itself against the North Korean rocket, which is scheduled to fly over the southern Japanese island of Okinawa. "We cannot ignore it as military action by North Korea might be disguised as a satellite launch," he said. Meanwhile, China has expressed concern about the situation in the region, saying that it has held "frank" discussions with North Korea on the issue. "We hope that all parties concerned can exercise restraint and avoid actions that may escalate tensions in the region," said Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang at a press briefing on Wednesday. The United States, too, has expressed alarm about North Korea's satellite launch. "This is yet another example of North Korea's destabilizing conduct and blatant disregard for international law," said State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau in a statement on Tuesday. "We call on North Korea to refrain from using ballistic missile technology and cease any further provocation." North Korea has defended its right to launch the satellite, saying that it is for peaceful purposes only. "The DPRK's space development is a sovereign state's legitimate right and it is for peaceful purposes to improve the people's living," said a spokesman for North Korea's National Aerospace Development Administration. However, the international community remains skeptical of North Korea's intentions. The UN Security Council has condemned the country's previous missile launches, which are seen as a cover for testing ballistic missile technology. The launch of a satellite could also be used as a pretext for testing missile technology and advancing its nuclear program. North Korea's satellite launch comes amid heightened tensions in the region. The country has conducted a number of nuclear tests and missile launches in recent years, and its escalating rhetoric has raised concerns about the possibility of military conflict. The international community has called on North Korea to abandon its nuclear and missile programs, but the country has shown no signs of slowing down its efforts. As the launch date approaches, concerns are likely to grow. Japan and its neighbors are already taking steps to prepare for any potential threats. The situation in the region remains tense, and it will require careful diplomacy and international cooperation to avoid further escalation.