article: (CNN) -- "7th Heaven" star Stephen Collins has admitted to inappropriate sexual contact with three female minors, People reports. The actor released a statement to the publication in light of child molestation accusations that arose in the midst of his divorce proceedings. Collins was the subject of reports in October after his wife, Faye Grant, said he admitted to her he molested three underage girls. TMZ posted an audio recording that was alleged to have been made during a November 2012 therapy session involving Collins and his wife during which he made incriminating statements. Stephen Collins' estranged wife says there's no extortion attempt . The incidents reportedly happened between 1973 and 1994. In the statement he released to People, Collins said "I have not had an impulse to act out in any such way" in the past 20 years. "Forty years ago, I did something terribly wrong that I deeply regret," he says in the statement. "I have been working to atone for it ever since. I've decided to address these issues publicly because two months ago, various news organizations published a recording made by my then-wife, Faye Grant, during a confidential marriage therapy session in January, 2012. This session was recorded without the therapist's or my knowledge or consent." Collins was known for his clean-cut image in Hollywood and played a pastor and beloved father on the hit show "7th Heaven." He's avoided the limelight since the accusations were made public. Who is Stephen Collins? Now Collins is speaking out. "On the recording, I described events that took place 20, 32, and 40 years ago," Collins says in his statement. "The publication of the recording has resulted in assumptions and innuendos about what I did that go far beyond what actually occurred. As difficult as this is, I want people to know the truth." Collins said he has struggled over whether to apologize directly to the women who were involved. "I did have an opportunity to do so with one of the women, 15 years later," he says. "I apologized and she was extraordinarily gracious. But after I learned in the course of my treatment that my being direct about such matters could actually make things worse for them by opening old wounds, I have not approached the other two women, one of whom is now in her 50s and the other in her 30s." In addition to the lengthy statement that People will publish in its issue Friday, the 67-year-old actor is scheduled for an interview with Yahoo Global news anchor Katie Couric that will be streamed on that site and aired on ABC's "20/20." Collins and Grant are still in the midst of their divorce proceedings.
highlights: Stephen Collins releases a statement to People about sexual contact with minors . He says he's been working to atone for what he did . The actor also will be interviewed by Katie Couric .
id: 7386c08b791f360bd3d9383b6e31a9f443d4fe9c
chatgpt: Actor Stephen Collins, best known for his role in the popular television series "7th Heaven", has released a statement to People magazine about his past sexual contact with minors. Collins admits to the magazine that he "did something terribly wrong" and expresses remorse for his actions. "I am deeply remorseful for the mistakes I have made and for hurting anyone who was harmed by my behavior," said Collins in his statement to People. "I know that there is nothing I can do to change the past, but I have been working tirelessly to atone for what I did and to ensure that it never happens again." According to the report, Collins will also be interviewed by journalist Katie Couric in an effort to "clarify some important things about his past behavior." It is not yet known when this interview will take place. Collins' admission comes after a tape was leaked to the media in 2014 in which he can be heard admitting to sexual contact with minors. The tape was recorded during a therapy session with his then-wife, actress Faye Grant. Following the release of the tape, Collins was dropped from the film "Ted 2" and his appearance in the television series "Scandal" was cancelled. He has also been largely absent from the public eye in recent years. In his statement to People, Collins acknowledges the harm he has caused to his victims and their families, and promises to work tirelessly to prevent such behavior in the future. "I am committed to being a better man, a better father, a better friend, and a better human being," said Collins. "I know that I have a long road ahead of me, and that I will never be able to fully make amends for the harm I have caused. But I am committed to doing everything in my power to make a positive difference in the world and to ensure that no one else has to suffer the way that my victims did." Collins' statement has been met with mixed reactions from the public, with some calling it a sincere and heartfelt apology, while others are skeptical about his motives and intentions. Regardless of these reactions, it is clear that Collins' admission and statement are an important step towards addressing the issue of sexual misconduct and abuse in our society, and that his actions will serve as an example for others to follow in taking responsibility for their past mistakes and working to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.