article: Susie Wolff has expressed her disappointment at completing only four laps on her full Formula One debut. The 31-year-old Briton became the first female driver to step into an F1 cockpit during a grand prix weekend in more than two decades when she took part in the opening practice session at Silverstone on Friday morning. Out: Williams' Susie Wolff was massively disappointed with the way she retired in the opening practice . History: The 31-year-old became the first female driver to step into an F1 cockpit during a grand prix weekend . But Wolff lasted just 20 minutes of . the one hour-and-a-half session before grinding to a halt on track with . an oil-pressure problem. She . completed just four laps and ended the session almost nine seconds down . on championship leader Nico Rosberg in his Mercedes. ‘It . is a massive disappointment,’ said Wolff. ‘On the one side, we had such . a good build-up to this weekend; obviously I had put in so much hard . work, so much preparation to get ready for today and I knew exactly what . I had to do on every lap out there. Sad end: Marshals remove the car of Scottish driver Wolff after an oil-pressure problem . ‘It . felt good - even the out lap - but that is racing, and I have known . from over the years, that there can be massive ups and massive downs.’ Breaking the norm: Wolff is the first woman in 22 years to take part in F1 practice . Wolff . will be handed another chance at the wheel of the WIlliams during . practice for the German Grand Prix later this month, but the Briton . insists there won’t be added pressure on her to impress despite her . horror show at Silverstone. ‘It . is very, very disappointing, but I have still got Hockenheim, and I . have to go out and show what I can do because I did not get the chance . to do that today,’ she added. ‘There isn’t extra pressure. It is about having the same approach, being well prepared and knowing exactly what I have to do. ‘You . can’t expect to be on the grid unless you show that you are good enough . to be there. Until I have done a good job in Hockenheim then I am not . willing to say too much about the future.’ Toto . Wolff, husband to Susie, and shareholder at Williams, was seen dining . in the British team’s new motorhome during lunch on Friday. ‘He . has been very suppoportive and I am incredibly lucky in that sense,’ Wolff said of her husband, and executive director at Mercedes. ‘He . is my biggest supporter, but also my biggest critic. He knew that I had . to go out there and do a good job today and there was no chance of . messing it up. He is quite sad that I didn’t get to show it.’ Go again: Wolff will be handed another chance at the wheel of the WIlliams in practice for the German GP .
highlights: Wolff only lasted four laps on her full Formula One debut . The 31-year-old is the first female driver to step into an F1 cockpit during a Grand Prix weekend . The Scot lasted 20 minutes of the session after a oil-pressure problem . Williams driver ended the session nine seconds down on Nico Rosberg .
id: 40ee85a6da9c9678cc27d5b532d23fdbba3dbb17
chatgpt: Susie Wolff's full Formula One debut lasted only four laps as her Williams car suffered an oil-pressure problem during the first free practice session for the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The 31-year-old Scot became the first female driver to step into an F1 cockpit during a Grand Prix weekend since 1992. Wolff set off for her first flying lap with around 20 minutes remaining in the session but pulled over on the inside of the Becketts complex before slowly making her way back to the pits. Her mechanics worked on the car for several minutes before sending her out for a brief run, but the Williams garage was forced to wave her back into the garage. Despite her brief appearance, Wolff said she was happy and proud to have made her debut. "I feel like I have done a good job today, it was a great experience to be out there and feel what the car is like during a Grand Prix weekend," Wolff said in a statement. While Wolff's debut was cut short, she was not the only one who struggled during the first practice session. Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel also experienced problems, with his Red Bull car suffering a gearbox issue. Vettel completed only four laps, the same amount as Wolff. Meanwhile, Mercedes' Nico Rosberg set the fastest time of the session, a full nine seconds quicker than Wolff's best effort. Many onlookers had come to watch Wolff in action, with the Scot having gained support from fans and fellow drivers since her appointment as a Williams test driver in 2012. Wolff's successful appointment as the team's test driver had already earned her a place in the history books, as she became the first woman in nine years to participate in an official Formula One weekend when she took part in the first practice session for the British Grand Prix in 2014. While her latest appearance will have been a disappointment for Wolff and her fans, she will no doubt be encouraged by the interest shown in her by the media and the wider public. Her efforts will no doubt inspire young girls around the world to aspire to follow in her footsteps. Wolff will have another chance to prove herself during the second free practice session later in the day, and the final practice session and qualifying session on Saturday. The Britsh Grand Prix will take place on Sunday, with Wolff's debut sure to be watched closely by both supporters and critics alike.