article: Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic has blamed his team's 3-1 home defeat by Denmark in their Euro 2016 Group I qualifier on a lack of commitment among the players and their habit of underestimating the opposition. 'We see ourselves as big stars and always think we are better than others and that's a very bad attitude,' the Chelsea defender told reporters after Serbia were blown away by the Danes in an empty stadium on Friday. 'The players are obviously unaware what it means to put on a Serbia shirt and play for the national team. This has been going on for years and we can't carry on like that.' Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic was unhappy after his side's 3-1 loss at home to Denmark on Friday . Chelsea and Serbia midfielder Nemanja Matic is tackled during Serbia's disappointing defeat to Denmark . The match was played behind closed doors after the Serbians started serving a two-game crowd ban for fan violence in their previous home game against Albania, abandoned after a drone stunt triggered a player brawl and a pitch invasion by Serbian fans. Winger Zoran Tosic gave Serbia an early lead but the home side fell apart in the second half, when a Nicklas Bendtner double and a Simon Kjaer header turned the match on its head. Ivanovic's Chelsea team mate Nemanja Matic, a rare beacon of light on a gloomy evening for Serbia, believes the Balkan nation must adopt a long-term strategy if they are to improve. 'We are simply not good enough,' he said. Nicklas Bendtner (left) scored twice for Denmark as they beat Serbia 3-1 in Belgrade . Former Arsenal striker Bendtner wheels away after scoring for Serbia at the Partizan Stadium . 'We have to be realistic and adopt a 10-year plan like most top teams do. Belgium are a good example as they went through a long barren spell and are now one of the most feared teams in Europe.' The result piled the pressure on Serbia and their Dutch coach Dick Advocaat, who said he was considering quitting, after a tepid 1-1 opening draw at Armenia was followed by the ill-fated match against Albania. The Serbians were awarded a 3-0 walkover win over the Albanians but also docked three points and having appealed the latter part of the verdict, they now have one point from two games ahead of difficult visits to Portugal and Denmark in March and June respectively. 'We will keep going until the bitter end but honestly, our chances to qualify are minimal and it's going to be a mountain to climb,' Matic said.
highlights: Serbia lost 3-1 at home to Denmark in their Group I Euro 2016 qualifier . Nicklas Bendtner scored twice for Denmark to help secure three points . Branislav Ivanovic blamed a lack of commitment among Serbia players . Midfielder Nemanja Matic also stated, 'We are simply not good enough'
id: fa8d87fa459fd37e75da61e978295352f1a9f0f9
chatgpt: Denmark secured a crucial victory in their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia, winning 3-1 on Serbian soil. The Danes dominated from the outset and were rewarded for their attacking play midway through the first half when Nicklas Bendtner scored with a well-taken header. Serbia struggled to create any clear-cut chances in the first half, and Danish goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel was rarely tested. The second half started brightly for Serbia, who equalised through Aleksandar Mitrovic just four minutes after the restart. However, the joy was short-lived as Bendtner restored Denmark's lead just five minutes later. The game was effectively over as a contest twelve minutes from time when Bendtner scored his second of the match, taking his tally to five goals in five games in Euro 2016 qualifying. The defeat leaves Serbia with just four points from five games and sees them languishing in fourth place in Group I, nine points behind leaders Denmark. It's a far cry from the heights of qualification for the 2010 World Cup, where they finished top of their group. Branislav Ivanovic, the Serbian captain, was scathing in his criticism of his team's display, citing a lack of commitment as the reason for their poor performance. "We didn't show enough desire and fight," he said. "We let the fans down." Midfielder Nemanja Matic echoed Ivanovic's sentiments, admitting that Serbia are simply not good enough at this level. "We have to be honest with ourselves," he said. "We're not good enough and we need to improve if we want to compete at this level." The defeat is a huge blow to Serbia's hopes of qualification for Euro 2016, and coach Radovan Curcic will need to use all of his managerial skills to get his team's campaign back on track. Serbia's next match is away to Armenia, who are just one point behind them in the group. For Denmark, the result puts them in pole position to qualify for the tournament in France next year. They have a five-point cushion over second-placed Portugal and are now unbeaten in nine games in all competitions. Nicklas Bendtner's form will be a huge boost for coach Morten Olsen, who will be hoping his star striker can continue to find the back of the net as his side press for qualification.