article: Baz Luhrmann's big-screen adaptation of The Great Gatsby this year brought the glamour of jazz age America gloriously to life. Audiences were dazzled by the bright lights of New York and the palatial mansions of Long Island. However, as these pictures demonstrate, much of what was shown was pure cinematic trickery. They reveal how, with help from modern technology, a few cars and a group of actors were translated into a teeming metropolitan scene, and how an almost empty field became a sumptuous formal garden. The stills, released by visual effect supervisor Chris Godfrey, reveal that many of the movie’s most spectacular scenes were, in fact, shot with nothing but a series of blue and green screens in the background. Taxi to nowhere: Bustling Broadway was actually created with just a few green screens and less than a dozen cars . Talking to himself: Gatsby, played by Leonardo Di Caprio, is seen with friend Nick Carraway, played by Tobey Maguire, in front of Long Island Sound - but in reality it was little more than a blue screen . The vanishing mansion: The horseman is real enough, but the sumptuous estate and perfectly manicured gardens are a CGI sleight of hand . The technique — known as chroma key — is used in TV weather reports to create the illusion of the forecaster standing before an animated map, which is then overlaid on the screen. Today, thanks to innovations in computer-generated imagery (CGI), backdrops can be created from scratch with the help of 3D modelling programmes similar to those used by architects designing a building. Impressive as it may be, the method is not without its flaws. Shooting before a screen means that actors must avoid wearing clothes that match it, because everything of that colour will automatically be replaced by background footage. For all that, chroma key allows directors to take their audiences on dazzling flights of fancy. Indeed, those who have seen the new film version of F. Scott Fitzgerald’s novel (there was a 1974 version with Robert Redford) would struggle to guess that most of The Great Gatsby was shot not in New York State, where Fitzgerald’s tale is set, but in Luhrmann’s native Sydney. All that jazz: A car full of revellers on the Queensboro Bridge was seen in the film... but all the scenery was added later . Dream home: The palatial mansion home of Gatsby's lover Daisy was conjured up by computer magic . The wheel deal: Jay Gatsby's flamboyant 1929 yellow Duesenberg actually roared around a car park - not the streets of Manhattan .
highlights: Dazzling scenery in Luhrmann film was actually created with the help of green and blue screens and CGI . Computer trickery made realistic depiction of bustling 1930s New York possible with little on location filming .
id: a722f540dca1898e994fc60e350a97e033fbe0db
chatgpt: Australian film director Baz Luhrmann, known for his visually stunning films, has revealed that the dazzling scenery in his latest movie "The Great Gatsby" was actually created with the help of green and blue screens and CGI. The computer trickery made the realistic depiction of bustling 1930s New York possible with little on-location filming, allowing Luhrmann to bring his vision of F. Scott Fitzgerald's iconic novel to the big screen. The use of green and blue screens is nothing new in the film industry. They allow filmmakers to create realistic and sometimes fantastical backgrounds and environments that are either too difficult or impossible to shoot on location. In the case of "The Great Gatsby," Luhrmann used green screens to create the elaborate mansions and estates of the film's wealthy characters, while blue screens were used to create the backdrop of the New York City skyline. Luhrmann's use of CGI was also a crucial element in bringing the film to life. The technique allowed the director and his team to create a convincing depiction of 1930s New York, complete with the bustling streets, iconic landmarks, and towering skyscrapers that were indicative of the time. Without CGI, it would have been nearly impossible to recreate the city in its prime, which was integral to the story of "The Great Gatsby." The use of green screens and CGI also allowed Luhrmann to create scenes that would have been impossible to film on location, such as the lavish parties thrown by the film's protagonist, Jay Gatsby. The director was able to create an immersive and extravagant party atmosphere, complete with dancing, fireworks, and confetti, all without leaving the safety and control of the studio. Despite the widespread use of green screens and CGI, critics have been quick to point out the potential drawbacks of relying too heavily on these techniques. Some argue that the lack of physical sets and locations can create a sense of detachment and artificiality in the finished product, while others suggest that overuse of CGI can result in a lack of emotional connection between the audience and the characters. In response to these criticisms, Luhrmann has defended his use of green screens and CGI, arguing that they allow him to create a heightened reality that is essential to the world of "The Great Gatsby." "It's not about creating something that's 'real,' it's about creating something that's emotionally real," he explains. "We're not trying to create a documentary or a historical reenactment here. We're trying to create a heightened, stylized version of reality that reflects the themes and emotions of the story." Regardless of one's opinion on the use of green screens and CGI, there can be no denying that Luhrmann's approach has created a visually stunning and immersive cinematic experience that captures both the glamour and tragedy of F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic novel. By embracing technology, the director has been able to bring a beloved story to a new generation of moviegoers while still remaining true to the spirit of the original work.