article: (CNN) -- Cricket has been hit by another tragedy in the same week Australian Test star Phillip Hughes died as result as a result of injuries he received after being struck by a ball in a match in Sydney. Hillel Oscar, 60, a former captain of the Israeli national team, was umpiring a match Saturday in his home town of Ashdod when he received an apparently fatal blow in a freak accident. Before the match between Young Ashdod and Super Lions Lod, the final game of the Israel domestic season, players and officials had held a minute's silence for Hughes, whose untimely death has led to a string of tributes across the world. Super Lions Lod was also to be given the championship trophy at the end of the match, but as Steve Leigh, the Deputy Chairman of the Israeli Cricket Association told CNN, that celebration was never to happen. Leigh was not at the match, but recounted what he had been told of the tragic incident. "Midway through the first innings a ball was driven fiercely back towards the umpire (by the batsman). "It hit the stumps and ricocheted but as Hillel tried to move out of the way the ball followed him and he was hit in the chest or just under the chin, it is still unclear exactly where. "He collapsed immediately and according to witnesses who were there he may have had a heart attack." Leigh said that the umpire was resuscitated by ambulance staff who were quickly on the scene, but he died later at a hospital in Ashdod. Englishman Leigh, 51, said the Israeli cricketing community had been left stunned by the incident. "Hillel was much loved by everyone," he said . The Israel Cricket Association's CEO, Naor Gudker, paid his tribute on its official Facebook page. "The entire Israel Cricket Association and players bow their heads in his memory. He was a wonderful man, cricketer, and umpire," Gudker said. Oscar, who was born in Bombay, was married with two daughters and a grandchild. His funeral was being held in Ashdod Sunday. Meanwhile Leigh said the association would co-operate fully with any official investigation into the incident, liaising with world governing body, the ICC. Unlike in sports such as baseball, cricket umpires are unprotected and do not wear helmets, despite the high speeds which the ball can be struck by batsman. But fatal incidents involving either players or umpires are extremely rare. An umpire at a match in Wales was killed five years ago after a ball thrown by a fielder hit him on the head. In the light of the recent accident, Leigh said that "maybe there was need" for umpires to wear helmets. Unlike Australia, Israel is not considered a major cricketing power, but there are several thousand active participants at all levels, with an 18-strong national league. Most of the adult players were originally born, like Oscar, in traditional cricket playing countries such as India, where it is the national sport.
highlights: Cricket umpire dies after freak accident in game in Israel . Hillel Oscar, 60, hit by ball which ricocheted off the stumps . Oscar was former captain of Israeli national team . Australian Test star Phillip Hughes died earlier in week after being hit by a ball .
id: d73c60c7988ca233bb1372dd7f4dd54f5aba24ab
chatgpt: In a tragic incident, cricket umpire Hillel Oscar has died after a freak accident during a game in Israel. Oscar, who was 60 years old, was hit by a ball which had ricocheted off the stumps during the game. The former captain of the Israeli national team was umpiring during a match between the Ra'anana and Young Ashdod teams, when the incident occurred. The game was immediately stopped, and emergency services were called to the scene to attend to Oscar. He was taken to the hospital, but unfortunately could not be saved.  The death of Oscar comes just days after the Australian Test star Phillip Hughes passed away due to a similar incident during a match. Hughes was hit by a ball during a game in Sydney, and sustained a severe head injury. Despite undergoing surgery, he died in hospital two days later.  The cricketing world has been left in mourning once again, as another player- this time an umpire- has lost his life on the field. This has once again raised concerns over player safety in cricket.  Cricket is a sport where there is always a risk of injury or accident, but incidents like these are rare. In fact, the last time a player died on the field due to a cricket ball was in 1998, when Pakistani batsman Raman Lamba passed away after being hit by a ball during a league game.  The Israel Cricket Association expressed their condolences on their official Twitter handle, saying, "We are all shocked and saddened by the passing of umpire Hillel Oscar. Our thoughts are with his family and friends. Rest in peace."  Oscar was a well-known figure in Israeli cricketing circles. He had played for the national team in the past and later became a prominent umpire. He was known for his calm and composed demeanor on the field, and was respected by players and fellow umpires alike.  The incident has once again raised questions over the safety of umpires and players on the field. The International Cricket Council (ICC) has already announced that it will be looking into the issue of player safety, and has promised to take steps to ensure that such incidents do not occur in the future.  Cricket is known as the gentleman's game, but such incidents shake the sport to its core. The deaths of Hillel Oscar and Phillip Hughes have left a void that will be hard to fill. It is hoped that cricketing bodies around the world will take necessary steps to ensure the safety of players and umpires on the field, and prevent such tragic incidents from happening again in the future.  In these difficult times, the cricketing world mourns the loss of two of its own. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of Hillel Oscar and Phillip Hughes, and we hope that they find the strength to get through this difficult time.