article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A prankster posed as a fake chef promoting his new book to trick a series of local TV hosts intro drinking his disgusting concoctions on-air, it was revealed today. Joe Pickett went on five local talk shows in Illinois and Wisconsin posing as a cookbook author demonstrating his Thanksgiving leftover smoothies and mashed potato ice cream cone among other putrid concoctions--some of which the hosts even tasted. Now Pickett and his partner Nick Prueher have posted footage of their hilarious gag on the site for their Found Footage Festival, a tour that showcases strange old home video recordings purchased at rummage sales. Scroll down for video... Disgusting: Chef Keith Guerke AKA Joe Pickett managed to dupe five local TV stations into inviting him on to do a disgusting (and made up) cooking segment . 'Don't forget your cranberry cherry on top': The fake chef's dishes included a mashed potato ice cream cone (left) and a smoothie made with ham, pie and gravy . Pickett posed as Chef Keith Guerke, author of Leftover's Right: Making a Winner of Last Night's Dinner on segments shot for Milwaukee, Rhinelander, and Wausau, and Rockford, Illinois audiences over Thanksgiving and Christmastime last year. Perhaps most revolting was the leftovers smoothie concoction that featured ham, pie and gravy. 'You can use skim for a heart healthy menu,' said Chef Guerke says. In one of the smoothie gags, he even managed to get the host to take a drink. Look of concern: Pickett appeared on five morning shows in Illinois and Wisconsin and while the hosts appeared a little concerned at time, most were perfectly open to his unique concoctions . Read between the lines: Pickett's hat said chef, but his gravy-based-gravy said hilarious gag . She's game: This host even tried his milky pie, ham and mashed potato smoothie . Luckily she didn't end up wearing the smoothie, as well . He got another host to try his 'ants on a leg,' which was a chicken drumstick slathered in mashed potatoes and cranberries. And for another segment, one the host said was just 'too cute,' he substituted mashed potatoes for ice cream. 'Mashed potatoes: boring, right? how about a mashed potato ice cream cone,' he laughs. 'Put on your corn sprinkles and don't forget your cranberry cherry on top!' This is not the first time Pickett has tricked local newscasters who've failed to properly vet their guests. His partner in crime Prueher once went on TV posing as an inept, rapping yo-yo master named K-Strauss. You can catch them live and in person at one of the upcoming Found Footage Festival tour dates. Pickett is half of the prankster duo behind the Found Footage Festival, which showcases weird VHS video found at rummage sales . Pickett's partner Nick Prueher appeared on morning shows across the midwest as an inept rapping yo-yo master .
highlights: Keith Guerke posed as a chef and author on morning shows in Wisconsin and Illinois touting his disgusting leftover smoothie over the holidays . He blended meat, corn, ham and other holiday staples into a drink and some of the hosts even drank it . Guerke and his partner Nick Prueher are the minds behind Found Footage Fest, which showcases weird found home video footage .
id: 1709627b320bb0fccca9c102df63c497f7e67061
chatgpt: A strange and unconventional prank was executed by Keith Guerke, who posed as a chef and author on various morning shows in Wisconsin and Illinois. He touted his disgusting leftover smoothie, made from blended meat, corn, ham, and other holiday staples. To the surprise of the viewers, some of the hosts even drank the smoothie without suspecting what was in it. Keith Guerke is not a chef or author, but rather the co-founder of Found Footage Fest, showcasing weird and found home video footage. The idea behind the prank was to create something outrageous and see if the hosts would notice. It all started with a thought that holiday waste could be repurposed to make something new and tasty. Keith Guerke and his partner Nick Prueher designed the recipe for the smoothie, which was a combination of leftover holiday ingredients blended together in a food processor. The resulting concoction was then poured into a blender, where it was mixed with some liquid to create a drinkable consistency. Their thought process behind the prank was to see if they could pass off this revolting object as something new and exciting while making their audience pay attention. They never thought that things would get as far as they did. During their appearance on the show, the hosts were raving about the smoothie’s unique flavour, stating how amazing and delicious it was. Keith Guerke played along with their compliments, continuing to hold onto the lie that this was a recipe that could potentially go mainstream. As expected, the smoothie went viral with many people talking about it on the internet. Some publications went as far as to label it as both hilarious and disturbing. The incident raises questions about the trust and credibility people attach to guests who come on TV for interviews. The fact that the hosts failed to comprehend what was in the smoothie is evidence of how much we, as viewers, trust the experts we see on TV. This prank is a wake-up call to all viewers to be cautious and not blindly trust everything they see on TV. In conclusion, Keith Guerke used his appearance on TV to perform a strange, yet hilarious prank. He posed as a chef and author, promoting his disgusting leftover smoothie made with corn, ham, meat, and other holiday staples. The incident highlights the importance of independent thinking and not blindly trusting everything one sees on TV.