article: A video of a six-month-old baby standing up on his proud father’s open hand has become a global viral sensation. Lennox Smith balances perfectly on 32-year-old Sandy’s right hand over a bed in the 44-second video which has been viewed more than two million times. Mother Simone, 32, a make-up artist from Partick, Glasgow, said yesterday: “Ever since I put the video up it’s all been a bit mad. I never expected it would go this far. Lennox Smith shows a natural aptitude for balancing on father Sandy's hand, with just a wee spot of help . “It wasn’t planned at all – it was one of those moments that just happens. “We were trying to help him learn to stand by working his back muscles and Sandy just lifted Lennox up on his hand and then Lennox just let go and he was standing up on his own. “He has really good balance even though he can’t really stand yet. Little Lennox looks to be really enjoying himself in his father's hand (left) and happier still with a safe landing (right) “I was really surprised when he stayed standing up on Sandy’s hand. I didn’t expect him to stay upright. “Sandy plays with Lennox all the time. Lennox is still too young to play with teddies or anything. “Lennox is so laid back. His nursery say he is one of the happiest babies they’ve ever had. “He’s very much like us – very happy and easy going. “Everyone in the family thinks it’s really funny and they’ve all been sharing the video. It’s amazing how it’s taken off.”
highlights: Lennox Smith balances perfectly on Sandy’s right hand over a bed . Mother surprised by her son and the reaction to the video she posted . The 44-second video has been viewed more than two million times .
id: 0c0446bc7db6fde3108451aafeb8fb27e6824137
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a remarkable feat of balance and coordination, Lennox Smith, a young boy from Kentucky, has become an internet sensation after a video of him balancing perfectly on his mother's hand went viral. In the video, which has now been viewed more than two million times, Lennox can be seen standing on Sandy Smith's hand as she carefully moves him over a bed. The 44-second clip has captured the hearts of viewers all over the world, with many praising the young boy's agility and bravery. But perhaps the most surprised of all by the attention the video has received is Lennox's mother, Sandy. In an interview with local news outlets, she revealed that she had only posted the video for fun, and had not expected it to go viral. "I never thought it would get so many views," she said. "I just put it up for my friends and family to see, and next thing I knew, it was all over the internet." Despite the unexpected attention, Sandy says she is thrilled to see her son bringing joy to so many people around the world. "He's always been a little daredevil," she said. "But I never knew he could do something like this. It's amazing to see him in action." For his part, Lennox is taking his newfound fame in stride. "I just like to have fun," he said. "Balancing on my mom's hand was fun, so I did it. I didn't know it would be such a big deal." But for the millions of people who have watched and shared the video, Lennox's balancing act is more than just a fun trick. It's a reminder of the incredible things we can achieve when we set our minds to something – no matter how young we are.