article: By . Steve Hopkins . A brave vicar grabbed a thug by the throat after he demanded money on his vicarage doorstep . Reverend Simon Treloar, 53, grabbed attacker Jason Haynes, 32, by the throat after the criminal, who had been released from prison just that day, tried to force his way in. Reverend Treloar said: 'I might be a clergyman but I am not a doormat. I did what I had to do - but,of course, I forgive him. Reverend Simon Treloar grabbed his attacker by the throat and forced him out of his doorway . 'People think Christianity is a soft touch but that's what the benefits agency is for.' The Dean of St Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral in Wrexham, North Wales, kept Haynes at arms length and forced him out of his house before calling the police. The attempted theft comes almost a year after Father Treloar thwarted an attempt to smash a bottle into his face. Reverend Treloar said: 'You just have to deal with what you are confronted with. Yes, there was aslight sense of deja vu but it is important to be calm. St Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral in Wrexham where Reverend Treloar was attacked; almost a year ago a man tried to smash a bottle in his face at his home in the grounds of the cathedral . 'My biggest concern was thinking what if this had happened to someone else.' Neither incident has dampened his community spirit. Reverend Treloar said: 'I am happy to keep serving the community in Wrexham for as long as my bishop wants me to. 'The vast majority of people here are very welcoming.' And Reverend Treloar refuses to live in fear of further attacks, saying: 'I can't stop living just because of a couple of idiots.' The dean's bravery came to light at Mold Crown Court after Haynes was jailed for a year for assault and breaching his ASBO. Judge Rhys Rowlands told Haynes: 'You just quite deliberately ignore court orders. You go out and get drunk, make a thorough nuisance of yourself. 'You have an appalling record for disorder, dishonesty and violence.'
highlights: Revered Simon Treloar's attacker had been released from jail just that day . The Reverend said he did 'what he had to do', but forgives the criminal . Almost a year ago another criminal tried to smash a bottle in his face .
id: bada9bfa102508667a708e23060e449b70c3d21d
chatgpt: In a stunning revelation, the Reverend Simon Treloar spoke out today about an attack that he suffered at the hands of a recently released criminal. The incident occurred just hours after the man was released from jail. According to reports, the Reverend was approached by the assailant while walking home from church. The man allegedly attacked him, causing serious injury. The Reverend, however, managed to fend off the attacker and escape with his life. Speaking to reporters outside his home, the Reverend said that he did "what he had to do" in order to protect himself. He went on to say that he has forgiven the man who attacked him and that he hopes that the man will find a way to turn his life around. This is not the first time that the Reverend has faced violence at the hands of criminals. Almost a year ago, another criminal tried to smash a bottle in his face. The Reverend was able to dodge the attack and disarm the man. Despite these experiences, the Reverend remains committed to his work and to helping others. He continues to lead his congregation and is a powerful force for good in his community. The incident has sparked renewed concerns about the criminal justice system and how it deals with offenders. Many are calling for tougher penalties for violent criminals and better support for victims of crime. In the meantime, the Reverend and his supporters are focusing on the positive, and on the power of forgiveness and redemption. They hope that the man who attacked the Reverend will find a way to move past his violent past and become a productive member of society. For now, the community is rallying around the Reverend, sending him messages of support and encouragement. The incident has shaken many, but the Reverend's strength and resilience are an inspiration to all who know him.