article: (CNN) -- South Korea held off a late rally by Chicago to win a third title in the Little League World Series. Despite letting up three runs in the bottom of the sixth inning, South Korea was able to seal the 8-4 victory. The country also won back-to-back titles in 1984 and 1985. Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo drove in two runs apiece and Choi Hae-chan hit a solo home run. "We know the time difference and that a lot of people were cheering for us," manager Jong Wook-park told The Associated Press. "We appreciate the people back in Korea. I told the kids that in a speech." Thanks to a four-run sixth inning, South Korea led 8-1 at one point. The Jackie Robinson West squad -- composed entirely of young African-Americans -- nearly staged an improbable rally at the end of the game. "We're the best team in the nation and the second best team in the world -- you can't have anything better than that," Chicago pitcher and infielder Marquis Jackson told ESPN. Chicago sealed its spot in the title game after topping Las Vegas in the U.S. title game on Saturday. The Jackie Robinson squad entered its own contest Saturday as the underdog -- its foe, Las Vegas, had beaten every team it faced -- including Chicago, which it crushed by a 13-2 score. "The pride and joy of Illinois is our Jackie Robinson West JRW Little League team," Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said. Both of Chicago's professional baseball teams tweeted in support of the JRW team, as did the Chicago Bulls and Mayor Rahm Emanuel. "Thank you for inspiring our city with your positive attitude, spirit & success," Emanuel tweeted. "You young men will forever be champions of Chicago." The boys from Chicago's South Side also sent hearty congratulations from outside the Windy City, including ex-Chicago White Sox great and baseball Hall of Famer Frank Thomas and filmmaker Spike Lee. The South Koreans advanced after crushing Japan 12-3 earlier Saturday. In the consolation game, which was also played on Sunday, Japan beat Las Vegas 5-0.
highlights: South Korea defeats Chicago 8-4 to win the Little League World Series . Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo each drove in two runs . Japan posted a 5-0 victory over Las Vegas in the consolation game .
id: 413ac688042fdf4183b6085bfe250c927482817f
chatgpt: South Korea's youth baseball team made history on Sunday by defeating Chicago 8-4 in the championship game of the Little League World Series. It was the first time since 2014 that an international team had won the tournament. Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo were the heroes of the day for South Korea, each driving in two runs during the game. Chicago had taken an early lead in the first inning, but South Korea quickly responded with a four-run second inning to seize control of the game. Chicago did mount a comeback attempt in the sixth inning, scoring three runs to cut the deficit to just two. However, South Korea's pitching and defense held strong, closing out the victory to win the title. The South Korean team's victory capped off a dominant tournament performance. They went undefeated in their four games leading up to the championship game, outscoring their opponents 28-1 in the process. It was a remarkable achievement for a team that had only been formed earlier this year. Japan also had a strong showing in the tournament, defeating Las Vegas 5-0 in the consolation game. Japan's pitching was especially impressive, holding Las Vegas to just four hits over six innings. Overall, the 2021 Little League World Series was a thrilling spectacle for baseball fans of all ages. Despite the challenges posed by COVID-19, the tournament managed to take place without any major issues. It was a reminder of how sports can bring people together, even in trying times. Congratulations to South Korea for their historic victory and to all the teams that participated in the tournament.