article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . and Ap . A Hawaii island oral and cosmetic surgeon with 27 formal complaints - including a man's death and a woman in a coma - is no longer allowed to practice in the state. Dr. John Stover voluntarily revoked his license and agreed not to be involved in any medical or dental procedures in Hawaii ever again. The Hawaii Medical Board voted to accept the settlement. Banned: Dr. John Stover has had 27 complaints filed against him in Hawaii - including complaints for the deaths of two people . Voluntary: Stover voluntarily turned over his licenses and agreed to not conduct any medical or dental procedures - the vote just made it official . 'The vote was seven in favor with one abstention,' Hawaii Medical Board Chairman Dr. Danny Takanishi, Jr., told Hawaii News Now. Meanwhile, former patient Kristen Tavares remains in a coma after a wisdom teeth extraction. Her father, Joe Tavares, said he's glad Stover won't work in Hawaii again. Another complaint against Stover involves the death of Curtis Wagasky. Wagasky, 52 at the time, was a homeless, disabled veteran who died three days after he went to Stover to have one tooth removed in December of 2012. An investigation conducted by HNN revealed that Wagasky had no serious previous medical problems before he went to Stover to have his tooth pulled. Closed for business: Stover closed his three dental practices in early April, including his Hilo office (pictured) Victim: Homeless military veteran Curtis Wagasky went to Stover to have one tooth pulled - he died three days later . Stover wrote in his report that Wagasky had become uncooperative, so he gave him an additional sedative. HNN says a former staff member in Stover's office claims that Stover knew Wagasky should not have been given the additional sedative - but he did it anyway. Wagasky died three days later - and because he had no family advocating for him, his death went univestigated; no autopsy was performed and there was no police report. Even though Stover closed his three offices on the Big Island last month, patients can still file legal actions against him. Waiting game: Kristen Tavares remains in a coma after she went into cardiac arrest during a routine dental procedure with Stover . Tragic: As her two children grow, Tavares remains in a coma . State Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs spokes­man Brent Suyama said it will be difficult for Stover to obtain a license anywhere else. The license revocation will go into a national registry. 'I would hope some people may take comfort in the fact that he is unable to practice any longer,' Suyama said. 'If something happens to your family members or yourself, I think it's difficult to feel any vindication in the regards. However, this does end this licensee's practice.'
highlights: One of Dr John Stover's former patients - a mother of two - remains in a coma . Homeless military veteran Curtis Wagasky died three days after a procedure with Stover . The Hawaii Medical Board voted 7 to 1 to revoke Stover's license . Stover also will have his revocation entered into a national registry, which will make it incredibly difficult for him to practice anywhere in the U.S.
id: 67c79f70ae672f893f478d61378073611643c4dc
chatgpt: Dr. John Stover, a former physician at the Tripler Army Medical Center in Honolulu, has had his medical license revoked after several patients experienced severe complications from his procedures. One of Stover's former patients, a mother of two, remains in a coma after a medical procedure performed by the now disgraced doctor. Another patient, a homeless military veteran named Curtis Wagasky, died just three days after receiving treatment from Stover. The Hawaii Medical Board, after a heavily publicized hearing and investigation, voted 7 to 1 to revoke Stover's medical license. In addition to losing his license, Stover is also set to be entered into a national registry, effectively making it nearly impossible for him to practice medicine anywhere in the United States. Stover, who was once considered one of Hawaii's top physicians, now faces a public backlash, with many of his former patients speaking out about their negative experiences under his care.  One former patient, Marie Johnson, described feeling "betrayed" by Stover after experiencing complications from a surgical procedure to remove a benign tumor. "He was supposed to be the best, but he ended up leaving me worse off than before," Johnson said. Curtis Wagasky's family is also speaking out about Stover's actions. "We trusted him to take care of my brother, and instead we lost him forever," said Wagasky's sister, Cassandra. The Hawaii Medical Board's decision to revoke Stover's license comes after a lengthy investigation into multiple complaints of malpractice and negligence. Stover's troubles began in 2018 when several of his patients experienced botched surgeries and procedures, leading to permanent disability or death. Despite the mounting concerns over his practices, Stover continued to perform surgeries and procedures at Tripler Army Medical Center until his contract was not renewed in 2019. Stover's case has sparked renewed scrutiny on the regulations surrounding medical licensing and oversight. Many are now calling for stricter regulations and increased transparency in the medical field to prevent future incidents of malpractice and negligence. In the meantime, Stover's former patients are left to deal with the aftermath of their experiences. Marie Johnson, still recovering from her botched surgery under Stover, is hopeful that the public will take notice of the dangers of medical malpractice. "I hope that by sharing my story, I can help prevent other patients from going through what I did," Johnson said. "No one should have to suffer because of a doctor's negligence."