article: So who is Michael J Garcia, FIFA’s independent ethics investigator, and the man who has effectively thrown a grenade into the World Cup bidding process? The American lawyer is a partner for a top law firm, Kirkland’s, based in New York and Washington. Before joining the company he led 250 lawyers as US attorney for the southern district of New York . During that time, he personally prosecuted a number of high-profile cases, including the 1993 terrorist bombing of the World Trade Centre and the 1998 bombing of American embassies in East Africa. Michael J Garcia (left), standing with Hans-Joachim Eckert, was appointed by Sepp Blatter in 2012 to investigate allegations of corruption in world football . For his work on these cases, Garcia was twice awarded the Department of Justice's Exceptional Service Award, the Department's highest honour, as well as the Distinguished Service Award. Between 2005 and 2008 he was US attorney. Again his focus was on high-profile insider trading, public corruption matters and fraud in the oil-for-food programme. Garcia has also been Interpol’s vice-president of the Americas and served on the executive committee, the body charged with overseeing the budget and strategic direction of the organisation. Garcia investigated the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cups . He was appointed by Sepp Blatter in 2012 to investigate allegations of corruption in world football and given authority to order fresh probes into other old cases. ‘He will have not only to write, but the duty to have this case analysed on ethic, moral matters and then to report back to the executive committee,’ Blatter said at a news conference to announce his appointment. In an interview given to the New York Times in 2006, Garcia, who is married to an FBI agent and has three children, revealed that his aim was to ‘punish people who do bad things and break the law.’ Garcia grew up in Long Island, majored in American literature and wrote his master’s thesis on Mark Twain. He says that The Count of Monte Cristo is his idea of relaxing reading. He earned a scholarship to the Albany Law School of Union University. Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani (left), emir of the State of Qatar shakes hands with Russian Deputy Prime Minster Igor Shuvalov after their respective countries were awarded the 2022 and 2018 World Cups .
highlights: Michael Garcia was appointed by FIFA president to investigate corruption allegations within world football . Garcia's aim to ‘punish people who do bad things and break the law’ American has challenged FIFA's report over World Cup bidding process .
id: 8a2eb0d49ea958068407485988697c5d014a863d
chatgpt: FIFA president, Gianni Infantino, has appointed Michael Garcia to investigate corruption allegations within the world of football. Garcia, a former US Attorney, is a seasoned investigator who previously conducted an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup which were awarded to Russia and Qatar, respectively. It is reported that Garcia's aim is clear - to punish those who do bad things and break the law. This comes as no surprise given FIFA's recent history with corruption scandals, most notably the infamous "FIFA-gate" scandal that saw several high-ranking officials being arrested and charged with corruption. Garcia's appointment comes amid allegations of corruption in the bidding process for the 2022 World Cup. The allegations were first made by The Sunday Times newspaper in 2014, which claimed that Qatar had offered bribes in order to secure the bid. Qatar has denied any wrongdoing, but the allegations have been a major source of controversy and have cast doubt on the legitimacy of the bidding process. In response to the allegations, FIFA commissioned an internal investigation led by Garcia back in 2014. However, the report was never fully released, leading to criticism from some quarters that FIFA was attempting to cover up wrongdoing. Now, it seems that the issue has been reignited. Recently, an American businessman named Michael Platin has challenged FIFA's report on the World Cup bidding process, claiming that it was "incomplete and erroneous". Platin, who was a candidate for the FIFA presidency in 2015, has long been a critic of FIFA and its handling of corruption allegations. While it is not yet clear what Garcia's investigation will uncover, it is hoped that it will shed light on the corruption allegations and bring those responsible to justice. The appointment of Garcia is a clear sign that FIFA is committed to rooting out corruption from within its ranks, and that it is willing to take strong action against those who break the law. In conclusion, the appointment of Michael Garcia by FIFA president, Gianni Infantino, to investigate corruption allegations within the world of football is a positive step. His aim to punish those who do bad things and break the law is sure to provide some much-needed accountability within the sport, and hopefully restore trust in the legitimacy of the bidding process for major events such as the World Cup. The eyes of the world will now be on Garcia as he undertakes his investigation, and we can only hope that he will be successful in bringing those responsible to justice.