article: (CNN) -- Shark attacks on humans were at the lowest levels in half a decade last year, and a Florida researcher says hard economic times may be to blame. Fewer people in the water means less chance for sharks to attack, ichthyologist George Burgess says. Sharks attacked 59 people in 2008, the lowest number of attacks since 57 in 2003, according to George Burgess, director of the International Shark Attack File, part of the Florida Museum of Natural History on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville. There were 71 attacks in 2007. "One can't help but think that the downturn in the economy played a part in it," Burgess said. Fewer people, especially outside of the United States, have the resources to go to the beach, he said. "To have a shark attack, you have to have humans and sharks in the water at the same time," Burgess said. "If you have a reduction in the number of people in the water, you're going to have a reduction in the opportunities for people and sharks to get together." "We noticed similar declines during the recession that followed the events of 2001, despite the fact that human populations continued to rise," the ichthyologist said. Sharks killed four people in 2008, Burgess said: one in California, one in Australia and two in Mexico. Forty-one of the 59 attacks worldwide came in the United States, and 32 of those occurred in Florida. Surfers accounted for 57 percent of shark attacks, swimmers and waders were the targets in 36 percent of the attacks, and divers the rest, he said. Burgess said the U.S. tends to see more attacks because of a large number of surfers, who are a favorite target of sharks. And neither the economy nor the attacks tend to keep American surfers from practicing their sport. "All they have to do is drive to the beach with the board and get into the water, and the rest is free," he said. And while an attack may make them a bit more wary, he said, "I've yet to find a surfer who says he or she won't go back into the water after a bite or a nip." When the economy improves, shark attack numbers are likely to go up again, according to Burgess, predicting the number of attacks in the next decade will surpass those of the past 10 years. "We're putting so many people in the water that humans are dictating the shark attack situation," he said.
highlights: Sharks attacked 59 people worldwide in 2008, Florida researcher reports . Four people killed by sharks last year . Economic downturn means fewer people hitting beaches, researcher says . Surfers account for 57 percent of shark attacks .
id: 72f0c366e1f31b292d8fb0e9d8b9b1291955ce59
chatgpt: According to a recent study conducted by a Florida-based shark researcher, the number of shark attacks worldwide has decreased significantly as a result of the global economic downturn. The study analyzed data from 2008 and found that a total of 59 people were attacked by sharks that year, with four fatalities reported.  The study further reveals that surfers accounted for the majority of these attacks, with 57 percent of all reported cases involving individuals engaged in the sport. The researcher attributed this to the fact that surfers spend more time in the water than other beachgoers, increasing their risk of encountering a shark. Despite the alarming nature of this data, the researcher pointed out that the number of shark attacks has been declining in recent years. He also emphasized the importance of recognizing that such incidents are rare and that the majority of shark encounters do not result in injury or death. However, the researcher highlighted the fact that the economic downturn has had a significant impact on the number of people frequenting beaches worldwide. As a result, there are fewer potential victims for sharks, which could be contributing to the decline in attacks.  Tourism and hospitality-related businesses that rely on beachgoers have suffered greatly in the last year, and the findings of this study provide some insight into what may be causing a decrease in revenue.  One factor that was not discussed in the study was the impact of climate change on shark activity. Warmer temperatures and changing ocean currents could be causing sharks to venture into new areas, where they encounter more humans. This could potentially lead to an increase in shark attacks in the future.  Despite this possibility, experts in the field stress that shark attacks remain relatively rare occurrences, and that humans pose a much greater threat to sharks than the other way around. In fact, around 100 million sharks are killed each year by humans, mostly for their fins, which are used in the production of shark fin soup.  In conclusion, while shark attacks remain a real and concerning issue for beachgoers, there is evidence to suggest that the number of incidents is declining. However, the economic impact of fewer beachgoers and the potential impact of climate change on shark behavior remain important areas of study for researchers in the field. In the meantime, it is important to remain informed and vigilant when spending time in the water.