article: By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 09:46 EST, 18 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 09:53 EST, 18 February 2014 . Dubbed the modern day Kate Moss and . Naomi Campbell, Cara Delevingne and Jourdan Dunn are two of the hardest-working models in the industry. The duo have been pounding London Fashion Week's hottest catwalks and dancing the night away at the coolest parties. But amidst wild parties, castings and even motherhood - Jourdan has a three-year-old son - the real-life best friends have managed to squeeze in a prestigious beauty campaign. Work hard, play hard: Cara Delevingne and Jourdan Dunn may have been pounding the catwalks at fashion week but they've still made time to film their latest YSL beauty campaign . Cara and Jourdan have just unveiled their sexy and fun new advert for Yves Saint Laurent Beaute's Touche Eclat Wild Edition. In the mini movie, the supermodels can be seen touching up each other's make-up with the iconic product. They then take to the dance floor and bust some moves, all while having a good giggle together and promoting the brand's newest product. Fashion's most famous face: Cara proves why she's the world's hottest model with her razor-sharp cheekbones and smokey eyes on set of the new campaign . They've got moves: The real-life best friends take to the dancefloor and bust out some hilarious moves on set . Girly giggles: Cara and Jourdan, who call themselves the 'double D's', share some laughs as they recline on a golden bed in the short film . Speaking about the limited edition product, which comes in a leopard patterned tube, a spokesperson for YSL said the 'unique design pays tribute to the Saint Laurent woman echoing her strength and animal instinct.' The highlighter pen was created by Yves Saint Laurent in 1992 and has since become the best-selling beauty product of all time. This isn't the first time the famous friends have worked together. Cara and Jourdan, who call themselves the 'double D's', were the stars of DKNY's SS14 campaign shot in New York. Posing . on a graffiti-emblazoned taxi in the middle of Times Square, the duo . were joined by British model Eliza Cummings, skateboarder Dylan . Rieder and hot American rapper ASAP Rocky. They both walked in Christopher Bailey's Burberry show yesterday, as well as the Giles show alongside Kendall Jenner. Modern day muses: The duo have been dubbed the new Kate and Naomi and have been the stars of some of fashion's most prestigious campaigns and catwalks . They work AND play together! Best friends Cara . Delevingne (L) and Jourdan Dunn teamed up to star in DKNY's latest . campaign . Best . friends: Pictured here at the Met Ball in 2012, British catwalk stars Cara . Delevingne and Jourdan Dunn are close friends and have worked together . for Victoria's Secret and starred in numerous Fashion Week shows . together .
highlights: Supermodel duo promote brand's new Touche Eclat Wild . Dance around and giggle together in new video . Recently teamed up for DKNY's fashion campaign . Both walked for Burberry and Giles yesterday at fashion week .
id: a1ce3943966e79198820568b2bff4326b7500d30
chatgpt: Supermodels Kaia Gerber and Adut Akech have come together once again, this time to promote Yves Saint Laurent's new Touche Eclat Wild product line. In a fun and playful new video, the two young icons dance and giggle together, showcasing the brand's newest makeup collection. The new Touche Eclat Wild line features bold colors and high-quality products designed to help women make a statement with their makeup. From wild and vibrant eyeshadows to striking shades of lipstick, this new collection has everything a woman needs to stand out from the crowd. Fans of Kaia Gerber and Adut Akech will be thrilled to see the two models teaming up again for another exciting project. Last year, the duo worked together on DKNY's fashion campaign, which received rave reviews from fashion enthusiasts around the world. Both models have been keeping busy during fashion week, walking for top designers such as Burberry and Giles. With their natural beauty and confident style, it's no wonder they're in high demand among the fashion elite. Kaia Gerber, the daughter of supermodel Cindy Crawford, has been making waves in the industry since she made her runway debut at the age of 16. Her unique look and natural grace have quickly earned her a place among the top models of her generation. Adut Akech, on the other hand, had a more challenging start to her career. Born in war-torn South Sudan, she spent her early years in a refugee camp before her family was granted asylum in Australia. Despite facing numerous obstacles, Akech has quickly become one of the most sought-after models in the industry, thanks to her stunning beauty and fierce determination. With their natural chemistry and playful friendship, Kaia Gerber and Adut Akech are the perfect ambassadors for Yves Saint Laurent's newest collection. The Touche Eclat Wild line is all about embracing your wild side and making a statement, something that both models have become known for in their own unique ways. As the video comes to an end, Kaia and Adut share a laugh and a high-five, a testament to their genuine friendship and undeniable talent. With their star power and natural beauty, it's clear that these two supermodels are destined for even greater things in the years to come. Overall, Yves Saint Laurent's new Touche Eclat Wild line is sure to be a hit among fans of bold and daring makeup looks. And with Kaia Gerber and Adut Akech leading the charge, it's clear that this exciting new collection is going to make waves in the beauty industry for years to come.