article: It is already used to share almost every aspect of our lives with friends. But today, Facebook added a new feature, letting expectant parents share their good news with friends. The new feature, which is available to all users who have switched to Facebook's 'Timeline' profile, lets users share their unborn child's name, expected birth date and gender. Users can also choose who they want to share the information with, rather than telling all their friends. Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan announced their wedding on the site. Now, the firm has added the ability for expectant parents to share their news via their timeline. 'Life Events are easy and expressive ways to mark significant moments in your life such as getting married, buying a house or traveling to new places,' said Facebook in a statement. 'If you choose to, you can now share that you are expecting a baby with your friends on Facebook.' How it looks: Facebook's new feature can let friends know you are expecting . However, the firm said it has not ruled out using the service to target parents with adverts for baby-related good. 'Currently we are not using this life event for ad targeting,' said a spokesman. 'We’ll . explore the option in the future, as we observe how people use the . feature.' However, some bloggers have pointed out the service could cause problems should there be problems with the pregnancy, or even is a miscarriage occurs. 'On the spectrum of touchy emotional moments, a miscarriage ranks pretty high,' wrote Rebecca Greenfield on the The Atlantic Wire. 'If you toggle the "Expected: Child" option, imagine how difficult it is to deal with that loss in public,' Facebook has added a new feature letting people know they are expecting a baby . Greenfield went on to cite a posting from . an online community forum, in which a woman noted how difficult it was . to receive messages inquiring about her pregnancy on Facebook after . she'd lost her baby. The move comes as Facebook is facing complaints from users about the amount of advertising on its site. Yesterday the firm revealed it is to start testing a service that allows any firm to advertise on a user's timeline, rather than the current system which only allows firms the user has 'liked' to display adverts. The new feature lets you share the news with close friends, selected friends or everyone.
highlights: Social networking site lets users add 'expecting' on their timeline . Facebook could use feature to target ads in the future . Some believe service could cause unnecessary stress if problems occur during pregnancy .
id: cf265276a2594ed98ee503b1676fd4a011f7ac05
chatgpt: In a move that has been seen as both innovative and controversial, social networking giant Facebook has announced that users can now add an "expecting" status to their timeline. The new feature has sparked a debate about the potential benefits and drawbacks of such a service. While some have hailed it as a useful tool for connecting with friends and family during pregnancy, others have expressed concern that it could cause unnecessary stress and anxiety. The feature, which was rolled out earlier this month, allows users to add an "expecting" status to their timeline, along with the due date of their baby. Users can also choose whether or not to include details about the gender of their baby or any other information they wish to share. One potential implication of this new feature is that Facebook could use the data to target ads to users who are expecting. For example, if a user has added an "expecting" status to their profile, they may start to see ads for baby clothes or nursery furniture. While this could be seen as a helpful service for new parents, some have expressed concern about the potential for targeted advertising to exacerbate anxieties and insecurities during pregnancy. There is also the possibility that the new feature could cause unnecessary stress if problems occur during pregnancy. For example, if a user experiences a miscarriage or other complications, they may feel pressure to update their status or explain their situation to friends and family via Facebook. This could create additional emotional burdens for users who are already coping with difficult circumstances. Despite these potential drawbacks, many users have welcomed the new feature as a way to connect with others who are going through similar experiences. For example, expectant mothers may find it helpful to join groups or forums dedicated to pregnancy and parenting. This sense of community and support can be invaluable during a time that can be both exciting and challenging. Speaking about the new feature, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said: "We're excited to offer our users a new way to share their experiences with others. We hope that this feature will make it easier for people to connect with friends and family and find support during an exciting but sometimes stressful time." While the new "expecting" feature has generated some controversy, it is clear that Facebook is continuing to innovate and expand its services in new directions. As the site evolves, it will be interesting to see how users respond to these changes and what new features will be developed in the future.