article: TUNNEL CUDDLES . Good job Roy Keane wasn’t around when the two teams were lining up in the tunnel before the game. Gone are the days when the two teams are eyeballing each other in the moments before kick off because now it is all cuddles. Former Villa defender Richard Dunne and Ron Vlaar were having a proper love in before they walked out. Where’s Keano when you need him? Roy Keane, talking to QPR assistant manager Kevin Bond, would not have appreciated the hugs before kick-off . TOUGH WEEK . It has been a week of setbacks for QPR chairman Tony Fernandes. His Caterham F1 team went into administration and he has also had some bad news on his plans to press ahead with a stadium development at Old Oak Common. Cargiant, the current owners of the land where Fernandes hopes to build a super stadium, have announced they are pressing ahead with their own regeneration plans in the area... and it doesn’t involve QPR. RIO ROTTING ON THE BENCH . Harry Redknapp made a big decision to leave Rio Ferdinand out of the QPR team to face Liverpool, but sitting on the bench at Loftus Road is no way to end one of the great players’ careers. Ferdinand is no longer at the peak of his powers and it will be agony to watch him go out like this. After a tough start to life at QPR, Rio Ferdinand has been dropped to the bench by manager Harry Redknapp . SIX PACK? A week tafter Adel Taarabt posed with his shirt off to prove he wasn’t three stone overweight, QPR owner Tony Fernandes got in on the act too by putting his own topless selfie on social media. The airline boss has not quite such an impressive six pack, though - more of a Watney’s Party Barrel. QPR owner Tony Fernandes posed with his shirt off on Instagram to prove he's not three stone overweight . RUSTY BENTEKE . When Christian Benteke returned from a muscle injury at the start of last season it took him three months to get up to Premier League pace - his next goal after getting hurt at Norwich in September didn’t come until January. He looked rusty on Monday night - bad news for boss Paul Lambert who needs his main striker to come good quickly. Belgium international Christian Benteke was off the pace for Aston Villa on Monday at Queens Park Rangers .
highlights: QPR chairman Tony Fernandes' new stadium plans take a hit . Defender Rio Ferdinand once again watched from the home bench . Aston Villa's main striker Christian Benteke looks well off the pace .
id: 161a447511a1f4fcea9260f5d6a40c823fe6a96c
chatgpt: Queens Park Rangers owner and chairman, Tony Fernandes, has been hit with bad news regarding his plans to build a new stadium. The club's defeat at the hands of Aston Villa yesterday has once again brought to light how much work is required to turn the team into a competitive force in the Premier League.  QPR lost 2-0 to Aston Villa, who themselves have been struggling for form this season. Rio Ferdinand, the club's veteran defender, watched from the bench once again, as he was not selected to play. Ferdinand has failed to make an impact for the team this season, and it seems that his days at the club might be numbered.  Fernandes' plans for a new stadium were announced earlier this year, and the Malaysian businessman had hoped to build an arena that would hold 40,000 spectators. The stadium was to be the centrepiece of a huge development project in the Old Oak area of West London. However, setbacks and delays caused by planning permissions have meant that the project is now behind schedule. The news that QPR is struggling on the pitch will not help Fernandes' cause. The team has been inconsistent this season, winning some games while losing others. Their inability to put together a winning run of games has seen them slip down the table, and they are now hovering just above the relegation zone. The club's poor results have also put immense pressure on manager Mark Warburton, who is facing questions about his future. Aston Villa's main striker, Christian Benteke, was another topic of conversation after the match. The Belgian forward has struggled to find his form this season, and many pundits have suggested that he is well off the pace. Benteke was the club's top scorer last season, but he has failed to replicate that form this term. It is clear that he needs to improve if Aston Villa is to have a successful season. In conclusion, QPR's defeat to Aston Villa has once again highlighted the problems that Tony Fernandes is facing both on and off the pitch. His plans for a new stadium are on hold, and the team's poor performances are putting immense pressure on everyone associated with the club. QPR needs to regroup and find some consistency if they are to avoid relegation, while Aston Villa has to find a way to get their star striker back in form.