article: Surrey, British Columbia (CNN) -- Canadian authorities braced for protests expected to take place near Vancouver, British Columbia, on Thursday outside an event where former U.S. presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton are scheduled to appear. Amnesty International called on Canadian authorities to arrest Bush for "war crimes" while activists announced Occupy Wall Street-style protests of the economic summit in Surrey where the former presidents were scheduled to speak along with world finance experts. "We would prefer his home country try George W. Bush," said Alex Neve, secretary-general of Amnesty International Canada. Neve said Bush should face trial for ordering the so-called enhanced interrogation, such as water boarding, of suspected terrorists. "But the Obama administration has made it clear they do not intend to do that, so we are asking Canada to. We are not naive. It's an uphill fight but we feel we have a strong case," Neve said. Across social media and the Internet, activists called for an "Occupy Surrey" protest similar to demonstrations in dozens of cities decrying Wall Street excess. Several recent Occupy Wall Street demonstrations led to property damage and arrests. Authorities in Canada said they were prepared for potential clashes with protesters, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said. RCMP Cpl. Drew Grainger said in a statement the force is going to "respect the rights to democratic and lawful protest and is approaching this event no different than other similar events with a potential for conflict." The summit is taking place in Surrey, a city just south of Vancouver with a population of about 370,000. Organizers are charging about $600 a head for an audience of about 500 people to listen to speakers, including Bush and Clinton. According to the summit agenda, the two ex-presidents will share the stage for about an hour to discuss a variety of topics including "new realities of the North American economy." The talk given by the two presidents is scheduled to begin at 3:45 p.m. ET and will be closed to the media, organizers said. The government of Canada, a close U.S. ally, has not commented on protesters' calls to arrest Bush. But the country's Immigration Minister Jason Kenney told the Vancouver Sun newspaper the request was not being taken seriously. "Amnesty International cherry-picks cases to publicize based on ideology," Kenney said. "This kind of stunt helps explain why so many respected human rights advocates have abandoned Amnesty International." Last month, protesters appeared at a Vancouver event for former vice president Dick Cheney promote his book.
highlights: Protests are expected at a Vancouver event with Bush and Clinton . Amnesty International wants Bush arrested for war crimes . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is ready for clashes . The ex-presidents plan to speak at an economic summit .
id: 97cce02b17aac2eecd6b147185da1cb1b6bdec53
chatgpt: As Vancouver gears up to host the upcoming economic summit, there is growing anticipation of protests and potential clashes during the event, thanks to the presence of former US Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton. Organizers of the event are busy preparing for the arrival of both leaders, who are expected to arrive on the day of the event. However, protesters and activists are also getting their voices heard in the midst of the fuss surrounding the event. Leading the charge is Amnesty International, which has called for the arrest of former President Bush for war crimes. They believe that the former US President is responsible for authorizing torture and other human rights violations that took place during his time in office. Amnesty International is not alone in their protests against Bush. Many other activist groups are demanding his arrest and prosecution. However, it is uncertain if the authorities will respond to their demands. In anticipation of the protests, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) has increased their security measures around the event venues. They are well-prepared to deal with any possible clashes and have promised to ensure that the event is held peacefully. Despite the controversy surrounding Bush's involvement in the event, he and Clinton are expected to speak on the topic of economic growth and the importance of international cooperation. As for the protesters, many argue that their message is not aimed at the event itself, but rather at the former President's involvement in it. They believe that Bush's presence at the event is a slap in the face of those who suffered from his policies, and that it is important to ensure that he is held accountable for his actions. Some protesters have already arrived in Canada, and have been holding peaceful demonstrations outside the event venues. The RCMP has promised to protect their right to protest peacefully, however, they have also warned that any attempt to disrupt the event will not be tolerated. The upcoming economic summit in Vancouver is a highly anticipated event that is expected to attract many leaders and experts from around the world. However, it is also attracting a lot of attention from protesters who are determined to voice their dissatisfaction and demand accountability from those in charge. As the event draws closer, it remains to be seen if the protests will escalate into something more serious or if they will remain peaceful. Regardless of what happens, one thing is clear – the world is watching this event with great interest.