article: Michael Schumacher is 'fighting', the former Ferrari racing boss has said, adding that he believes the ex driving ace will get better. Jean Todt spoke on Schumacher's condition shortly after visiting him at his Swiss mansion where he is being cared for in a purpose-built medical suite. The 45-year-old former race ace returned to his home with his wife and children two months ago after being discharged from a rehabilitation clinic in Lausanne, Switzerland. Scroll down for video . Fighting back: A former racing boss has said Michael Schumacher, pictured in December 2013, is 'fighting' Schumacher spent time in the rehab clinic after coming out of his medically-induced coma following a ski accident in the French Alps on December 29 last year, which left him with catastrophic brain injuries. 'What's important is that he lives and that his family is with him. We really believe that things will get better. He needs time and to be left alone,' Jean Todt said. 'We can say that he can probably never again drive a Formula 1 car. But he is fighting.' President of the International Automobile Federation Jean Todt, said that Schumacher will never drive a Formula 1 car again . Accident: Schumacher, pictured with wife Corinna, suffered severe brain injuries after a ski accident in December last year and was put in a medically induced coma . 'In the past weeks and months, he has made progress in relation to the severity of his injury,' said Todt, now president of the International Automobile Federation after visiting him last week. 'But a long and hard road is in front of him. Hopefully things will improve. His family is close to him. He needs time and peace.' Schumacher is being cared for by a team of 15 experts at his home. It is understood he remains immobile and unable to speak. The team at Gland, where a purpose-built mini-clinic has been constructed inside the Schumacher mansion, consists of 15 people, most of them provided by the Lausanne clinic. His care at home is estimated to be costing his family 100,000 pounds per month. At the end of the year his father Rolf is moving from his home in Germany into a specially constructed residence built for him in the grounds of the 35 million pound Schumacher mansion at Gland, on the shores of Lake Geneva.
highlights: Michael Schumacher 'will be able to recover from his injuries', says F1 boss . Former head of Ferrari racing team spoke after visiting Schumacher . Jean Todt said although he will have a normal life, he will not drive F1 again .
id: 47b25df2f4a1766929a86cc7a8251c37d8c3a2da
chatgpt: Michael Schumacher, the German Formula One racing driver who suffered serious head injuries after a skiing accident in December 2013, will be able to recover from his injuries, according to the former head of Ferrari racing team. Jean Todt spoke after visiting Schumacher in his Swiss home and said that the seven-time world champion has made good progress. Schumacher, who is now 52 years old, spent six months in a coma after the accident and has since been receiving treatment at his home in Switzerland. Todt, who previously managed Schumacher when he was at Ferrari, said that he was happy to see the progress that the driver has made. Todt stated that Schumacher is receiving the best possible care, and he added that he is confident that Schumacher will continue to recover. However, he went on to say that Schumacher will have a normal life going forward and he will not be able to drive in F1 again. Schumacher is regarded as one of the greatest drivers in the history of F1, having won seven world championships and 91 races. He retired from the sport in 2012, but he remained closely involved with the Mercedes team. Since his accident, Schumacher's family has been extremely private about his condition, giving very few updates to the public. Nonetheless, Todt's statement regarding Schumacher's recovery will come as a relief to many fans who have been concerned about his health. Unsurprisingly, the news has also led to speculation about whether Schumacher will make a public appearance any time soon. However, Todt warned against building up expectations, stating that Schumacher's wife, Corinna, will make the call on any future public appearances. Schumacher's accident was a stark reminder of the dangers of high-speed sports, and it sent shockwaves through the world of F1. Despite the challenges that he has faced since the accident, Schumacher's determination and fighting spirit have been evident in his ongoing recovery. We wish him all the best as he continues to make progress on the road to recovery.