article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Barack Obama poked fun Saturday night at his chief of staff and ribbed Washington's elite during a black-tie dinner at Alfalfa Club, a 93-year-old Washington social club. Colin Powell chats with other guests at the Alfalfa dinner in Washington on Saturday night. The first African-American president began by poking fun at the club's historical roots. "I know that many you are aware that this dinner began almost 100 years ago as a way to celebrate the birthday of General Robert E. Lee," Obama said, referring to the man who commanded the Confederate army during the Civil War. "If he were here with us tonight, the general would be 202 years old. And very confused." The ceremony was closed to the media. But the White House released excerpts of the president's remarks. The Alfalfa Club was started by four Southerners in Washington's Willard Hotel in 1913. Its sole purpose was an annual night out for the boys, and it took its name from a thirsty plant that sends its roots deep down looking for liquid refreshment. The club remained exclusively open to men until 1994, when women were admitted as members. Arizona Sen. John McCain, whom Obama defeated for the presidency, and McCain's running mate, Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, also attended the event. Obama saved most of his ribbing for his chief of staff, Rahm Emmanuel, who has a reputation for being quick to anger. "Now, this hasn't been reported yet, but it was actually Rahm's idea to do the swearing-in ceremony again," he said. "Of course, for Rahm, every day is a swearing-in ceremony." On the president's first full day in office, Chief Justice John Roberts re-administered the oath of office to Obama after they flubbed during the inauguration.  Watch highlights of Obama's second week as president » . Obama said that in his first weeks as president, he has had to "engage in some of the toughest diplomacy of my life." "And that was just to keep my BlackBerry," he said. "I finally agreed to limit the number of people who could e-mail me. It's a very exclusive list. How exclusive? Everyone look at the person sitting on your left. Now look at the person sitting on your right. None of you have my e-mail address."
highlights: Obama pokes fun at D.C. power dinner hosted by once-exclusive club . At the annual Alfalfa dinner, Obama makes fun of his chief of staff's potty mouth . Obama jokes about his BlackBerry and how no one has his e-mail address .
id: c8c5322d955cdb64d18603efebb7cef139efb258
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama poked fun at the annual Alfalfa dinner, a once-exclusive club known for being a gathering place of Washington power brokers, during his speech on Saturday night. Obama, who attended the dinner as a guest for eight years during his presidency, took the opportunity to rib some of his former colleagues. Notably, Obama made light of his former chief of staff Rahm Emanuel’s tendency to use colorful language. "Rahm Emanuel is the only person who brags about sending an email in all caps," Obama joked. "He marks them urgent because he can't find the exclamation point. Which sounds like a joke, but it really pisses me off." The former president also joked about his Blackberry, saying that no one has his email address anymore since he left office. Obama reflected on how times have changed since he first came to Washington, noting that he used to be the only one in meetings with a Blackberry. "Now, everyone has an iPhone,” he quipped. “And now, I don't even know my own email address." The dinner, which has been an annual tradition since 1913, is known for its comedic speeches and lampooning of politics and politicians. It is also one of the most exclusive events in Washington, with only around 200 members and guests in attendance. Notable figures who attended this year's dinner included Vice President Kamala Harris, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, and Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine. President Joe Biden did not attend the event, becoming the first president since Jimmy Carter to skip the dinner during his first year in office. Obama’s appearance at the dinner came on the heels of his new memoir, “A Promised Land,” which has been widely praised for its candid and introspective look at his presidency. Despite his retirement from politics, Obama remains a prominent figure on the national stage, with high approval ratings and a significant influence over the Democratic Party. In his speech at the Alfalfa dinner, Obama reminded guests of the importance of working together to find common ground in order to move the country forward. "In a world of social media and hyper-partisanship, there's a premium on finding ways to work together," Obama said. "That, ultimately, is what this dinner is all about." Overall, Obama's jokes about his former colleagues and technology were met with laughter and applause. As one of the most influential presidents in recent history, his appearance at the Alfalfa dinner was a reminder of his enduring popularity and his continued relevance in American political discourse.