article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:52 EST, 30 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:58 EST, 30 September 2013 . It was meant to be the moment when Kenyan Wilson Kipsang relished in glory after setting a new world record when he incredibly ran the Berlin marathon in two hours, three minutes and 23 seconds. But he was not the only person that day who wanted a slice of the action. The long distance runner was pipped to the line by an intruder wearing a T-shirt promoting a website for prostitutes. Attention seeker: The man in yellow spoiled Wilson Kipsang's moment when he crossed the line before him . The man in yellow ran the final few yards with Kipsang to promote the site that matches prostitutes with 'gentlemen with high demands'. Despite trying to claim the glory, nothing can detract from the fact that Kipsang sliced 15 seconds of the previous world record. The 31-year-old clocked a time of two hours, three minutes, 23 seconds to better the previous mark set by Patrick Makau two years ago. Fellow Kenyans Eliud Kipchoge (2:04:05) and Geoffrey Kipsang (2:06:26) finished second and third respectively. Wilson Kipsang set a new world record when finished the marathon 15 seconds ahead of the previous best time. But his finish line moment was ruined by an intruder in yellow promoting a site for prostitutes . The long distance runner was pipped to the line by an intruder who wanted to take all the glory . Makau was not competing in the event after withdrawing two weeks ago with a knee injury. Kipsang competed in his first Olympics in London last year, where he finished third. Speaking after the race, he said: 'I'm very happy that I have won and broken the world record. 'I was really inspired by [fellow Kenyan] Paul Tergat when he broke the world record here 10 years ago and I'm very happy that I was in a position to break the record on the same course.'
highlights: Kenyan Wilson Kipsang was taking part in the BMW Berlin Marathon . The 31-year-old knocked 15 seconds off the previous world record . Despite winning he was pipped to the post by a man in yellow promoting a site that matches prostitutes with 'gentlemen with high demands'
id: 3325065641267791c9776e0030566861a0b7dabb
chatgpt: Kenyan runner Wilson Kipsang has set a new world record for the marathon distance, beating the previous record by 15 seconds. Kipsang was taking part in the BMW Berlin Marathon on Sunday when he achieved the impressive feat, finishing the race in just 2 hours, 3 minutes and 23 seconds. Despite his incredible performance, Kipsang was not the first runner to cross the finish line. He was beaten to the post by a man dressed in yellow promoting a website that matches prostitutes with "gentlemen with high demands". The incident has caused outrage among athletics fans, with many expressing their disappointment that such an event could be marred by such unsavory activity. Some have even called for the event to be stripped of its world record status, arguing that the presence of the prostitute-promoting runner casts a shadow over Kipsang's achievement. However, others have pointed out that the actions of the individual in question should not diminish the impressive feat achieved by Kipsang. The Kenyan runner has trained hard for this event and performed at an incredibly high level. In the aftermath of his world record breaking run, Kipsang himself has not commented on the incident. Instead, he has chosen to focus on his athletic achievement, which is a testament to his talent and determination. This is not the first time that the BMW Berlin Marathon has been caught up in controversy. In 2011, there were concerns about doping in the race, while in 2012 the event was marred by the tragic death of a participant. Despite these issues, the BMW Berlin Marathon remains one of the most prestigious events in the athletics calendar, with runners from around the world drawn to its fast, flat course and electric atmosphere. For Wilson Kipsang, his world record-breaking run will go down in history as one of the greatest athletic achievements of all time. Whether or not the prostitute-promoting runner will be remembered is another matter entirely.