article: (CNN) -- Spain international Santi Cazorla has joined English Premier League club Arsenal from Malaga on a long-term deal. The versatile midfielder has been signed for an undisclosed sum -- believed to be around $23.5 million -- with the length of his contract also unspecified by Arsenal. The 27-year-old was a key player in the Malaga side, which finished fourth in La Liga last season to qualify for the Champions League for the first time in the club's history. "Santi Cazorla is a great signing for us," Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said. "He is a player with good experience at both club and international level, who will add significant quality to our squad. "He is a versatile, attacking midfield player who can play comfortably on either side of the pitch or centrally. He has good pace, is technically gifted and will be a huge asset to Arsenal." Will big football club's beat Financial Fair Play rules? Named Spanish Player of the Year in 2007, Cazorla joined Malaga in 2011 following two stints with Villarreal. He has been capped 45 times by Spain, and was part of their winning squad at this year's European Championships and in 2008. "I'm so excited to be joining one of the greatest teams in Europe and also in the Premier League," he said. "I will do my best to help Arsenal challenge for trophies and make all the supporters happy." 'Supporter for sale' finds new home at Spurs . Malaga recently announced it was undergoing a process of "internal restructuring," with owner Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nassar Al-Thani -- a member of the Qatar royal family -- reportedly wanting to sell up after only two years. Cazorla's arrival at Arsenal follows the club's summer signings of Germany forward Lukas Podolski and France international striker Olivier Giroud. With the start of the Premier League season less than a fortnight away, the focus will now switch to whether Arsenal captain Robin van Persie will stay at the Emirates. Last month the Dutch striker, who has a year left on his contract, revealed his intention not to sign a new deal with the London club. So far Manchester United, Manchester City and Juventus have made bids for the 28-year-old -- all of which have been rejected by Arsenal. "I've thought long and hard about it, but I have decided not to extend my contract," said Van Persie. "You guys, the fans, have of course the right to disagree with my view and decision and I will always respect your opinions."
highlights: Spanish footballer Santi Cazorla joins Arsenal for undisclosed sum . His former club Malaga is undergoing a process of "internal restructuring" High-profile signing follows arrival of Olivier Giroud and Lukas Podolski . Arsenal must now wait to find out if captain Robin van Persie will stay .
id: f7c5e1ac79f8d40a225d472a51bc47dac49d85e6
chatgpt: In a major move for English football club Arsenal, Spanish footballer Santi Cazorla has been signed up for an undisclosed sum. Cazorla, who had previously played for Malaga, joins the likes of Olivier Giroud and Lukas Podolski in a trio of high-profile signings for Arsenal this summer. Cazorla, who is known for his versatility and attacking prowess, is expected to be a valuable addition to the Arsenal team as they compete for the Premier League title this season. With his skill on the ball and eye for goal, Cazorla is likely to fit in well with Arsenal's fast-paced style of play. The signing of Cazorla comes at a time when his former club Malaga is undergoing an internal restructuring process. The Spanish club, which has been struggling financially, is looking to cut costs and reduce its reliance on high-priced players. For Cazorla, the move to Arsenal offers him the opportunity to play for one of the biggest clubs in Europe and to compete against some of the best footballers in the world. The Premier League, which is widely regarded as one of the most competitive and exciting leagues in the world, is sure to test Cazorla's skills to the limit. However, the signing of Cazorla is not without its complications for Arsenal. The club must now wait to find out whether their captain, Robin van Persie, will stay with the team or move on to another club. Van Persie, who has been the club's most important player in recent seasons, has yet to commit to a new contract with Arsenal. The arrival of Cazorla, Giroud and Podolski has been seen by many fans and pundits as a signal of Arsenal's ambition to challenge for major honours this season. With these new signings, Arsenal has shown that it is willing to spend big in order to strengthen its squad and compete at the highest level. Overall, the signing of Santi Cazorla is a major coup for Arsenal and a clear signal of the club's ambition for the upcoming season. While there are still question marks over the future of Robin van Persie, the arrival of Cazorla is sure to give fans plenty of reasons to be optimistic about the season ahead.