article: (CNN) -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs' phone privileges have been suspended, as investigators look into whether he preached from prison, authorities said Tuesday. The Texas Department of Criminal Justice announced last week that it had initiated an investigation into claims that Jeffs used the phone to preach to his congregation on Christmas Day. Records show that Jeffs made two phone calls on Christmas Day, said Jason Clark, a Criminal Justice Department spokesman, who declined to identify the people who lost their phone privileges with Jeffs. "It would be a violation of the rules if the person called were to place the call on speaker phone or record the conversation. The Office of Inspector General has asked us to suspend the accounts of certain individuals on his calling list while they continue to investigate," said Clark. Texas inmates are allowed to call as many as 10 people who have registered with the offender phone system vendor. Calls can be up to 15 minutes in length, and offenders are limited to 240 minutes of phone time per month. All calls are recorded and monitored except those between an inmate and his attorney. Jeffs remains isolated in protective custody in the state's Powledge Unit prison facility near Palestine, Texas. "He has no cellmate. No prison job. And the only time he leaves it (his cell) is for a shower and recreation," Clark said. Jeffs, the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, is serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault. He was convicted in early August of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl that Jeffs claimed were his "spiritual wives." The 10,000-member church is a breakaway Mormon sect that openly practices polygamy in the twin border towns of Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Arizona, as well as on its Yearning For Zion ranch near Eldorado, Texas. The mainstream Mormon church renounced polygamy more than a century ago. Many sect members have disavowed Jeffs over his criminal convictions, while others are defending him and casting his conviction on sexual assault charges as an act of persecution. Last week, a long-time follower of Jeffs said he had been ex-communicated after admitting to having sex with his wife -- a violation of an order that the sect leader apparently issued from behind bars. The church member spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue. CNN's Gary Tuchman contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Warren Jeffs loses his phone privileges for now . Officials are investigating whether Jeffs preached from prison on Christmas Day . Texas inmates are allowed to have as many as 10 people on their call list . Jeffs is currently serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault .
id: 1322a6f7382a2c49286537d7b64ca120060f7b98
chatgpt: In a recent development, Warren Jeffs, the notorious cult leader and convicted sexual abuser, has reportedly lost his phone privileges inside the prison he is serving his sentence in. This comes after officials received information that Jeffs may have delivered a sermon on Christmas day from his cell in the Texas State Penitentiary. According to prison regulations in Texas, inmates are allowed to maintain a call list of up to 10 people. However, these privileges may be suspended if they are found to be violating any prison rules. Jeffs, who is serving a life-plus-20-year term for sexually abusing underage girls, may have preached to his followers despite these restrictions. The investigation into Jeffs' alleged preaching on Christmas day reportedly came after authorities received anonymous tips that he was using his allotted phone time for illegal activities. This prompted officials to monitor his phone conversations closely, and they soon discovered that he may have been preaching to his followers. The loss of phone privileges is a significant setback for Jeffs, who has previously used his access to phones to communicate with his followers and maintain his hold over them. His ability to deliver sermons and issue commands from prison has been a cause of concern for authorities, who fear that he may continue to exert his influence over his followers even after his conviction. This recent incident is just the latest in a long list of controversies surrounding Jeffs and his cult. He was the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, a breakaway sect that is known for its extreme beliefs and practices. Jeffs was arrested in 2006 and later convicted of sexually assaulting underage girls whom he had taken as his wives. Since his conviction, Jeffs has maintained his innocence and continued to exert his influence over his followers from behind bars. He has issued a series of bizarre statements and instructions to his followers, including calling for the destruction of the United States and urging his followers to prepare for the end of the world. Despite his incarceration and the loss of his phone privileges, it is clear that Jeffs' hold over his followers remains strong. His continued ability to preach and issue commands from behind bars is a cause of concern for authorities, who are now more determined than ever to put an end to his reign of terror. In conclusion, the loss of phone privileges for Warren Jeffs is a small but significant victory for authorities who have been trying to limit his influence from behind bars. It remains to be seen whether this latest setback will deter him from continuing to preach and issue commands to his followers.