article: (CNN) -- Singapore's National Council on Problem Gambling (NCPG) has been forced to revise a World Cup-themed ad campaign after it appeared to score an own goal with its latest message. The ad, which was on seen on TV and on local buses, featured a crestfallen boy named Andy expressing his hope that Germany would win football's biggest tournament after his father placed all his savings on that result -- which of course, they did. The jokes started to spill out across the world following Germany's remarkable 7-1 victory over hosts Brazil in the semifinal. "Cheer up kid, your dad bet on Germany! He's so rich, you don't even need to go to college any more!" quipped Jimmy Fallon, host of "The Tonight Show." Reply . But the quick-thinking NCPG has used the attention -- including from U.S. late night talk show hosts -- to counter with another advertisement, this time highlighting the ongoing nature of problem gambling. The followup ad has one of Andy's friends asking, "Your dad's team won. Did you get your savings back?" to which Andy replies, "No, dad never stops... he wants to bet one more time." The plaintive conversation is followed up with the line, "Often, the people who suffer from problem gambling aren't the gamblers." Prior to the rejig, the NCPG defended the campaign: "At the end of the day, win or lose, the dangers of problem gambling, and the potential anxiety and pain that loved ones go through remain unchanged," a statement read. The organization did not respond to CNN's request for comment. Singapore has somewhat of a love-hate relationship with betting. Problem gambling is an issue in Singapore, as are the related debts owed to loan sharks. Some of the city-state's more unscrupulous citizens are often implicated with global match-fixing scandals, and Singapore has led crackdowns on ringleaders, including Dan Tan, a Singaporean who is currently being held in indefinite detention. In addition, 15 people were arrested last month for allegedly receiving illegal football bets equivalent to US$640,000, police said. However, despite the societal impact that gambling has, Singapore revised its laws in 2006 to liberalize gaming in the city, a move that has brought international operators to Singapore and made it one Asia's casino hubs. The NCPG campaign -- now updated to reflect the father's voracious gambling habits -- will run until July 23. World's hottest new cocktail city: Singapore .
highlights: Original ad campaign, which inadvertently predicted Germany win, provokes worldwide mocking . Updated poster shows ongoing nature of problem gambling . New legislation in 2006 liberalized the Asian city's gaming laws .
id: 27b60dd1d0ad049786391b2c9811a108c3000504
chatgpt: In 2006, the Asian city of Macau had a major overhaul of its gaming laws, with new legislation that was far more liberal. One of the consequences of this new law was a huge increase in gambling activity throughout the region. In fact, by 2013, Macau had surpassed the famous Las Vegas strip as the world's premier gambling destination. However, with this growth came a number of negative side effects, one of which was problem gambling. This is an issue that had already been highlighted by the authorities in the city, but it was brought to prominence once again thanks to a recent advertising campaign. The original campaign was launched a few years ago, and it featured posters with the tagline "Gambling is Life". One of these posters, which depicted a football player holding up the World Cup trophy with the words "Germany" on it, proved to be embarrassingly prophetic when Germany went on to win the tournament that year. This poster was widely mocked around the world, with many people commenting that it seemed to suggest that gambling was the key to success. It soon became clear, however, that the message was actually intended to highlight the problem of gambling addiction. Despite this, the message was misunderstood by many people, and the authorities in Macau decided to take action. They launched a new advertising campaign featuring updated posters that showed the ongoing nature of the problem of gambling addiction. These new posters feature the slogan "Gambling is not just Life, it's also a Problem", and they show a range of people who are struggling with various aspects of problem gambling. Some of the images are quite striking, and they certainly serve as a stark reminder of the dangers of gambling addiction. The updated campaign has received a mixed response from the public. Some people have praised the authorities for taking action to combat problem gambling, while others have criticized the campaign as being too negative and not doing enough to promote the positive aspects of gambling. Overall, though, it seems that the new campaign has achieved its goal of bringing attention to the issue of problem gambling in Macau. The city's authorities have continued to work tirelessly to tackle this issue, and there are now a number of support groups and counseling services available for those who are struggling with gambling addiction. It remains to be seen whether these measures will be enough to combat the problem of gambling addiction in Macau, but it is clear that the authorities are taking the issue seriously and are doing everything they can to help those who are affected by it.