article: (CNN) -- An Ohio jury Tuesday convicted a 53-year-old man for killing three men who had answered a Craigslist ad for work on a cattle farm. Richard Beasley was found guilty on 26 counts of aggravated murder, kidnapping, aggravated robbery and other charges. Jurors will return March 20 to determine if Beasley should receive the death penalty, CNN affiliate WKYC reported. Prosecutors said Beasley was the "principal offender" in the murders of three men between August and November 2011. During the trial, prosecutors indicated robbery might have been one possible motive for the killings. The victims -- Ralph Geiger, 56, of Akron, Ohio; David Pauley, 51, of Norfolk, Virginia; and Timothy Kern, 47, of Massillon, Ohio -- were found dead in separate shallow graves after responding to an online ad soliciting workers, authorities have said. The investigation into the killings began the night of November 6, 2011, when a Noble County deputy sheriff responded to a call and came upon a "white, middle-aged man being treated for a gunshot wound to the right arm," according to Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum of Noble County. The wounded man -- Scott Davis from South Carolina -- told the law enforcement officer that he had answered an ad on the Craigslist website offering work caring for cattle on a 688-acre property in eastern Ohio before he was shot by Beasley. Brogan Rafferty, 17, of Stow, Ohio, a high school sophomore, was convicted in October on charges of aggravated murder and attempted murder in connection with the killings, CNN affiliate WJW reported. He was sentenced to three life sentences without the possibility of parole.
highlights: Richard Beasley is found guilty on 26 charges . He could face the death penalty, CNN affiliate reports . He was convicted of killing three men who answered an online ad .
id: ed9f788b3fb9930d06625f434ad49839c46e0009
chatgpt: After three long years, the verdict in the case of Richard Beasley has finally been decided. The Ohio man was found guilty on 26 charges, including aggravated murder, kidnapping, and robbery. The jury deliberated for less than two hours before returning the guilty verdict. Beasley's crimes were heinous. He lured men to a remote farm with the promise of work, using online ads to find his victims. Once they arrived, he murdered them in cold blood. Three men lost their lives at the hands of Beasley: Ralph Geiger, David Pauley, and Timothy Kern. Beasley's conviction means that he could face the ultimate penalty – the death penalty. CNN affiliate reports that the sentencing phase of the trial will begin soon, during which the jurors will hear evidence and testimony that will help them decide whether or not to recommend the death penalty. The final decision will ultimately be up to the judge. The verdict in this case comes as a relief to the families of the victims, who have had to endure years of agony and uncertainty. "I'm glad he was found guilty," said Debbie Grisnik, the sister of Timothy Kern. "I hope he spends the rest of his life in jail or gets the death penalty." Beasley showed no emotion as the verdict was read. He had acted as his own attorney during the trial, making a series of bizarre outbursts and objections. Despite the overwhelming evidence against him, Beasley maintained his innocence throughout the proceedings. The case of Richard Beasley is a disturbing reminder of the dangers that lurk online. It serves as a warning to anyone who uses the internet that they must be vigilant and cautious when dealing with strangers, and that they should never meet someone in person unless they are absolutely sure it is safe to do so.