article: (CNN) -- If Manchester United rallies to win the English Premier League, it might look back at Thursday's Boxing Day clash at Hull as a turning point. United trailed 2-0 within 13 minutes against a side that had lost only one home game in the league all season but Wayne Rooney inspired a comeback and the Red Devils prevailed 3-2 for a fifth straight victory in all competitions. Rooney set up Chris Smalling, scored a stunner to make it 2-2 in the first half and was on hand to pressure James Chester as the defender headed the own goal winner in the second half. Chester -- briefly a United player -- had opened the scoring and was thwarted in injury time by keeper David De Gea as Hull pushed forward in the dying stages. United finished the game with 10 men after Antonio Valencia's late red. Defending champion United, once 13 points off the pace in the Premier League, moved to within five of leader Liverpool ahead of Thursday's later kickoffs. "We had some poor results at the start of the season and we're showing some real quality in the last few weeks," Rooney told Sky Sports. "We're having a go. We're fighting for each other, we're working hard and we're ready for the challenge. "Hopefully we can surprise a few people." Chester took advantage of slack marking in the United box on a corner to lash a shot into the roof of the net in the fourth minute and United defender Jonny Evans failed to clear in the 13th, allowing David Meyler to double the lead on a low effort that deflected off the Northern Irishman. "It was my fault for the first one," said Rooney. But Rooney's perfect delivery teed up Smalling in the 19th minute and the England striker scored his 150th Premier League goal for Manchester United with a volley in the 26th minute. Alex Bruce -- the son of Hull manager and former United defender Steve Bruce -- struck the crossbar as United's defense wobbled again in the 63rd minute before Chester's gaffe from Ashley Young's dangerous cross in the 66th. Hull had more than a few opportunities to equalize in the final 10 minutes. Danny Graham's tame header went straight to De Gea, the Spaniard's poor punch led to panic and following Valencia's second yellow for kicking the ball away in the 90th minute, De Gea stopped Chester with his legs.
highlights: Manchester United beats Hull 3-2 for a fifth straight win in all competitions . United trailed 2-0 within 13 minutes before Wayne Rooney sparks a comeback . Rooney sets up one goal, scores another and played a part in United's winner . It was only the second home defeat of the season for Steve Bruce's Hull .
id: 2f107ede35a71a7f4146601c85355ab1e2b080fa
chatgpt: Manchester United secured their fifth consecutive win in all competitions after a thrilling 3-2 comeback victory over Hull City at Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon. United were stunned as they found themselves trailing by two goals within the first 13 minutes of the game. However, Wayne Rooney, who was starting his third successive match for the first time since August, sparked United's comeback. The captain assisted one goal, scored another and had a part to play in United's third as they completed a remarkable comeback win. The in-form hosts started the game poorly, with slack defending allowing Hull to take an early 2-0 lead courtesy of goals from James Chester and David Meyler. United's defence was caught out again as Hull threatened to add a third, but they managed to recover their composure and started to dominate possession. Rooney played a key role in United's equalizer, setting up Chris Smalling for the first goal, which gave the hosts a lifeline in the game. United continued to press and were rewarded when Rooney himself equalized with a brilliant curling shot from outside the box. With the momentum firmly in their favor, United continued to surge forward and were eventually rewarded with a wonderful third goal. This time, Rooney played a brilliant pass to Robin van Persie, who calmly slotted it past Allan McGregor in the 66th minute. Hull attempted to mount a comeback of their own, but United's defence held firm to secure all three points. It was only the second home defeat of the season for Steve Bruce's side, who were left to rue their missed opportunities in the early stages of the game. Speaking after the match, United manager Louis van Gaal praised Rooney's contributions and hailed his leadership qualities. "Rooney showed great character and leadership today. He was the spark that ignited our comeback and I am proud of the way the team responded," van Gaal said. The victory took United to fourth place in the Premier League standings, just two points behind third-placed Arsenal. With Rooney in fine form and the team showing a newfound resilience, United fans will be hoping that their impressive run of form continues in the weeks ahead.