article: By . Sarah Dean . They are hound dogs who love the thrill of the chase. But while Beagles usually track rabbits and deer, in Australia a pack of the dogs are having more fun pursuing a remote control car. Brisbane man Andrew Ison captured his Beagles chasing the toy around a park during one of his regular meet-ups with the unofficial Beagle Club of Queensland. Mr Ison posted the video, which has now been watched over 200,000 times, on YouTube and one commenter exclaimed: 'I could watch this all day.' Scroll down for video . Beagle derby! The hounds chased the blue and red remote control car in a Queensland park . The man, who goes by the name of RedKrawler online, has six Beagles - Sally, Leia, Abby, Keeper, Bolty and Flo - and keeps his online followers up to date with his pets' antics. The 'Beagle derby', as he called it, took place Alexander Clark Park in Loganholme, Queensland. The Beagles are heard barking frantically as they run and chase a blue and red remote control car around an obstacle course and through a tunnel in the video. A man in blue shorts and a cap stands in the middle of the track with the controls, as others watch the dogs from the sidelines of the pen. But the video ends before the dogs actually catch the car. Thrill of the chase! The pack were playing in Alexander Clark Park in Loganholme, Queensland . It's mine! The dogs almost caught the car before it entered a tunnel . 'We met up with some fellow Beagle owners and took some photos of our pack chasing a radio control car around. They enjoyed it - a lot,' Mr Ison wrote on Reddit. He also posted photos on image sharing website Imgur, explaining: 'I think the photos better highlight the majesty of the ears and jowls flying everywhere.' One YouTube user called Melinda Kirby commented on the video: 'I have 5 beagles and I found this hilarious! 'These beagles are having fun and doing what comes naturally: chasing something. Beagles were originally bred to hunt rabbits, and they are wonderful at it.' High and low: The pooches climbed over obstacles to get to the car . Rebecca Ritchie added: 'This is awesome... I need to get one for my Beagle to chase lol. Or find a doggy park full of beagles! ﻿' However, another YouTube user, Mr Johnson, said the video was cruel: 'Those dogs have no idea what that car is and you can tell by the noises they're making that they are really scared.' While Please Ban Me blasted the video as: 'Animal cruelty. This will severely psychologically damage a dog as they are chasing for an object they can never catch. This leads to depression and weight gain. Reported.﻿' A spokesperson for the RSPCA in Queensland told Daily Mail Australia: 'We Wouldn't be investigating something like this as animal cruelty.'
highlights: Brisbane man Andrew Ison filmed his Beagles chasing a remote control car . It took place in Alexander Clark Park in Loganholme, Queensland . Occurred during a meet-up with the unofficial Beagle Club of Queensland .
id: 0f082b7dcc1b381ef461cb13381fe0c4fb34562c
chatgpt: A group of Beagle lovers in Queensland were in for a treat as they watched Andrew Ison's Beagles chase after a remote control car in Alexander Clark Park in Loganholme. The unusual sight took place during a meet-up with the unofficial Beagle Club of Queensland. Andrew Ison, a Brisbane resident who is a proud owner of Beagles, found an exciting way to entertain his furry companions. He decided to invite other Beagle owners to a meet-up in Alexander Clark Park in Loganholme, Queensland. The dogs were in for an absolute treat as Ison unveiled a remote control car that they could chase. The car zoomed about, with the Beagles in hot pursuit. The dogs were enthusiastic, barking and running as fast as they could to keep up with the car. The scene was one-of-a-kind, as Beagles are known to have exceptional tracking abilities. However, their ability to chase a remote control car left many amazed. The event was a unique mix of fun, entertainment, and education, as the Beagles demonstrated their agility and enthusiasm. Attendees at the meet-up were awestruck by the sight of the Beagles chasing the remote control car. While many were amazed by the dogs' ability to keep up with the car, others found it amusing as the Beagles stumbled and fell over themselves in the pursuit of the car. Speaking to reporters, Ison said, "I love my Beagles, and I'm always trying to find ways to keep them active and engaged. The idea of having them chase a remote control car came to me, and I thought it would be fun to try it out with other Beagle owners," he said. The Beagle Club of Queensland, an unofficial gathering of Beagle enthusiasts, frequently organizes events that allow dog owners to bond and socialize. However, the idea of a remote control car chase was a new one, and one that is likely to be remembered for years to come. The event also provided an opportunity for Beagle owners to connect and share their experiences with their furry companions. Some of the attendees spoke about their love for Beagles, describing them as "friendly, playful, and endlessly entertaining." The event was a great success, with attendees and participants alike describing it as a fun and memorable experience. The unique idea of a remote control car chase added a new dimension to a day that was otherwise filled with typical Beagle activities like running and digging. The Beagle Club of Queensland is planning to hold more events in the future, with the hope of continuing to provide opportunities for Beagle owners to connect and engage with their dogs. The club's events are open to all Beagle owners, and attendees are encouraged to bring their furry friends along for a day of fun and entertainment. Andrew Ison's idea of a remote control car chase for Beagles may have seemed unusual at first, but it turned out to be a massive hit with the dogs and their owners. It was a unique blend of entertainment, education, and bonding, providing attendees with a memorable experience that they are sure to remember for years to come.