article: (CNN) -- The rumors have been whizzing around the pit lane for months, but Fernando Alonso says he's staying put at Ferrari -- at least for the time being. The Spaniard has moved to quell mounting speculation about his future with Formula One's oldest team ahead of its home race, this weekend's Italian Grand Prix at the historic Monza circuit. "I have a contract for another two years and as I always say on the subject of rumors and to ensure calm, what I want is to continue for the necessary years," Alonso told the Ferrari F1 team's official website on Wednesday. "Let's see if that can happen, but for the next two years at least, there is no problem." Alonso joined Ferrari from Renault in 2010 and currently earns around $30 million a year, according to U.S. business magazine Forbes. But while the 33-year-old isn't short of cash, grand prix victories have been lacking in recent times -- he last took the checkered flag 27 races ago at the Spanish Grand Prix in May 2013. Mercedes and Red Bull have left Ferrari trailing in their wake this season, with double world champion Alonso recording just two podium finishes in 12 races. He is fourth in the drivers' championship, 99 points behind leader Nico Rosberg of Mercedes, while Ferrari is a distant third behind the German's dominant team. Alonso's relegation to also-ran so far this year has fueled speculation about his future, with both Red Bull and his former team McLaren rumored to be interested in signing him -- much to his annoyance. "It's not nice, because it creates a bit of stress and it means it is disruptive for me, the fans and for the people in the team," he said. "It's a year now that I've been saying I want to stay at Ferrari and extend my contract. That's my wish, I repeat it every two weeks, at the end of every race, yet it's never said, in fact there is a tendency for the opposite to be said. "Talk of other teams has never come from my lips, in fact it's always been the opposite." Read more: Is Ross Brawn about to rejoin Ferrari? Read more: Alonso 'hungry for success' in 2014 .
highlights: Fernando Alonso speaks about Ferrari future ahead of Italian Grand Prix at Monza . Spanish driver says there is "no problem" staying at Ferrari until 2016 . Rumors about a switch to F1 rivals Red Bull or McLaren not fueled by him, Alonso says .
id: bf09acb45b8df66a30589aac7b4292671df09f08
chatgpt: Two-time world champion, Fernando Alonso, spoke to the media ahead of the Italian Grand Prix at Monza, and addressed rumors surrounding his future with Ferrari. Despite his contract with Ferrari set to expire at the end of the 2016 season, Alonso has confirmed that he is committed to his current team, stating that there is "no problem" staying with them until then. While rumors have been circulating about a potential move to F1 rivals Red Bull or McLaren, Alonso stated that he did not fuel these rumors himself. "I have never talked to anyone from any other team," said the Spaniard. "I have seen names linked in the media but that's normal," he added. Alonso did acknowledge that he understands the speculation surrounding his future, given that he has yet to win a championship since joining Ferrari in 2010. "I understand the interest, but my intention is to stay with Ferrari until the end of my contract," he confirmed. Alonso's future with Ferrari was called into question after the team recently signed four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel, who is set to join the team in 2015. However, Alonso is confident that he and Vettel can work together successfully. "I think it's a great challenge for Ferrari to have two world champions in the team," said Alonso. "I think it is good for the team spirit and good for the motivation of the people working for Ferrari." Alonso will be looking to gain ground on the championship standings at Monza, where he has won twice previously in 2010 and 2012. However, with Ferrari's performance so far this season, it may prove to be a challenging prospect. As speculation around his future continues, Alonso remains focused on the present and his commitment to Ferrari. "We need to keep working," he said, "and try to do better and be competitive for the rest of the season."