article: By . Associated Press . Police say a 10-year-old girl was asleep in her family's Pennsylvania apartment when she was woken up by the sound of gunshots in the middle of the night, in what may have been an attempted home invasion. Washington County Coroner Tim Warco says Taniyah Thomas was shot in the head at about 3:50 a.m. Monday at her home about 20 miles southwest of Pittsburgh. Washington police Det. Daniel Stanek says the girl, her mother, her mother's boyfriend and a baby were asleep when the shots were fired through the apartment door. Taniyah died of a head wound about 30 minutes later at Washington Hospital. Killed: Taniyah Thomas, 10-year-old girl fatally shot at Pennsylvania home . Killed: 10-year-old girl who was woken up by sound of gunfire shot to death during attempted home invasion as she ran for safety to her mom's bedroom . Police say the shooter didn't enter the apartment. They also say it isn't clear whether more than one suspect was involved. Police haven't said who they believe may have been targeted in the potential home invasion. During a morning news conference, police said whoever fired the shots kicked in a bottom level door to get access to the building. They then traveled upstairs, where the shots were fired. Thomas’ grandfather, Sherman Brown, told CBS News that he blames the mother’s boyfriend and thinks this was drug-related. 'Why would they come to somebody’s house and break in and then go to shooting? She was an innocent girl and got shot and died. And that’s terrible. I’m just so upset,' Sherman Brown said. Investigators said Taniyah likely woke up scared after hearing the gunshots and tried running to her mom’s room, where she was shot. Killed: Washington police Det. Daniel Stanek says the girl, her mother, her mother¿s boyfriend and a baby were asleep when the shots were fired through the apartment door. Taniyah died of a head wound about 30 minutes later . Taniyah’s grandfather said she loved cheerleading and was an innocent bystander to terrible violence. 'You don’t shoot kids. I can see you killing a grown-up or doing something that did something to you. You don’t mess with young kids. Why? They never did anything you,' Sherman Brown told WPXI. 'I just took her last Wednesday to her cheerleading and she was supposed to go tomorrow to Pittsburgh for a competition. Now she can’t go.' Police have also said an infant was also inside the home at the time of the shooting, but was not hurt. A fund has been set up for anyone that would like to contribute cash donations for the funeral of the little girl at GiveForward.com.
highlights: Taniyah Thomas, 10, was shot just before 4am Monday . She woke up scared after hearing the gunshots and tried running to her mom’s room . She was a fourth-grader at Washington Park School and loved cheerleadering . Police do not know who the intruders were targeting .
id: 8753471ff6abbbc2528dbda94ff6336b1c4cdcc6
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in the early hours of Monday morning as Taniyah Thomas, a 10-year-old student at Washington Park School, was shot and killed inside her home. The incident occurred just before 4 am, and it appears that Taniyah had been asleep when the shooting began. According to reports, Taniyah woke up just as the gunshots rang out. She was scared and confused, and she tried to make her way to her mother's room for safety. Unfortunately, before she could reach her mother, she was hit by a bullet and fell to the ground. Taniyah's mother, who was also inside the house at the time, heard the shots and rushed to her daughter's side. She called the police and an ambulance, but sadly, it was too late. Taniyah had already passed away. The community has been left devastated by Taniyah's death, and authorities are working tirelessly to find out who was responsible for the shooting. Police have said that at this stage, they do not know who the intruders were targeting but have promised to leave no stone unturned in their investigation. Meanwhile, Taniyah's schoolmates and teachers have been paying tribute to her memory. Taniyah was a fourth-grader at Washington Park School, and she was known for her cheerleading skills and infectious personality. Her teachers say that she was always happy and smiling and could light up a room with her energy. The school has said that it will provide counseling and support to students who knew Taniyah in the coming days and weeks. The district superintendent has released a statement saying that the school is deeply saddened by the news and that Taniyah will be greatly missed. Meanwhile, Taniyah's family and friends are struggling to come to terms with their loss. Relatives say that Taniyah was a bright and loving child who had her whole life ahead of her. They are urging anyone with information about the shooting to come forward and help the police with their investigation. The shooting has shocked the local community and has once again highlighted the issue of gun violence in the country. Taniyah's death is a reminder that no one is safe from the dangers of gun violence, and that urgent action must be taken to address this epidemic. As the investigation continues, Taniyah's family and friends are left to mourn their loss and try to find some comfort in the memories of happier times. The community is also rallying around them, offering support and love during this difficult time.