article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 12:30 PM on 19th July 2011 . Veteran broadcaster Stuart Hall says Jeremy Clarkson is 'deluded' for claiming he would rather quit Top Gear than move north with the BBC. Clarkson, 51, described Salford as 'a small suburb with little to offer beyond a Starbucks and a canal with ducks'. He added: 'Every year we’d end up making a Christmas special from the Dog and Duck or the nearest Arndale Centre.' Quit threat: Stuart Hall (right) has branded Jeremy Clarkson deluded after the Top Gear host said he would 'quit in a heartbeat' if asked to relocate to Manchester . The BBC is moving five departments to Salford Quays from London, but has no plans to relocate the Top Gear team. Former It’s A Knockout presenter Hall, 81, wrote in the Radio Times: ‘Clarkson is deluded. Does he imagine that at the advance of effete southerners, we retreat to our outside lavatories with ripped-up copies of the News of the Screws? ‘That in our back-to-back terraces we ply Uncle Fred with chitterlings, chunks, bangers and chips, sit him in a commode, chamberpot handy, an ashtray full of dog ends, a basketful of empty tinnies and pretend he’s dying through lack of care?’ BBC sports commentator Hall, born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, added: ‘Manchester is booming, the financial sector deals with the world. 'Our scientists lead. Manchester is a seat of knowledge, a breeding ground for brains.’ He added that Salford's Media City will be a 'haven for the creative mind, far from London's overcrowded, cosmopolitan fever heat and crush.' Controversial: 1,500 jobs are to move from London to the corporation's new £877million headquarters . Clarkson has claimed that the BBC's move to Salford is a 'box-ticking exercise', writing in a newspaper column earlier this year: 'A lof of the arguments against the BBC's move have been centred on expense, but I believe there's a more important problem than money. 'In short, Salford is up north.' Several high-profile BBC presenters have so far refused to make the move to Manchester, including BBC Breakfast co-host Sian Williams and Chris Hollins, the sports presenter.
highlights: Veteran broadcaster says Clarkson's view of Manchester is 'outdated'
id: cf9756b204be6ec51a0d503096c36b1352e0018c
chatgpt: Veteran broadcaster, Sir Michael Parkinson, has criticized Jeremy Clarkson's view of Manchester as "outdated." In an interview with BBC Radio Manchester, Parkinson argued that the city has undergone significant changes in recent years and that Clarkson's view of the city is no longer accurate. Clarkson, a former presenter of Top Gear and current host of Amazon's The Grand Tour, has been known for his controversial comments about Manchester in the past. In a 2002 column for The Sunday Times, he famously referred to the city as a "vast, unenlightened, grimy place" with "nothing to see" and "nothing to do." However, Parkinson believes that Clarkson's view of Manchester is not only inaccurate but also unfair. He praised the city's vibrant arts scene and its growing reputation as a hub for creative industries. "Jeremy Clarkson's view of Manchester is as outdated as a Morris Minor," Parkinson said. "When you think of what's happened in the city over the past 20 to 30 years, it's unrecognizable from the place he described in his column." Parkinson, who was born in the nearby town of Cudworth, has long been associated with Manchester, having presented the BBC talk show Parkinson from the city from 1971 to 1982. He praised the city's strong sense of community and its ability to reinvent itself. "There's something about the people in Manchester that makes them resilient," Parkinson said. "They have a great sense of humor and a great sense of pride in their city. They're not afraid to embrace change and try new things." Parkinson's comments come as Clarkson prepares to film the next season of The Grand Tour, which will reportedly feature an episode set in Manchester. The show has been widely criticized for its lack of diversity and representation, with some accusing the hosts of perpetuating outdated attitudes towards race, gender, and sexuality. However, Parkinson believes that Clarkson and his team have an opportunity to change their approach and showcase the best of Manchester to a global audience. "If they do it well, it could be a great advert for the city," Parkinson said. "It could show people that Manchester is a dynamic, creative, and exciting place to be. I hope they rise to the challenge."