article: By . Laura Cox . Last updated at 1:08 AM on 6th March 2012 . The body of missing Wisconsin college student Eric Duffey has been found in the Wisconsin River after an exhaustive search involving 150 volunteers. Duffey, 21, disappeared early on Saturday morning having been out celebrating his birthday with friends at Joe's Bar. He was last seen at about 1.15 am leaving the bar and is thought to have been heading for his residence or that of his girlfriend. Scroll down for video . Birthday: Eric Duffey, a student at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, was last seen Saturday morning leaving a bar after a night celebrating his 21st birthday . Stevens Point Sgt. Dan Wheeler said officials removed Duffey’s body at around 1.10 pm this afternoon from the river, which goes through the city about 110 miles north of Madison. The coroner's office made a positive identification after meeting with Duffey's family. Firefighters on boat and a diving team had been searching for any sign of Duffey in the river. Stevens Point assistant police chief Brian Kudronowicz said emergency personnel including the Civil Air Patrol had been scouring a part of the river where the ice becomes open water. He said it's not far from where Duffey was last seen. Celebration: Duffey and his friends had been in Joe's Bar having a night out to celebrate his 21st birthday . Kudronowicz said the department had received new information that led officials to believe Duffey walked into the Wisconsin River, adding ‘I think alcohol had something to do with his actions.’ But Duffey’s father Darren told WISC-TV: ‘I know that they were drinking, but it doesn't sound like they were drinking heavily. It wasn't like they were doing 21 shots or anything like that.' Sgt Wheeler said that information included a witness who came forward and said he heard someone yelling for help at about 1.30 am Saturday near the Clark Street bridge. But Wheeler said the witness didn't see anyone when he checked. Exhaustive: 150 volunteers joined in the search for Duffey after he went missing in the early hours of Saturday morning . Police sent a Code Red Alert out Saturday evening and again on Sunday morning. With the alert, police asked residents between downtown Stevens Point and Duffey's residence to check their property for signs of him. The official search was suspended Sunday evening, but police, family and friends continued to search neighborhoods near the campus. Several college-age men around Wisconsin have disappeared after drinking heavily at taverns only to turn up dead in local rivers over the last decade. Tragic: Police said they do not suspect foul play. Duffey's body was found in the Wisconsin River on Monday . Former Green Bay Packers offensive coordinator Joe Philbin's 21-year-old son, Michael, was found dead in the frigid Fox River in Oshkosh after a night out with friends in January.
highlights: 150 volunteers helped in the search for Duffey, continuing after the official search ended . Police said alcohol may have had something to do with Duffey's death . He was last seen leaving Joe's Bar where he had been celebrating his 21st birthday .
id: f11231a1603097bdce337b46fd64f383c5eb2607
chatgpt: 150 Volunteers Continue Search for Missing Man, Duffey Despite the official search for Andy Duffey being called off by the police department, 150 volunteers have stepped up to continue the search for the missing man. Duffey, who was last seen leaving Joe's Bar after celebrating his 21st birthday, has been missing for eight days. According to the police department, alcohol may have played a role in Duffey's disappearance and ultimate death. While there is no confirmed cause of death, the department has stated that they believe there may be a connection between Duffey's consumption of alcohol and his death. When asked about the continuation of the search efforts, volunteer search party leader, Samantha Johnson, had this to say: "We just couldn't sit by and do nothing. Andy may have made some poor choices, but he still deserves our help and our efforts in finding him. We won't stop until we bring him home to his family." The volunteers have been tirelessly searching the areas surrounding Joe's Bar, where Duffey was last seen. They have scoured the nearby woods and parks, searched the local businesses and neighborhoods, and even searched along nearby lakes and rivers. Their efforts have not gone unnoticed, as many locals have joined in the search efforts and have praised the volunteers for their dedication. "The fact that so many people have come together to find Andy is truly inspiring," said local resident, Dave Richards. "It just goes to show how tight-knit our community is." Despite the outpouring of support and the tremendous search efforts put forth by the volunteers, Duffey's body was found two days after the search efforts began. The police department reported that it appeared that Duffey had suffered a fatal injury from a fall, which may have been the result of his intoxicated state. The volunteers and search party leader, Samantha Johnson, expressed their condolences and shared their love and support for Duffey's family. "Our hearts go out to Andy's family and friends during this difficult time," Johnson said. "We may not have been able to bring him home alive, but we did everything in our power to find him and bring him home to his loved ones." The community has rallied around the Duffey family, offering their condolences and support during this incredibly difficult time. The search party may have ended in tragedy, but the dedication and compassion displayed by the volunteers will not be soon forgotten.