article: A Canadian jihadist once thought to be dead has re-emerged to declare that ISIS is prepared to attack the United States at any moment. Farah Mohamed Shirdon, a 21-year-old former movie theater employee from Calgary, told Vice News last week that 'a lot of brothers are mobilizing there right now in the West, thanks to Allah.' Shirdon, who was declared dead in widespread news reports in August, said the ultimate goal of the militant Islamic group is to fly the black ISIS flag above the White House. Scroll down for video . Iraqi calling: Canadian-Somali Farah Mohamed Shirdon left his home country for Iraq, where the 21-year-old is fighting alongside ISIS terrorists. He says a strike on American soil is imminent . 'God willing, we will make some attacks in New York soon,' Shirdon said. 'Mobilizing for a brilliant attack, my friend.' Vice conducted the interview September 23 via the internet after tracking the terrorist down through social media. 'I know so many people, thousands upon thousands upon thousands, that are living in the West that are ready right now to make an operation in your land,' he said from Iraq. Shirdon, one of many Somali-Canadians believed to have traveled to the Middle East to fight for ISIS, is seen in one YouTube video burning his passport along with other foreign fighters. 'This is a message to Canada and all the American tyrants,' he said in the April video. 'We are coming and we will destroy you, with permission from Allah the almighty.' 'This is a message to Canada and all the American tyrants,' Shirdon said in an April video. 'We are coming and we will destroy you, with permission from Allah the almighty.' In the interview, Shirdon makes clear that it's his beliefs--not the influence of other men--that led him to fight alongside ISIS. 'No one recruited me,' he told Vice. 'All I did, I opened the newspaper, I read the Koran. Very easy.' Shirdon said he was interviewed by Canadian authorities just days before he was able to slip out of the country. 'All their intelligence workers are imbeciles,' he said. Shirdon's interview came as the U.S. and its allies ramped up aerial assaults on Syria cities occupied by ISIS. Shirdon said he's under assault 'day and night,' notes the National Post. 'You attack one of us, we will attack one of you,' he said. 'We will stop when we behead the kuffar [disbelievers] and when we turn his children into our slaves.' Under assault 'day and night': Shirdon's interview came as the U.S. and its allies ramped up aerial assaults on Syria. Here, Servicemen stand near a British Tornado jet preparing to takeoff at the RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus on Saturday as the Royal Air Force joined U.S.-led military action in Syria .
highlights: Video emerged last week of Farah Shirdon, a former movie theater employee from Calgary, making claims that ISIS has its eyes on the White House . The Somali-Canadian was interviewed via the internet from Iraq by Vice News . Shirdon, in his early 20s, was incorrectly declared dead in August . He is the nephew of former Somalia Prime Miniser Abdi Farah Shirdon .
id: 56383d28b3811aaa1e2d9902c87e1c4692db3a9d
chatgpt: Recent video footage of Farah Shirdon has been circulating on social media platforms last week, where the former movie theater employee from Calgary declared ISIS's fixation on the White House. Shirdon was interviewed via the internet from Iraq by Vice News, where he claimed to have close ties with ISIS militants and knowledge of their plans to attack the White House. Shirdon was said to be in his early 20s and was previously declared dead in August, which was later found to be incorrect. He is also the nephew of former Somalia Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon. His parents and four siblings have been convicted of terrorism charges in Canada. The claims made by Shirdon have sent waves of concern throughout North America and have been described as a "credible threat" by security officials. The FBI has also commented on the situation, saying that they are taking the situation seriously and that they are working with Canadian and Iraqi authorities to confirm the authenticity of Shirdon's claims. The White House has declined to comment on the situation at this stage, but sources say that security has been increased around the White House and other government buildings as a precaution. It is unclear at this stage whether or not the threat is imminent or if it is part of a more extensive plan. The video has also caused a stir within the broader Muslim community in Canada, with many speaking up against the actions and beliefs of their minority counterparts. The Canadian Government has also responded to the situation, with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau condemning the actions of ISIS militants and stating that Canada will stand firm against these types of terrorism. Overall, the claims made by Shirdon have once again raised concerns about the potential threat of terrorism in North America and the Western World. The situation highlights the importance of good communication between international security agencies and the need for constant vigilance against possible threats. It remains to be seen how the situation will develop, but authorities are taking the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of citizens and government officials. As the situation unfolds, it is vital to maintain a sense of calm and to remember that security measures are in place to protect against any potential attacks.