article: Thirteen suspected illegal immigrants from Ethiopia were spotted running from the back of a lorry on a busy motorway today. Rush-hour traffic had to be slowed between junctions 12 and 13 of the M25 in Surrey as police dealt with the incident this morning, although officers arrived after the lorry had driven from the scene. However the 13 men and women were found walking along the motorway and were arrested on suspicion of immigration offences. They are now being held in custody by Surrey Police. Busy motorway: Rush-hour traffic had to be slowed between J12 and J13 of the M25 in Surrey (file picture) Those detained are believed to be from . Ethiopia, although their ages are not yet known. It was the latest . incident involving suspected illegal immigrants being found in the backs . of lorries on UK soil. The arrests came three days after a man was detained for alleged ‘facilitation offences’ after 24 Eritrean nationals were discovered in the rear of an HGV in Whitfield, near Dover, Kent. Paramedics from South East Coast Ambulance Service checked them over at the scene but none needed hospital treatment. Across . the English Channel, there has been heightened tension over the number . of migrants using Calais as a staging post to try to reach the UK. Map: This incident happened at 8.50am today between junctions 12 and 13 on this stretch of the M25 . Hundreds of migrants, mainly from Africa, are camping or living in squats there, which has led to clashes on the streets in northern France. 'Police received a number of calls around 8.50am from members of the public reporting that they had seen a large group of people getting out of the back of a lorry' Surrey Police spokesman . A Surrey Police spokesman said today: ‘Thirteen people are in custody on suspicion of immigration offences following an incident on the M25 this morning. 'Surrey Police received a number of calls around 8.50am from members of the public reporting that they had seen a large group of people getting out of the back of a lorry, which had stopped on the hard shoulder between junctions 11 (Chertsey) and 12 (the M3). ‘The lorry drove off prior to officers attending the scene. However, the 13 people, including men and women, were located walking along the M25 and were arrested on suspicion of immigration offences. They are currently in custody and the UK Border Agency has been informed.’
highlights: Rush-hour traffic had to be slowed between J12 and J13 of M25 in Surrey . Lorry had driven from scene by time police officers arrived this morning . But 13 men and women were found walking along motorway and arrested . Those detained are believed to be from Ethiopia, but ages are not known . Latest incident involving suspected illegals found in backs of lorries in UK .
id: f487c902ca3f618c1a46d77091ba3ca1d1edf484
chatgpt: Rush-hour traffic on the M25 in Surrey was brought to a crawl between Junctions 12 and 13 this morning as police responded to an incident involving a lorry carrying suspected illegal immigrants. The lorry had driven away from the scene before police arrived, but officers discovered 13 men and women walking along the motorway and arrested them. The individuals are believed to be from Ethiopia, though their ages have not been disclosed. This latest incident raises concerns about the continued targeting of lorries transporting people illegally into the UK. While authorities have implemented measures to crack down on such activities, the problem persists. Earlier this month, police discovered 39 bodies inside a refrigerated lorry in Essex. The individuals, mostly Vietnamese nationals, are believed to have suffocated to death while being smuggled into the country. In September, 15 people were found in the back of a lorry in Wiltshire. They were all taken to hospital for treatment, and police later arrested four individuals on suspicion of people smuggling. The latest incident in Surrey serves as a reminder of the ongoing challenges facing authorities when it comes to detecting and preventing illegal immigration. The discovery of individuals walking along the motorway could indicate that more needs to be done to secure our borders and stop the criminals who seek to profit from human trafficking. The Home Office has promised to continue working closely with law enforcement agencies and other relevant parties to tackle the issue of illegal immigration. However, with the situation continuing to escalate, it remains to be seen whether these efforts will be sufficient to stem the tide. Meanwhile, the individuals discovered on the M25 this morning will be processed by immigration officials to determine their status, and to decide if any charges should be brought against them or the individuals responsible for transporting them into the country. In conclusion, the latest incident on the M25 serves as a stark reminder of the ongoing challenges faced by authorities with regards to illegal immigration. While progress has been made, there is still much work to be done to ensure that our borders are secure and that those who seek to profit from human trafficking are brought to justice.