article: By . Shari Miller . A man employed as a private security guard opened fire in a Russian Orthodox cathedral on the island of Sakhalin, killing a nun and a churchgoer and wounding six others. The shooting occurred on Sunday at a time when Russian security forces are on high alert due to safety concerns about possible attacks on the Winter Olympics in Sochi, thousands of miles to the west. Officials said there was no apparent link to the Games. Shooting: A policeman watches as a churchgoer leaves the Russian Orthodox cathedral in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, where a gunman opened fire on Sunday . The gunman was detained at the Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, after the shooting, the federal Investigative Committee said. It added that the suspect had worked as a security guard in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, which is some 4,130 miles from Moscow. There was no immediate word on a motive in the attack, which comes just six days after a Moscow teenager killed a teacher and a policeman and held classmates hostage in the first major school shooting in Russia. Most of the wounded in Sunday’s mid-afternoon attack were shot in the legs and their lives were not in danger, according to state news agency RIA Novosti, citing the regional leader of the Russian Orthodox Church, Archbishop Tikhon. He said a prayer service for the victims would be held later on Sunday at the cathedral, which is the main Russian Orthodox church in a region that includes Sakhalin and the Kurile island chain. The island is situated in the Sea of Okhotsk, north of Japan. The part of the church where the shooting took place would have to be cleaned of victims’ blood and blessed, he added. Remembrance: Archbishop Tikhon performs a service in memory of the shooting victims . The Investigative Committee said psychiatrists would attempt to determine the suspect's mental condition. There have been a handful of shooting sprees in offices and public places in Russia in recent years, but they are relatively rare and state-run media tend to treat such attacks as a largely American phenomenon. The Feb 3 shooting at a Moscow school, in which a student used his father’s rifles, has led to calls for stiffer punishment for gun owners whose weapons are used in attacks. Investigation: Officials are trying to determine why a security guard opened fire at The Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk .
highlights: Shootings happened at main cathedral on the island of Sakhalin . Nun and churchgoer killed, while six others were wounded . Suspect believed to be employed as private security guard . Killings happened at a time when Russian security forces on high alert for the Winter Olympics in Sochi . But officials say there is no apparent link to the Games .
id: 2b84cac0244a2c10fd0a06c464494fc081f7e979
chatgpt: Two people were killed and six others were wounded in a shooting incident that occurred at the main cathedral on the island of Sakhalin. The incident took place at a time when Russian security forces are on high alert for the Winter Olympics in Sochi, although officials have said there is no apparent link to the Games. The victims of the shootings were a nun and a churchgoer, both of whom were killed in the attack. The suspect is believed to be a private security guard who was employed at the cathedral. The incident took place in the early hours of the morning, and the area around the cathedral was immediately cordoned off by security forces. The suspect was apprehended at the scene of the crime and is currently in custody. The authorities have not revealed any details about the motive behind the attack, and it is not yet clear whether the suspect acted alone or had any accomplices. The shootings have shocked the local community, and there has been an outpouring of grief and sympathy for the victims and their families. The cathedral has been closed as the investigation continues, and the authorities have appealed for calm and cooperation as they work to bring those responsible to justice. The incident has also raised concerns about security in Russia, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in Sochi. With the Games just weeks away, authorities have been on high alert for any potential threats to the safety of athletes and spectators. However, officials have moved quickly to reassure the public that there is no connection between the shootings in Sakhalin and the Winter Olympics. They have emphasized that security measures in Sochi are robust and that they are working closely with international partners to ensure the safety of all those attending the Games. The shootings on the island of Sakhalin are a tragic reminder of the need for continued vigilance and security measures in Russia. As the country prepares to welcome the world to the Winter Olympics, the authorities will be under intense pressure to ensure that all measures are taken to prevent any further incidents of this nature.