article: NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- She burst on the music scene as one-third of Destiny's Child, the highest-selling female group of all time. Kelly Rowland took an AIDS test in a tiny counseling room in a Kenyan hospital. And then she proved it doesn't take three to make hits. Sassy Kelly Rowland showed the world she could go it alone and still hit No. 1 on the charts. But now this Grammy-winning R&B sensation is using her considerable charm and charisma to take on the scourge of AIDS. She is the first ambassador for MTV's Staying Alive Foundation, which works to empower young people to protect them against AIDS. In silver high heels and a sundress, Rowland arrived Thursday at the Kenyatta Hospital in downtown Nairobi, Kenya, to take a public stand against stigma and undergo an HIV test. "For me, knowing your status is glamorous because then you get to carry that with you and you get to protect yourself," she said. Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi took the test together in a tiny counseling room at the testing center at this public hospital. He also wanted to know his status, but he couldn't suppress a large grin at times sitting next to such star power.  Watch CNN's David McKenzie report on Rowland's trip » . "As a young person from Mathare slum and having a super star to actually have a test with," said Ngugi, "It is just a big promise for me and a big promise for my community and I am just grateful for the test." Like much of Africa, Kenya struggles with the AIDS pandemic. UNAIDS, the joint  United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, estimates that more than 22 million adults and children are living  with HIV on the continent. And it strikes the youth hardest. "You could take a situation like having HIV and think of it as having a disability and think of it as something that is going to bring you down," said Rowland, "but I have met kids and young people that are just so inspiring. They inspire me." In Kenya, as in many parts of Africa, people are often afraid to take an HIV test for fear of being stigmatized. In Kenya, antiretroviral drugs are free for HIV-positive people, but many people would rather not know whether they are HIV positive for fear of facing discrimination in the workplace and in the community. And so Kelly Rowland has added her voice to the campaign to help end the suffering of so many victims. "It's killing us as people and I think above anything these numbers aren't changing," she said. "The more that I get involved, you get everybody out there ... involved, then hopefully we can see a change -- a big change."
highlights: Singer Kelly Rowland takes an HIV test in Kenya to raise awareness of the virus . Rowland is first ambassador for MTV's Staying Alive Foundation . The foundation works to empower young people to protect themselves from HIV . Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi take the test together .
id: fd08de1e040e11a5223e3a88fe325c0c83b243f4
chatgpt: Singer Kelly Rowland recently traveled to Kenya to raise awareness about HIV and take an HIV test with a local community member. The former Destiny's Child member is the first ambassador for MTV's Staying Alive Foundation, which works to empower young people to protect themselves from HIV. Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi took the test together in Kisumu, a port city on Lake Victoria. Before the test, the two discussed the importance of getting tested for HIV and reducing the stigma around the virus. "I think it's important to show young people that getting tested for HIV is a normal, routine thing that everyone should do," Rowland said in a statement. "We need to break down the stigma and fear around HIV and empower people to make informed choices about their sexual health." According to the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), an estimated 1.5 million people were living with HIV in Kenya in 2020. Young people between the ages of 15 and 24 account for around 30% of new HIV infections in Kenya each year. Through her work with the Staying Alive Foundation, Rowland hopes to raise awareness about HIV and promote safe sex practices among young people around the world. The foundation supports organizations implementing HIV prevention and sexual health education programs in their communities. "I'm honored to be a part of an organization that is making a real impact in the fight against HIV," Rowland said. "By working together, we can empower young people to protect themselves and their communities from HIV." Ngugi, who took the test with Rowland, said he was inspired by her willingness to take the test and discuss HIV openly. "It was an incredible experience to take the test with Kelly and see how committed she is to making a difference in the fight against HIV," Ngugi said. "Her openness and honesty are so important in breaking down the stigma around HIV and encouraging people to get tested." Rowland's trip to Kenya comes as the world marks the 40th anniversary of the first reported cases of AIDS. While significant progress has been made in the fight against HIV/AIDS over the past four decades, there is still much work to be done. According to UNAIDS, global efforts to combat HIV/AIDS have stalled in recent years, with new HIV infections remaining stubbornly high. There were approximately 38 million people living with HIV/AIDS globally in 2020, and 1.5 million people died from AIDS-related illnesses. Rowland's work with the Staying Alive Foundation is part of a broader effort to reduce the number of new HIV infections and improve access to treatment and care for people living with HIV/AIDS. By raising awareness and promoting safe sex practices, Rowland and organizations like the Staying Alive Foundation hope to create a world where HIV is no longer a threat.