article: A Georgia police officer stopped at a fire station to get help delivering his wife's baby when the couple realized they weren't going to reach hospital in time. Jeremy Massengill, of Dunwoody, said that his wife, Jennifer, would 'yell at little louder' at each red light - and that's when he decided they needed to stop, as the drama unfolded on Sunday. He then pulled into the Cobb County firehouse to seek assistance from paramedics. Scroll down for video . Jeremy Massengill, of Dunwoody, Georgia, realized that his wife Jennifer (right) was going to give birth before they could reach the hospital, so he pulled into the Cobb County firehouse to seek help from paramedics . Mr Massengill and the paramedics reached the car just in time to help his wife (pictured) deliver the baby, who the couple named Kayleigh Grace . The police said the department is trained to handle these situations, but 'Officer Massengill can attest that it is a different story when it is your own family' Mr Massengill, who was in his uniform, was 'frantically pounding on the door' of the firehouse when paramedics came to the rescue, the Dunwoody Police Department said in a Facebook post. He and the paramedics reached the car just in time to help Jennifer deliver the baby, according to  WSB-TV. Though Mrs Massengill wanted to get out of the car, there was no time and the baby was delivered in the car sitting in the firestation's parking lot. The couple named their baby daughter Kayleigh Grace. Though Mrs Massengill wanted to get out of the car, there was no time and the baby was delivered in the car sitting in the fire station's parking lot. The couple named their daughter Kayleigh Grace . She was 17.5in long and weighed 5lb 11oz, according to the East Cobb Patch. Mrs Massengill  told WSB-TV that 'everything was perfect', though the couple hopes for a calmer delivery if there's a next time. The police said that department is trained to handle these situations, but 'Officer Massengill can attest that it is a different story when it is your own family'. The mother and daughter are 'happy and healthy', the police department added.
highlights: Jeremy Massengill, of Dunwoody, Georgia, was rushing wife, Jennifer to hospital . He realized he couldn't make it and pulled into the Cobb County firehouse and sought help . After 'frantically pounding on the door', paramedics came to the rescue . They helped Jennifer deliver a baby girl, who was named Kayleigh Grace .
id: e8cfa9a1273f76244c3500c66863c6b50730aa4a
chatgpt: A dramatic rescue took place at a firehouse in Cobb County, Georgia, when a desperate couple sought help delivering their baby. Jeremy Massengill was rushing his wife, Jennifer, to the hospital when he realized they wouldn't make it in time. That's when he turned to the firehouse for assistance, frantically pounding on the door for help. Thankfully, the paramedics at the firehouse were ready to spring into action. When Jeremy and Jennifer arrived, they quickly realized that the couple was in the midst of a medical emergency. Without hesitation, they helped Jennifer deliver a healthy baby girl, who was named Kayleigh Grace. For the Massengills, the rapid delivery was an unexpected surprise, but they were grateful for the incredible care and quick thinking of the paramedics who helped make it possible. "I was definitely afraid. It's not something you prepare for," Jennifer said after the birth. "But the paramedics, they definitely took care of everything." Jeremy echoed his wife's sentiments, expressing his gratitude to the paramedics for their heroic actions. "The guys at the firehouse were so nice and supportive," he said. "We really appreciate everything they did for us." Emergency responders like those at the Cobb County firehouse play an essential role in keeping communities safe and healthy. Their quick thinking and expert care make a difference every day, and they deserve our gratitude and respect. For the Massengills, the birth of their daughter Kayleigh Grace will always be a memorable event. Though they weren't expecting to deliver the baby at the firehouse, they are grateful for the unforgettable experience and the new addition to their family. As for the paramedics who helped deliver her, they will always be remembered for the role they played in bringing little Kayleigh Grace into the world.