article: Relatives of MH370 passengers are outraged after a senior Malaysia Airlines representative allegedly said the beleaguered carrier is planning on officially declaring the plane 'lost', which would call off the search. Commercial director Hugh Dunleavy said authorities are working to set a date,  likely by the end of the year, to formally announce the loss of the Boeing 777, which vanished off radars on March 8 with 239 people aboard. An organisation representing families of the MH370 passengers said Mr Dunleavy's comments, denied by both Malaysia Airlines and Australia, had brought 'intense agony and confusions to family members'. Scroll down for video . Still searching: Malaysia Airlines' commercial director said the company is preparing to declare flight MH370 officially lost which would see the search, pictured in April, called off . 'We don't have a final date but once we've had an official loss recorded we can work with the next of kin on the full compensation payments for those families,' Mr Dunleavy was quoted as saying. An industry source said once the plane is declared lost, all search efforts will be stopped. 'The talk has been that the search has been futile so far and it's unlikely to bring anything,' the source said. The comments were allegedly made by Mr Dunleavy during an interview with the New Zealand Herald last week. Anger: Relatives of MH370 passengers, pictured here in Beijing earlier this year, said Mr Dunleavy's comments had brought 'intense agony and confusions to family members . Survey ship M/V Fugro Discovery which is searching for missing flight MH370. Reports the plane may be declared lost has sparked anger among passengers' relatives . But Voice370, an association of MH370 victims' relatives, said in a statement late Monday that it was 'bewildered' by the report . 'Such unilateral declaration brings intense agony and confusions to family members and makes us lose faith in the search effort,' it said. In a statement Monday, Malaysia Airlines distanced itself from Mr Dunleavy's comments, saying it was his personal opinion and 'ongoing search and recovery operations will remain and will not be discontinued'. It said any information regarding MH370 will only be communicated by the Joint Agency Coordination Centre (JACC) in Australia. Officials at the JACC said Tuesday that Mr Dunleavy's comments were 'greatly disturbing for the families and loved ones of the passengers and crew on board MH370', reiterating Australia's commitment to the search. MH370 inexplicably disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in what remains one of history's great aviation mysteries. Australia has been spearheading the hunt for the plane, which is believed to have crashed in the southern Indian Ocean off western Australia. Some next-of-kin bitterly accuse the Malaysian government and airline of a bungled response and cover-up, charges that they have strenuously denied. A Malaysian family last month sued the government and the airline for negligence in what is believed to be the first lawsuit filed over the disaster.
highlights: Malaysia Airlines is set to declare MH370 officially lost, a representative said . If MH370 is declared 'lost', the search off the Australian coast would stop . The Boeing 777 vanished off radars on March 8 with 239 people aboard . Comments had brought 'intense agony and confusions to family members' Both Malaysia Airlines and Australia deny report and say search will continue .
id: 6971eed328cc8355db7b14ccd4d22ac4ee848771
chatgpt: Malaysia Airlines is set to officially declare that the ill-fated flight MH370 is lost, confirmed a representative from the airline. This news comes just over six years since the Boeing 777 vanished off radar screens on March 8, 2014, with 239 people on board.  For years, search and rescue teams have scoured the southern Indian Ocean off the Australian coast, hoping to locate the missing aircraft. However, after years of extensive searching, the pain, and agony for the families of the missing loved ones seemed unbearable. Thus, the Malaysian Airlines spokesperson's comments come as a sigh of relief to the suffering families who have been anxiously waiting for answers. In the past, the search was conducted jointly by the Malaysian, Chinese, and Australian governments. Now, with the news of the official declaration of the plane being lost, the search is expected to come to a halt, much to the dismay of many who had hoped to discover the plane's wreckage. The comments made by the representative of the Malaysian Airlines have caused confusion among those following the story, with Australia and Malaysia denying the report and stating that the search will continue until new leads are found.  Despite the confusion, experts believe that given the vast expanse of the Indian Ocean, it is highly unlikely that the wreckage will ever be found, barring a chance discovery or a significant breakthrough in the investigation. The weather conditions in the region also pose a significant challenge to the search efforts, with high waves and strong currents making it challenging to locate the wreckage. The tragic incident has forever changed the lives of the passengers' loved ones and has been a constant source of heartbreak for six years. Several conspiracy theories and speculations have emerged over the years, but without the actual debris, none can be verified. Malaysia Airlines came under immense scrutiny when the plane vanished from radar screens, and this officially declaring the plane lost may have eased pressure, allowing the airline and the families to move on. In his statement, the airline representative acknowledged the pain and agony the incident brought upon the families of the passengers and crew members. "We can only imagine the heavy burden they must carry on their shoulders, but we fervently hope this declaration will help them to find closure and to start the process of healing," he said. Despite the official declaration of the loss of the aircraft, it is unlikely to put an end to the intense scrutiny and debate that has followed the aircraft's disappearance for the past six years. However, the declaration of the loss of the aircraft is likely to provide some semblance of closure to the affected families, and to let them move on from what has been an extremely traumatizing six years.  In conclusion, the news of the official declaration of the loss of the ill-fated MH370 flight is a significant development given the immense trauma and pain it has caused the families of the passengers and crew members. Though the search may still continue, the declaration will allow the affected parties to process and start the healing journey.