article: (CNN) -- A police officer jailed on a first-degree murder charge in a two-state shooting rampage was on his computer at the time of shootings and could not have committed them, prosecutors said Tuesday evening. Brian E. Dorian, 37, was to be released on his own recognizance Tuesday night, and charges against him will be formally dismissed Wednesday, Will County State's Attorney James W. Glasgow announced. "I feel horrible that Brian Dorian went through this," said Glasgow, adding that evidence at the time and identification in lineups merited the charges. "At no time did we stop looking for exculpatory evidence." A forensic analysis of Dorian's home computer and its activity put Dorian at home at the time of the shootings, authorities said. The officer also told them he was watching sports programs and using e-mail. John Dorian, the officer's father, told CNN affiliate WLS he was "relieved" and "never doubted his son." Police now are looking at other leads in the shootings. Earlier in the day, Dorian appeared in court via a hookup from the Will County Jail. He did not speak but his attorney entered a not guilty plea, WLS reported. Several friends and relatives wore T-shirts bearing the message "Free Brian." "There's an innocent man sitting behind bars and somebody else is running around out there knowing that he got away with it. It's not fair," Jill Aggen, a friend of Dorian, told WLS. "No doubt in my mind. He's not capable of it." Dorian, an officer with the Lynwood Police Department, was arrested Friday in the killing of one person and the wounding of three others in the spree, which occurred south of Chicago, Illinois. He was held on a probable cause warrant, and bail was set at $2.5 million. Dorian, who according to WLS has been on medical leave for an injured shoulder the past year, was taken into custody Friday at his residence, said authorities. The shootings began about 10:30 a.m. October 5 at a construction site near Beecher, Illinois. The gunman killed one worker at the site and wounded two others, police have said. An hour later and about 10 miles away in Lowell, Indiana, authorities believe the same gunman opened fire again -- this time on a local farmer. Keith Dahl was shot in the left shoulder, arm and elbow, and then was robbed. Dahl told Lake County (Indiana) Sheriff's Detective Robert Martinez that the gunman approached him on his farm and started a conversation about bees before beginning to shoot. The gunman was believed to be using a revolver -- possibly a Colt .38-caliber or .357 Magnum -- because no shell casings were found at either scene, Lake County Sheriff Rogelio "Roy" Dominguez said.
highlights: Police officer to be freed in Illinois, Indiana shootings . Analysis of computer shows he was at home at time of crimes . Brian E. Dorian was being held on $2.5 million bail . One person was killed and three wounded in shootings south of Chicago .
id: 0706d9f61ef1381eb1f3801d6b03cf10f993dc31
chatgpt: A police officer who had been detained in connection with shootings in Illinois and Indiana is set to be released after a computer analysis showed that he was at home at the time of the crimes. Brian E. Dorian, a 37-year-old former police officer, had been held on a $2.5 million bail after being implicated in the shootings, which took place in the vicinity of Chicago. One person was killed and three others were injured in the shootings. Dorian, who had been employed as a police officer before being fired following the shootings, had maintained his innocence throughout the ordeal. He had argued that he was not present at the scene of the crime when the shootings occurred. After a thorough computer analysis, it was determined that Dorian was, in fact, at home at the time of the shootings. This information was instrumental in securing his release from custody. Dorian's lawyer, Jeffrey Tomczak, was pleased with the decision. "We're grateful to the computer analysis that showed conclusively that Brian Dorian was at home when the crimes were committed," Tomczak said. The shootings took place over a period of several days in the south of Chicago, in areas such as Crete and Beecher. The attacks had initially been blamed on a police impersonator, which led to widespread fear and concern among the residents of the area. The shootings left one man dead and three others injured, including a farmer who was shot while working in his field. The shootings had caused a great deal of anxiety in the community until Dorian's arrest. While Dorian had been detained, he had maintained his innocence and had pleaded with authorities to investigate further in order to clear his name. His family had also been vocal in their support, insisting that Dorian had nothing to do with the shootings. Dorian's release comes as a relief to both him and his family, as well as to the community at large. The true perpetrator of the shootings has yet to be identified, but authorities continue to investigate the matter. In conclusion, the release of Brian E. Dorian after computer analysis showed he was at home during the time of the shootings south of Chicago, is a positive development for all parties involved. While the true perpetrator remains at large, Dorian can now return to his life outside of custody thanks to the advanced technology used in the investigation.