article: (CNN) -- A publicist for Jennifer Lawrence slammed the appearance of nude photographs of the Oscar-winning actress online Sunday as a "flagrant violation of privacy." "The authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence," the publicist said in a written statement. Posts on 4chan, Reddit, Twitter and Tumblr claim to include nude photographs of Lawrence, who won an Academy Award last year for her role in "Silver Linings Playbook." Twitter posts on verified accounts of several other celebrities Sunday also reported hacks. "To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home, hope you feel great about yourselves," actress Mary E. Winstead wrote. "Knowing those photos were deleted long ago, I can only imagine the creepy effort that went into this. Feeling for everyone who got hacked." Some celebrities claimed the photos were doctored. An individual close to singer Ariana Grande told CNN photos claiming to show her are "completely fake." And actress Victoria Justice said pictures purporting to be her are fake. This isn't the first time celebrities have accused hackers of stealing risque photos. A judge sentenced Christopher Chaney of Florida to 10 years in federal prison in 2012 for stealing nude photos, scripts and personal information from the e-mail accounts of 50 entertainment industry figures, including movie stars Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis and singer Christina Aguilera. The first real case of a celebrity hacking attack was in 2005 when hackers logged into Paris Hilton's phone and stole photos of the reality star, Mikko Hypponen, chief research officer at computer security company F-Secure told CNN in 2011. Those hackers reportedly were able to break into Hilton's phone by correctly guessing the not-so-secret answer to her security question, which was "tinkerbell," the name of her pet Chihuahua. CNN's Rachel Wells, Dave Alsup, Alan Duke and John D. Sutter contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: An individual close to Ariana Grande says photos claiming to show her are "completely fake" Online posts purport to show nude photographs of actress Jennifer Lawrence . Her publicist says it's a "flagrant violation of privacy" and authorities have been notified . Other celebrities also report they were hacked .
id: ff6b36c0691905874fb1b5d45e2d13e1894d6a96
chatgpt: In the ongoing trend of hackers targeting celebrities' private information, nude photos of Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence have surfaced online. However, a source close to pop star Ariana Grande has stated that photos purportedly showing Grande in similar circumstances are "completely fake". Lawrence's publicist has spoken out on the matter, stating that the leaked photos are a "flagrant violation of privacy" and that authorities have been notified. The photos are alleged to have been taken from Lawrence's iCloud account, which contains personal information such as photos and messages. Lawrence is not the only celebrity to fall victim to such attacks. Other high-profile stars such as Kate Upton, Kirsten Dunst, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead have also had their private photos leaked online. The leaks have resulted in widespread outrage and calls for increased security measures to protect personal information. Many have criticized the hackers responsible for the breach, stating that their actions are a violation of the celebrities' privacy. This is not the first time that such incidents have occurred. In 2014, a group of hackers targeted dozens of celebrities and leaked their personal photos online. The incident was dubbed the "Fappening", and resulted in several of the hackers being arrested and charged. Despite efforts to increase security measures, hackers have continued to target celebrities in similar attacks. It remains unclear what measures can be taken to fully prevent such incidents, but it is clear that the privacy of individuals - even those in the public eye - must be protected. Fans of Ariana Grande will likely be relieved to hear that the photos allegedly depicting her are not genuine. However, the incident serves as a reminder of the importance of maintaining online security and taking measures to protect personal information from potential breaches. Authorities are working to investigate the situation and bring the perpetrators to justice, but the damage has already been done.