article: A tattoo-addict has smashed the world record for the most piercings in one sitting - enduring more than 4,500 during a gruelling eight-hour session. Matthew Menczyk, 30, had 4550 surgical needles pierce the skin of his arms and back - breaking the previous record by an impressive 650. Looking as if a layer of armour has been woven into his skin, Mr Menczyk fought through hours of agony and bleeding to claim the title of 'Most Surgical Needle Piercings in One Session'. Scroll down for video . Ouch! Tattoo-addict Matthew Menczyk had 4550 surgical needles pierce skin on his arms and up his back - breaking the previous record by an impressive 650 . Body modification specialist Russ Foxx carried out the record-breaking session in Vancouver, Canada. Speaking to Metro News, Mr Foxx, 32, from Vancouver, said: 'We decided to not just beat (the record)....but to destroy it.' He added: 'It was a very long day, but we managed to achieve a current world record. 'The most painful part for Matthew was removing the needles. We were taking them out by the handful to be quick. No pain, no gain! Mr Menczyk had to stay still during the gruelling eight-hour piercing session . Beaten: The previous piercing record had been 3900, which was set by American Tyson Turk in 2011 . 'Five to ten at time and just yanking them out like that.' The previous record had been 3900, which was set by American Tyson Turk in 2011. He underwent the pain to raise money for Directions Youth Services (DYS) which helps at risk youth in Vancouver. Mr Menczyk, otherwise known as 'Can Can', said: 'I just wanted to cry because of the pain. A lot of needles: Body modification specialist Russ Foxx carried out the record smashing session in Vancouver, Canada . Piercing pain: Mr Menczyk described the agony, saying: 'I was biting things, punching things but I endured' 'I was biting things, punching things but I endured and it was all for a good cause!' The tattoo fanatic claims he is already planning on breaking another record next year. DYS provides a 24-hour drop-in centre, safehouse and the only youth exclusive detox program in British Columbia. For more information, visit www.directionsyouthservices.ca/hope. Charitable: He endured the pain to raise money for Directions Youth Services (DYS) which helps young people at risk in Vancouver .
highlights: Matthew Menczyk, 30, had body-piercing session in Vancouver, Canada . Weird feat smashed previous world record by an impressive 650 needles . Tattoo-addict underwent pain to raise money for Canadian youth charity . He said: 'I was biting things, punching things but I endured it was all for a good cause'
id: 474910294fb04cc805cb2ecedf99848bfcc5da36
chatgpt: Matthew Menczyk, a 30-year-old tattoo enthusiast from Vancouver, Canada, has achieved a new world record for undergoing the most body piercings in a single session. The weird feat smashed the previous record by a staggering 650 needles, and Menczyk endured the intense pain all for a good cause.  The body-piercing session was held last week in a tattoo parlor in Vancouver, and Menczyk had to undergo the excruciating pain of 4,350 piercings in just under six hours. The tattoo-addict was aiming to raise funds for a Canadian youth charity, and with the help of donations from friends and family, he managed to collect over $15,000 for the cause. Talking about the experience, Menczyk said, "I was biting things, punching things, but I endured it all because I knew it was for a good cause. It's a really great feeling to have achieved something like this, and to know that I helped raise funds for those in need."  The previous world record for the most body piercings in a single session was held by Australian man Brent Moffat, who had undergone 3,700 piercings in a 24-hour period in 2008. Menczyk's new record of 4,350 piercings in just under six hours has cemented his name in the Guinness World Records. The entire body-piercing session was conducted under strict medical supervision, with Menczyk's heart rate and blood pressure being monitored regularly. The process involved piercing numerous parts of his body, including the eyebrows, cheeks, ears, and even his forehead.  But despite the pain and discomfort, Menczyk remained determined and focused on his goal. He said that the thought of helping young people in need kept him motivated throughout the entire session. The money raised by Menczyk will go towards supporting a Canadian youth charity that provides mental health support and counselling services to underprivileged children and adolescents across the country. The charity thanked Menczyk for his efforts and praised his dedication towards the cause. The new world record set by Menczyk is a testament to the power of dedication and the human spirit. His feat will inspire others to push their limits and achieve their goals, no matter how unconventional they may seem.