article: (CNN) -- As the world reels from its deadliest Ebola outbreak, health experts are fast-tracking tests for various vaccines, and hope to have millions of experimental doses by next year. There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola, which continues to spread in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. The virus has killed nearly 5,000 people -- mostly in those three nations -- and infected twice that number. Scientists racing to stop the epidemic are trying various experimental drugs on patients, including ZMapp and TKM-Ebola. In addition to drug development, there's a scramble to develop vaccines, with scores of companies working on experimental doses, the World Health Organization said this week. Health care workers in affected nations will get the first opportunity to try the experimental vaccines. GlaxoSmithKline and the Public Health Agency of Canada are already conducting the first phase of clinical trials for two experimental vaccines, according to the WHO. The latter hopes to have 12 million experimental doses by the first quarter of next year. The GSK vaccine is being tried on healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom and Mali; the Canadian one is undergoing testing on healthy volunteers in the United States. "If the vaccines are determined to be safe, tens of thousands of doses could be used in West African trials beginning in January of next year," the WHO said. Other vaccines in the works include those by Protein Sciences and Inovio, and another one by Russian scientists. According to the latest WHO figures released Saturday, there have been at least 10,141 cases of Ebola -- with 4,922 reported deaths -- as of Thursday. Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea account for nearly all the cases. All but one district in Liberia and all districts in Sierra Leone have reported at least one case of Ebola since the start of the outbreak in March, the WHO said. About 450 health workers have caught the virus worldwide. Of those, 244 have died. Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person. The push for vaccines came as new cases of Ebola were confirmed in New York and Mali, the latter the first case in that nation. Complete coverage on Ebola . CNN's Jen Christensen and journalist Katarina Hoije contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: As many as 55 people quarantined in Mali after girl's death . Latest WHO figures put total death toll at 4,922 as of Thursday . There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola . Scores of international companies are working on experimental vaccines .
id: fbafbcc52a0ceba74c72d230657c2db7fb73cc6c
chatgpt: As the Ebola outbreak continues to claim lives across West Africa, another tragedy came to light in Mali on Thursday. Reports indicate that as many as 55 people have been quarantined after a young girl died from the virus in the town of Kayes. The death of the girl, who was reportedly no older than two years old, marks the first confirmed case of Ebola in Mali, a country that had thus far managed to avoid the epidemic. It is unclear how the girl contracted Ebola, but local authorities have already taken steps to contain the disease, including isolating those who may have come into contact with her. This new development comes on the heels of the latest figures from the World Health Organization (WHO), which put the total death toll from Ebola at 4,922 as of Thursday. The vast majority of those deaths have occurred in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, the three countries hit hardest by the outbreak. Despite efforts by the international community to stem the spread of the disease, there is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola. Researchers and pharmaceutical companies around the world are racing to develop new treatments, but progress thus far has been slow. Dozens of experimental vaccines are currently in development, including several being produced by major pharmaceutical companies. Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline, and Merck are among the companies working on potential Ebola vaccines. However, the drugs are still in the testing phase, and there is no guarantee that they will prove effective. As the death toll rises, governments and international organizations are grappling with how best to contain the outbreak. Several countries, including the United States and several European nations, have sent troops and medical staff to West Africa to help contain the disease. However, logistical challenges, limited resources, and widespread mistrust of outsiders have made it difficult to implement effective public health measures. Despite these challenges, health officials remain committed to finding a solution to the Ebola crisis. In the meantime, residents of West Africa continue to suffer, and the rest of the world watches with trepidation as the disease spreads beyond its borders. The situation in Mali serves as a reminder that the threat of Ebola is very real, and that the international community must do all it can to combat the disease before it is too late.