article: By . Jennifer Smith . PUBLISHED: . 06:23 EST, 26 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:24 EST, 26 November 2013 . A council that spent £26,000 pounds on concrete flower pots plans to remove them after drunk locals used them as urinals and ash trays. Portsmouth City Council is being forced to re-think its decision to put the seven planters in the pedestrianised zone in Southsea, Hampshire, in light of the anti-social behavior. But local residents who branded them a 'waste of money' that should never have been put in place are happy to see the flower pots go. The flower pots on Palmerston Road cost the council £26,000 but have been used by drunk revellers as urinals and ash trays . Linda Symes, whose anti-pedestrianisation petition attracted 1,400 signatures, said: 'The concrete planters are being used as a receptacle for cigarette ends and are being used by people to go to the toilet and be sick in. 'The council could have put trees there instead and that would have given the place a nicer feel. 'We are having to close things down and reduce services in the city, yet money can be thrown away like this all because the council didn’t think to do its homework. 'If it had, it would have realised putting planters in there would have been a terrible error.' Another resident complained that the council's latest proposals are having a negative effect on local business. Marion Wren, owner of Preloved Portsmouth clothes shop . said: 'I want the high street opened up. 'The planters could be replaced . with some parking spaces. Local business owners would be happy to see the flower pots go, with some suggesting they should be replaced with trees or parking spaces . The road used to be buzzing but it’s now a ghost town.' The removal of the plant pots comes after £9,000 was spent building bollards on a nearby road to stop lorries from using it. But, . three months later, the bungling council was forced to tear them down . when the local fire service warned their engines could not get past. Portsmouth South MP, Mike Hancock says it was more important that the council got things right, adding any plans for the flower pots to be used to improve another road in the city should be reconsidered. 'It seems we have to rethink the whole idea of what we are going to do. 'If we have done something and we genuinely appreciate that it’s a mistake, that problems are being caused, and the quality of the setting is being affected, then the best way forward would be to take the planters out. 'People thought the planters would improve Palmerston Road, but they have turned out to be a focal point for problems. 'We have to make sure the same mistake isn’t made in Osborne Road.'
highlights: Portsmouth City Council to remove flower pots from pedestrianised zone . Local residents branded expensive concrete planters 'a waste of money' Council tore down £9,000 bollards that cut fire engines' access in August .
id: 5eebafb50923efd146e04484b893ad6c45f846fe
chatgpt: Portsmouth City Council has made the decision to remove the expensive concrete planters that have been placed along the pedestrianised zone in the city. Local residents have branded the flower pots a "waste of money," and have been complaining about them ever since they were installed. The council has also taken down the bollards that had been put in place in August, which were costing £9,000 and had caused difficulties for fire engines seeking access to the area.  The council had installed the planters with the aim of decorating the pedestrianised zone, and making it a more pleasant area for residents to walk around in. However, many local residents soon started to complain about the cost of the planters, which they felt was an unnecessary expense. The planters had been placed along the pavement, and were therefore taking up valuable space that could be used for things like benches or cycle parking.  Not everyone agreed that the planters were a waste of money though. Many people felt that they added a touch of colour to the area, and made it a more attractive place to be. However, the criticisms of the planters greatly outweighed the positive opinions, and the council decided that it would be best to remove them altogether.  The bollards had been part of a scheme to restrict access to the pedestrianised areas for vehicles. While this was an excellent concept, the bollards had been placed in such a way that they were blocking the path of fire engines. When this problem was brought to the attention of the council, they had no choice but to remove the bollards in order to ensure the safety of the residents of Portsmouth. It was not an easy decision to make, given the amount of money that had been spent on the bollards, but the safety of residents came first.  The council's decision to remove both the planters and the bollards has been met with mixed reactions from the local community. Some people are pleased that the council has listened to the complaints of the residents and has taken action to improve the area. Others are disappointed that the council has spent so much money on the planters, only to remove them a short time later. There is also some concern over what the council will do with the space that has now been opened up by the removal of the planters. Will it be left empty, or will it be used for something else?  Overall, the decision taken by the Portsmouth City Council to remove the planters and the bollards has been a difficult one. The council had hoped that the planters would add value to the pedestrianised zone, but they soon discovered that the costs outweighed the benefits. While it is never easy to admit that something has not worked out as planned, the council's decision to remove the planters and the bollards shows that they are willing to listen to the opinions of the local community, and to take appropriate action to address any problems that arise. Now it remains to be seen what the council will do to ensure that the pedestrianised zone is a welcoming and vibrant place that residents can enjoy for years to come.