article: (CNN) -- Arsenal are backing a ground breaking new scheme to allow their supporters to buy affordable shares in the club and have a greater say over how it is run. The English Premier League club are supporting the "Arsenal Fanshare" initiative, which offers the opportunity to purchase shares at a fraction of the normal market rate. Buying one "fanshare" will allow a member to quiz Arsenal's directors on key decisions and cast their vote on the direction of the club, similar to how Spanish champions Barcelona are set up. Arsenal Supporters' Trust (AST) has set up the scheme to boost fan representation, and it has now been backed by all four of the north London outfit's major shareholders. Currently, one share in Arsenal costs over $15,000 but "fanshare" members can buy them for a hundredth of the price, beginning at a down payment of just $150. Those who sign up can even pay in monthly installments, starting at just $15, and their "fanshare" will grant them the rights of a shareholder, including entry to a ballot for a chance to attend the club's annual general meeting. "The support Arsenal Fanshare has from all of the club's major shareholders should allow all talk of a takeover to be put to one side," said Arsenal Fanshare board member and AST spokesman Tim Payton. "Arsenal Fanshare has been established to increase supporter ownership and representation. "We urge all Arsenal fans to take this opportunity and get involved - by working together we can make Arsenal even stronger." At present, 88 per cent of the club is spread between four majority shareholders: American sports tycoon Stan Kroenke, Russian businessman Alisher Usmanov, Danny Fiszman and Lady Bracewell-Smith. Kroenke has repeatedly upped his stake in Arsenal and now stands just ten shares short of 30 per cent - the figure that under UK takeover law would mean he is compelled to make an offer for the remaining shares. AST fights to prevent the club being bought by one wealthy individual and wants supporters to snap up "fanshares" that can then be bound together.
highlights: Arsenal are backing a new 'fanshare' scheme to get fans more involved in the club . Supporters can buy shares of the club for a fraction of the market rate . A minimum sum of $150 is required to become a member .
id: 238168ca61f5fb6d2a6eccc6bae6b43e8c3d77c3
chatgpt: In a bid to get fans more involved in the club, Arsenal FC has launched a new 'fanshare' scheme. The program allows fans to buy shares of the club at a fraction of the market rate, giving them a chance to own a part of their beloved team. The new scheme was unveiled by the club's CEO, Vinai Venkatesham, who said that the initiative is an important step towards increasing fan involvement and building a stronger connection between the club and its supporters. Under the fanshare scheme, fans can become members by buying a minimum of $150 worth of shares in the club. The shares will be sold at a discount rate, making it more accessible for fans to become shareholders. The club has also announced that members will be given exclusive access to certain events and discounts on merchandise. The program follows on from other similar initiatives launched by other football clubs across Europe, including Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. Fans are delighted with the scheme, seeing it as a positive step towards giving supporters a greater voice in the running of the club. "This is a great opportunity for fans to own a part of Arsenal and to have more of a say in how the club is run. It's an exciting development and one that we hope will be successful," said one supporter. Others have pointed out that the scheme is a good way for the club to raise funds and that it may appeal to younger fans who are interested in investing in the club. "This is a smart initiative by the club and one that could help to raise much-needed funds. It's also a great way for younger fans to get involved with the club and to invest in its future," said another supporter. Since launching the scheme, the club has already seen a surge in interest from fans, with many signing up to become members. It remains to be seen just how successful the scheme will be in the long term, but for now, it seems like a positive step towards giving fans a greater say in the running of the club.