article: A BDSM-themed advertisement for Domino's Pizza is making the rounds online. The image shows a human tongue tied in spiked chains and sporting a ball gag. The tongue has visible wounds and cut marks - and a hat and whip are seen lying on the ground. The advertisement - apparently set in a dungeon - is meant to promote Domino's Sriracha pizza. New look: The spec Domino's Pizza advertisement for its Sriracha pizza says 'You're going to suffer and enjoy every moment' The slogan 'You're going to suffer and enjoy every moment' is even wrapped in a chain with spikes around the Domino's Pizza logo. However, the company said no to the advertisement's design. 'We’re as shocked as everyone,' Tim McIntyre, a spokesman for the pizza company, told Daily Mail Online in an email exchange. 'The ad was created and pitched by an ad agency to its client, the independent franchise company in Israel.' He continued, 'The ad was rejected because it was ill-advised, unfunny and not brand-appropriate. In a word, it was stupid.' 'Somehow, it got leaked,' McIntyre added. 'When I first saw it myself, I thought it was a parody, just in time for the premiere of "Fifty Shades of Grey." I'm still shaking my head.' McIntyre confirmed to Daily Mail Online that ad agency McCann Erickson Tel Aviv pitched the design. Domino's Pizza has said in multiple exchanges with Twitter users that  'This was created with unauthorized use of our branding. The people responsible are being dealt with.' 'It never officially appeared anywhere,' the company Twitter account told Cosmopolitan of the advertisement. E.L. James' novel 'Fifty Shades of Grey' covers the BSDM relationship and romance between protagonists Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey. A film adaption of the book, starring Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan as Steele and Grey, respectively, will be released in movie theaters on February 13. Bad attempt at humor? A Domino's Pizza spokesman has said of the BDSM pizza ad 'When I first saw it myself, I thought it was a parody, just in time for the premiere of "Fifty Shades of Grey"'
highlights: A BDSM-themed ad for Domino's Pizza is making the rounds online . The image shows a human tongue tied in chains with visible cut marks . A hat and whip are seen lying on the ground close by . Domino's has said that the ad design was pitched to an Israeli franchise company and rebuffed .
id: edd530b8801798e12680d3d345f7fa88852d3818
chatgpt: Domino's Pizza has found itself in hot water over a controversial BDSM-themed advertisement that has been circulating on the internet. The ad shows a human tongue tied in chains with visible cut marks, and a hat and whip lying on the ground close by. The image has sparked outrage from those who find the ad to be derogatory and offensive. The ad, which was reportedly pitched to an Israeli franchise company, has been met with condemnation from around the world. Many people have taken to social media to express their disgust and call for the ad to be removed immediately. Some have even gone as far as to boycott the company altogether. In response to the backlash, Domino's Pizza has issued a statement saying that the ad design was never approved, and has since been rejected. The company also apologized for any offense caused and stated that it would be taking steps to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in the future. Despite Domino's Pizza's efforts to distance itself from the ad, many people remain outraged. Critics argue that the imagery used in the ad is demeaning and reinforces harmful stereotypes. Some have also accused the company of promoting violence against women. The controversy over the BDSM-themed ad is just the latest in a series of advertising missteps by major corporations. In recent years, companies like Pepsi and H&M have faced backlash for ads that were deemed to be inappropriate or offensive. In each case, the companies were forced to issue apologies and to take steps to correct the situation. As debates continue over what constitutes acceptable advertising, it remains to be seen how companies will navigate the increasingly complex landscape of modern marketing. While many consumers may be forgiving of the occasional misstep, it is clear that companies will need to be vigilant in order to avoid inadvertently offending their customers. In the case of Domino's Pizza, the backlash over the BDSM-themed ad has served as a stark reminder of the importance of responsible advertising. While the company may have avoided an even greater public relations nightmare by rejecting the ad, the controversy has nonetheless left a lasting mark on its reputation. For better or for worse, the incident will undoubtedly serve as a cautionary tale for other companies looking to push the boundaries of acceptable marketing.