article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . The body of a young mother has been discovered at an industrial site near Lillburn, Georgia, two days after she went missing, sparking a frantic search. Angela Rabotte, 26, was found dead by a survey crew on Arcado Road at Lilburn Industrial Trail Way Thursday. Police said they believe the body had been there for two days. Rabotte, a mother of a three-year-old girl from Lawrenceville, was last seen in the parking lot of the Steeplechase Apartments in unincorporated Norcross at around 6 a.m. March 29. Tragic: Angela Rabotte, pictured left and right, was last seen alive in the parking lot of the Steeplechase Apartments in unincorporated Norcross at around 6 a.m. Saturday. Her death is being treated as foul play . On Friday, she had dropped off her daughter with a friend so she could attend a party in Atlanta later that evening. But she failed to collect her daughter the next day, sparking concern from relatives. Gwinnett County police told WSB TV that they already have a person of interest in custody in connection with the alleged murder but he has not been charged with any wrongdoing. '(It's) fair to call him a person of interest but he has been in custody far before we had this crime scene,' said Gwinnet County Police Cpl. Jake Smith. 'He was actually in custody in the Gwinett County Jail without bond for about 48 hours now. 'His name is Charles Outlaw, he is one of the last people seen with her, but he is not charged in this crime by any means.' Scene: Rabotte was found dead by a survey crew on Arcado Road at Lilburn Industrial Trail Way, pictured, on Thursday. Police said they believe the body had been there for two days . Missing poster: Close friends and family are in shock at the loss of the young mom. They had set up a Facebook page to find the woman after she disappeared Saturday morning . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation crime lab is investigating. No details have been given on the circumstances surrounding her death. The discovery of Rabotte's body stunned the community. Close friends and family are in shock at the loss of the young mom. They had set up a Facebook page to find the woman after she disappeared Saturday morning. 'She was a great person and good mother. I'm going to miss her dearly,' a friend told WSB. Rabotte's ex-boyfriend and the father of her daughter, Darrell Campbell, broke down after he heard the tragic news. 'I don't know what I'm going to tell my daughter. That is what just kills me because she wakes up every morning talking about her mommy.'
highlights: Georgia woman, Angela Rabotte, 26, was found dead by a survey crew on Arcado Road at Lilburn Industrial Trail Way Thursday . Rabotte, from Lawrenceville, was last seen in the parking lot of the Steeplechase Apartments in unincorporated Norcross at 6 a.m. Saturday . On Friday, she had dropped off her 3-year-old daughter with a friend so she could attend a party in Atlanta later that evening . But she failed to collect her daughter the next day . Her family had started a frantic search for the woman and were stunned when her body was discovered .
id: 42cf95c248727913af8d8e51367549d26d0f5bce
chatgpt: The community of Lilburn, Georgia is in shock after the tragic death of Angela Rabotte, a 26-year-old woman from Lawrenceville. Rabotte's body was found by a survey crew on Arcado Road at Lilburn Industrial Trail Way on Thursday. Rabotte was last seen on Saturday, when she dropped off her 3-year-old daughter with a friend so she could attend a party in Atlanta that evening. However, she failed to collect her daughter the next day, causing concern among her friends and family. Her family immediately started a search for Rabotte, even reaching out to the public on social media for any information on her whereabouts. Sadly, their search came to a tragic end when Rabotte's body was discovered. According to police reports, Rabotte's body showed signs of violent assault, and the investigation is now being treated as a homicide. The cause of death has not yet been disclosed. Neighbors and friends expressed their shock and sadness at Rabotte's sudden and violent death. They described her as a kind and loving mother who was devoted to her daughter. The community is now coming together to support Rabotte's family in their time of need. A candlelight vigil has been planned to honor her life, and a GoFundMe page has been set up to help pay for funeral expenses and support Rabotte's daughter. Police are urging anyone with information to come forward to help with the investigation. It is unclear if there are any suspects in custody at this time. The loss of Angela Rabotte is a tragic reminder of the dangers that lurk in our communities. As the investigation continues, friends and family will be left with questions and heartache that may never fully heal.