article: By . James Tozer . PUBLISHED: . 18:08 EST, 21 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:11 EST, 22 July 2013 . Not so super: Philip Clarke, CEO of Tesco, warns that the days of bargain buys are over . The era of cheap food is coming to an end, the boss of Tesco warned yesterday. Philip Clarke, chief executive of Britain’s biggest supermarket chain, said rising global demand meant the low prices could not continue for much longer. He spoke as a new poll indicated that consumers would be prepared to pay more for their groceries if they thought it would benefit British farmers. Tesco’s reputation was badly damaged by the horsemeat scandal at the start of the year and Mr Clarke has promised to rebuild customers’ trust. But it faced accusations of profiteering yesterday after raising the price of its basic bottled water by 40 per cent as the country sweltered in the heat. Food price inflation was 2.7 per cent last month, up from 2.4 per cent in May. Mr Clarke is the second supermarket boss, after Waitrose’s Mark Price, to back experts’ warnings that rock-bottom prices would eventually lead to quality being sacrificed. Last month a UN report predicted world food prices could rise by as much as 40 per cent over the next decade, driven by the demands of a growing middle class in China and India. ‘There was a time when we could go to South Africa to buy fruit and be the only retailer there,’ Mr Clarke said, adding: ‘Not any more.’ And he pledged to fulfil a promise to the National Farmers’ Union, made after January’s scandal, to give British producers a better deal. But he admitted the discovery of . horsemeat in beef products had damaged customer trust. ‘Tesco was big . and Tesco was bad,’ he said. Oh no, Tesco: The chief executive of Britain¿s biggest supermarket chain, said rising global demand meant the low prices could not continue for much longer . His comments came as a poll to mark National Countryside Week, which starts today, suggested a majority of British consumers would pay more for food if farmers benefited rather than supermarket shareholders. The poll, by YouGov for The Prince’s Countryside Fund, also indicated that more than 80 per cent of consumers think it is important to buy British. Donald Curry, a trustee of the fund, said: ‘The public are prepared support British farmers, even if that means paying more for food – provided extra money goes directly to the producer.’
highlights: No more bargain buys during your weekly show, supermarket boss warns . Due to rising global demand, food prices will rise, say Tesco's Philip Clarke .
id: 7ca87111de8d02590a614a75fb9e8a681da4b927
chatgpt: Supermarket giant Tesco's CEO Philip Clarke has issued a warning to shoppers, cautioning them that the days of bargain buys during their weekly shopping trip may soon be over. In his recent announcement, Clarke cited rising global demand for food as the reason why prices could be expected to increase. According to Clarke, the global population is set to reach nine billion by 2050, which will put significant pressure on global food supplies. This, coupled with factors such as climate change and increased urbanization, will make it increasingly difficult for food retailers to keep prices low. Speaking to reporters, Clarke said that Tesco was already feeling the impact of these trends. "Over the past few years, we have seen a steady increase in the cost of the raw materials that go into the products we sell," he explained. "This is due to a range of factors, including rising commodity prices and the impact of climate change on crop yields." Clarke went on to say that while Tesco would do everything possible to keep prices as low as possible, it would not be possible to maintain current prices in the long term. He also warned that shoppers may see some items increase in price as early as next year. The announcement has caused concern among consumers, many of whom are still feeling the financial pinch of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, some experts have argued that Clarke's warning has been a long time coming. "Food prices have been held artificially low for a long time," said Dr. David Green, an agricultural economist at the University of Birmingham. "This has been achieved through a range of measures, including subsidies and economies of scale, but it is not sustainable in the long run. Ultimately, we will have to pay the true cost of producing food." Green went on to say that rising food prices could have some positive impacts, such as encouraging consumers to make more sustainable choices and reducing food waste. Despite these potential benefits, the news of rising food prices is likely to be unwelcome news for many consumers, who have already had to tighten their belts due to the economic impact of the pandemic. However, Clarke emphasized that Tesco would continue to offer the best possible value to its customers. "We understand that many people are struggling financially right now, and we will do everything we can to help them," he said. "We will continue to offer a wide range of products at competitive prices, and we will work with our suppliers to ensure that we are providing the best possible value to our customers." In conclusion, Tesco's warning highlights the impact of global trends on the UK's food market, which may translate to a significant rise in food prices. Shoppers may have to be prepared to pay more for their weekly essentials at the checkout as food producers pass on the increased costs of production.