article: Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps has confirmed that he will take a break from swimming to attend a programme following his arrest for drink driving. The US athlete was arrested for driving while under the influence for a second time on Tuesday where police said he was travelling 84mph in a 45mph zone. Phelps was booked and released. The 29-year-old took to Twitter on Sunday to express his disappointment in himself and confirm he was seeking help to 'make better decisions in the future'. 18-time Olympic gold medallist Michael Phelps was arrested for drink driving on Tuesday . Police arrested Phelps after he was caught driving 84mph in a 45mph zone in Baltimore . 'The past few days have been extremely difficult,' he said. 'I recognise that this is not my first lapse in judgment, and I am extremely disappointed with myself. 'I'm going to take some time away to attend a programme that will provide the help I need to better understand myself. 'Swimming is a major part of my life, but right now I need to focus my attention on me as an individual, and do the necessary work to learn from this experience and make better decisions in the future.' Phelps confirmed he would be taking a break from swimming through a series of tweets on Sunday . 29-year-old (pictured partying hard during a 2008 Bahamas vacation) was unable to perform standard field sobriety tests, though he remained 'cooperative throughout' the encounter with police they said . Phelps previously courted controversy when he was pictured holding a bong and subsequently banned for three months in 2009. In November 2004, he pleaded guilty to driving while impaired and was fas fined $250 and ordered to serve 18 months' probation. The most successful athlete in Olympic history retired after the London 2012 Games, having a collected a record 18 gold medals and 22 medals in total. He returned to competition this year - winning three golds and two silvers at the Pan Pacific Championships in August - in the hope of making the 2016 Games in Rio. Phelps is the most decorated Olympian in sports history, winning 18 Olympic golds during his career .
highlights: Michael Phelps was arrested for drink driving on Tuesday . Swimmer was caught speeding and crossing double lanes inside the Fort McHenry Tunnel in Baltimore, Maryland . He reportedly drove 84mph in a 45mph zone when police  pulled him over . Phelps was convicted of a DUI in 2004 in Salisbury, Maryland and sentenced to 18 month probation . 29-year-old has won 18 Olympic golds during an illustrious career . US athlete has confirmed he will take a break from swimming to attend a programme .
id: 6d49bb3e3215645dada4b9a5241e2179aa7feadc
chatgpt: American swimming champion Michael Phelps was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol on Tuesday. The 29-year-old was caught violating traffic rules inside the Fort McHenry Tunnel in Baltimore, Maryland. He was reportedly driving at a speed of 84 mph in a 45 mph zone and was seen crossing double lanes on the road. These actions prompted the police to pull him over. This is not the first time Phelps has been convicted of driving under the influence. He was earlier convicted of a DUI in 2004 in Salisbury, Maryland, and was sentenced to 18 months of probation. This latest incident is bound to cause concern among the American swimming fraternity, given the fact that Phelps is an iconic figure in the sport, having won a record 18 Olympic gold medals during his illustrious career. Phelps, in a statement released after his arrest, expressed regret for his actions and apologized to his fans, colleagues, and business partners. He also confirmed that he will be taking a break from swimming in order to attend an intensive program to help him get back on track. The swimming community has reacted with shock and dismay at the news of Phelps' arrest. USA Swimming, in a statement, has said that they are aware of the incident and are looking into the matter. The statement added that Phelps' actions are not in line with the behaviors expected of American swimmers and reiterated the organization's commitment to ensuring that its athletes uphold high standards of conduct. Phelps' arrest is a timely reminder of the dangers of drink-driving and the need to exercise responsibility when behind the wheel. It also highlights the fact that even celebrated sports stars are not immune to the law and repercussions of reckless behavior. Phelps' decision to take time off from swimming and attend a program to help him overcome his personal issues is a positive step forward and shows a willingness to confront the situation and take responsibility for his actions. We can only hope that he emerges from this episode stronger and wiser.