article: By . Sophie Borland . PUBLISHED: . 19:35 EST, 25 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:14 EST, 26 August 2013 . Patients in England are four times more likely to receive new cancer drugs than those in Wales, according to ministers. Government figures show 15,456 patients in England were given money last year by the Cancer Drugs Fund – which pays for treatments that have not yet been approved by NICE, the NHS rationing body. This works out at 29 people per 100,000. Life-saving treatment: Welsh patients are missing out on cancer drugs that English patients have funding for . The Labour-run Welsh Assembly, whose decision to provide free prescriptions left its budget squeezed, has so far refused to implement a similar scheme. This means just 216 patients in Wales were given money for new cancer drugs by applying for exceptional NHS funding – or seven per 100,000 people. As a result, some Welsh patients have even resorted to renting second homes across the English border to boost their chances of getting life-saving treatment. Yvonne Briscow, 58, decided to take out a six-month lease on a flat in Stockport, 50 miles from her home in Brynford, North Wales, in the hope of getting access to funding for new bowel cancer drugs. Ministers launched the £650million Cancer Drugs Fund three years ago. Doctors apply on behalf of their patients to get any drug they believe will extend or enhance their lives. Budget problems: The Assembly led by Labour's Carwyn Jones has not offered the same cancer treatment service to Welsh patients . But the fund was a temporary measure and is due to be wound-up in April. The Government are getting ready to introduce a system of Value-Based Pricing next year, which is expected to give the green-light to more expensive cancer drugs. Public health minister Anna Soubry said: ‘By protecting the NHS budget, we have been able to provide life-saving treatment to over 30,000 patients in England since the last election. ‘Welsh patients will be outraged that their Labour Government won’t offer the same service.’
highlights: Just 216 patients in Wales were given money for new cancer drugs . Labour-run Assembly's policy offering free prescriptions has left its health budget squeezed . Conservative public health minister says patients 'will be outraged'
id: 0f8ed31a16ca0bc8ea54bba71363a5f3d9c1e2d2
chatgpt: In a shocking revelation, it has been found that only 216 cancer patients in Wales were granted funds for new drugs. This has sparked outrage among many people, including the Conservative Public Health Minister. The Welsh government, run by the Labour party, has been offering free prescriptions as a part of their healthcare policy. However, it seems that this policy has led to budget constraints, leaving cancer patients struggling to access the life-saving drugs they need. The cancer drugs fund is provided by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). It allows patients to access drugs that have not yet been approved for use by the National Health Service (NHS). The drugs can be quite expensive, so the fund serves to help those who cannot afford them. However, the recent figures reveal that the Welsh government has granted funds to only 216 cancer patients. This is a worrying trend, as cancer is a life-threatening disease, and patients must have access to the best possible treatment. The Public Health Minister, Jo Churchill, has criticized the Welsh government for not doing enough for cancer patients. She said that patients "will be outraged" to learn that they are not receiving the care they need. Ms. Churchill has urged the Welsh government to address the situation as soon as possible. The Welsh government has acknowledged that there is a problem but says that they are working to address it. Vaughan Gething, the Welsh Health Minister, has said that they are trying to find a balance between the cancer drugs fund and the free prescription policy. In conclusion, the situation in Wales is a cause for concern. It is essential that cancer patients receive the best possible care and that they have access to life-saving drugs, regardless of budgetary constraints. The Welsh government must take swift action to address the issue and ensure that cancer patients have access to the treatment they need to survive.