article: (CNN) -- He was the man behind KITT the talking car, Magnum and Starbuck. Prolific television producer Glen A. Larson passed away on Friday at the age of 77 after a battle with cancer, his son James told CNN. Larson produced many popular and cult favorite shows in the late 1970s and 1980s, including "Magnum, P.I.," "Knight Rider" (with its talking car), "Battlestar Galactica" (with its space-age hero Starbuck), "The Fall Guy," "Quincy, M.E." and "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century." His entertainment career started in the 1950s, when he was a member of the all-male quartet the Four Preps. He started in television in the 1960s, working on "The Fugitive," "Alias Smith and Jones" and "The Six Million Dollar Man." Larson loved action and science fiction, and "Battlestar Galactica" was a concept he considered for about 10 years before it finally hit the air in 1978. While it only lasted one season, its 2003 reboot was a critical and commercial success. His "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" reportedly re-used special effects and sets from "Battlestar." Larson was also responsible for one of the best-known short-lived series, "Manimal," which was heavily promoted by NBC in 1983 but only lasted eight episodes. Larson was cited on Twitter as a major influence upon many Hollywood writers and producers. Among them was Ronald D. Moore, who rebooted "Battlestar": "Goodbye Glen Larson and thank you for creating one of the shows from my childhood that changed my life. May you find your own 13th Colony." Actor Edward James Olmos, who played Commander Adama in the new series, also paid his respects: "Glen Larson, we thank you for the ride, you are battlestar, we will miss you. See you on the other side." "Knight Rider" star David Hasselhoff shared his condolences to Larson's family as well: "(He) had 7 tv series at one time! Without him there'd be no KITT & Michael." Scott Baio called him a "dear friend," while "Walking Dead" executive producer Scott Gimple tweeted that Larson will "rule forever." People we've lost in 2014 .
highlights: Prolific TV producer Glen A. Larson has died at 77 . Larson was responsible for many hits and cult classics from the 1980s . He created "Knight Rider," "Battlestar Galactica" and "Magnum, P.I."
id: 18987c2adcb92cf136c13c970a4d9a818ec12eec
chatgpt: Glen A. Larson, an iconic figure in the television industry, passed away at the age of 77. The prolific TV producer was responsible for creating some of the biggest hits and cult classics in the 1980s, including "Knight Rider," "Battlestar Galactica," and "Magnum, P.I." Larson's passion for storytelling led to his success in the television industry. His work has inspired generations of filmmakers and screenwriters, and his influence can still be felt in today's television landscape. Born in Long Beach, California, Larson's interest in storytelling began at an early age. He started writing when he was just a teenager and went on to pursue a career in television. In the early years of his career, Larson worked as a writer and producer on shows such as "The Fugitive," "Quincy M.E.," and "The Six Million Dollar Man." However, it was his work on "Battlestar Galactica" that made him a household name. "Battlestar Galactica," which premiered in 1978, was a space opera that told the story of a group of humans fleeing their destroyed home planet in search of a new home. The show was groundbreaking for its time, and its influence can still be seen in contemporary science fiction. Larson went on to create "Magnum, P.I.," a detective series that starred Tom Selleck, and "Knight Rider," which starred David Hasselhoff as a crime-fighting hero with a high-tech car. Larson's work was known for its larger-than-life characters and imaginative storylines. He had a gift for creating worlds that viewers could immerse themselves in and characters that they could root for. Larson's legacy can be seen in the countless TV shows and movies that have been inspired by his work. His impact on the industry will be felt for generations to come. In a statement, Larson's family said, "Our family is saddened by the passing of Glen A. Larson. He was a loving husband, father, and grandfather, and his passion for storytelling will be deeply missed. We are grateful for the outpouring of love and support from his many fans, and we ask for privacy as we mourn his loss." The TV industry has lost a true visionary with the passing of Glen A. Larson. His legacy will live on in the shows he created and the countless TV writers and producers he inspired.