article: New York (CNN) -- A 60-foot-long finback whale that washed ashore in the Breezy Point neighborhood of Queens and that was determined dead Thursday morning will be buried in the sand dunes, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The whale could not be moved on Thursday because the National Park equipment that would ordinarily be used was "destroyed by Hurricane Sandy," said NOAA spokeswoman Allison McHale. The plan now is to transport the carcass on Friday with the joint effort of the National Park Service and New York City Sanitation. Both agencies have reached out to the Army Corps of Engineers, which has the type of heavy equipment that needed, according to McHale. The National Park Service has agreed to let the whale be buried on the beach where it is currently located, up in the sand dunes where the high water line will prevent erosion, McHale said. "The necropsy will then be conducted either tomorrow or Saturday," McHale said, "depending on when the whale is moved." The whale was first discovered Wednesday morning on a beach in Breezy Point, a community still reeling from Superstorm Sandy, and biologists had been closely monitoring the status of the whale since its discovery. "What we will do next is determine where the animal will remain, if we are able to bury it on the beach, or if it will need to be moved," Rob Digiovanni, executive director and senior biologist for the Riverhead Foundation, a Long Island-based marine research and preservation group, said earlier Thursday. "That would be a discussion we need to have when we get there. Our plan is to do a necropsy on the beach to find out why it died." Disposal of the carcass remained a challenge. "In the past they (have) been buried on the beach, disposed of in a landfill, or towed out to sea," said McHale. Late Wednesday, the whale was still alive but it was "emaciated and in poor physical condition so there is nothing that can be done to save the whale," she said then. "We thought it was dead when we arrived, but then it started moving," Nick Ecock of Point Breeze Volunteer Fire Department said Wednesday.
highlights: NEW: The 60-foot-long finback whale was determined by experts to be dead . NEW: It washed ashore in the Breezy Point neighborhood of Queens . NEW: It showed signs of life at first after it was discovered by a passer-by . A necropsy performed on the beach is planned, a marine preservation group says .
id: f7f0d834ad0f2c385075fc73799f3ed1eb93ff23
chatgpt: A 60-foot-long finback whale was discovered to be dead after washing ashore in the Breezy Point neighborhood of Queens. The whale had initially shown signs of life when it was discovered by a passer-by, but after experts examined the animal, it was determined that the whale had passed away. The whale's appearance on the shores of Queens was a rare occurrence, and many individuals were surprised to see such a large sea creature in the area. Reports state that marine preservation groups quickly gathered at the scene to investigate the whale's condition and take measures to preserve the creature's remains. A necropsy is planned on the beach by the marine preservation group to determine the cause of the whale's death. Experts believe that the necropsy will provide valuable information on the environmental factors that may have contributed to the whale's death and prevent the occurrence of similar situations in the future. Finback whales are one of the largest creatures that inhabit the oceans, growing up to 85 feet long and weighing up to 74 tonnes. These creatures are not typically found in the waters around Queens, and it is not yet clear why this particular whale washed ashore in the Breezy Point neighborhood. The whale's discovery has sparked interest in marine preservation efforts, and experts have emphasized the importance of understanding the factors that contributed to the whale's death. "We are deeply saddened by the whale's passing," stated a member of the marine preservation group. "We hope that the necropsy will provide us with the information we need to prevent future incidents like this from occurring." Many individuals in the community have been saddened by the whale's passing, and some have taken the opportunity to learn more about the species and the environment in which they live. Experts encourage individuals to become more involved in marine preservation efforts and to help protect the creatures that inhabit our oceans. In the days to come, marine preservation groups will continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding the whale's death and work to preserve the creature's remains. The discoveries made during this process will provide valuable insight into the environmental factors that impact the world's oceans and contribute to broader efforts to protect the planet's fragile ecosystems.