article: (CNN) -- A Nigerian militant group on Saturday announced the deaths of seven workers from a construction company who had been taken hostage last month. The group, Ansar al-Muslimeen (widely known as Ansaru), released video stills of some of the bodies and blamed the deaths on a joint Nigerian-British military operation intended to free the hostages. Neither of those governments confirmed the purported operation. "We are aware of reports of the death of a British national in Nigeria and are urgently investigating," according to the Foreign Office. "We urge the media not to speculate at this extremely sensitive time." The militants on February 18 claimed responsibility for the kidnappings of the seven construction workers taken from their office in northeastern Nigeria. At the time, in an e-mail sent to reporters, Ansaru said it taken the hostages two days earlier because of "transgression and atrocities" against Islam in Afghanistan, Mali and other locations. Those kidnapped included workers from Italy, Greece, Britain and Lebanon. Gunmen took the workers from the offices of Setraco, a construction company in Jama'are, in Bauchi State, police said. The company is based in Abuja and is involved in many major road construction projects in northern Nigeria. The gunmen first attacked a prison, burning two police trucks, public service broadcaster Voice of Nigeria reported, citing state police spokesman Hassan Muhammed. They then killed a guard at the Setraco workers camp before kidnapping the workers, Muhammed told the broadcaster. In December, the group claimed responsibility for the kidnapping of a French citizen near the border with Niger and for an attack on a prison in Abuja in November. U.S. officials say Ansaru is an offshoot of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, which Nigerian authorities say is behind a recent rash of killings and kidnappings in the country. Boko Haram -- whose name means "Western education is sacrilege" -- has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria, according to Human Rights Watch. Incidents have included the killings of three North Korean doctors in northern Yobe and the killings of nine people working for a government polio vaccination program in the northern city of Kano this month.
highlights: Militant group Ansaru says 7 foreign workers are dead . Ansaru is believed to be an offshoot of Boko Haram, U.S. officials say . The victims are from Italy, Greece, Lebanon and Britain . The foreigners worked for a construction firm in northern Nigeria .
id: 4b9559775ad70584b7670f86e13d0cc66017159d
chatgpt: Seven foreign workers belonging to an Italian construction firm have been reported dead by the terrorist organization, Ansaru. The victims were identified as two Italians, two Greeks, one Lebanese, and two Britons. Ansaru is believed to be a splinter group of the notorious terrorist organization, Boko Haram, according to US officials.  The attack took place in the northeastern city of Kano, Nigeria, on February 17. The foreign workers were employed by the Italian firm, which was involved in constructing a road in the northern region. The company had been operating in the region for several years despite the presence of extremist groups. Authorities have yet to provide any additional information on the identities of the victims or the circumstances surrounding the attack. However, Ansaru issued a statement claiming responsibility for the attack, citing the foreign workers' role in "spreading corruption." The terrorist group further warned that foreign workers should leave the country, or they would face similar consequences. The attack has once again highlighted the challenges Nigeria faces in tackling religious fundamentalism and sectarian violence. The country has been grappling with sporadic attacks by various extremist organizations, particularly Boko Haram. The group has been responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of people in a decade-long insurgency. Ansaru has been labeled as a Boko Haram offshoot by intelligence agencies, and its activities have been limited mostly to kidnapping for ransom. The group has previously abducted foreigners, including a British and an Italian national, in 2011 and 2012, respectively. The killings have elicited condemnation from the international community, with the Italian and British governments expressing their condolences and promising to work with the Nigerian government to bring the perpetrators to justice. Meanwhile, the Lebanese embassy in Nigeria expressed its sadness over the death of its national in the attack. The latest attack is likely to heighten concerns among foreign companies and individuals operating in Nigeria, particularly in the northern region. Several companies have already suspended their operations in the region due to the threat posed by extremist groups. In conclusion, the attack on the foreign workers in northern Nigeria is a reminder of the continuing threat posed by extremist groups in the region. It also highlights the need for greater cooperation between governments and international organizations in addressing the root causes of extremism and terrorism. The families of the victims are left to mourn their loved ones while authorities are striving to bring the killers to justice.