article: (CNN) -- Look out Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Andy Murray, Rafael Nadal is back -- and the numbers stacking up suggest he's better than ever. After a seven-month injury layoff between July and February, the Spaniard has now won three titles since returning to the court following Sunday's 4-6 6-3 6-4 defeat of Juan Martin del Potro in the final of the Indian Wells Masters. It was the 11-time grand slam winner's 600th ATP Tour win -- Federer is the only other active player to have reached that figure -- and it helped Nadal notch up a record 22nd Masters 1000 title. The former world No. 1's triumph over Argentine Del Potro at the hard-court event also took him to 17 wins and one defeat for 2013 -- his best ever start to a season. "A lot of things happened in the last seven months, (so) to be back here and to have this very heavy trophy with me is amazing," the 26-year-old told the ATP Tour's official website after his third win at the event. "Beating three top 10 players and winning a title like this is just something unbelievable for me. I'm very, very happy and very emotional." However after playing 18 matches in six weeks, the new world No. 4 has pulled out of next weekend's Miami Masters, though he plans to return for April's Monte Carlo Masters, where he will bid for a ninth successive triumph at the clay court event -- the Mallorcan's favorite surface. "When you have one comeback like I'm having, you remember all the low things, lower moments that you had during those seven months," added Nadal. "Hopefully I passed and can just remember all the people that really helped me a lot during all this time." Del Potro had beaten third seed Murray and world No.1 Djokovic to reach the final, but conceded he couldn't match Nadal. "I think Rafa deserved to win," said del Potro, who has lost eight of his 11 matches with Nadal. "The last hour of the match, he played so solid and put me so far (from) the baseline and made winners. "But I think I (had) a good tournament anyway, and Rafa played really well today in the second and third sets. He broke me early in the third. Playing against him when the score is down is tougher. I was fighting all the time but he won in the end."
highlights: Rafael Nadal wins Indian Wells Master by beating Juan Martin del Potro . The win at the California event is Nadal's third tournament win of 2013 . The Spaniard was out for seven months between July and February . Nadal has won 17 matches and lost one in 2013, his best ever start to a season .
id: d9eb67d3ddeef19eefb94d4475e1a79ecb080346
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal, considered by many as the greatest clay court player of all time, and current world number two, continues to amaze tennis fans worldwide. The Spanish star won the 2013 Indian Wells Masters on Sunday, the 17th of March, with a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 victory over Argentine rival Juan Martin del Potro. The win marks Nadal's third tournament victory of the year and an incredible feat for the Spaniard, who missed seven months of play due to a knee injury. Nadal's determination to come back stronger than ever was evident from the start of the match, as he battled fiercely against del Potro on the hard courts of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden. The first set was a closely contested affair, with both players matching each other point for point. Del Potro took the set after breaking Nadal's serve in the ninth game, but this did not deter the Spaniard. Nadal came back strongly in the second set, taking it 6-3 and sending the match to a decider. The third and final set saw Nadal break del Potro's serve early on, and from there he never looked back. The Argentine fought hard to stay in the match, but it was Nadal who prevailed 6-4 to lift the trophy. Nadal's 17 wins and one loss in 2013 are his best ever start to a season, and it's clear that the Spaniard is back to his best. After missing so much playing time last year, Nadal was determined to make a strong comeback this season. His Indian Wells victory is proof that his hard work and determination have paid off. The victory in California comes after Nadal won both the Brazil Open and the Mexican Open earlier this year. Nadal has now won 22 Masters titles, and is only one short of the record held by all-time great Roger Federer. Nadal's success in Indian Wells is a timely reminder that he is still one of the best players in the world, and is capable of winning on any surface. With the clay court season coming up, Nadal will be looking to dominate his favorite surface once again. In a post-match interview, Nadal said, "This tournament is one of the most important of the year, so I am very, very happy for this victory. I worked very hard to be here, so to be able to win is amazing." The Spaniard's win is sure to give him a huge confidence boost as he heads into the rest of the season. Tennis fans around the world will be eager to see what else Nadal has in store for 2013.