article: The wait is almost over... It's been months in the making and the sacrifices on both sides have been huge. But finally, on Saturday night, after three long months, all of it will have been worthwhile - as Rachael Cordingley will be able to have sex with her partner Carl Froch again. With his IBF and WBA world super-middleweight belts on the line, Froch does not want to head into this fight undercooked as he did in the first bout. VIDEO Scroll down to see Miss Cordingley's recent photo shoot . [caption) Behind her man: Rachael always supports Froch at ringside and she will be there again on Saturday . Reunited at last: After spending three months in separate rooms, Froch and Rachael will be back together soon . And that has impacted on Rachael too, who has been forced to keep her hands off her man since February so that he does not lose any testosterone. The 27-year-old model told The Sun's Hayley Coyle: 'The sex ban is so hard for me - but Carl tells me he isn't that bothered because he's exhausted and it's the last thing on his mind. 'After such a long wait it's really good to have our sex life back to normal and to have that closeness again, to be able to have sex like a normal young couple. Training hard: Froch (left) has been sparring hard to ensure he does not make same mistakes against Groves . 'I seem to get pregnant straight after a sex ban, maybe because it's been so long. Then I have the baby to coincide with the next fight.' Having been with Froch since 2008, Rachael has had to forgo sex on numerous occasions - but that hasn't made it any easier for her . In the build-up to the Cobra's rematch with George Groves, Froch has dedicated himself to his training. He struggled early-on in the first fight against Groves in November after being floored in the first round and only won via a controversial stoppage by the referee in the ninth. That result forced a rematch to be ordered by the IBF, leading to this Saturday's bout at Wembley. Froch, 36, is determined not to repeat his mistakes of last time and has been sleeping in a separate annexe in his £1million Nottingham home since February and leaving Rachael all alone in their room. But come Saturday, Rachael will be cheering her man on at ringside in anticipation of their long-awaited reunion after. Rematch: Froch-Groves II has captured the public's imagination and it will finally happen on Saturday .
highlights: Carl Froch faces George Groves at Wembley on Saturday . The Cobra hasn't had sex with Rachael Cordingley for three months . Froch has been fully focused on his rematch with Londoner Groves . He has been sleeping in an annexe in their £1million Nottingham home . Rachael says she usually gets pregnant straight after a fight .
id: 6105c7a3e4d8544d60232be2c1b14f579cbe8a9b
chatgpt: Carl Froch, the boxing legend, is preparing to face off against George Groves at Wembley on Saturday in one of the most anticipated rematches in recent history. The Cobra, as he is popularly known, has been fully focused on his training and has not had sex with his wife, Rachael Cordingley, for three months. The couple's attempt to conceive was put on hold as Froch put all his energy into getting ready for the fight. Froch's preparations for his rematch with Londoner George Groves have been focused, intense and unwavering. He has spent the last few months in an annexe in the couple's £1million Nottingham home, most of the time sleeping and training. Meanwhile, his wife, Rachael Cordingley, has been preparing for the rematch in her own way. She expressed her anticipation for the fight and revealed that she usually gets pregnant straight after a fight. The couple's love life has been negatively affected by the rigors of training and the pressure of a major fight. This may, in turn, make the fight more challenging for Froch. While other athletes lose focus due to sexual distractions, Froch's determination and discipline kept him away from such distractions. Froch has a vast wealth of experience and is widely considered one of the best fighters in the world. He has won many titles in his stay in the sport, including the WBA and IBF super-middleweight titles. He is hoping that his experience and his previous victories over Groves will help him clinch the win again. On the other hand, George Groves is equally determined and will be looking to avenge his previous defeat by Froch. He has expressed his readiness for the match and is looking forward to making history at Wembley. The rematch between Froch and Groves has captured the imagination of fans and industry insiders alike. The two fighters, with their contrasting styles and personalities, promise to turn in a thrilling show. The stakes are high, with both fighters hoping to clinch a win that could boost their careers and secure their legacies. In conclusion, this upcoming fight between Carl Froch and George Groves promises to be one of the most exciting and memorable in recent history. Fans around the world eagerly await the outcome of this rematch, and it remains to be seen whether Froch's discipline and experience can see him through to victory.