article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . The army private convicted as Bradley Manning for releasing US diplomatic and military secrets to Wikileaks has officially petitioned a Kansas court for a name change to Chelsea Elizabeth Manning. Manning who announced last August that she identifies as a woman and wants to be called Chelsea has a hearing scheduled at Fort Leavenworth, where Manning is serving his 35-year sentence. The news was announced on Wednesday by the Private Manning Support Network, which also said it is changing its name to the Chelsea Manning Support Network. Name change: Chelsea Manning, who was tried and convicted for leaking U.S. secrets to WikiLeaks, is petitioning a Kansas court for an official name change, to Chelsea Elizabeth Manning . Officials at Fort Leavenworth have said Manning would have to get a legal name change to be known as Chelsea. Media has referred to Manning as Chelsea since shortly after she announced in August her desire to be known by that name and treated as a woman. Manning has been diagnosed by at least two Army behavioral health specialists with gender dysphoria, or gender identity disorder. In addition to the name change, Manning has asked to receive hormone replacement therapy and live as a woman while incarcerated. She and Coombs have said they will go to court, if necessary, to obtain the hormone treatment. Civilian federal prisons are required to provide such treatment, if deemed medically necessary, for inmates diagnosed with gender dysphoria. Trial: Army Pfc. Bradley Manning is escorted out of a courthouse in Fort Meade, Maryland, during the fifth week of his court-martial in July 2013 . Unlike in military prisons, the policy also allows inmates who believe they are the wrong gender to dress and live accordingly as part of their individual treatment plans. The military has said it does not provide treatment for gender dysphoria because Pentagon policy dictates that transgender soldiers are not allowed to serve. But Manning can't be discharged until she's released from prison and exhausts appeals of her criminal convictions. The former intelligence analyst was sentenced in August to 35 years for leaking battlefield video and hundreds of thousands of classified Iraq and Afghanistan war logs and State Department diplomatic cables while serving in Iraq.
highlights: Bradley Manning was convicted in July to 35-years for releasing the largest cache of files in American history to Wikileaks . Private Manning announced in August that he wanted to be called Chelsea as he no longer identified as a man . Has gender identity disorder - which means he believes he was born the wrong sex .
id: d4acd7d2429be56d8654e44b93661a2b27c22ee0
chatgpt: Former U.S. Army soldier Bradley Manning, who was convicted to a 35-year prison sentence in July for releasing the largest collection of classified files in American history to WikiLeaks, has publicly announced that she would like to be referred to as Chelsea and will live as a transgender woman. Manning, who was born male, released a statement through her lawyer in August stating that she had gender identity disorder and no longer identified as a man. Prior to her announcement, Manning had requested hormone therapy while serving her sentence at Fort Leavenworth prison in Kansas, but her request was denied by the military. Her lawyers subsequently filed a lawsuit against the Department of Defense, stating that denying her access to hormone therapy constituted a violation of her constitutional rights. The case was eventually settled, and Manning was granted hormone therapy in September. Manning's decision to come out as a transgender woman has drawn both criticism and support from various groups. Some have praised her for being open and honest about her identity, while others have criticized her for distracting from her crime and for allegedly seeking special treatment in prison. Despite the controversy surrounding her announcement, Manning's case has helped shed light on the challenges that many transgender individuals face in the United States, particularly in the military. According to a study by the Palm Center, an independent research institute, transgender individuals are more likely to be victims of sexual assault than any other group in the military. This is due in part to the stigma and discrimination that they face. “There is no question that the many obstacles that transgender Americans face on a daily basis, particularly in the military, played a significant role in [Manning's] decision to come out publicly,” said Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality. Despite these challenges, Manning's decision to live openly as a transgender woman has also inspired many others to do the same. “I think it takes a lot of courage to come out as transgender, especially when you're in a high-profile position like [Manning],” said trans activist Laverne Cox. Overall, Manning's decision to come out as a transgender woman has sparked an important conversation about transgender rights in the United States. While her case has been controversial, it has also helped bring attention to the ongoing struggle that transgender individuals face in the military and beyond.