article: By . Leesa Smith for Daily Mail Australia . Harriet Wran's prison cell was raided on Friday morning as part of investigations into the stabbing death of a Sydney drug dealer. Several documents believed to contain correspondence about the murder charges against the 26-year-old daughter of former NSW premier Neville Wran, her boyfriend Michael Lee and their co-accused Lloyd Haines were seized in the search, 2GB reports. Detectives found the documents, including a letter, in Wran's Silverwater cell, located in the therapeutic unit of the women's wing. Wran (left) had her prison cell searched and documents were seized believed to pertain correspondence in relation to the murder of Daniel McNulty (right) It is understood that the cells of Lee, 35, and Haines, 29, were also searched the day before. Police are continuing to investigate the brutal stabbing death of drug dealer Daniel McNulty in a Redfern public housing block on August 10. Another man stabbed in the altercation, allegedly over a $70 drug deal gone wrong, was taken to St Vincent's hospital in a stable condition but has since suffered a stroke as a result of his injuries. Wran has indicated she will plead not guilty to charges of murder, attempted murder and aggravated break and enter. Detectives found the documents, including a letter, in Wran's Silverwater cell, located in the therapeutic unit of the women's wing . Wran's boyfriend Michael Lee also had his cell searched the day before . In happier times: Neville Wran, his wife Jill, their daughter Harriet and their son Hugo . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Harriet Wran's prison cell was raided on Friday morning as part of investigations into the stabbing death of Sydney drug dealer Daniel McNulty . Documents believed to contain correspondence about the murder charges against the former NSW premier Neville Wran's daughter were seized . Co-accused Michael Lee and  Lloyd Haines also had their cells searched . Wran indicated she will plead not guilty to charges of murder, attempted murder and aggravated break and enter for the incident on August 10 .
id: a5f4eb48dc4667e7d0848529f84b57ce28a4688e
chatgpt: Early on Friday morning, Harriet Wran's cell at Silverwater women's prison was raided by authorities investigating the stabbing death of Sydney drug dealer Daniel McNulty. The former NSW premier Neville Wran's daughter remains in custody, and documents thought to contain correspondence about the murder charges were seized in the raid. Wran is facing serious charges for her alleged role in the murder of McNulty, including murder, attempted murder, and aggravated break and enter. Despite the fact that she has been indicted on these charges, Wran has indicated that she will plead not guilty. Wran is not alone in facing charges in this case. She has two co-defendants: Michael Lee and Lloyd Haines. On Friday, their cells were also searched as part of ongoing investigations into the murder. This is not the first time that Wran has been in the public eye. Prior to her arrest, she was a well-known socialite and fashion model. However, since her incarceration, Wran's life has taken a dramatic turn. She is now one of the most high-profile inmates at Silverwater. The murder of Daniel McNulty has shocked many people in the local community. McNulty was a well-known and well-liked figure, and his death has left many people deeply saddened. It has also raised serious questions about the state of drug-related violence in Sydney and elsewhere in Australia. As the investigation into the murder continues, more details about the circumstances of the incident are likely to emerge. Meanwhile, Harriet Wran and her co-defendants will continue to await trial, which is likely to be one of the most closely-watched legal proceedings in recent Australian history.