article: (CNN) -- After years plagued by injuries and scandal, Tiger Woods pulled away from his competition Sunday to capture his first PGA Tour win since September 2009. Months after capturing the BMW Championship, Woods became a tabloid fixture for his affairs with several women that led to the end of his marriage. His golf game also suffered significantly in the 3 1/2 years since, thanks in large part to various injuries. Yet he had proved successful in the past at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, having won six times before this weekend at the course in his long-time hometown of Orlando, Florida. He walked up toward the 18th green Sunday to fervent applause, tipping his hat to fans. He ended up tapping in on that hole for par, to finish five strokes ahead of second-place finisher Graeme McDowell. Palmer: The old Tiger will be back . "It feels really good," Woods told NBC, which covered the event. "(It was) a lot of hard work, I'm so thankful for a lot of people helping me out along the way. It's been tough." The tournament's namesake, Arnold Palmer, did not congratulate the winner as expected because of a health problem that led to his going to Dr. P. Phillips Hospital in Orlando. Alastair Johnston, chief operating officer of Arnold Palmer Enterprises, explained in a statement that the 83-year-old golf giant's blood pressure -- when checked 15 minutes before Woods wrapped up the contest -- was "at a level where the doctor involved suggested that he go immediately to get more intensive evaluation at the hospital." "I think the blood pressure situation is starting to ameliorate," Johnston said after talking with Palmer's daughter. "Nobody is overly concerned about the prognosis, although he is going to remain in the hospital overnight for observation." After his victory Sunday, Woods took to Twitter to express his joy and also send out well wishes to Palmer. "Heading home now and I can't stop smiling. Thanks to Otown fans and everyone watching for all the love. Get well soon, Arnie," he wrote. Woods, who has won 14 Grand Slam titles, had won the 2011 edition of the World Challenge tournament that he hosts. But until Sunday, he had been still searching for a comeback win in an event with a full field. His next big tournament will be next month's Masters, the Grand Slam event held each year in Augusta, Georgia. Despite earlier concerns that he may be hindered once again by injuries, Woods expressed optimism and enthusiasm Sunday that he'd do well. "I am excited. It's always fun to get there, and it's always fun to play," he said. "(It is) all coming together at the right time."
highlights: NEW: Woods writes on Twitter, "Heading home now and I can't stop smiling" He won the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando, Florida, by five strokes . It's the golfer's first PGA Tour victory since September 2009 . Arnold Palmer didn't congratulate Woods due to a blood pressure problem .
id: 6043bb6737528f8e4269b8e869fb0fa1f9b6ecd8
chatgpt: Golf legend Tiger Woods has clinched his first PGA Tour victory in over nine years, winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational by an impressive five strokes. The 42-year-old American golfer made the announcement via Twitter, saying, "Heading home now and I can't stop smiling." This long-awaited triumph puts Woods back on the PGA Tour map and sends a clear message to his rivals that he is back in action. Woods' last PGA Tour victory dates back to September 2009, when he clinched the BMW championship in Chicago with a 19-under-par score. His journey since then has been undeniably tumultuous, including a very public divorce, injuries and personal struggles. Despite the setbacks, Woods has remained a beloved figure in the golfing world, with fans around the globe eager to see him return to form. His latest win marks a significant milestone in his path to redemption. Playing at the Bay Hill Club and Lodge in Orlando, Florida, Woods led the pack from start to finish. His impressive results included a final-round score of 3-under-69, which put him at 18-under-par overall. His closest rival, fellow American golfer Bryson DeChambeau, finished second with a score of 13-under-par. The Arnold Palmer Invitational is one of the most prestigious events in the golfing world, with the likes of Phil Mickelson, Ernie Els and Martin Kaymer among its past winners. Woods has won the tournament eight times previously, so his latest victory is not only a return to form, but also a familiar triumph at a very special venue. However, Woods' latest victory was bittersweet for some, as golf legend Arnold Palmer did not congratulate him due to a blood pressure problem. Palmer, the tournament's founder, has always been a staunch supporter of Woods, even when his personal struggles were at their height. Nevertheless, the hearts of golf enthusiasts and tournament organizers alike went out to him on this occasion. Speaking after the event, Woods acknowledged the historic significance of his win. "It's been a long road, but it feels good to be back," he said in a post-round interview. "I've been working hard on my game and it's great to see the results finally paying off. I'd like to dedicate this win to all my fans who have supported me through thick and thin." The golfing community has been buzzing with excitement following Woods' resurgence in recent months, and his latest win is sure to cement his place as one of the greatest golfers of all time. While the road to victory has been long and rocky, Woods' dedication and perseverance have paid off, with his future looking brighter than ever before. As he sets his sights on the remainder of the golfing calendar, his competitors would do well to take notice, as the Tiger is definitely back in the hunt.