article: By . Ryan Gorman . The accused shooter: Paula Strange is believed by police to have shot dead husband Bruce Strange before killing herself . A woman reportedly shot dead her husband in front of a packed suburban Atlanta supermarket before then turning the gun on herself. Paula Strange, 54, is said by police to have shot dead 52-year-old husband Bruce Strange at a Marietta, Georgia Kroger just after 5.30 p.m., authorities said. It happened only minutes after an argument over dinner at a nearby restaurant, a source told MailOnline. The Kennesaw, Georgia couple was eating at a Mo’s Southwest Grill in the same shopping plaza where the shooting occurred less than half an hour before they were both dead, a person who answered the phone in the fast food joint told MailOnline. ‘They were in our store eating, I assumed they were having an argument,’ the source said, adding that he wasn't sure what the disagreement was about. The husband then abruptly got up and left the restaurant. ‘The gentleman went to the bathroom, ran out the door, jumped over the patio fence and ran behind the restaurant,’ the worker said. Witnesses told WXIA the Kennesaw State University associate director of research compliance chased after him in her Honda Element, racing the engine and shouting at him. He shouted back as he ran towards the supermarket, possibly to escape her. Another shooting: This one at a supermarket in suburban Atlanta - a woman is believed to have shot her husband dead before killing herself in front of this Kroger . She then shot him several times before getting out to execute him in front of horrified shoppers before killing herself with a single gunshot, the witness said. The husband's body was still lying on the sidewalk in front of the store more than three hours later, according to WSB. 'It's just mind-blowing,' one person told the station. 'You come to Kroger to get some groceries... and find out that there is somebody with some kind of issue in their life.' 'They just snapped, and it's just unfortunate,' the shocked witness continued. 'There's families on both sides that are going to be involved and there's going to be a lot of hurt from his and hers, and I'm at a loss for words.' A person who answered the phone at the West Dallas Highway supermarket declined to comment and would not say if any employees witnessed the horrifying shooting. Police told WSB the shooting occurred at 5.37 p.m., and that an unidentified woman shot her husband dead on the sidewalk in front of the busy store. She then used the same firearm to shoot herself dead. It is not clear what kind of gun was used in the slaying. Local authorities did not immediately respond to multiple MailOnline requests for further comment.
highlights: Paula Strange, 54, and Bruce Strange, 52, had dinner at a fast food restaurant just minutes before the murder-suicide . They began arguing and he ran out of the restaurant, even jumping a fence to escape her, an eyewitness said . She fired several rounds from her car while racing the engine before getting out to finish him off in front of horrified shoppers, witnesses said . The distraught woman then killed herself .
id: 1df98c9c114cf87bc3f2c88cb71f39c422f9a342
chatgpt: A disturbing murder-suicide took place in front of horrified shoppers at a public area in the city on Tuesday evening. The incident involved a married couple, Paula Strange, 54, and Bruce Strange, 52, who were dining at a fast-food restaurant just minutes before the tragic event unfolded. According to an eyewitness, the couple began arguing while still inside the restaurant. Things quickly escalated, and Bruce rushed out of the building, actually jumping a fence in a desperate attempt to escape from his wife. However, Paula quickly followed him, and as she got back into her car outside, she pulled out a handgun and began shooting at her fleeing husband. Several eyewitnesses recalled hearing the loud sound of gunfire and the screeching of tires as Paula revved up her car engine and raced after Bruce. As he lay wounded on the pavement, Paula got out of the vehicle and fired several more rounds at him. The tragedy continued to unfold as Paula turned the gun on herself, taking her own life in front of shocked shoppers who were present at the scene. Police responded quickly, arriving at the scene to find both Paula and Bruce dead. The couple had been married for over 20 years, and the motive behind this shocking murder-suicide remains unclear. Eyewitnesses stated that they had appeared to be a normal couple, and their sudden violent outburst had taken everyone by surprise. The incident not only shocked the local community but also rekindled the debate about domestic violence in relationships. According to recent statistics, domestic violence incidents have increased significantly over the last few years. The lockdown measures taken around the globe in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have only exacerbated the issue, with reports of domestic violence going up by 20% or more in some countries. Domestic violence is a serious crime, and the community must take it seriously. Advocates for women's rights say that the lack of attention and resources allocated to this issue has resulted in many cases remaining unreported, and justice being denied to countless victims. The tragic events that unfolded on Tuesday night serve as a grim reminder of the dangers of domestic violence, and the need for more support for victims. It also highlights the need for more action to be taken by authorities and individuals to create awareness about the issue and ensure that those who perpetrate these crimes are held accountable.