article: (CNN) -- There is one thing people seem to like about flying: Southwest. In a new survey from Zagat, Southwest Airlines swept several satisfaction categories, including best value among domestic airlines for the third year in a row. The airline also got nods for best luggage policy, best check-in experience, best consumer on-time estimates, and most eco-friendly -- the most top finishes of any airline. "Customer service is the core of our business," said Whitney Eichinger, a spokesperson at Southwest. "Bottom line, we have fun. Southwest takes our business very seriously, but is known for having employees who care about our customers which, in this industry, separates us from our competitors." Eichinger added that Southwest will continue to offer customers the chance to check their first two bags free, a major draw for the airline since other popular carriers began charging up to $25 to check one bag. The survey, conducted on Zagat.com, includes 8,000 opinions from frequent fliers and travel professionals, flying an average of 17 times per year. It covers 16 domestic airlines and 74 international airlines, as well as 30 airports within the United States. Continental Airlines and JetBlue Airways topped the survey for premium seating and economy seating, respectively. This is Continental's third year winning the premium seating category among large domestic airlines. Singapore Airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium seating and economy seating, receiving a survey-high score of 28 out of 30 for its premium seats. As for airports, Portland International topped the Overall Quality ratings with 22.47 out of 30, while New York's LaGuardia stayed at the bottom with 6.18 out of 30. This is LaGuardia's fourth year as America's least favorite airport. "It's very, very crowded. ... They're having trouble keeping up with the traffic," said Tim Zagat, co-founder, co-chair and CEO of Zagat Survey. "I think a lot of the infrastructure is out of date." In order to move up in the rankings next year, Zagat said they should "knock it down and start over." Travelers said that direct routes were the most important factor when choosing a flight, followed by ticket price and past experience with an airline. Forty-five percent of people try to avoid flying airlines that charge for checked luggage. "My bags get better service, but they pay extra," one survey respondent joked. Check out the full survey results here.
highlights: Southwest swept several customer satisfaction categories in a Zagat survey . Southwest is one of the few airlines that allows customers to check their bags for free . Singapore Airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium and economy seating . For the forth year in a row, LaGuardia was voted the worst airport .
id: 87098aa101ead5a04cfbf8efaa808f99fc747c64
chatgpt: In a recent survey conducted by Zagat, Southwest Airlines has emerged victorious in several customer satisfaction categories. The survey, which covered a range of airlines and airports, aimed to measure customer satisfaction levels in different categories such as baggage handling, inflight experience, and airport facilities. One of the reasons that Southwest stood out was its policy of allowing customers to check their bags for free. This policy has long been a selling point for the airline, and it seems to be paying off in terms of customer loyalty and satisfaction. In addition to bag fees, other common complaints of airlines such as on-time performance and flight cancellations were not a major issue for Southwest customers. On the international front, Singapore Airlines was the top-rated airline for both premium and economy seating. Singapore Airlines has long been known for its luxurious amenities and high-end service, and this survey suggests that customers are still impressed with what the airline has to offer. In addition to comfortable seating, Singapore Airlines was also noted for its attentive customer service. However, the survey was not all good news. For the fourth year in a row, New York's LaGuardia Airport was voted the worst of the worst. Customers complained about long lines, delayed flights, and a lack of amenities. Despite ongoing efforts to renovate and update the airport, it seems that much more work needs to be done in order to address these issues and improve the customer experience. Overall, the Zagat survey highlights the importance of customer satisfaction in the airline industry. While some airlines may focus on cutting costs or maximizing profits, those that prioritize the needs and wants of their customers are likely to come out on top. Whether it is through offering free baggage check or providing top-notch customer service, airlines that are able to keep their customers happy are sure to benefit from increased loyalty and repeat business. As the airline industry continues to evolve and customer expectations continue to rise, it is clear that airlines must stay vigilant if they hope to continue to stay competitive. While airlines like Southwest and Singapore have found success through their focus on customer satisfaction, others will need to follow suit if they hope to remain relevant in today's crowded marketplace.