article: Read his verdict on Flower's Boy Scouts . And on 'Big Cheese' Matt Prior . And the day Jonathan Trott told Prior to 'f*** off' Kevin Pietersen strenuously denies texting South African players tactical information on how to get Andrew Strauss out in the Textgate storm to have engulfed English cricket in 2012. The scandal began Pietersen’s downfall as an England international and, he says, was a direct consequence of Strauss obnoxiously ignoring him after scoring a century. Pietersen – whose explosive autobiography will ruffle feathers at the heart of the ECB – alleges that Strauss didn't acknowledge him after hitting 149 during the second Test in South Africa two years ago. Kevin Pietersen has denied sending text messages on how to dismiss Andrew Strauss to friends in the South African team during the 'Textgate' scandal that engulfed English cricket in 2012 . Pietersen alleges that Strauss didn't acknowledge him after hitting 149 against South Africa at Headingley . That led to a friend in the South African side BlackBerry Messaging the batsman asking what his captain’s problem was. ‘He asked me, what was Strauss’ problem? He totally ignored the both of us. Made a point of it,’ Pietersen wrote. ‘I have never and would never give any tactical information about any teammates.’ He went on to brand that assertion as ‘b*******’. The former England captain, who resigned after three Tests in 2009, also moves to set the record straight on the term ‘doos’ – thought to be Afrikaan for ‘c***’. He wrote that the friend called Strauss a ‘doos’, meaning a ‘d***’ or ‘idiot’, sentiments the 34-year-old agreed with. Pietersen labels the episode as ‘bizarre’ and that it was leaked ‘drop by poisonous drop’ by an organisation to use the furore as an excuse to get shut of their leading run scorer. He says that the ECB attempted to set him up, trying to coerce a denial before later moving to discredit and wield the axe, but did admit to making mistakes: 'I see now how it looked.' Strauss’ relationship with Pietersen is said to have taken a drastic turn for the worse just days into his captaincy. Described as ‘my buddy’ before the switch, Strauss’ refusal to allow time off to go home ‘at a really tough time in my life’ during a tour of the Caribbean saw the connection break down. KP: The Autobiography is published by Sphere, priced £20 plus p&p.
highlights: Pietersen has denied sending South African friends tactical information on how to dismiss Andrew Strauss during Textgate scandal . Claims Strauss didn't acknowledge him after hitting 149 during second Test against South Africa in 2012 . Does, however, admit to making mistakes in text episode . Revelations are contained in explosive new autobiography .
id: 1429b86d97502d57a214b902c7d01b937c50a1bd
chatgpt: Former England cricketer Kevin Pietersen has denied sending tactical information on how to dismiss former captain Andrew Strauss to South African players during the infamous "Textgate" scandal in 2012. Pietersen, who has made the revelation in his explosive new autobiography, admitted to making mistakes during the text episode. In his autobiography, titled "KP: The Autobiography," the former cricketer said that he was accused of sending South African players text messages that contained tactical information on how to dismiss Strauss. However, he has denied the claims and insists that he never did such a thing. Pietersen said that the allegations had hurt him deeply, and he felt that they were unfair. He also revealed that he reached out to Strauss after he hit a century against South Africa during the 2012 Test series, but Strauss didn't acknowledge him. "I reached out to him [Strauss] after he hit his century, but he didn't acknowledge me. That was hurtful," Pietersen wrote in his autobiography. Pietersen also admitted to making mistakes during the text episode, but he denied sending tactical information to South African players. He said that he was guilty of being naive and insensitive. "I made mistakes during the text episode, but I never sent tactical information to the South Africans. I was naive and insensitive, but I never tried to sabotage my own team," Pietersen wrote. The "Textgate" scandal rocked English cricket and led to Pietersen's exile from the national team for several months. The scandal occurred during the 2012 Test series between England and South Africa, and Pietersen was accused of texting the South African players with tactical information on how to dismiss Strauss. Pietersen's autobiography is expected to be a revealing insight into his life and career, and it has already caused controversy before its release. The former cricketer has never been afraid to speak his mind, and his book is expected to be no different. Pietersen is a controversial figure in English cricket, and his career has been plagued by controversy throughout. However, he remains one of the most talented cricketers the country has ever produced, and his contribution to the game cannot be denied. The revelations in his autobiography are likely to cause further controversy and could even lead to a fresh debate on the "Textgate" scandal. It remains to be seen how the cricketing world will react to Pietersen's explosive new book, but one thing is for sure; it will be a fascinating read for any cricket fan.