article: A woman has claimed that she was told to stop dancing at an African arts festival in Missouri because she is white. Susan Stone, who performs at St Louis arts festivals dressed in brightly-colored tutus, said she was dancing at the African Arts Festival in Forest Park when a member of staff approached her. In an interaction that she caught on camera, the man repeatedly told her to sit down before making remarks that were racist, she said. Scroll down for videos . Upset: Susan Stone complains about her treatment by a festival staffer in a YouTube video. Stone, who was wearing this tutu at the time of the incident, says he asked her to stop dancing because she was white . 'This is not the ballerina arts festival, this is not the European arts festival,' he said, according to a video of their conversation. 'It is not the Caucasian arts festival.' In another video describing the altercation, she said the man threatened her with jail before a guard put one handcuff around her wrist, dragged her away from the dance area and put her on a bus. 'I have been discriminated against because of gender and lots of things but never because I'm white,' she told KMOV. 'They're supposed to be sharing the African culture with everybody. How can you do that if you want someone out? I feel angry because they're missing out . on the beauty of everything.' Altercation: She captured the altercation in a blurry video. The man can be heard saying 'it is not the Caucasian Arts Festival' and he also can be heard threatening her with jail . Caught on camera: She was upset by the remarks made by this man pictured on her video . The co-chairman of the event told the news channel that Stone was being disruptive between performances and did not stop when she was asked to. But he admitted that the employee did not act appropriately. 'That's something that's unacceptable and that's an apology from me because we want everyone to showcase their talents and their abilities,' Jason McNairy told KMOV. On her YouTube channel, danceoflifedancer, Stone says she has been a dancer for 13 years and has never been treated like she was at the festival. Performance: Stone has been dancing for the public for 13 years, calling it the Dance of Life . Proud: She said she has never been so poorly treated, and the event organizer has now apologized . 'The guard... threatens me with jail, threatens me with handcuffs and he puts me in one,' she said. 'He took my stuff - broke some of my stuff - and treated me like a dog. 'He also accused me of having a costume change. This isn't a costume, this is the Dance of Life - which he has to find some meaning of.' See below for video .
highlights: Susan Stone said she was dancing at a festival in St Louis when a member of staff approached her and told her to sit down . Video she captured of the altercation shows him saying: 'This is not the European arts festival. It is not the Caucasian arts festival' She claims she was taken away in a handcuff and removed from the event . The event chairman said she had been disruptive during performances but apologized for the conduct of the staff member .
id: 08d93e30059c475883b61346954ad34a663a0bca
chatgpt: A festival-goer claims she was subjected to racial discrimination and removed from an arts festival in St Louis after being told to sit down. According to Susan Stone, she was dancing at the festival when a member of the staff approached her and told her to sit down. Stone believed that she was targeted because of her ethnicity as other non-Caucasian festival-goers were not told to sit down. She captured the altercation in a mobile video which shows the staff member saying: "This is not the European arts festival. It is not the Caucasian arts festival." Stone claims that she was then put into handcuffs and removed from the event. She later posted the video on Facebook and it has since been shared widely on social media. The chairman of the event, who did not wish to be named, confirmed that Stone had been removed from the festival after being disruptive during performances. However, he apologised for the conduct of the staff member and said that they did not condone any form of discrimination. "We are very sorry for the incident that took place during the festival. We do not condone any form of discrimination and we apologise for the conduct of the staff member," said the chairman. The incident has prompted outrage among members of the community who have criticised the festival's handling of the situation. "It's extremely disappointing to see this kind of behaviour at an arts festival. There is no place for discrimination of any kind at such events," said one member of the festival-goer community. Local civil rights activists have also called for an investigation into the incident. "The behaviour exhibited by the staff member is totally unacceptable and cannot be tolerated. We demand an immediate investigation into the matter and appropriate action taken against the individual responsible," said a spokesperson for the civil rights group. The St Louis Police Department has confirmed that it is investigating the incident and has asked anyone with information to come forward. In the wake of the incident, the festival organisers have pledged to implement measures to ensure that all festival-goers are treated with respect and dignity. "We apologise for the distress caused and we are committed to ensuring that all our events are inclusive and welcoming to everyone," said the spokesperson for the festival organisers. The incident has once again highlighted the issue of discrimination at public events and the need for greater awareness and education around issues of racial equality. As the investigation continues, many in the community will be watching closely to see how the situation is resolved and what measures are put in place to prevent similar incidents in the future.