article: (CNN) -- Don't tell Brad Pitt who or how to love. Brad Pitt talks about "soul mate" Angelina Jolie, life, and fatherhood in Parade magazine. The actor and star of the new film "Inglourious Basterds" opened up to Parade magazine about his thoughts on love, marriage and fatherhood. During the candid interview, Pitt showed off a secret area in one of his homes which he said "is a great place for sex" and reflected on his early days in Hollywood, which included superstardom and some marijuana. "I liked to smoke a bit of grass at the time, and I became very sheltered," Pitt told Parade. "Then I got bored. I was turning into a damn doughnut, really." These days, Pitt said he's happy with his decision to become a parent with partner Angelina Jolie. The two have six children, all younger than 10: Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh and twins Vivienne Marcheline and Knox, the latter born last year. "This family is full of life," Pitt said. "There are laughs, aggravations, irritations, but at the end of the day, it's fun. When life is really good, it's messy." Pitt said his life is very different now that he is a dad. "When I go down a path, I take it to the end," he said. "Then I take another one. I took the path of not having kids, now it's time for family. Children are a dominant value in my life now, and they weren't before." He's found a "soul mate" in Jolie, Pitt said, but he insisted he meant what he has said in the past about not marrying her. "When someone asked me why Angie and I don't get married, I replied, 'Maybe we'll get married when it's legal for everyone else,' " he said. "I stand by that, although I took a lot of flak for saying it, hate mail from religious groups. I believe everyone should have the same rights." Pitt told Parade he takes exception to anyone trying to dictate how someone should live and who they should love. "Just the other night, I heard this TV reverend say that Angie and I were setting a bad example because we were living out of wedlock, and people should not be duped by us," Pitt told the magazine. "It made me laugh. "What damn right does anyone have to tell someone else how to live if they're not hurting anyone? How many times do you think real love comes to someone in a lifetime? If you're lucky, maybe two or three." People should be able to be happy, Pitt said, and that includes his children. "Would it bother me if a child of mine turns out to be gay? No, not one bit," he said. "Listen, I want my kids to live the lives they want to live. I want them to be fulfilled. I hope I teach my kids to be who they really are."
highlights: Brad Pitt gave a candid interview to Parade magazine . Says he stands by not marrying Angelina Jolie until it's "legal for everyone else" Actor says he loves being a father to six children .
id: c9844131b82ffac8e6400911af21cc721843ad26
chatgpt: In a candid interview with Parade magazine, Brad Pitt spoke openly about his personal life, particularly his love for fatherhood and his stance on marriage. The A-list actor, who has long been considered one of the most eligible bachelors in Hollywood, made headlines when he announced he would not marry Angelina Jolie until it was "legal for everyone else." When asked about his decision not to wed Jolie, Pitt explained, "We made this declaration some time ago that we weren't going to do it until everyone else in the country who wants to be married is legally able to do so. We live in this great country that is about freedom. It is defined by our freedom and equality, and yet we allow this discrimination to go on every day. That's not what we're about. That's not what makes us great. Until that is reversed, I just don't see it happening." The actor's stance on marriage equality has earned him praise from many in the LGBT community, who view his decision as a powerful statement of solidarity. Pitt has long been an advocate for equal rights, and he has supported a variety of organizations working to promote LGBT equality around the world. In addition to discussing his stance on marriage, Pitt also opened up about his family life, particularly his love for his six children. "Being a father is the most important thing in my life," he declared. "It's the most challenging thing in my life, and the most rewarding. Everything else comes second." Pitt's devotion to his family is well-known, and he has been photographed countless times with his children, engaging in a variety of activities and enjoying life as a devoted dad. He has credited Jolie with helping him see the joys of parenthood, and the couple has regularly been vocal about their commitment to their children's well-being. As for his professional life, Pitt has several exciting projects in the works, including a starring role in the upcoming science-fiction blockbuster "Ad Astra." The film tells the story of an astronaut who travels to the outer edges of the solar system in search of his father, and Pitt has reportedly been training intensely for the physically demanding role. Fans of the actor can also look forward to seeing him in "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood," the highly-anticipated drama from acclaimed director Quentin Tarantino. Pitt stars alongside Leonardo DiCaprio in the film, which tells the story of two friends struggling to make it in Hollywood during the 1960s. Despite his many successes, Pitt remains humble and grounded, never losing sight of what's truly important in life. As he said in the Parade interview, "At the end of the day, we're all just human beings. We all just want the same things: to love and be loved, to be happy and content with our lives. That's what really matters, and that's what I strive for every day."