article: Former Wimbledon champion Pat Cash accused Andy Murray of collapsing in the latter stages of his Australian Open final defeat to Novak Djokovic and believes he needs to learn from his mistakes. After the first two sets were split in two hours and 32 minutes, Murray looked to be in command against an ailing Djokovic when he broke for a 2-0 lead in the third. However, from then on the 27-year-old Scot won just one of the next 13 games as a rejuvenated Djokovic raised his game to secure a fifth Australian Open and eighth grand slam title with a 7-6 (7/5) 6-7 (4/7) 6-3 6-0 win in three hours and 39 minutes. Andy Murray shouts out in frustration after losing a point during the first set tiebreak in Melbourne . Following his defeat, Murray sat down and promptly smashed two of his rackets on the ground . Murray admitted he was distracted by Djokovic's fluctuating physical condition and Cash said: 'Things just started snowballing for Murray once he lost that concentration when everything was going his way . 'He hasn't put up a great fight, he hasn't. He absolutely collapsed. Sorry but you don't put a rose tint on this. He melted down, he's been disappointing and the bottom line is, the situation got too much.' Speaking during commentary on BBC Radio Five Live, 1987 Wimbledon champion Cash added: 'He has to look at it and say "I can't do this again. What has gone wrong, what did I do wrong?" It's the same stuff that's happened his whole career. Pat Cash accused Murray of having a meltdown as he lost in the Australian Open final to Novak Djokovic . A frustrated-looking Murray eyes up Djokovic and his Australian Open trophy after the match . The world No 1 shouts out in celebration after beating Murray 7-6 (7-5), 6-7 (4-7), 6-3, 6-0 . 'He needs to find the right balance, the right balance between attack and defence. He'll be sat there thinking "what happened, what did I do, I'm a disgrace, I've let everyone down", but he'll learn from it.' Murray has not beaten a world No 1 since defeating Djokovic in the 2013 Wimbledon final and Cash added: 'If he wants to beat these guys then he has to start learning from this. He's a seriously good player but if he wants to be a great player then he has to fix this element. 'He has to have a good hard look in the mirror and he's needed to have a good hard look in the mirror for a long time. [Former coach] Ivan Lendl said "Listen son, pull your head together". 'He's got to focus and look at why he had the meltdown. If he works on that part of his game then I can see him holding the Wimbledon trophy but he's got to look in the mirror. This is not the worst thing for him to be, I'd almost say embarrassed, and hopefully he'll learn from it.'
highlights: Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 (7-5), 6-7 (4-7), 6-3, 6-0 . Murray admits he was distracted by Djokovic's fluctuating condition . Andy Murray was accused of collapsing by 5Live commentator Pat Cash . He said Murray should have 'a good hard look in the mirror for a long time'
id: 4aaf78d6487c7b952c6ec428fb6773f0773b40c6
chatgpt: Novak Djokovic went head-to-head with Andy Murray in a thrilling four-set match at the Australian Open final on Sunday, January 27th. In the end, Djokovic emerged victorious, beating his opponent 7-6 (7-5), 6-7 (4-7), 6-3, 6-0. However, the match was not without controversy. Murray found himself the subject of criticism from commentator Pat Cash, who accused him of collapsing under the pressure. Cash suggested that Murray should "have a good hard look in the mirror for a long time" to determine why he struggled during the match. Murray was quick to refute Cash's accusations and instead credited Djokovic's fluctuating condition as one of the reasons for his struggles. Murray admitted that he found it difficult to maintain focus when he saw Djokovic struggling physically on the court. Despite this, Djokovic was able to rally and regain his composure during the match. He capitalized on Murray's distracted state to secure multiple breaks in the final set, ultimately shutting out his opponent and taking the match. Djokovic's win marked his seventh Australian Open title and 15th Grand Slam victory overall, putting him just two wins away from tying Rafael Nadal's record of 17. Throughout the match, both players showcased incredible athleticism and skill, thrilling audiences from around the world. The match also served as a reminder of the intense competition within the world of professional tennis. The sport demands not only physical prowess, but also mental strength and focus, with even the slightest distraction potentially leading to defeat. Despite the controversy surrounding the match, both Djokovic and Murray demonstrated grace and humility throughout the competition, showing why they are two of the most respected players in the sport. As the tournament comes to a close, tennis fans around the world are undoubtedly already looking forward to the next major event, eager to see which player will come out on top in the next round of intense competition.