article: Joe Hart insists he will be ready to deal with Luis Suarez and the rest of his Uruguay team-mates on Thursday. England take on Uruguay later this week in what Hart believes is a 'do-or-die' match because of Saturday's 2-1 defeat to Italy. Suarez is back in full training following a knee injury and is expected to start the match at the Itaquerao Stadium. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Luis Suarez looking sharp in training . Prepared: Joe Hart says he is ready for the challenge of Uruguay on Thursday . Suarez enjoyed a prolific year with Liverpool last season, scoring 27 league goals, and Uruguay also have the considerable talents of Diego Forlan and Edinson Cavani to call upon. Hart has been studying videos of all the Uruguay players, though, to make sure he is ready to stop whatever the opposition throws at him on Thursday. 'Dave [Watson, goalkeeping coach] studies the tapes of Uruguay and we are well aware of their strikers and their pattern of finishing,' England's number one told TheFA.com. 'We had a lot of sharp shots around the . box (in training). We cover in general, but we specify short, sharp . shots as they have got a lot of boys who get it out of their feet and . bang it.' England need to beat Uruguay and Costa Rica to guarantee their progression to the knock-out stages. Eyes on the prize: Luis Suarez trained on Tuesday and is expected to be fit to face England . Kicking into gear: Luis Suarez says he is 100 per cent fit to face England after his knee problems . No surprises: Joe Hart has faced Luis Suarez countless times in the Premier League . Head boy: Mario Balotelli (left) scored the winning goal as England lost to Italy last Saturday . A draw and a win could be enough for England to qualify, providing other results go their way, but Hart sees Thursday's game as a must-win. 'We've got to win in Sao Paulo,' said the 27-year-old, who earned his 41st cap in Manaus. 'We did play well (against Italy) and there were a lot of positives, but the outcome was not want we wanted and it's not what we've come here for. 'We've put ourselves in a do-or-die situation, which we are prepared for. We need to win. We didn't go into the Italian game with any intention of losing - it's done now, we've moved on.'
highlights: Hart says he has been watching videos of Uruguay's strikers . England keeper says Roy Hodgson's side know they must win on Thursday . Suarez is back in full training and expected to start against England .
id: a0afe7013a369ffd0fadd30e4186004fa7a0c7e2
chatgpt: England goalkeeper Joe Hart has been closely monitoring footage of Uruguay's strikers ahead of their crucial World Cup clash on Thursday. Hart has said that Roy Hodgson's side are fully aware that they must win the match against Uruguay, following their narrow defeat to Italy in their opening game. Hart also revealed that he has been closely studying Uruguay’s forwards, particularly the returning Luis Suarez, who has now resumed full training following an injury. Suarez is expected to start against England, and Hart knows that he and his team-mates will need to be on top form if they are to prevent the world's most in-form striker from finding the net. England's preparations for the Uruguay game have been disrupted by a number of injuries, most notably to captain Steven Gerrard and centre-back Gary Cahill. However, Hart remains confident that Hodgson's side can still secure a crucial victory, despite their injury setbacks. England are also hoping to welcome back Danny Welbeck for the game, after the Manchester United forward missed the opening fixture through injury. Welbeck's pace and energy could prove to be a key asset for England, particularly if they look to exploit the aging Uruguayan defence. However, England will also need to be wary of the threat posed by Uruguay's attacking players, particularly Suarez, who has been in sensational form for Liverpool over the past season. The Liverpool forward, who was named the Premier League's Player of the Year last season, is regarded by many as one of the best strikers in the world. His partnership with Edinson Cavani in particular could prove to be a major problem for England's defence. Despite the challenge facing them, Hart and his team-mates remain determined to secure a much-needed win on Thursday. With the likes of Wayne Rooney, Raheem Sterling and Welbeck in their ranks, England certainly have the attacking talent to cause Uruguay problems, and Hart is hopeful that they can produce the goods when it matters most. Of course, everything depends on the form Suarez exibits in the game. If he shows why he is regarded as one of the best strikers in the world, Hart and England’s defence will certainly have a tough time trying to keep him at bay. However, England has some talented forward players, and they will be looking to make the most of the chances that come their way. The match between England and Uruguay promises to be an enthralling encounter, with both sides eager to secure three points and keep their World Cup hopes alive. For Hart and England, it will be a case of remaining focused and organised at the back, while also looking to take advantage of any opportunities that arise in attack.