article: (EW.com) -- Huge news for "American Chopper" fans: Jesse James is returning to the network that made him famous to compete head-to-head against the Teutuls on "American Chopper." Marking his first appearance on Discovery Chanel in five years, the former "Monster Garage" star will guest star on "Chopper" across two nights in December. Not only that, but "American Chopper" is going live for the first time -- pitting James, Paul Teutul, Senior and Paul Teutul Jr. in a bike-building battle at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas. The face-off airs December 5 and 6 at 9 p.m. both nights. The first night is the regularly scheduled "American Chopper." You'll see Senior, Junior and James building the bikes, and viewers will vote for their favorite. The second night is a live show from Las Vegas where the winning bike will be revealed. For "Chopper" fans, this is the stuff of online message-board wish fulfillment. Jesse James' documentary "Motorcycle Mania" helped launch the whole cable reality motorcycle craze back in 2000, whereas relative later-comer "American Chopper" helped bring the genre to a greater level in popularity. James then left Discovery and went on to other ventures, including his short-lived Spike TV series "Jesse James is a Dead Man" (and drawing international headlines for his divorce from Sandra Bullock). Though James and the Teutuls respective motorcycle garage shows overlapped during James' years at Discovery ("Monster Garage" ran from 2002-06; "Chopper" has aired since 2003), this event marks the first time the combustible personalities have gone head-to-head on one of the programs. See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: The former "Monster Garage" star will guest star on "Chopper" "American Chopper" is going live for the first time . James, Paul Teutul, Senior and Paul Teutul Jr. will be in a bike-building battle .
id: 184bf8f8e46d5338089d4747e1732a14bd76cb1c
chatgpt: Jesse James, the former "Monster Garage" star, is set to make a guest appearance on "American Chopper". This is all in anticipation of the highly anticipated bike-building battle between Paul Teutul, Senior and Paul Teutul Jr. Fans of the reality TV show are excited to see their favorite cast members in a competitive environment. But this is no ordinary episode of "American Chopper". It is the first live episode of the show, where viewers will be able to witness the building of customized choppers in real time. This new format is sure to add to the excitement of the show's loyal following. James, known for his mechanical prowess and custom bike-building skills, will be joining the Teutuls in a bike-building battle. Fans are ecstatic to see these three motorcycle legends come together for an epic showdown of creativity and engineering know-how. The Teutuls themselves have been building custom choppers for years and have garnered a significant following. Both Paul Teutul Sr. and Paul Teutul Jr. have unique styles when it comes to creating their bikes. They have proven themselves to be skilled in their craft and are recognized as some of the best bike builders in the world. During the live episode, viewers will be able to see each of the custom bike builders create their choppers from scratch. This exciting and unique format is set to give fans an intimate look into the world of custom motorcycle building. It is sure to be a captivating viewing experience for viewers who tune in to watch the live episode. With the addition of Jesse James to this episode of "American Chopper", fans will be in for a treat. This bike-building battle is sure to be one for the ages. Tune in to watch this epic live event and see who comes out on top. In conclusion, the live episode of "American Chopper" will feature the talented Jesse James as a guest star alongside bike-building legends Paul Teutul Sr. and Paul Teutul Jr. It is set to be an exciting event filled with creativity and engineering know-how. Fans of the show and the chopper building industry will not want to miss this captivating event.