article: By . Reuters . After a two-decade manhunt, New Jersey police have captured a convicted sex offender who was one of the state's top 12 most-wanted fugitives, authorities said on Monday. A multi-state investigation and three-day stakeout ended the 23-year search for James Wade Barclay with his arrest on Saturday, the New Jersey State Police Department said. Barclay was arrested in 1989 and pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old multiple times over a two-year period, but he never showed up for his sentencing hearing in September 1991. He had been on the run ever since. James Wade Barclay (pictured left on Saturday) was arrested after evading sexual assault charges and going on the run for 23 years. He was arrested in 1989 (right) but failed to show up to his sentencing hearing . Police recently learned that Barclay had created a new identity, going by the alias James Toryone and working as a trucker throughout the United States, police said. He was able to purchase a home, develop new friendships and attend social functions where children were present. Barclay had created a new identity and worked as a trucker for 20 years . The investigation led New Jersey police to stake out a 'Stop N Ride' parking lot in rural Pennsylvania for three days. Three detectives from the department's fugitive unit took shifts watching the lot from a rental car. They donned camouflage suits when remotely surveying the lot from a wooded area nearby, police said. Barclay was spotted inside a parked tractor trailer and arrested without incident. He attempted to use his alias before admitting his true identity, police said. 'This arrest demonstrates our unwavering commitment to capture wanted fugitives,' said Colonel Rick Fuentes, Superintendent of the New Jersey State Police, in a statement. Barclay is being held in a Pennsylvania jail on $5 million bail and awaiting extradition to New Jersey. It is not clear if Barclay has an attorney.
highlights: James Wade Barclay was arrested on Saturday in rural Pennsylvania after a 23-year search . Barclay pleaded . guilty to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old multiple times but never showed up for sentencing in 1991 and went on the run . Barclay had been working under an alias as a trucker across the U.S.
id: e9f741c4cf6a25eda3eeddba449392141fd02ead
chatgpt: After a 23-year search, James Wade Barclay was finally arrested on Saturday in rural Pennsylvania. His arrest was long overdue, as he had been on the run since he failed to show up for his sentencing in 1991. Barclay had pled guilty to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old multiple times and was expected to serve time for his crime. Barclay's evasion of law enforcement was successful for many years due to his adoption of an alias and cross-country trucking job, which allowed him to evade detection. However, the long arm of the law could only reach so far and eventually caught up with him. News of Barclay's arrest spread quickly, with many relieved that justice would finally be served. The victim's family was particularly grateful for the closure, after years of living with the trauma of the assault and the uncertainty of whether or not Barclay would ever be held accountable for his actions. Barclay's guilty plea and eventual capture proved that time does not diminish the value of a victim's courage to speak out and seek justice. It also sent a message to other perpetrators of sexual assault that they cannot simply run from their crimes forever. The case is a reminder that justice is not an outcome in itself, but rather a process. The long wait for Barclay's capture was arduous, but the outcome speaks to the persistence of law enforcement in bringing criminals to justice. Cases like the Barclay case also highlight the importance of victim support services and perseverance in investigations. The dedication of law enforcement and victim support personnel has been instrumental in the eventual capture of criminals who were thought to have evaded justice for so many years. In the end, Barclay's case proved that perpetrators of serious crimes can never truly escape their actions. The long arm of the law, powered by victims' courage and public support, can reach even the most elusive criminals.