article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:27 EST, 20 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:29 EST, 20 November 2013 . The disturbing moment a trooper shot a stunned deer in the head at point-blank range because it wouldn't move has been captured on camera. Michigan State Police have opened an investigation into the troubling execution after the video went viral. The news comes just days after footage of Michigan cops ordering African American men to 'sing or dance like chimps' surfaced, forcing a police investigation. WARNING: GRAPHIC VIDEO BELOW . Stand-off: Video shows the moment an allegedly injured deer appears to be frozen in the headlights of a Michigan State Trooper's squad car before he is shot dead for not moving . The most recent clip, posted on YouTube on Tuesday, shows a deer standing on a roadside, frozen in the headlights of a Michigan State Trooper's squad car. It is not clear when the incident occurred. The troopers attempted to scare off the gentle creaure, who they claimed was injured, by sounding the siren and flashing the lights. The cruiser then crawled forward and nudged the scared animal, which still didn't move. A man filming said: 'He ain't goin' nowhere dude.' Another man shouted: 'Want me to grab that [expletive] and drag it across the road?' A trooper then held a gun just inches from the deer's head and shot it. It is not clear if the deer died because its legs were visibly shaking. 'Man down,' said a voice behind the camera, after making the noise of a tree falling. 'That's better than huntin'.' MSP spokesperson Lt. Mike Shaw defended the officers, saying it did not appear their actions were unlawful. However, he told Fox 2 the incident was being investigated. He said the deer was injured and could have darted out into the roadway, causing a traffic accident. Michigan State Police are also investigating a separate incident in which footage of  Grosse Pointe Park police belittling African Americans was released. The clips seem to show an African American, mentally-disabled man being provoked to sing like a chimp. The videos were allegedly recorded by at least one police officer. Police work: The officers flash their lights, sound the siren and even nudge the deer with the patrol car to make it move, but the deer is transfixed . Intentional: The storm trooper holds the gun just inches from the head of the stunned, injured deer before executing it . Like Bambi's mom all over again: The deer keels over after it is shot. Because its legs are shaking, it's not clear if the creature is dead .
highlights: Shocking video shows Michigan State Trooper shoot stunned deer in the head . MSP spokesman said animal was injured and could have caused an accident . Execution being investigated . The shocking news comes just days after police in Michigan caught humiliating and harassing African Americans .
id: ae5080eacc7dfb04ebd52a0e569dc2c4003d8cd6
chatgpt: A shocking video has emerged of a Michigan State Trooper shooting a stunned deer in the head. The incident, which was captured on camera, has sparked outrage among animal rights activists and sparked an investigation by state police. In a statement issued by a Michigan State Police (MSP) spokesman, it was revealed that the animal was injured and could have caused a potential accident had it been left to wander onto the road. The graphic footage shows the trooper approaching the deer, which appears to be in a state of shock, before shooting it at close range in the head. It is not clear from the video whether the animal was already dead or unconscious before the shot was fired, but the incident has nevertheless generated widespread anger and controversy. Animal rights groups have criticized the shooting as a cruel and unnecessary act of violence against an innocent animal. The MSP has stated that it is conducting an investigation into the incident to determine whether the use of lethal force was justified. The trooper in question has not been identified, and it is unclear whether any disciplinary action will be taken. The shooting comes just days after police in Michigan were caught on camera humiliating and harassing African Americans. Footage of the incidents, which have been widely circulated on social media, show police officers using excessive force, using racial slurs and making inappropriate comments. The incidents have sparked protests and calls for police reform, with many activists arguing that there is a systemic issue of police brutality and discrimination in the state. The shooting of the deer has once again brought issues of police accountability and animal welfare to the forefront of public debate. Many people are asking whether this incident is indicative of a broader culture of violence and disregard for life among law enforcement officials. Critics have argued that incidents like this highlight the need for more training and stricter guidelines for police officers when it comes to the use of lethal force. They contend that the shooting of the deer was a callous act that could have been avoided if the trooper had been better equipped to deal with the situation. Animal rights activists have called for greater protections for wildlife and stricter penalties for those who engage in acts of violence against animals. They argue that the shooting of the deer is a prime example of the kind of unchecked aggression and brutality that is all too common among law enforcement officials. The ongoing investigations into the shooting and police conduct more broadly will likely raise important questions about what kind of policing we want in our society, and how we can ensure that those responsible for keeping our communities safe are held to the highest standards of accountability and professionalism. For now, the video of the Michigan State Trooper shooting the deer will continue to spark outrage and debate, as people grapple with the disturbing realities of police violence and animal cruelty in our society.