article: By . Tim Shipman . PUBLISHED: . 19:04 EST, 9 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:43 EST, 10 July 2013 . English MPs could be given the power to veto laws affecting only England, it emerged last night. Under plans to be unveiled in the autumn, English MPs would be able to reject legislation on NHS, education or local government reforms even if it had been passed by a majority of all MPs in the Commons. The move is designed to end the situation under which Scottish MPs can be used to force through laws that only concern England, against the wishes of English MPs. Changes: English MPs could be given the power to veto laws affecting only England, it emerged last night . The changes are likely to be fiercely resisted by Labour. Many of its MPs represent Scottish and Welsh constituencies and even if the party wins the general election it might not command a majority of MPs in England. At present, 67 of Labour’s 257 MPs represent Welsh or Scottish constituencies. The Tories have a notional majority of 68 over other parties with English MPs. The plans are being drawn up by Oliver Letwin, the Tory Cabinet Office Minister, and Danny Alexander, the Liberal Democrat Chief Secretary to the Treasury. Proposals: The plans are being drawn up by Oliver Letwin, pictured . The proposal favoured by ministers from . both parties would see legislation taking its usual course through the . Commons and the Lords. However, once a Bill has had its third reading in both houses, English MPs would be given a vote to ratify the legislation on policy areas that only affect England. If they rejected part or all of a piece of legislation, it would return to the House of Commons for further consultation or amendment. The reforms will form part of a package of constitutional changes that will also include plans to devolve further tax and borrowing powers to the Welsh Assembly. A senior minister told the Mail: ‘The idea is to give English MPs the right to ratify legislation that concerns England. It would effectively create a “fourth reading” of a bill on English-only matters. ‘Scotland has had devolution and is now voting on independence. Wales is going to get more powers. It would be wrong not to address the issue of England, too.’ The plans are a bid to solve the so-called ‘West Lothian Question’, named after the former Labour MP for West Lothian Tam Dalyell, who raised the issue of English MPs being overruled by Scots in a speech on devolution in 1977.
highlights: Could stop Scottish MPs from forcing through laws only affecting England . Changes likely to be fiercely resisted by Labour . Many of its MPs represent Scottish and Welsh constituencies .
id: 09a588877478c43efde6b0d5a7021a634f781c8d
chatgpt: The United Kingdom government has put forward a proposal to limit the power of Scottish MPs in Westminster to introduce laws that only impact England. This move comes amidst concerns over the so-called "West Lothian question", which asks whether Scottish and Welsh MPs should be allowed to vote on issues that only affect England. The proposed changes are expected to face intense opposition, particularly from the Labour party, which has a significant number of MPs representing constituencies in Scotland and Wales. The proposed changes would require that any legislation introduced by Scottish MPs that only affects England must be approved by a majority of English MPs before it can be passed. This would effectively give English MPs a veto over such legislation. The government claims that this would make the process more democratic and ensure that issues that only affect England are decided by MPs who represent England. However, the Labour party has already voiced strong objections to the proposal. Many of its MPs represent constituencies in Scotland and Wales, and they argue that this move would be unfair to Scottish and Welsh voters. They also note that similar arrangements would not apply to issues that only affect Scotland or Wales, as there are no equivalents of English votes for Scottish or Welsh issues. John McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, has said that the proposal is "a constitutional outrage" and that Labour would resist it fiercely. He argued that the proposed changes would undermine the unity of the UK and accused the government of trying to create a "two-tier" system of MPs. Despite the opposition, the UK government appears determined to push ahead with the changes. The Conservative party argues that the current situation, in which Scottish and Welsh MPs can vote on issues that only affect England, is unfair and unworkable. They have pointed to the fact that the English voted differently from the rest of the UK in the Brexit referendum as evidence of the need for change. Supporters of the proposal argue that it would help to address the democratic deficit in England and give English voters more say in the decisions that affect them. They have also argued that the proposal would help to prevent Scottish and Welsh MPs from "imposing their will" on England. The proposed changes have already sparked a heated debate, and it is likely that they will continue to be a contentious issue in the coming months. Some have argued that the proposed changes could pave the way for a more fundamental restructuring of the UK's constitutional arrangements. Others have cautioned that any such changes would need to be carefully thought through, with input from all of the UK's nations and regions. For now, however, the UK government's proposal represents a significant challenge to the status quo, and it will be interesting to see how the debate develops in the coming weeks and months.