article: By . Ian Parkes, Press Association Sport . Fernando Alonso believes Mercedes to be the surprise of the Formula One season - and now the benchmark for Ferrari to aspire to. Come the start of the campaign, rumours implied Mercedes had adapted more to the new regulations compared to fellow power-train suppliers Ferrari and Renault. But it is fair to assume no-one expected Mercedes to blow away their rivals as they have done this season and usurp Red Bull as the force to beat. Falling behind: Fernando Alonso has been left behind by Mercedes this season with Ferrari . Runner up: The Spaniard finished second in Hungary, and is yet to win a race yet this season . From the 11 grands prix's over the first period of the season, Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have claimed 10 poles and won nine races between them. With eight grand prix's to run once F1 returns from its summer break later this month, it is simply a question of when and not if Mercedes will win the constructors' championship and one of their drivers the main prize. 'Mercedes have surprised everybody,' said double world champion Alonso. 'Now we are getting used to seeing them dominate every weekend, but I remember when we were in Jerez and Bahrain testing these new cars with very complex technology. 'We were all struggling, but straight away they were okay, and now from 11 races they've won nine and nearly always been on the front row. 'I would say they have been the biggest surprise - a good surprise - this year.' Leading the way: Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton (left) of Mercedes have lead the way this season . Challengers: The team-mates and rivals have won nine of the 11 races so far this season . By contrast, Alonso has again driven beyond the capabilities of his car, hauling himself on to the podium twice in the 11 events. Consequently, both he and Ferrari have nothing much to play for other than being the best of the rest, albeit with the determination to one day soon be battling Mercedes for honours. 'Mercedes are motivation for us,' added Alonso. 'We know we can do a much better job as we haven't done a good one so far. 'We are making some progress, but the benchmark has changed - last year it was Red Bull, this year it's Mercedes. 'We simply have to get on top of our problems and try to arrive at their level.'
highlights: Mercedes are the surprise of the Formula One season, believes Alonso . The team adapted better to the new regulations at the start of the season . Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have won nine of 11 races so far .
id: 13b16df38df348e997d7f4fa1fa9c5b2633aa10c
chatgpt: The Mercedes Formula One team is the surprise of the season, according to Fernando Alonso. The Spanish driver, who is a two-time Formula One champion, believes that the Mercedes team has adapted better to the new regulations at the start of the season, giving them an edge over their competitors. Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton, the Mercedes drivers, have dominated the season so far, winning nine of the 11 races. Rosberg currently leads the drivers' championship with 220 points, while Hamilton is in second place with 191 points. The Mercedes team also leads the constructors' championship with 411 points, well ahead of their closest rival, Red Bull, with 274 points. Alonso, who drives for the McLaren team, has struggled this season, with his best result being a fifth place finish in Monaco. However, the Spaniard is still considered one of the best drivers in the sport, and his opinion carries weight in the Formula One community. "Mercedes have done a fantastic job this season," said Alonso. "They have adapted to the new regulations better than anyone else, and they have been consistently fast in every race. Nico and Lewis have been driving at an incredibly high level, and they deserve to be where they are in the championship." The new regulations introduced this season were designed to make the sport more competitive and exciting for fans. The changes included the introduction of wider tires, the removal of the aerodynamic devices known as "shark fins," and a reduction in the size of the rear wings. The aim of these changes was to increase the speed of the cars and make them more challenging to drive. Mercedes took advantage of these changes, developing a car that is both fast and reliable. They have also benefited from the skill and experience of their drivers, who have pushed the car to its limits in every race. Although there are still eight races left in the season, it looks increasingly likely that the championship will go to one of the Mercedes drivers. Both Rosberg and Hamilton have shown themselves to be world-class pilots, able to handle the pressure of the championship battle. For Alonso and the other drivers, the challenge will be to try and catch up with the dominant Mercedes team. While it may seem like an impossible task at this point in the season, anything can happen in Formula One, and there are still plenty of opportunities for surprises and upsets. One thing is for sure: the rest of the season promises to be exciting and full of drama, as the teams and drivers battle to come out on top in one of the most challenging and competitive sports in the world.