article: Taking to the water for the first time, the stunning £400million megayacht is one of the largest and most expensive ever to be built. Four years of work have gone into creating the huge boat which is the brainchild of a British designer based, ironically, in landlocked Rutland. But despite the conspicuous size of the yacht, named Topaz, the identity of its owner remains shrouded in secrecy. The stunning megayacht is one of the largest and most expensive ever to be built . At 147-metres, it is the fourth longest yacht ever built and a mere 15-metres shorter than Roman Abramovich's Eclipse, which currently holds the bragging rights. The vessel also boasts a weight thought to be in excess of 12,000 tonnes. Whoever the lucky owner is, they are likely to have very deep pockets. The identity of the billionaire customer . is unknown with Lurssen, the boat's manufacturer, unwilling to discuss personal clients due to . strict confidentiality agreements. The German-built megayacht is thought to be the largest ever - with a gross weight in excess of 12,000 tonnes . Topaz is understood to have been the work of British designer Tim Heywood, who is based in Rutland . The mystery customer is expected to be paying upwards of £300 million for the elegant vessel . As a result, details surrounding the yacht remain sketchy, but a vessel of this size is anticipated to have a price tag of between £300 to £400million. Topaz is understood to have been the work of British designer Tim Heywood. The 62-year-old, who has been in the industry for 40 years, has played a major role in producing some of the world's finest yachts. From his office overlooking Rutland Water, he has designed the likes of the 133-metre 'Mirqab', which was named 2009 yacht of the year, and Roman Abramovich's old boat, the 115-metre Pelorus. Mr Abramovich's latest vessel, the 163.5m Eclipse, is about to be - well - eclipsed by a 180m monster known only as Project Azzam. Ousted: But Mr Abramovich is about to lose his title as the owner of the world's largest private yacht - after this incredible vessel was spotted in Germany last month . On the move: The yacht, which was minus its bow . section, was quickly taken to the larger 220-metre dock so engineers . could continue the awesome project . Huge: Eclipse, owned by Chelsea Football Club owner Mr Abramovich, has two swimming pools, two helipads, a gym, hair salon, dancefloor and a 007-style submarine . It is rumoured the boat, which is longer than some cruise ships, has been commissioned by the Saudi Royal Family. Stunned . photographers captured the vessel earlier this month as it was transported out of the . 170-metre dry dock at Lurssen's yard... because it had . become too large. The . yacht, which was minus its bow section, was quickly moved to the larger . 220-metre dock so engineers could continue the awesome project.
highlights: Not the biggest billionaire's plaything but one of the most expensive . Owner's identity remains shrouded in secrecy . At 147m it is STILL 15m shorter than Roman Abramovich's yacht Eclipse .
id: 3bf536c0ad21f88be42691e260462ad70d0f5fd4
chatgpt: In the world of billionaires, a private yacht has become a status symbol like no other. With miles of open water at their fingertips, the world's wealthiest have been known to spend fortunes on luxurious vessels that represent their power and prestige. One such yacht, shrouded in secrecy, has recently made headlines for its astronomical price tag. Although it may not be the biggest billionaire's plaything, it has been deemed one of the most expensive private yachts in existence. At a staggering 147 meters in length, the yacht has been the talk of the town amongst luxury boating enthusiasts. Despite its impressive size, however, it falls 15 meters shorter than Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich's yacht, the Eclipse - the longest private yacht currently in operation. While many billionaires invest millions upon millions in their coveted yachts, few take measures to keep their identity as hidden as this yacht's owner. The mysterious figure behind this vessel has kept themselves shrouded in secrecy, leaving many to speculate over their true identity. Despite the owner's anonymity, the yacht itself has been making waves wherever it goes. With a sleek, modern design, the vessel boasts all of the amenities one would expect from a private yacht of this caliber. From multiple swimming pools to helicopter landing pads, this yacht has it all. However, the real standout feature of this yacht may be the meticulous attention to detail that went into every inch of the vessel's design. From custom-made furniture to bespoke artwork, no expense was spared in making this yacht truly unique. Many have wondered what type of billionaire would spend so lavishly on a yacht. Some speculate that it may belong to a Middle Eastern oil tycoon, while others suggest it could be the plaything of a Silicon Valley tech mogul. Regardless of who the owner of this yacht may be, one thing is clear - they have certainly spared no expense in creating a vessel that is truly one of a kind. As the yacht continues to cruise around the world's oceans, it is sure to turn heads and capture the imaginations of luxury lovers everywhere. Although it may not be the longest or the biggest, its impressive price tag and unique design make it a true standout among the world's most coveted private yachts.