article: (CNN) -- A nationwide sweep by federal agents targeting the violent MS-13 street gang has resulted in hundreds of arrests, including 263 gang members, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency announced Friday. Those arrested in the July and early August sweep include suspects wanted on murder, assault, sexual assault, robbery and kidnapping charges, among other offenses, ICE said in a news release. Among those charged are 158 members and associates of MS-13, with 105 others allegedly belonging to other gangs. Authorities arrested 84 non-gang members wanted on criminal charges and 14 people on immigration violations as part of the same sweep, according to the federal agency. Murder suspect who is a member of MS-13 arrested . Special agents with ICE's Homeland Security Investigations unit also seized 28 firearms, 10 kilograms of marijuana, 123 grams of cocaine, over 770 grams of heroin and about $22,400 in cash. Agency officials describe MS-13 -- also known by the name Mara Salvatrucha -- as "one of the most dangerous transnational criminal gangs in the world today." Salvadoran immigrants fleeing that nation's civil war started MS-13 some years ago in Los Angeles. MS-13 leader gets 76 years . Since then, the group has grown to about 10,000 members -- most of them Central and South American immigrants -- operating in largely independent chapters across 42 states, according to the FBI. Authorities allege MS-13 members engage in various criminal activities, including drug trafficking, murder, rape, robbery and other crimes. And MS-13 extends well beyond the United States, which is why many efforts to combat it have spanned borders. In 2005, for instance, a two-day operation involving more than 6,400 government agents in the United States, El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala and Mexico led to 660 arrests. Some 237 of those arrests were in El Salvador, with 73 in the United States. Massive international sting nets 660 . And last October, President Barack Obama's administration named the organization a transnational criminal enterprise, with the goal of freezing millions of dollars in profits from drug and sex trafficking operations. Read more: Central America's bloody drug problem .
highlights: NEW: Federal agents also seize drugs, firearms and cash . Gang sweep nabs 158 members and associates of notorious MS-13 gang, among others . Immigration agents made the arrests in July and early August . The FBI calls MS-13 an "exceedingly violent" gang .
id: 4eaa80a4e3e1cb57599b209c3fb26d185e25da4f
chatgpt: In a massive crackdown on gang activity, federal agents have arrested 158 members and associates of the notorious MS-13 gang, along with a haul of drugs, firearms, and cash. The arrests were made by immigration agents in July and early August, in what authorities are calling a significant blow to the gang's operations. The MS-13 gang, also known as Mara Salvatrucha, has been responsible for a wave of violent crimes across the US, including murder, extortion, and drug trafficking. The gang is notorious for its brutality, and is involved in numerous ongoing turf wars with other gangs. The FBI has long called the MS-13 gang an "exceedingly violent" organization, and has been working with other agencies to dismantle its operations. In this latest sweep, authorities were able to arrest a significant number of the gang's members and associates, disrupting their operations and potentially preventing future crimes. Along with the arrests, federal agents also seized a substantial amount of drugs, firearms, and cash from the gang's operations. This haul included a large quantity of cocaine, heroin, and methamphetamine, as well as numerous firearms and ammunition. The bust was the result of a months-long investigation by multiple law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), and local police departments. The operation was aimed at disrupting the MS-13 gang's operations and preventing further violence and criminal activity. In a statement, Acting ICE Director Tae D. Johnson praised the efforts of the agents involved in the operation. "This operation has dealt a significant blow to MS-13's criminal enterprise," he said. "We will not rest until this violent gang is dismantled, and our communities are safe from their destructive influence." The arrests and seizures are a significant victory for law enforcement, and represent a major setback for the MS-13 gang. However, authorities caution that the gang remains a significant threat, and that further efforts will be needed to disrupt their operations and bring their members to justice. Overall, the sweep was a successful operation against MS-13 and demonstrates the federal government's commitment to combating gang violence and drug trafficking.