article: Athens, Greece (CNN) -- Greece is set to impose further austerity measures and a number of privatization plans in return for more international aid to avoid defaulting on its debt. The move comes after a 110 billion euro European Union, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund bailout last year has failed to cover the country's needs. The Greek prime minister, George Papandreou, was scheduled to present his government's plans to the Eurogroup chairman, Jean-Claude Juncker, in Luxembourg Friday. Papandreou was expected to give Juncker details on a medium-term fiscal plan that will aim to raise an extra 28 billion euros by 2015. Part of that money is expected to come from the sale of state assets. The plan also includes extra taxes for employees and pensioners. The additional measures come at a time when daily strikes and demonstrations are being held across Greece against existing plans. Thousands of people were in their tenth day of protest Friday at Athens' main square and there have been several outpourings of anger in recent days against ruling politicians by angry crowds. Friday morning a group of protesters from the communist-affiliated union PAME was holding a sit-in at the finance ministry, blocking entrance. Protesters also hung a banner at the ministry building calling for a general strike against additional measures. In a statement, protesters referred to the measures as "barbaric." Greece's main labor unions have called a general strike on June 15. The government has failed to achieve political consensus on its policy and there is opposition to additional measures within the ruling party, with a group in parliament asking for a full-party debate on the issue. A cabinet meeting was to be held before additional measures were announced. Greece was hoping to return to the markets to help fund its deficit but with borrowing costs being prohibitively high this has left Greece with very little negotiating power. Earlier this week, ratings agency Moody's cut its rating of Greece to one of the worst levels possible, only slightly above recently-defaulted Ecuador. Last week, the IMF threatened to veto the release of the latest 12 billion euro portion of Greece's existing rescue package because the country could not guarantee its solvency. Greece's creditors are were expected Friday to announce a decision on the release of that money.
highlights: The new measures call for extra taxes for employees and pensioners . Daily strikes and demonstrations are already common . Greece's main labor unions have called a general strike on June 15 .
id: 490d1776e6f63c18580ec7aed203e7f341be4548
chatgpt: Greece's ongoing economic struggles have led to a new wave of government measures that could further strain the country's employees and pensioners. The new policies call for extra taxes on these groups, which are already facing financial challenges.
 
As a result, daily strikes and demonstrations have become more common in Greece as people demand better treatment from the government. In response, the country's largest labor unions have now announced a general strike, which is set to take place on June 15th. The extra taxes are just the latest measure that Greece has taken to try and address its financial crisis. The country has already implemented significant spending cuts and tax hikes, but these measures have often hit ordinary citizens the hardest. With the announcement of even more taxes on workers and pensioners, frustration among the Greek people continues to grow. Greece has struggled financially ever since the global financial crisis began in 2008. In 2010, the country was forced to seek a bailout from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and its European partners. Since then, Greece has had to implement a series of austerity measures in order to meet the requirements of its creditors. However, these measures have put a strain on Greece's economy and its people. The unemployment rate remains high, topping 20% in 2020, and many Greeks have seen their incomes decrease significantly. The situation in Greece is also closely watched by the rest of the European Union. The country is a part of the eurozone, and any economic troubles that Greece experiences could have an impact on the entire region. The decision to call a general strike on June 15th highlights the deep frustration felt by Greece's workers and pensioners. The country's largest labor unions are hoping to send a message to the government that the current policies are unacceptable and that more needs to be done to protect the most vulnerable members of society. It remains to be seen whether the strike will have any impact on Greece's government or its creditors. However, it is clear that the country's economic challenges are far from over, and that ordinary Greeks will continue to bear the brunt of these difficulties.