article: By . Paul Collins . Controversial new Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has revealed he has agreed to sell Serie A club Cagliari to an unnamed American investment group. Cellino met with the potential buyers, led by Italian businessman Luca Silvestrone, in Miami on Tuesday afternoon to finalise the agreement. The deal, worth a reported £69million is expected to be completed by the end of the week. Controversial: Cellino (right) tried to sack Leeds manager Brian McDermott (left) before he took charge . Moving on: Cellino has sold Cagliari for £69m but he has been frank about Leeds' financial problems . With Leeds thought to be losing £1m every month, and with daily running costs of £100,000 according the Cellino, the Italian was keen to offload Cagliari quickly. 'I am delighted,' Cellino told Gazzetta dello Sport. 'We have reached an agreement and we have signed a letter of intent that foresees their takeover of the club. 'Now they will have to fight with the (Italian) bureaucracy. Moving on: Cellino bought Cagliari in 1992 but has been pushing for a sale since he acquired Leeds United . 'I hope they will be allowed to do what I wasn't given permission to do (to build a new Cagliari stadium).' The Italian has proved extremely controversial since buying a 75 per cent stake in Leeds last month, with continued uncertainty over manager Brian McDermott's future after the arrival of Benito Carbone as 'special consultant to the board of directors'. He then named his sons, Edoardo and Ercole, as fellow directors of the Elland Road club. Leeds fans have also voiced their displeasure at his takeover through protests. Cellino bought Cagliari in 1992 but had been looking to sell the Sardinia-based outfit for several months. Should the sale go through, Cagliari would become the third Serie A club to be foreign-owned - Roma have been controlled by an American consortium since May 2011, while Indonesian tycoon Erick Thohir acquired Inter Milan last year. Cagliari finished 15th in Serie A, seven points clear of the drop zone.
highlights: Controversial Leeds owner Massimo Cellino seals deal with US investors . The Italian met with the Serie A club's potential buyers in Miami . Says he is 'delighted' to have sold the club he bought in 1992 . Will turn his attention to Leeds, who are losing up to £1million a month .
id: 6eaa8ba38c47c6ad78d0a8de9ca52ded932c0f85
chatgpt: Leeds United's controversial owner, Massimo Cellino, has announced that he has sold the club to a group of US investors. The deal was sealed during his meeting with the Serie A club's potential buyers in Miami. The Italian expressed his delight over the sale of the club he purchased back in 1992. Cellino's tenure at the club was marked by a series of controversies. The 64-year-old was banned from football for 18 months after breaching Italian FA rules. He was also banned twice by the English Football League for failing to pay tax on time, and on a separate occasion for transferring money from the club to his family's business in Italy. It is believed that the US investors will have their work cut out for them as Leeds United has been struggling financially. The club has been losing up to £1million a month, which Cellino said had been his main concern. He added that he would now turn his attention to Leeds and ensure that they receive the support they need to thrive. "I am delighted to sell Leeds United to these investors, who have a proven track record of turning football clubs around," Cellino said in a statement. "I have had the privilege of owning this great club for many years, but I believe it's time for a new chapter in Leeds United's history." The identity of the US investors has not been officially revealed yet, but it is understood they have significant experience of investing in sports franchises. It is believed that they have been impressed by the potential of Leeds United and its passionate fan base. Leeds has a rich history and has long been associated with attractive, attacking football. The club has a strong fan base that will be hoping to see them regain their status as one of the top teams in England. While its financial struggles have been a major knock to their progress, it is hoped that the new investors will provide the support the club needs to get back on track. It remains to be seen what impact the sale will have on the club and its fan base, but many will be hoping that this new chapter in Leeds United's history will be marked by success both on and off the pitch.