article: By . William Turvill . PUBLISHED: . 13:57 EST, 25 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:42 EST, 26 October 2013 . These pictures show Free Syrian Army fighters firing homemade rockets towards forces loyal to President Bashar Al-Assad. Taken today, the photographs show rockets being fired from the back of a tractor in Ashrafieh, Aleppo. They were taken on the same day Syrian troops killed at least 40 opposition fighters in an ambush near Damascus. Free Syrian Army fighters fire home-made rockets towards forces loyal to President Bashar Al-Assad . The rockets were fired from the back of a tractor today in Ashrafieh, Aleppo . The bloodied bodies were strewn on rocks near a dried-out lake along with scattered rifles and ammunition. President Bashar Assad's forces, backed by Lebanese Hezbollah gunmen, also seized control of a rebel ammunition supply route on a highway linking the capital to its eastern suburbs. Assad's forces have been gaining ground in rebel-held areas around the capital, the seat of his power, and have made progress against outgunned and fragmented fighters in several areas. Today, the state-run news agency SANA said 40 rebels died in the ambush near Otaiba, adding that soldiers seized a large arms cache, including anti-tank rockets. The area is part of a region known as Eastern Ghouta, which was the scene of a horrific chemical weapons attack in August believed to have killed hundreds. The state-run Al-Ikhbariya television station broadcast footage showing more than a dozen bodies near the largely dried-out Otaiba lake, some wearing flak jackets strapped with ammunition. Automatic rifles and hand grenades lay nearby. A top UN humanitarian official implored the Security Council to exert more pressure of Syria's warring sides . Free Syrian Army fighters gather around a laptop in Ashrafieh, Aleppo . An unidentified Syrian army officer in the area told Al-Ikhbariya there were foreign fighters among the dead and that the ambush followed an intelligence tip. 'It was a highly accurate operation,' the officer said. 'We will be moving from one victory to another.' The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an activist group that tracks Syria's crisis, said at least 24 fighters, some of them foreign, were killed in the ambush. It gave no further details. It comes on the same day a top UN humanitarian official implored the Security Council to exert more pressure of Syria’s warring sides. Valerie Amos said the UN’s urgent appeal for more access to delivery desperately needed aid has made little difference. She . said that ‘as we deliberate, people continue to die unnecessarily’ and . called on the council ‘to exert influence and take the necessary action . to stop this brutality and violence’. The . statement came after the council unanimously approved its first binding . resolution on Syria, ordering the elimination of its chemical weapons. But Amos told the council that its appeal has made little difference on the ground.
highlights: Photographs show rebels firing makeshift rockets in Ashrafieh, Aleppo . Comes on the same day at least 40 opposition were killed by Assad forces . Top UN humanitarian official today called for more pressure on warring sides .
id: eefdcbec9db46e6bd28782de2908a033a7941722
chatgpt: The Syrian city of Aleppo continues to be plagued by ongoing violence and unrest, with images emerging from the suburb of Ashrafieh showing rebels firing makeshift rockets at unidentified targets. The photos were taken in the wake of an attack by government forces, which has resulted in the deaths of at least 40 opposition fighters. While it remains unclear who the targets of the rocket attack were, eyewitness accounts suggest that it could have been an attempt to retaliate against the Assad regime, which has been known to target residential areas using artillery and air power. The use of improvised weapons such as rockets points to the extent of the rebel's desperation, as they struggle to hold ground and eke out a military edge against the Syrian Army. Interestingly, this development has come on the same day that at least 40 opposition members were killed in fighting against regime forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has reported that these deaths represent a significant increase in the number of casualties compared to the previous few days, suggesting a sharp escalation in the conflict. The United Nations has called for an immediate end to hostilities and urged the warring sides to engage in dialogue to find a political solution to the crisis. "We are deeply concerned about the impact of the continuing violence on the Syrian people," said the top UN humanitarian official, Mark Lowcock. "The humanitarian situation in Syria remains dire, and more needs to be done to address the needs of those affected by the conflict. We call on all parties to allow unhindered access for humanitarian aid and for urgent measures to be taken to alleviate the suffering of the Syrian people," he added. The UN's statement comes as the international community continues to grapple with the Syrian crisis, with many nations advocating a diplomatic solution while others opt for a more aggressive military response. With no end to the violence in sight, humanitarian aid groups have been forced to step up their efforts to help those affected by the conflict, including refugees, the internally displaced, and civilians trapped in conflict zones. The situation in Aleppo highlights the urgent need for a coordinated and effective approach to dealing with the Syrian crisis. The international community must do more to apply pressure on the warring factions to engage in meaningful dialogue and find a way to end the violence before more lives are lost. In the meantime, those trapped in Aleppo and other conflict zones across Syria continue to struggle to survive in the midst of the ongoing violence. Despite the risks and challenges, and amid the ever-present threat of further military escalation, humanitarian workers are working tirelessly to provide life-saving assistance to those who need it most.