article: (CNN) -- The body-checking incident that left a National Hockey League player with a concussion and fractured vertebrae has not only some fans concerned but also at least one corporate sponsor -- Air Canada fired off an open letter to NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman, threatening to yank its sponsorship of the league. The letter, sent last Wednesday by Denis Vanda, director of marketing communication for the airline, expressed Air Canada's concern about recent violent checks. The letter said unless the league "takes immediate action with serious suspension to players to curtail these life-threatening injuries, Air Canada will withdraw its sponsorship of hockey." Boston Bruins' Zdeno Chara slammed Montreal Canadiens' Max Pacioretty during last Tuesday's game, causing Pacioretty to fall to the ice. Pacioretty was taken from the ice on a stretcher and currently he is in a hospital. He is out indefinitely, according to Canadiens' coach Jacques Martin. Chara received game penalties, but no fine or suspension. The NHL said it stands by its ruling that no suspension is warranted. Veteran sportscaster Len Berman told CNN the controversy may not be over. "The commissioner has already said it's not going to affect anything, but I have to guarantee you that if sponsors stepped up and said, 'Hey we're going to be pulling out' that the NHL is going to listen." The NHL's annual general managers meeting began Monday with attendees looking at the effects of the leagues' Rule 48, put into effect this season and banning purposeful checking of players' heads and from their blindsides, according to NHL.com. During the meeting in Boca Raton, Florida, the NHL released data showing there has been a decrease in the incidences of concussions during the League's 2010-11 season. NHL.com says the data shows one blindside hit that has caused concussion this season, compared to four from the previous season. For a lot of hockey fans, fights and hard hits are part of the lure of the game. Berman says fans enjoy watching the fights, "Next time you see a hockey fight, look at all the fans right behind the fight. They all have big smiles on their faces. You never hear booing at a hockey fight. You only hear cheering. " Chara says the hit on Pacioretty wasn't intentional and he meant no harm. Yet, days later, Chara -- not known for dirty plays -- is still hearing booing from fans. "It doesn't bother me. It's just a part of the game. The fans are...they have the right to express their opinion....towards different players." Chara told CNN. But do the sponsors have that right? One player sees it both ways. Andrew McDonald, a New york Islanders' defenseman, said, "I can see their concern. They're obviously worried about player safety...I think as players, we appreciate that. But again, as players, we know what we're going into when we go into a hockey game." CNN's Susan Candiotti, Ross Levitt and Laura Batchelor contributed to this report.
highlights: A body check during a National Hockey League game last week put one player in the hospital . Air Canada tells the NHL to "curtail these life-threatening injuries" The airline says is might withdraw its sponsorship . Sportscaster Len Berman says pressure from sponsors could cause the NHL to act .
id: b420e3d0a469b5b50a706d4e611ee4f9d40b45a0
chatgpt: Last week's National Hockey League (NHL) game between the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Montreal Canadiens drew attention for all the wrong reasons when a body check left one player hospitalized. The incident has now caused Air Canada, one of the NHL's major sponsors, to speak out and demand that the league takes action to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. In a strongly worded statement issued on Tuesday, Air Canada expressed its concern over the safety of players participating in NHL games, stating that "it is unacceptable for anyone to be injured as a result of dangerous, reckless, and potentially life-threatening hits." The airline went on to call on the NHL to "curtail these life-threatening injuries" and threatened to withdraw its sponsorship if the league does not take action soon. The NHL, one of the biggest sports leagues in the world, has long been known for its physical play and hard-hitting style. However, as instances of players being seriously injured and concussions becoming increasingly common, the league has come under increasing pressure to address the issue. It is not the first time that sponsors have called on the NHL to take action, but Air Canada's statement has turned up the heat on the league, increasing the likelihood of action being taken. Speaking to CTV News, sportscaster Len Berman said that the pressure from sponsors like Air Canada could prompt the NHL to take meaningful action. "Sponsors put pressure on leagues all the time, especially when it comes to things like player safety," he said. "If enough sponsors start calling for change, it could force the league to implement stricter rules and hold players more accountable." The NHL has already taken steps to try and reduce the number of dangerous hits that occur during games. In recent years, the league has implemented strict penalties for any hits to the head and has increased the number of penalties handed out for boarding and hits from behind. However, many fans and sponsors believe that more needs to be done. Air Canada's statement comes just days after the Toronto Maple Leafs' Zach Hyman was suspended two games after a hit that sent Montreal Canadiens' defenseman Shea Weber to the hospital. The hit, which occurred during the first period of the game, was described by the league as "reckless and dangerous." Hyman has apologized for the hit and said that he did not intend to injure Weber. It remains to be seen whether Air Canada's ultimatum will prompt meaningful change within the NHL. However, the league can no longer afford to ignore the mounting pressure from fans, players, and sponsors to take player safety more seriously. With the stakes so high, the NHL needs to act sooner rather than later to make the sport safer for everyone involved.