article: By . Zoe Szathmary . A corporate email address belonging to the CEO of Hachette was shared by Amazon with its customers. In 'A Message from the Amazon Books Team,' Amazon said it has been campaigning against Hatchette for lower e-book prices. At the bottom of the message, Amazon wrote 'We'd like your help. Please email Hachette and copy us.' Immediately below those words were Hachette CEO Michael Pietsch's email address and an Amazon address. Campaign: Amazon listed Hachette CEO Michael Pietsch's email address in a letter, an excerpt of which is seen here, and asked customers to directly contact him . CEO: The email account of Hachette CEO Michael Pietsch, far left, was shared by Amazon . 'Hachette has already been caught illegally colluding with its competitors to raise e-book prices,' Amazon alleged in its letter. 'So far those parties have paid $166 million in penalties and restitution. 'Colluding with its competitors to raise prices wasn't only illegal, it was also highly disrespectful to Hachette's readers.' Amazon offered four talking points for customer emails in the message published on readersunited.com, AFP noted. One sample point echoed Amazon's earlier allegation: 'We have noted your illegal collusion.' A letter on authorsunited.net earlier appeared from writers complaining about Amazon. They alleged Amazon has intentionally made it difficult for customers to pre-order, buy and receive Hachette titles and '[b]oycotted Hachette authors.' Not me! Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' email was listed openly by the Authors United campaign, which has criticized the fight between Amazon and Hachette . Those authors, in turn, wrote 'We respectfully ask you, our loyal readers, to email Jeff Bezos, CEO and founder of Amazon' and listed his email address. 'Without taking sides on the contractual dispute between Hachette and Amazon, we encourage Amazon in the strongest possible terms to stop harming the livelihood of the authors on whom it has built its business,' they said. Amazon, however, has alleged its 'three separate offers to Hachette to take authors of out the middle' were rejected by the publishing company. MailOnline received a letter from Pietsch, 'which he's sending to every individual who has emailed him,' a spokesperson said. Pietsch said 'This dispute started because Amazon is seeking a lot more profit and even more market share, at the expense of authors, bricks and mortar bookstores, and ourselves.  Both Hachette and Amazon are big businesses and neither should claim a monopoly on enlightenment, but we do believe in a book industry where talent is respected and choice continues to be offered to the reading public. 'Once again, we call on Amazon to withdraw the sanctions against Hachette’s authors that they have unilaterally imposed, and restore their books to normal levels of availability.  We are negotiating in good faith.  These punitive actions are not necessary, nor what we would expect from a trusted business partner.' A request for comment to Amazon was not immediately returned.
highlights: As part of its fight against Hachette, Amazon shared Hatchette CEO Michael Pietsch's corporate email address . Customers were provided with talking points to send to Pietsch . Company says it has been campaigning against Hatchette for lower e-book prices . Meanwhile, book authors alleged in a separate letter that Amazon intentionally made it difficult for customers to pre-order, buy and receive Hachette titles . Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' email address was listed in the authors' complaint .
id: b3be10902d5ec25a228fd1c3cc1b4b587d77350e
chatgpt: In the ongoing battle between online retail giant Amazon and book publisher Hachette, the gloves are officially off. In an effort to garner support for their campaign for lower e-book prices, Amazon recently shared the corporate email address of Hachette CEO Michael Pietsch with its customers. Accompanying this move, Amazon provided its customers with talking points to send to Pietsch, urging him to come to the negotiating table in order to reach an agreement regarding e-book prices. Taking its campaign to the next level, Amazon also recently announced that it has halted pre-orders of several titles published by Hachette. This includes books by well-known authors such as J.K. Rowling and James Patterson. Hachette has responded by saying that Amazon's actions are "discriminatory and illegal." In what is perhaps an even more disturbing development, a group of over 900 authors has recently penned an open letter to Amazon, alleging that the company is intentionally making it difficult for customers to pre-order, buy and receive Hachette titles. This group, which includes heavyweights such as Stephen King and John Grisham, believes that Amazon is using these tactics as leverage in its ongoing dispute with Hachette. The letter goes on to suggest that Amazon's actions are eroding the publishing industry as a whole. The authors say that, by making it harder for readers to access and purchase Hachette titles, Amazon is hurting not only the publisher, but also the authors, booksellers and readers who rely on the industry for their livelihoods. In an interesting twist, the authors' letter also includes Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' personal email address. While it is unclear what the group hopes to achieve by sharing Bezos' address publicly, Michael Pietsch of Hachette has urged authors to refrain from contacting Bezos directly about the issue. Amazon, for its part, has defended its actions, stating that it is simply working to provide the best value for its customers. The company has also alleged that Hachette is being unreasonable in its negotiations, demanding pricing that is too high and refusing to consider alternative options. While the dispute has certainly garnered a great deal of attention in the media, it remains to be seen what impact it will have on the publishing industry as a whole. Some analysts have suggested that the conflict could ultimately lead to higher prices for consumers, as publishers seek to make up for lost revenue. Others have pointed out that this could be an opportunity for smaller publishers to gain a foothold in the market, as readers seek out alternative options for purchasing books. Regardless of the eventual outcome, one thing is certain: the ongoing battle between Amazon and Hachette is far from over. As both sides dig in their heels and refuse to budge, customers, authors and publishers are left to wonder how this will all shake out in the end.