article: By . Paul Thompson . PUBLISHED: . 15:03 EST, 12 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:08 EST, 12 September 2013 . A fake TV producer who boasted of friendships with Johnny Depp and Jennifer Lopez is alleged to have cheated businesses out of thousands of dollars to fund a lavish lifestyle. Jessie Alexander, of Miami, Florida, told business owners in Palm Beach that she worked for FOX 29 and was making a TV special that would get them publicity for a one time fee of $3,500. The 41-year-old allegedly spent the cash she raised on spa treatments, staying in luxury hotels and shopping sprees. Jessie Alexander (left) pictured with Ben Affleck and a girlfriend at the Beverly Hills Hotel in January . She was arrested on Tuesday and charged with fraud but was released from jail on Wednesday. Alexander has previously faced charges including burglary, prostitution and battery, dating back to 1990, according to the Sun Sentinel newspaper . Investigators said Alexander claimed she was making a show called Best of Palm Beaches to air in May 2013 - but no such program ever aired on TV. On her LinkedIn page Alexander claims to have worked on national TV shows with actors such as Johnny Depp and Jennifer Lopez. None of the claims could be verified by police who arrested her after complaints from several business owners. Jessie posted pictures of herself with Bradley Cooper (left) and Mel Gibson (right) on her Facebook page . THe 41-year-old is from Miami, Florida, but conducted her alleged scam in Palm Beach . Police said the scheme was unusual and elaborate. 'This was not a low-caliber scam,' said Palm Beach police spokesman Fred Hess. 'This was somebody who was going after the big bucks.' According to police Alexander, who uses other aliases, claimed she was a producer from the local Fox 29 TV station and working for a PR company. Jessie, 41, was arrested and charged with fraud but released from jail (mugshot pictured) She charged businesses $3,500 to appear in her TV special. At least eight companies paid the money, and although short videos appeared on YouTube, none were featured on TV. When they approached Alexander for a refund they were told the TV shot had been pushed back due to scheduling conflicts. One woman who contacted the PR firm she claimed to work for, Love PR, was told more time was needed. Police began investigating after complaints from business owners. Fox TV confirmed Alexander did not work for them. A review of Alexander's bank account showed the money had been spent on spas, shopping sprees and hotels. Alexander has refused to comment after being released from jail having been charged with fraud. Police believe there could be other victims who hare too embarrassed to admit they have been conned. Jessie has previous records of prostitution, burglary and battery .
highlights: Jessie Alexander, of Miami, claimed she worked for FOX 29 . She was arrested for fraud but released from jail . She has past charges for prostitution, burglary and batter from the '90s .
id: bf40daeddb0b86f8b80fcfaa743523827f82fe9e
chatgpt: Miami resident Jessie Alexander was recently arrested on charges of fraud, claiming to have worked for FOX 29 news station. However, Alexander was released from jail shortly after her arrest. This is not the first time Alexander has been in trouble with the law- she has past charges for prostitution, burglary, and battery dating back to the '90s. According to reports, Alexander had been going around town pretending to work for FOX 29 news, claiming to be a producer for the station. She even went so far as to purchase a camera and equipment to make her ruse look more convincing. However, when FOX 29 was contacted about her claims, they had no knowledge of her or her work. The authorities were notified of Alexander's fraudulent behavior and, upon investigation, discovered that she had been scamming people out of their money. It is unclear how long Alexander had been perpetuating this scheme. However, upon her arrest, she was charged with fraud and taken to jail, but was later released. Alexander has had numerous run-ins with the law in the past. In the '90s, she was charged with prostitution, burglary, and battery- all of which resulted in convictions. It is not known how these previous convictions have impacted her current legal situation. This latest incident serves as a reminder to be cautious when doing business with strangers, especially those claiming to be associated with reputable organizations or companies. It is always best to do your research and ensure that the person you are dealing with is, in fact, who they claim to be. The news of Alexander's fraudulent behavior and past legal troubles has garnered attention from both the media and the public. Many are questioning how someone with such a troubled past could continue to commit crimes and get away with it for so long. In response to these concerns, law enforcement has assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to ensure that those who break the law are held accountable for their actions. They urge anyone who has been a victim of fraud or other crimes to come forward and report it. As for Alexander, her future remains uncertain. With a lengthy criminal record and a new fraud charge, it is likely that she will face significant legal repercussions. In the meantime, this incident serves as a warning to those who may be tempted to engage in fraudulent behavior- it is not worth the risk of being caught and facing the consequences. The best course of action is to always be honest and transparent in all dealings, both personal and professional.