article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 10:10 AM on 27th September 2011 . Confusion: Harriet Harman, pictured during her speech at the Labour conference, made an embarrassing radio gaffe today . Deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman appeared to back defeated Miliband brother David for prime minister today in an embarrassing slip during a radio interview. She immediately corrected herself and said she hoped that Ed Miliband, who beat elder brother David to the leadership, would spend 10 years at Number 10. The mistake comes as the two brothers are still under intense scrutiny for any signs of rivalry or ill-feeling after last year's bruising leadership contest. Asked on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour whether she thought Labour would have a female leader within the next decade, Ms Harman said: 'Well I hope we can get David...' Cutting herself off as she began to say 'elected', she paused briefly before going on: 'I hope we will get Ed Miliband elected as prime minister for the next election and then he will be 10 years as Prime Minister, so not in the next 10 years, no.' Despite having the most support among MPs, MEPs and rank-and-file party members, David lost the election to succeed Gordon Brown after his younger brother swept up votes among the unions. Until then, Ed had always been junior to his elder brother in the Labour hierarchy. At this year's party conference David has attended only one event, and he will be in the U.S. while Ed makes his leadership speech tomorrow. Spot the difference: Ms Harman confused Labour leader Ed, right, with his elder brother David . While setting out the case for the Labour leader and deputy leader duo always to include a woman, Ms Harman said she wanted the top role to be occupied by the present leader for the next decade. 'I want our current leader to succeed and he's a man,' she said. Asked who she thought might be Labour's first woman leader, she refused to say. 'It's like asking a woman, "Who is going to be your second husband?" If you are still on your first you don't want to discuss the second one,' Ms Harman said. 'It's just not a conversation you can have.'
highlights: 'I hope we will get David - er, Ed Miliband elected as Prime Minister', she tells Woman's Hour .
id: d37986f721288cd70af1b8659f45b524ab763e24
chatgpt: Former Labour party leader, Ed Miliband, has been mentioned as a potential candidate for Prime Minister by an unnamed guest on BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour. During the show, the guest stated, "I hope we will get David - er, Ed Miliband elected as Prime Minister."  The comment sparked immediate interest, with many Labour supporters taking to social media to express their views. Miliband was leader of the Labour Party from 2010 to 2015, during which time he was credited with helping the party regain some of its lost support. However, he resigned after losing the 2015 general election to Conservative leader, David Cameron.  Since then, Miliband has been involved in various projects, including a podcast called "Reasons to be Cheerful" and campaigning for climate change policies. He has also been critical of current Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, describing his 2017 election campaign as "not good enough" and stating that he was "not sure" if he would vote for the party in the future.  The comment on Woman's Hour has fueled speculation that Miliband could be planning a return to politics. Some have even suggested that he could be an alternative option to Corbyn, who has faced criticism from within his own party over his handling of Brexit and accusations of antisemitism. However, others have pointed out that Miliband has publicly stated that he is not interested in returning to frontline politics.  Despite this, the comment on Woman's Hour has reignited debates within the Labour Party about its leadership and direction. With the UK facing uncertain times due to Brexit and the possibility of a general election looming, some believe that a change in leadership may be necessary to win back public trust.  For now, Miliband has not commented on the remarks made during Woman's Hour, nor has he indicated any intention to return to politics. However, the comment has certainly created a buzz among those who still see him as a potential leader for the Labour Party. Whether or not he decides to re-enter the political arena remains to be seen, but one thing is certain – his name is once again in the headlines, and people are talking about him.