article: Comedian Andy Zaltzman, pictured, made a joke on Radio 5 Live suggesting there could be a referendum about whether the Queen should be beheaded . A guest on BBC radio made an 'outrageous' joke live on air suggesting there should be a referendum to decide whether the Queen should be beheaded. The shocking comment was made by comedian Andy Zaltzman  during the Christian O'Connell Manifesto show on Radio 5 Live. The remark, played out live at 10am on Saturday, came after the high-profile beheadings of three hostages by ISIS militants and prompted a number of complaints to the broadcaster. A video showing the beheading of Scottish aid worker David Haines - the third western and the first Briton to be beheaded by the extremists - was released on September 14. The first victim, US journalist James Foley, was murdered in a video released on 19 August. Weeks later, a video showing the beheading of Steven Sotloff was also released by the Jihadist group. Another Briton, journalist John Cantlie, is still being held hostage by the militants. Zaltzman - described at the start of the show as a 'super satirist' - was one of three guests who were invited on the show to discuss the independence vote in Scotland. The debate, which also included presenter Dougie Anderson and comedian Lucy Beaumont, involved Mr O'Connell - who also presents a show on Absolute Radio - asking the guests what else there could be referendums about. Zaltzman suggested a vote on whether the Queen should be beheaded. The excerpt has been removed from the repeat of the show on BBC's iPlayer. Listener Becky Robbins, from London, said: 'It was a completely outrageous thing to say, it really is shocking. 'It not only shows a complete lack of respect for the Queen but jokes about beheadings are also insensitive and totally inappropriate. The timing could not be worse. 'This was a live broadcast on a Saturday morning. The BBC really needs to look at itself and take much more care.' A blurb about the show on the BBC states that the presenter and his guests 'rant, cajole, debates and discuss how to make things better, tearing up rules and inventing new ones along the way'. The comment was made on the Christian O'Connell Manifesto, a hour-long show presented by Mr O'Connell, pictured, at 10am on a Saturday . It adds: 'This week's Manifesto is a Scottish independence referendum special - now the results are in, how can we make Scotland better?' After the incident, a BBC spokesman said: 'The Christian O'Connell Manifesto is a light-hearted entertainment programme. 'The comment was made by a guest - comedian Andy Zaltzman - and we have received five complaints.'
highlights: Andy Zaltzman made joke on Radio 5 Live's Christian O'Connell Manifesto . Remark aired at 10am on Saturday during debate on Scottish independence . Comes after recent beheadings of three western hostages by ISIS militants . Repeat of show is still available on iPlayer but excerpt has been removed .
id: c150c45363d550462619fb5010640fc518a0310b
chatgpt: Comedian Andy Zaltzman made a controversial joke during a live broadcast of Radio 5 Live's Christian O'Connell Manifesto on Saturday morning. The remark caught the attention of listeners as it was made during a heated debate on the issue of Scottish independence. The comment, which has since been deleted, came just days after the brutal beheading of three Western hostages by ISIS militants in Syria. While there is no indication that Zaltzman's joke was related to the tragic events, its timing could not have been more insensitive. The radio broadcast was discussing the ongoing debate surrounding Scottish independence when Zaltzman made the tasteless joke. The exact details of the joke have not been revealed, but it was enough to prompt BBC editors to remove the excerpt from the show. Listeners to the show have been left divided by Zaltzman's comment. Some have labelled it as a deliberate attention-grabbing move by the comedian, while others have expressed outrage at the insensitivity of the joke. The BBC has yet to comment on the controversy, but the fact that the excerpt has been removed from the show highlights the seriousness of the situation. It is not clear whether Zaltzman will face any disciplinary action as a result of his comments. The comedian has a reputation for pushing the boundaries with his humor, but this latest incident has left many questioning whether he has gone too far. The beheading of three Western hostages by ISIS has shocked the world, and any attempt to make light of the situation is likely to be met with criticism. Some have suggested that Zaltzman may have been attempting to make a point about freedom of speech and the limits of comedy in the modern world. However, the fact remains that his comments were made at a particularly sensitive time and have caused offense to many. The debate surrounding Scottish independence is a heated one, with strong opinions on both sides. Zaltzman's comments have distracted from the issue and turned attention onto the controversy surrounding his own behavior. It remains to be seen whether he will make a public apology for his remarks. The incident highlights the challenges faced by comedians in the modern world. While freedom of speech is a fundamental right, it is important to consider the sensitivity of different issues and the potential impact that jokes can have. Zaltzman's comment has shown that humor can be a powerful tool, but it can also cause offense if not used wisely.