article: Manchester United haven't made a flying start to life under Louis van Gaal, but that hasn't stopped some of his players from attempting to soar high. Judged by club vice-captain Darren Fletcher, nine of his Red Devils team-mates - including Angel di Maria, Ander Herrera and Michael Carrick - took part in a three-minute painting challenge where they had to replicate the look of a toy model Russian Aeroflot plane. The 'artistic' trio competed against the efforts of David de Gea, Ashley Young, Anderson, Ben Amos, James Wilson and Jesse Lingard with the nine players all producing mixed results on the canvas. VIDEO Scroll down to see some of Manchester United's first team in the painting challenge . Angel di Maria (right) took part in a three-minute painting challenge alongside club team-mate Ben Amos . The Manchester United duo were joined by David de Gea (left), Ander Herrera (centre) and Michael Carrick . James Wilson, Anderson and Jesse Lingard (left to right) also tried to replicate the design of an Aeroflot plane . Ashley Young (right) was all smiles as he demonstrated his artistic skills with a paintbrush . The players were judged by team-mate and club vice-captain Darren Fletcher . Much maligned midfielder Anderson's form on-the-pitch was duplicated off it with Fletcher far from impressed with his painting, while summer signing Herrera pipped Carrick and Di Maria to winning first prize. While the players were in a jovial mood as they attempted the challenge, they will be looking to get back to serious matters when they travel to London to face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Victory for the Old Trafford outfit would see them leapfrog Arsenal in the table - with both clubs languishing 12 and 13 points behind runaway league leaders Chelsea after 11 matches of the season so far. Herrera won the competition ahead of Carrick and Di Maria who came second and third respectively . Jesse Lingard's effort was one of the worst paintings from the nine members of the Red Devils squad .
highlights: Manchester United midfielders Michael Carrick, Ashley Young and Anderson also took part in challenge . Judged by Darren Fletcher, players were given three minutes to try and replicate a toy model Russian Aeroflot plane . Ben Amos, Jesse Lingard and James Wilson also took to the canvas .
id: 8417a12e2324186f97761a3f160e30e5235ecb10
chatgpt: Manchester United midfielders Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, and Anderson recently participated in a unique challenge, along with other players from the team. The challenge involved attempting to replicate a toy model of a Russian Aeroflot plane, and the competition was judged by former United player Darren Fletcher. Besides Carrick, Young, and Anderson, other players like Ben Amos, Jesse Lingard, and James Wilson also took part in the exciting challenge. All the participants were given a total of three minutes to produce their best replication of the toy model. The competition took place in a relaxed atmosphere, with the players showing off their artistic talents on a canvas using paints and brushes. The challenge demonstrated that the players had more than just football skills and showcased their hidden creative sides. The creativity challenge was primarily organized to bring players together and cultivate teamwork and collaboration among the Manchester United squad. The event was also designed to help players relax after a long and competitive season with some fun and enjoyable off-field activities. After all the players had submitted their entries, Darren Fletcher, who is currently the technical director of the Scottish national team, judged the artworks. The Scottish former midfielder was once a teammate of some of the players on the United squad, including Carrick. Although the event was intended just for fun, it showed the team spirit among the players of Manchester United. Events like these are imperative in building strong team cohesion and improving communication between team members, which are critical elements necessary for success on the pitch. Overall, the challenge provided a much-needed break to the players after a grueling season, presenting them an opportunity to unwind and participate in enjoyable activities outside of the conventional training regime. Such events such as this will undoubtedly help the team remain relaxed and motivated, which could lead to better performance on the pitch. In conclusion, the creativity challenge undertaken by the Manchester United midfielders and other team members provided a perfect opportunity for team-building and camaraderie among the players. Besides showcasing their hidden creative sides, the competition also demonstrated the soul of Manchester United- - team spirit and camaraderie, and the determination to succeed.