article: By . Associated Press and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:34 EST, 21 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:34 EST, 21 November 2013 . Angelcare Monitors Inc. is voluntarily recalling 600,000 baby monitors following the death of two infants due to strangulation. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said Thursday that a cord attached to the sensor pad, which is placed under the crib mattress to monitor movement, poses a strangulation risk if the child pulls the cord into the crib. Two infants have died from cord strangulation deaths with this product and two more have reportedly been entangled, but not fatally. Recalled: 600,000 baby monitors have been recalled after two babies died from strangulation by AngelCare baby monitor cords . The Angelcare Movement and Sound Monitors with Sensor Pads were sold between 1999 and 2013 for between $100 and $300 at a number of U.S. retailers, including Babies R Us, Toys R Us, Burlington Coat Factory, Meijer, Sears, Walmart, Amazon.com, Target.com, Overstock.com and nearly 70 small baby specialty stores. Consumers should stop using the product and contact the company for a repair kit. The recall involves all versions of Angelcare sensor monitors including model numbers: AC1100, AC201, AC300, AC401 AC601 and 49255 that did not include rigid cord covers. The model number is located on the back of the nursery monitor unit. Unsafe: The CPSC reports that industr-ywide there have been eight reports of strangulation from baby monitor cords since 2002 . Angelcare, based in Canada, is providing consumers with a repair kit that includes rigid protective cord covers, through which the sensor pad cords can be threaded, as well as a new electric cord warning label and revised instructions. The CPSC said that industry-wide there have been eight reports of strangulation in baby monitor cords since 2002. Write caption here . The first death occurred in August 2004 in Salem, Oregon when an eight-month-old girl was strangled. The second occurred in 2011, when 13-month-old Vincenza Marie Porretta died in San Diego, California after her mother found her with the cord of the monitor wrapped so tightly around her neck that she had trouble removing it. Both babies died after pulling the cord from the sensor pad into their cribs.
highlights: Angelcare is recalling 600,000 baby monitors after two babies died of strangulation . The cord attached to the sensor can be pulled into the crib by the baby . Two more babies have become entangled in the monitors' cords, though not fatally . The company is supplying a repair kit to customers to fix the problem .
id: ca86e1d32556265ee9e3b84da003c89ad4ff7ee8
chatgpt: Angelcare has announced a recall of around 600,000 baby monitors, following incidents of children being strangled by the cord attached to the sensor. The recall comes after two infants tragically died from the cord being pulled into their crib. Two further children have become entangled in the monitors' cords, but were fortunately not harmed. The issue arises when the baby manages to pull the cord into their crib, posing a serious risk of strangulation. The Canadian based company, known for their baby monitors, is supplying a repair kit to customers to fix the problem. The kit contains a new cord cover and a warning label to help prevent further incidents. The company has advised parents to keep the monitor at least three feet from the crib to reduce the risk of the cord being pulled into the crib. They have also urged parents to ensure the cord is secured tightly and kept out of reach of the baby. Angelcare is taking the situation extremely seriously and has issued a statement apologizing for the harm caused to the families affected. They have acknowledged the severity of the issue and are working closely with the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to manage the recall. The CPSC has also issued a statement advising parents to immediately stop using the product and to contact Angelcare for a free repair kit. The affected monitor models include the Angelcare Movement and Sound Monitor (AC1100), the Angelcare Movement Monitor (AC300), and the Angelcare Video with Movement Monitor (AC310, AC315 and AC320). The company has emphasized that the recall is a voluntary precautionary measure, and that they have not received any reports of incidents outside of the United States and Canada. They have urged parents to continue to use the monitors with caution, following the provided instructions and ensuring the product is set up safely. As parents all around the world rely on baby monitors as a crucial a part of baby care, this recall serves as a much needed reminder to remain vigilant in the safety and set up the technology we use to ensure the protection of our children. Angelcare's move of recalling the product voluntarily is a step in the right direction, and it is hoped that the steps taken will help prevent future incidents and keep infants safe.