article: Luis Suarez will take another step towards winning the race to be fit to face England at the World Cup on Monday when he trains with team-mates. The Liverpool striker is not expected to take part in the full session but for the first time since going under the knife for surgery on the meniscus cartilage he will run out with team-mates at Uruguay’s Montevideo training camp. The 31-goal Golden Boot was operated on 11 days ago and has been doing intensive physiotherapy at home ever since. He gave Uruguay’s football-crazy 3 million population a major boost on Friday when he strolled into the national team’s World Cup training base to have lunch with his team-mates. Setback: Luis Suarez had to undergo knee surgery in Montevideo on May 22 to repair a meniscus . Melee: Journalists, photographers and fans scrambled around Suarez as he left hospital after his operation . He then went . home to watch their 1-0 win over Northern Ireland in the Centenario . Stadium where they face Slovenia in their final friendly on Wednesday. Uruguay . coach Oscar Tabarez is adamant that he will not rush back the country’s . best player. After the narrow victory over Northern Ireland he said: . 'Luis will join up with the rest of the squad this week and depending on . how his knee responds we will see how soon we can count on him to start . a match.' On the touchline: Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez watches his side take on Northern Ireland on Saturday . On target: Uruguay's Christian Stuani (right) celebrates with Egidio Arevalo after scoring on Saturday . Uruguay . are expected to not start with Suarez in their first game against Costa . Rica but then welcome him back for their second match against England. Tabarez remains tight-lipped about who will play in his place in the . first game. He . said: 'People are saying "[Diego] Forlan will replace Suarez" but . nothing is decided. We will not decide the eleven to face Costa Rica . until the day before the game.'
highlights: The Uruguay striker will run out with team-mates at Uruguay's Montevideo training camp . Suarez has been doing intensive physiotherapy at home since his knee operation 11 days ago . Suarez is hoping to be fit for the World Cup match against England on June 19 .
id: 629960e6846b7f9653f7de36654389f82ccb3d2e
chatgpt: Uruguay's star striker, Luis Suarez, has taken to the pitch for the first time since his injury in a training session at the team's Montevideo base. Suarez, who underwent knee surgery just 11 days ago, has been taking part in intensive physiotherapy at home in an effort to be fit for Uruguay's crucial World Cup match against England on June 19. The 31-year-old was quick to show he still has his sharp shooting skills, scoring a number of goals during the training session. The sight of Suarez back in training will no doubt give a boost to Uruguay's World Cup campaign, with many fans hoping that he will be fit for the clash against England. Speaking to reporters after the training session, Suarez expressed his excitement at being back on the pitch with his team-mates. "It feels great to be back out there with the guys," he said. "I've been working hard at home to get fit and I'm feeling good. I still have some work to do, but I'm confident that I'll be ready for the England match." Uruguay's coach, Oscar Tabarez, has been closely monitoring Suarez's recovery and is pleased with the progress he has made so far. "Luis is an important player for us and we're doing everything we can to make sure he's fit for the World Cup," said Tabarez. "He's been working hard and showing a lot of dedication to his recovery, so we're confident he'll be ready when we need him." Suarez's injury came as a huge blow to Uruguay's World Cup hopes, with many experts predicting that his absence could derail the team's chances in Russia. However, Suarez is determined to make a full recovery and help his team go all the way. Uruguay will face Switzerland, Saudi Arabia, and Russia in their group games before the crucial match against England on June 19. Fans will be eagerly watching to see if Suarez progresses enough to be included in the starting lineup, which would no doubt worry England's defence.