article: Newcastle's record goalscorer Alan Shearer fears his old club will spend the entire season in a relegation dogfight. One of the Magpies' favourite sons is dismayed to see his boyhood team in the Barclays Premier League's bottom three already and without a top-flight win since May. Manager Alan Pardew is due to take charge of the 700th game of his managerial career against Leicester this weekend but has come under heavy criticism from certain sections of the Newcastle support, as has the club's owner Mike Ashley. Alan Pardew's Newcastle side are third bottom of the Premier League and without a league win since May . Shearer, who was speaking at Manchester's National Football Museum where he was being inducted into the English Hall of Fame, does not see a light at the end of tunnel for his old club and thinks the remainder of the campaign could be spent in the top flight's lower reaches too. 'I think it will be a long, hard season for Newcastle with the way they've started off,' he said. 'Hopefully Papiss Cisse will be able to start games, if not on Saturday then shortly after that, because it looks like he's the only one who can score goals for them. 'They've been on a tough run since January and their form has been pretty poor. They need results and they need them quick. Papiss Cisse is one of the few Newcastle players currently on a good run of form for the club . 'They've sold a lot of their top players over the past few years, which obviously doesn't help, and the atmosphere isn't very good at St James' Park at the moment. 'We just hope that it can change against Leicester on Saturday.' There has been much finger-pointing in the north-east with regards to where the biggest portion of blame should lie. Newcastle fan Shearer played on Tyneside for a decade and had a short stint as a manager so is better placed than most to judge where the crux of the problem is. Alan Shearer lamented the sale of so many of Newcastle's best players in recent seasons . He believes selling their best players year on year is finally catching up with them. Mathieu Debuchy, Yohan Cabaye and Demba Ba were the latest players to depart the club in recent seasons, and Shearer added: 'It doesn't help when you sell your best players; that's stating the obvious. 'It also doesn't help when you're on a poor run and confidence is very, very low. 'The sooner they can get a win this season it will stop everyone talking about them trying to get their first one. They need to do it and they need to do it quickly.'
highlights: Newcastle are currently in the relegation zone of the Premier League . Alan Pardew's men are without a league win since May . Alan Shearer says it will be a long, hard season for Newcastle .
id: eb1b2a565fedabfb6a062332bf9ea31a362afb0f
chatgpt: Newcastle United's struggles in this Premier League season continued over the weekend, as they suffered a 2-0 defeat at the hands of Aston Villa. The result saw them drop down to the relegation zone, with just two points from their opening five games. In fact, Newcastle are yet to register a single win in the league since May, which has left many fans and pundits questioning the direction the club is headed in. The Magpies looked devoid of any creativity, and their defensive frailties were once again exposed against Aston Villa. While they did hit the woodwork twice, it was a performance that left a lot to be desired. The result prompted former Newcastle United striker, Alan Shearer, to admit that he is worried for the club's future. In a post-match interview, Shearer said, "It's going to be a long, hard season for Newcastle. They are in the relegation zone, and they are struggling to score goals. They need to find some form, and fast if they want to turn their season around." Shearer's worries are not unfounded, as Newcastle have scored just four goals in their opening five fixtures. Manager Alan Pardew has to find a solution to this problem fast or risk alienating the Geordie faithful, who have already grown tired of his excuses. Pardew, however, remains adamant that his side can turn things around. In his post-match interview, Pardew said, "We are a good team, and we know what we need to do to turn things around. We have a lot of talented players in our squad, and I'm confident that they will come good." Despite Pardew's confidence, the reality is that Newcastle's current form is a cause for concern. With the likes of Hull City, Crystal Palace and Burnley all finding a way to win games, it's difficult to see where Newcastle's next victory will come from. They have some tough fixtures coming up, including games against Manchester City, Tottenham and Liverpool, and they will need to dig deep if they want to come away with any points from these matches. The fans will hope that the return of star striker Papiss Cisse, who is set to return from injury soon, will be a catalyst for a change in fortunes. Cisse has been one of Newcastle's most consistent players over the past few seasons and his return will be a massive boost for the team. However, it remains to be seen whether he can single-handedly turn around Newcastle's fortunes. In conclusion, Newcastle United are in a precarious position in the Premier League, and their lack of form is a cause for concern. They have some talented players in their squad, but they need to find a way to click as a team if they want to avoid relegation. The return of Papiss Cisse may provide a short-term fix, but ultimately, it will be up to Alan Pardew and his coaching staff to turn things around before it's too late.