article: By . Mail Online Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:26 EST, 15 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:38 EST, 16 December 2013 . Princess Beatrice attended a basketball game at Madison Square Garden yesterday, where she watched the Atlanta Hawks take on the New York Knicks. But the Duchess of York's daughter didn't appear to enjoy her experience of the American basketball match. Sitting next to Gossip Girl actress Michelle Trachtenberg, 28, the British royal, 23, tapped her feet and covered her face with her hands as she looked on. Princess Eugenie at the Atlanta Hawks vs New York Knicks game at Madison Square Garden yesterday . But her sombre appearance may be down to her missing loved ones back in Britain. Eugenie is now almost three months into a new job with online auction house in Manhattan. She is separated for the first time from her family and long-term . boyfriend Jack Brooksbank, 27, and friends say she was initially . apprehensive about the move, as she had few close friends in the city. But Jack, who visited Eugenie in October, says despite the 3,500 miles between them the couple speak to each other as often as ever. 'We spend a lot of time on Skype,' he says. 'It's great. We are still very much together.' Eugenie is based . in a stylish apartment in the trendy Meatpacking District of Manhattan . and is now said to be 'making the most' of her time in New York. Eugenie, far right, who has recently moved to New York, doesn't appear to be in happy spirits . Michelle Trachtenberg poses for a photo as Eugenie clings on to her phone . Eugenie, clutching on to her leg and phone, appears to be sitting alone at the basketball game . The princess watched the New York Knicks play the Atlanta Hawks at Madison Square Garden . But . while she she was dressed impeccably in a chic embellished jumper, the . Royal appeared uncomfortable and out of place among the otherwise . cheerful crowd at the game. Gossip Girl star Michelle Trachtenberg laughed and joked with her companion as she posed for pictures. Meanwhile, affectionate couple . Olivia Munn and Joel Kinnaman wrapped their arms around each other as . they sat courtside. A cheerful Christie Brinkley also attended the match with her son. Olivia Munn and Joel . Kinnaman wrapped their arms around each other as they sat courtside . Christie Brinkley took a picture of herself and son Jack Taubman as they attended the game at MSG . Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank at a screening of The Dark Knight Rises in July 2012 .
highlights: Princess Beatrice, 23, recently started a job in Manhattan . Attended New York Knicks vs. Atlanta Hawks game yesterday .
id: 884e20144c997e7dceeeae51496e234a0c799f87
chatgpt: Princess Beatrice of York, the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, has started a new chapter in her life with a move to New York City. The young royal has recently taken up a job in Manhattan, and was spotted attending a celebrity-filled basketball game at Madison Square Garden yesterday. According to reports, Princess Beatrice is working in a finance role in the city, though the details of her specific job have not been confirmed. She is said to be enjoying her new role and the opportunity to live and work in New York. Yesterday, Princess Beatrice took some time off from her new job to attend the New York Knicks vs. Atlanta Hawks game. She was seen sitting courtside, alongside some of Hollywood's biggest names, including rapper Common and actor Chris Rock. The young royal looked happy and relaxed as she enjoyed the game, dressed casually in jeans and a black coat. She was spotted cheering on both teams and engaged in conversation with her fellow attendees. Princess Beatrice's move to New York has been highly publicized, given her royal status and connection to the British monarchy. It's not uncommon for young royals to take on non-traditional roles and pursue careers outside of the royal family. Prince William, for example, worked as a helicopter pilot before becoming a full-time royal, while Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice both have jobs outside of their royal duties. While it's not clear how long Princess Beatrice will be living in New York or working in her current role, it's clear that she is embracing the opportunity to explore new opportunities and experiences. Her attendance at yesterday's game was just one example of how she is living life to the fullest in her new city. Despite being a member of one of the world's most famous families, Princess Beatrice is known for her down-to-earth personality and desire to live a normal life. Her move to New York is just another step in her journey towards independence and personal growth. As Princess Beatrice continues to build her career in New York, it will be interesting to see how she balances her work commitments with her royal duties and public profile. For now, she seems to be enjoying the best of both worlds, embracing her new job and still finding time to take in some of the city's most exciting events.