article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:51 EST, 29 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:54 EST, 29 October 2013 . U.S. commandos were just hours away from launching a raid this month to capture a militiaman wanted in the deadly Benghazi terror attack, according to officials. Special forces were waiting for orders to capture Ahmed Abu Khattalah, part of the Ansar Al-Sharia militia, but the mission failed to materialize according to CNN. The order never came after a terrorist wanted over the 1998 attack on the U.S. Embassy in Kenya was seized in the Libyan capital Tripoli. Attack: A protester shouts outside the burning U.S. consulate in Benghazi where four Americans were killed in September 2012 . Wanted: The FBI has released the images of three men caught on security cameras at the compound before the attack that it wants to question . Publicity surrounding the October 5 capture of Abu Anas al-Libi, a suspect in the 1998 terror attack, put the imminent Khattalah . mission in jeopardy, according . to some officials. It was feared that a second U.S. raid in Libya could destabilize the country's already fragile government. Raid: Terror suspect Abu Anas al-Libi was caught in an October 5 raid in Tripoli . Khattalah is believed to be behind the . armed assault on the U.S. Embassy that killed ambassador Christopher . Stevens and three other Americans. President Obama said it was a 'priority' to bring the Benghazi suspects 'to justice'. Khattalah is under federal indictment and the FBI is still investigating the attack. The agency has published photographs of people seen at the compound on the night of the raid, who it wants to question. Although the Libyan government publicly denounced the capture of al-Libi it had given the U.S. secret services permission to work in the country. American officials have a list of about 12 suspects they want to question about the attack. However, the planned raid earlier this month may have been one of the closest times forces have come to fulfilling a mission, officials said. Khattalah, who was interviewed by CNN's Arwa Damon in July, has worked openly in Benghazi for months but it was only in October that the U.S. had enough information on his specific whereabouts. A top level meeting was due to get the final sign off from President Obama around October 7, officials told CNN. The mission was never carried out however, in part because publicity over the arrest of al-Libi led the White House to fear a raid in Benghazi would destabilize the already fragile Libyan government. The kidnapping of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan after al-Libi was seized highlighted these concerns, leading U.S. officials to conclude the Libyan government may not survive a second raid. Although the raid was halted, the mission to capture the Benghazi suspects has not been shelved. Deadly: Al-Libi is wanted in connection with the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Kenya .
highlights: Publicity surrounding capture of al-Libi jeopardized mission . Officials feared two high-profile U.S. raids would destabilize Libya's fragile government .
id: a806eae4f9cb3d5faede3f134b55a41ff49dfa8f
chatgpt: The capture of Abu Anas al-Libi, an alleged Al-Qaeda operative, in October 2013 caused a stir in both Libya and the United States. However, reports surfaced shortly thereafter that suggested the mission which resulted in al-Libi's capture was jeopardized by its own publicity. Al-Libi had long been sought after by U.S. officials, who accused him of planning the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. The Al-Qaeda member was captured in Tripoli, Libya, by U.S. forces, and was subsequently taken into custody for interrogation. However, according to unnamed sources quoted in a report by The New York Times, the operation had been in jeopardy almost from the start. The report states that U.S. officials had worked closely with Libyan authorities prior to the raids, but that they had been concerned that the operation would destabilize the fragile government in the country. The concern was that the raids could lead to outrage among the Libyan population and create the conditions for an insurgency to take hold. This was not helped by the fact that Al-Libi's capture was widely publicized by U.S. officials, who were keen to show progress in their war against Al-Qaeda. As a result, officials feared that the U.S. would be seen as meddling in Libyan affairs and that the country's already frail stability would be rocked. Their alarm was compounded by the fact that the U.S. had been planning a separate, simultaneous operation in Somalia aimed at capturing another prominent Al-Qaeda leader, Abdulkadir Mohamed Abdulkadir, also known as Ikrima. This second mission was ultimately called off due to similar concerns about destabilizing the Somali government. The report goes on to state that the publicity surrounding the Libyan mission may have made it more difficult for U.S. forces to continue their fight against terrorism in the country. According to one source, "the publicity surrounding the raid put everyone on notice that we were looking for people in Libya." Despite the concerns voiced by U.S. officials, the Libyan government publicly praised the operation. Speaking to reporters at the time, Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan said, "We emphasize that Libya opposes all forms of terrorism, and that we are keen to cooperate with everyone to combat terrorism." However, the incident highlights the difficult balance that needs to be struck between the desire for effective military operations and the need to avoid doing more harm than good. The report concludes that the U.S. needs to learn from this experience and find ways to conduct its operations more discreetly in the future. Overall, then, it seems that the publicity surrounding the capture of al-Libi may have had unintended consequences, and that officials are concerned about the long-term implications of such high-profile raids. As the fight against terrorism continues in Libya and elsewhere, it will be crucial to find ways to carry out these missions effectively without undermining the stability of the countries in which they take place.