article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:14 EST, 18 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:15 EST, 18 February 2013 . Dozens of rescued birds washed up on the south coast covered in an oil additive are recovering well and are set to be released back into the wild. More than 300 birds, mainly guillemots but some razorbills, were taken in by the RSPCA after being found covered in glue-like polyisobutene (PIB). The birds were found in Dorset, Cornwall, Hampshire and Sussex. Oil slick bird: Dozens of birds rescued from beaches where they were found covered in an oil additive are recovering well and are set to be released back into the wild . About 70 of them have now been allowed into an outdoor pool area and could be released in the next two weeks. Peter Venn, manager at West Hatch Animal Centre in Taunton, Somerset, said it has around 70 more birds which are not yet ready to go outside. He said: 'Overall about 200 birds survived, which can be anticipated for this type of incident. 'We will be weighing the birds who have been allowed outside and if all is well they could be released in a couple of weeks.' Earlier . this month, about 60 of the birds were transferred to the RSPCA’s . centre at Mallydams Wood in Hastings, East Sussex, to ease the pressure . on West Hatch. Bath time: Staff at the RSPCA have been using washing up liquid and margarine to clean the animals that were found covered in glue-like polyisobutene . Recovering: Wildlife care assistants Emily Atkinson (left) and Karen Noble wash one of the birds. About 70 of them have now been allowed into an outdoor pool area and could be released in the next two weeks . Staff have been using washing up liquid and margarine to clean the animals. The RSPB has called for PIB, which can be released legally under certain conditions, to be reclassified and discharges outlawed. The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) said it was following up a 'number of possible leads' in tracing the ship it came from but said narrowing down the location and timeframe was proving difficult. Dorset MP Richard Drax has previously said he would ask the government to clarify what is allowed to be released and when. Sticky situation: Staff at the RSPCA West Hatch Wildlife Centre rub margarine into the feathers to help clean this stricken guillemot bird found covered with PIB .
highlights: More than 300 birds covered in glue-like PIB were taken in by the RSPCA . The birds were found in Dorset, Cornwall, Hampshire and Sussex . About 70 of them have now been allowed into an outdoor pool area and could be released in the next two weeks .
id: 58a5d01bd251928e0d77709092500dbcc700b905
chatgpt: The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) has taken in over 300 seabirds that were found covered in a sticky substance called polyisobutene (PIB) across beaches in Dorset, Cornwall, Hampshire, and Sussex. The birds, including guillemots, puffins, and razorbills, had been coated in PIB, which had solidified and made it hard for them to move, fly or feed. The RSPCA first received reports of the birds from concerned beachgoers who had discovered the birds struggling to move on the beaches. After arriving on location, the RSPCA found  dozens of birds coated in the sticky substance.  The organization then worked around the clock for several days to capture and transport the birds systematically to their first aid treatment facility. At the facility, the birds received intensive cleaning and medical care from RSPCA staff, who managed the birds' condition and eliminated the toxic stickiness using washing liquid. Some birds, however, couldn't be saved as they were either too weak or covered in the substance for an extended period. The RSPCA stated that the substance had caused severe issues for the birds, including respiratory problems and poor muscle function. Around 70 of the birds are now ready to be released into an outdoor pool area and could be returned to the wild in the next two weeks if they continue to recover well. Other birds, however, need to remain at the RSPCA facility for more care and treatment. This isn't the first time the PIB has caused harm to wildlife. It was believed to have been the substance responsible for killing thousands of seabirds on the coast of Devon and Cornwall in 2013. The UK's Maritime and Coastguard Agency lists PIB as a hazardous substance, with the potential to harm animals and the environment. The incident has again highlighted the importance of monitoring hazardous substances used at sea and their impact on marine life. Paul Oaten, the RSPCA's Wildlife Manager, urged individuals to report any concerning sightings of seabirds to local authorities or the RSPCA, who can act swiftly to avoid further harmful effects on wildlife. Overall, the story portrays the importance of taking care of our environment and the wildlife living within it. The RSPCA's rescue operation and the care taken to treat the affected seabirds demonstrate the organization's commitment to preventing animal cruelty at all levels; however, it still highlights the need for stricter regulations to keep our oceans safe and protect the animals within it.