article: (CNN)Imagine boarding your next flight and having the entire cabin to yourself. In this age of overstuffed planes, where we squeeze our bodies into cramped seats and jockey for overhead bin space, it sounds like a dream -- one that would never happen. But it did -- sort of -- on Monday for a man who boarded a long-delayed Delta Airlines flight from Cleveland to New York to find that all his fellow passengers had been rebooked on other flights. The man, Chris O'Leary of New York City, did what most of us would probably do. He chose an aisle seat near the front of the plane and stretched out. He chuckled at the absurdity of his situation. And he got a flight attendant to snap pictures of him, with rows of empty seats in the background. Then he began tweeting. "They rebooked everyone but me on another flight to LGA, so I am literally the only person on this plane," he posted. "No, I'm not joking," he tweeted a few minutes later. "I'm the only one on this plane." The rare situation was caused by bad weather, which caused several flight delays in the Northeast. O'Leary's Flight 6259, which normally seats 76 people, was delayed for six hours, and somehow he missed out on being rebooked. Often, an airline will cancel a near-empty flight. But Delta Airlines told KABC, a CNN affliliate, that it needed to get O'Leary's plane to New York's La Guardia Airport for flights later in the day. The most annoying types of airline passengers . As it turned out, O'Leary was not the only passenger on the flight. The plane was about to push back when, at the last minute, another man hopped on. The two didn't keep each other company, however. O'Leary told ABC News the other guy reclined his seat and slept most of the way. Even so O'Leary, a media strategist and editor of a beer-lovers' website, won't forget his semi-private jet ride anytime soon. "It was definitely the most memorable flight I've been on in recent memory if only for the sheer lack of passengers to become bothersome," he told ABC News. "There were no screaming babies, no one listening to loud lyrics or reclining their seats or taking off their shoes." How bad was 2014 for air travel?
highlights: Chris O'Leary was only passenger on a Cleveland-New York flight until the last minute . "No, I'm not joking," he tweeted. "I'm the only one on this plane" The plane was delayed by weather, and most passengers had rebooked other flights .
id: 1409521d7378511d5c149bd5694d86bf4b01bc71
chatgpt: Chris O'Leary was in for a unique flying experience when he found out that he was the only passenger on a Cleveland to New York flight. O'Leary, an author and professor, tweeted disbelief on twitter about his situation. His tweet read "No, I'm not joking, I'm the only one on this plane". O'Leary had been scheduled to fly out of Cleveland for a business meeting in New York, and had arrived at the airport on time for his flight. However, his flight was delayed due to weather conditions that had prompted many passengers to rebook their flights. When O'Leary realized that he was the only passenger left, he was baffled but also excited about the prospect of having the entire plane to himself. Speaking to reporters, O'Leary said that he was treated like royalty by the airline staff, who made sure that he was comfortable throughout the whole experience. The flight crew kept him entertained and even allowed him to move around and switch seats. He also had the luxury of being able to stretch out across multiple seats and enjoy some quiet time to read a book. O'Leary's tweet quickly went viral, with many people expressing their envy at his solo flight. Others joked that he was the luckiest person in the world, and that he should have played the lottery. The Cleveland to New York flight is a popular one, with thousands of passengers taking the route every day. However, O'Leary's unique experience highlights the impact of unexpected weather conditions on air travel. Despite the inconvenience, airlines are often willing to go above and beyond for their customers, even if there is only one passenger on a flight. O'Leary, who is an author of a book about baseball, said he would use his time on the plane to work on his next project. He added that he had taken advantage of the situation by taking plenty of photos and even recording a video documenting his once-in-a-lifetime experience. In the end, despite the delays and inconvenience caused by the weather, O'Leary managed to turn his solo flight into a memorable and enjoyable experience. And for the airline staff, it was a chance to go the extra mile and create a unique experience for one of their customers.