article: (CNN) -- British innovator James Dyson, who has built a multi-billion dollar empire around his distinctive vacuum cleaners, has described patent laws across Europe as "absolute madness", saying they are unhelpful for inventors and small businesses. Dyson told CNN he wants the patent system in Europe radically overhauled. Over the last four decades, Dyson said, he has been affected enormously by people copying his ideas. Government leaders are continuously telling businesses that innovation drives the economy. But Dyson points to the red tape surrounding the patenting process as being a massive hurdle for businesses wanting to develop ideas. "The problem with inventing: as soon as you file a patent they see what you are doing and they can see ways to get around it," said Dyson, who made his fortune inventing a bagless vacuum. The 64-year-old is an outspoken critic of Chinese counterfeiters, calling on governments to do more to protect intellectual property rights. Problems can arise because of the wording of the patents, Dyson said. "There are no diagrams or drawings and often something hinges on the particular phrasing of the patent." According to Dyson, if it is obvious someone has copied another person's ideas they should be dealt with without the parties going through a protracted legal battle. "There shouldn't be this endless rigmarole of 'could this have been devised by one skilled in the art?'" Because the current system involves many expenses due to varying jurisdictions throughout the continent, a Europe-wide patent is the answer, according to Dyson. "You have to file in each country, you have to translate in each country, sue in each country, renews in each country -- it's seen as a profit center for each country." Issues surrounding plagiarism are not limited to businesses, with consumers also feeling the impact of the high cost of producing and securing new inventions, Dyson said. Energy-saving and cost effective products and technology won't be created because of the enormous upfront investment it takes to develop them, he said "It's anticompetitive to make copying easy." CNN's Emily Smith contributed to this story.
highlights: British innovator James Dyson has described patent laws across Europe as "absolute madness" Dyson says the current system involves many expenses due to varying jurisdictions throughout the continent . He says a Europe-wide patent is the answer .
id: 4747b7385747f47a410ad654454cd3bdff09fed2
chatgpt: British inventor and entrepreneur James Dyson has spoken out against the current patent laws across Europe, calling them "absolute madness". The founder of the Dyson company believes that the current system is far too expensive, due to varying jurisdictions throughout the continent. According to Dyson, the current patent laws require him to file for patents in each individual country where he wishes to protect his products, leading to high expenses and time-consuming paperwork. Dyson believes that a Europe-wide patent system would be the solution to this problem. Speaking to reporters this week, Dyson stated that "Europe-wide patents are essential for businesses operating in multiple countries", adding that the current system "creates unnecessary barriers that hold back innovation and economic growth". Dyson went on to argue that the current patent laws make it difficult for small and medium-sized enterprises to protect their inventions. "These companies simply cannot afford to file for patents in every single country where they want to sell their products," Dyson pointed out. "This is harmful to both businesses and consumers." The inventor also criticized the varying quality of patent applications across Europe, stating that "some countries grant patents too easily, while others are overly strict". This inconsistency, according to Dyson, leads to confusion and hinders the progress of innovation. Dyson's call for a Europe-wide patent system has been echoed by other business leaders across the continent. The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) has also voiced support for such a system, saying that it would "boost competitiveness and increase the efficiency of the patent system across Europe". The European Union has been working on a Europe-wide patent system for over a decade, but progress has been slow due to disagreements over language and jurisdiction. Despite these challenges, Dyson remains optimistic that a solution can be found. "I believe that a Europe-wide patent system is possible, and indeed necessary, for the growth and success of businesses across the continent," Dyson concluded. "We must continue to work towards this goal in order to unlock the full potential of innovation in Europe."