article: Last month he said that an 'Iraq first' attack was the best means to combat ISIS, but Obama has reportedly developed a new strategy to defeat the al Qaeda splinter group - starting with the removal of Syrian President Bashar al Assad. Senior White House officials have told CNN that the national security team has met four times, including one meeting chaired by Obama, to orchestrate the new strategy. The U.S. and many of its allies see President Assad as the reason ISIS have been able to gain strength in Syria. Obama's initial approach was to fight ISIS on the ground in Iraq while the government put together their own rebel force that could go after the group. Scroll down for video . Turnaround: Obama has reportedly been forced to overhaul his strategy on how to deal with ISIS following much criticism, changing from fighting them on the ground in Iraq to removing Syrian President Bashar al Assad (left) However  the White House has subsequently run out of time, CNN reported. 'The long running Syria problem is now compounded by the reality that to genuinely defeat (ISIS), we need not only a defeat in Iraq but a defeat in Syria,' the senior sources told CNN. 'Developments on the ground have caused the national security team to collectively conclude we may not have time for Iraq first. 'In an ideal world you would drive (ISIS) out of Iraq and pivot to Syria. 'But if by then the moderate opposition has been smacked and (ISIS) is still there, that doesn’t help.' Embarrassingly, Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby told CNN that the U.S. have not yet started preparing their Syrian opposition fighters, despite announcing the plan four months ago. The plan asked Congress for $500 million to train and equip the 5,000 vetted rebels over the space of one year - but nothing has been done. 'The vetting hasn't started,' Admirable Kirby said. Threats: ISIS have released videos showing the deaths of captives such as James Foley, pictured above. They have been exclusively from the United Kingdom and the U.S. - whose governments do not pay ransoms . 'Once it does start, that will be about a three-to-five-month process and then it’s about 8-9 months of training after that.' 'So we still got a ways to go.' The Washington Post reports that Obama's turnaround  comes after Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel sent a private memo to Susan Rice detailing his reservations about the President's handle on Syria and Iraq. Secretary of State John Kerry and other officials have also questioned the plan. ISIS hopes to to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of and are known for public execution-style killings.
highlights: White House developed a strategy to attack ISIS on the ground in Iraq . Announced a $500 million plan four months ago to train a rebel force that could go after the group . Plan was largely criticized as being unrealistic . CNN now quoting senior government sources saying Obama has been forced to turnaround his plan . National security team believe removing Syrian President Bashar al Assad will kick-start the defeat of ISIS .
id: 68cab21e746e4df3c7cc250cb10749576554bcf9
chatgpt: The White House has reportedly changed its strategy on fighting the ISIS terrorist group in Iraq. The administration had previously announced a $500 million plan to train a rebel force, which could theoretically go after the group on the ground. However, this plan was heavily criticized by many experts as unrealistic and unlikely to lead to the defeat of the terrorist organization. Now, according to sources in the senior government, President Obama has been forced to turn around his original plan. This comes as a result of the national security team believing that the key to defeating ISIS lies in removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power. They argue that, with Assad gone, the forces that have been supporting ISIS in Syria will be disrupted, leading to a significant blow to the group's efforts. There has been a great deal of debate surrounding the best way to combat ISIS. Some experts have argued that the focus should be on cutting off funding sources and limiting the group's ability to spread its message on social media. Others have said that airstrikes alone are not enough, and that a ground effort is necessary to fully remove the group from Iraq and Syria. The new administration strategy appears to fall in line with those who believe in the importance of a ground effort. The idea is that by removing Assad and disrupting the forces that have been supporting ISIS, a rebel force will no longer be necessary. Instead, it will be possible to build up the Iraqi Security Forces and Peshmerga to reclaim territory from the terrorist group. The decision to shift strategy is not without risks. Removing Assad from power is a complex and delicate process that could further destabilize an already volatile region. The United States will need to coordinate with other world powers, including Russia, to ensure that a power vacuum isn't created in Syria. The shift also represents a departure from the Obama administration's previous policy of avoiding direct intervention in Syria. Up until now, the administration has focused on diplomatic efforts to try and resolve the Syrian conflict. However, there are signs that the administration is becoming increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress on this front. Overall, the new strategy represents a bold move by the administration as it seeks to finally take out ISIS. While there will undoubtedly be risks and challenges ahead, the hope is that the removal of Assad will mark the beginning of the end for the terrorist group. Only time will tell if this strategy will prove successful, but it is clear that the administration is willing to do whatever it takes to eradicate this scourge once and for all.