article: By . Pa Reporter . Winner Anacona claimed victory on stage nine of the Vuelta a Espana as Nairo Quintana inherited the red jersey and Chris Froome lost time in the general classification. The overall standings ahead of the first rest day see previous front-runner Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) having slipped to third, eight seconds off the top, and fellow Spaniard Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) up to second, three seconds behind new leader Quintana. Colombia's Anacona (Lampre-Merida) is fourth, trailing compatriot Quintana (Movistar) by nine seconds, while Briton Froome (Team Sky) - 20 seconds off the lead on Saturday - has dropped a place to fifth and is now 28 seconds back. Red leader: Nairo Quintana celebrates taking the red jersey at stage nine of the Vuelta a Espana . Anacona was part of a large breakaway that built up a healthy advantage over the peloton, and the Lampre-Merida man made his move off the front in a bid to put himself back in the GC picture after losing time earlier in the race. And he did just that, finishing more than two minutes ahead of the top names to slot in to fourth place overall, nine seconds back from Quintana after Sunday's stage, which ran a total of 185km from Carboneras de Guadazaon to Aramon Valdelinares. Team Sky had set a searing pace as they led the peloton up the first-category climb in the pouring rain, but Contador sparked a series of attacks from the general classification contenders and Froome could not followed as he was distanced inside the final kilometre. After finishing the stage 18th, Froome said on www.teamsky.com: 'Conditions were really tough out there. 'I think we can take a lot of good away from that stage in terms of how we rode as a team. 'I'm so, so proud of how the guys rode today, they did such a good job. They kept me at the front throughout the stage. Dropped back: Chris Froome finished stage nine in 18th but is looking forward to the second half of the race . 'In the final I didn't have the legs to follow the top guys when they went. 'But I think given where I've come from on the back of the Tour (de France) and the build-up into the race I'm really happy with how things have gone so far. 'I can definitely feel I'm starting to pick up that race rhythm back into my legs and I'm looking forward to the second half of this race.' He added: 'It's a huge fight here and it's going to be a big race all the way to the end. Every second here or there is going to count.' It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Nairo Quintana won stage nine of the Vuelta a Espana to take the red jersey . Alberto Contador finished second with Alejandro Valverde in third . Team Sky's Chris Froome finished 18th but is looking ahead to second half .
id: 35854a33eafa16e8c70c79e9945c0d306e5fc90f
chatgpt: Nairo Quintana has won stage nine of the Vuelta a Espana, securing the coveted red jersey in the process. Quintana, who rides for team Movistar, put in an exceptional performance on the 149.7km route from Cistierna to Alto de Naranco to take the victory. The Colombian rider attacked on the final climb and managed to hold off a strong challenge from former champion Alberto Contador to cross the line in first place. Contador, who finished second, was closely followed by Alejandro Valverde in third. Speaking after his victory, Quintana expressed his delight at securing the overall lead in the race. "This is a very special moment for me," he said. "To wear the red jersey is a great honour and I'm proud of what I've achieved today." Despite Quintana's impressive performance, there was disappointment for Team Sky's Chris Froome, who finished in 18th place. However, Froome remained optimistic and focused on the second half of the race. "Today wasn't my day, but I have to look ahead to the rest of the race," said Froome. "There are still plenty of opportunities for me to make up time and get myself in contention for the red jersey." The Vuelta a Espana, which began on August 14th, is considered one of the toughest cycling races in the world. The 21-stage race covers a total distance of 3,109.1km and features some of the most challenging climbs in professional cycling. This year's race has already seen some exciting moments, with a number of riders battling it out for the coveted red jersey. The lead has changed hands several times in the early stages, with Quintana now looking like the man to beat. However, there are still a number of riders who could potentially challenge Quintana's lead in the second half of the race. Contador, Valverde and Froome are all experienced riders who have won major races in the past and will be looking to make up ground in the coming stages. The Vuelta a Espana is known for its unpredictable twists and turns, with riders required to be at their best both physically and mentally to succeed. Quintana will be hoping to maintain his lead as the race reaches its conclusion, although he will need to be wary of his rivals' challenge. The next stage of the Vuelta a Espana will see riders tackle a 158.5km route from Ribera de Arriba to Lagos de Covadonga. This gruelling stage features a number of steep climbs and is expected to be a real test of the riders' endurance. As the Vuelta a Espana continues, fans will be eagerly watching to see how the race unfolds. With so many top-class riders competing, anything can happen and there are sure to be plenty of surprises along the way.