article: Honduran President Juan Hernandez (pictured in January) wants more aid for Central America from the U.S. Honduran President Juan Hernandez has blamed U.S. drug policy for sparking violence in Central American countries and driving a surge of migration to the United States, according to an interview published today. Hernandez, who took office in January after winning on a pledge to be tough on crime, said only a drop in violence would curb the wave of families and unaccompanied minors fleeing Central America. A surge in minors leaving Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras have overwhelmed temporary detention facilities on the U.S. border. 'Honduras has been living in an emergency for a decade,' Hernandez told Mexican daily newspaper Excelsior. 'The root cause is that the United States and Colombia carried out big operations in the fight against drugs. Then Mexico did it.' Those operations pushed drug traffickers into Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, he suggested, adding: 'This is creating a serious problem for us that sparked this migration.' Hernandez said more resources were needed in Central America to fight drug gangs and he said his country was deserving of U.S. aid similar to the programs that funded anti-drug operations in Colombia and Mexico. Honduras has the highest murder rate in the world. Drug-related killings have increased in recent years since Mexico's drug cartels expanded into the country, enlisting local street gangs and using the country's Caribbean coast to transport South American cocaine to the United States. 'A good part of (migration) has to do with the lack of opportunities in Central America, which has its origin in the climate of violence, and this violence, almost 85 per cent of it, is related to the issue of drug trafficking,' he said. Deportees pictured lining up outside a bus at the Care Center for Returning Migrants (CAMR) after arriving on an immigration flight from the U.S., at the international airport in San Pedro Sula in June . Thousands of Central American migrants are streaming into the United States through Mexico, and those caught are being held in overcrowded detention facilities. U.S. immigration officials have said the crisis is being driven by poverty, gang and drug violence in Central America. It is also fueled by rumors perpetuated by smugglers that children who reach the U.S. border will be permitted to stay. U.S. President Barack Obama has asked lawmakers for $3.7 billion to pay for more border security, temporary detention centers and additional immigration court judges to process asylum cases and speed up deportations. The Obama administration projects more than 150,000 unaccompanied children under the age of 18 could next year flee Central America and seek to enter the United States. Women and their children wait in line to register at the Honduran Center for Returned Migrants after being deported from Mexico in June .
highlights: President Hernandez blames U.S., Mexico and Colombia for fighting drug operations that pushed the traffickers into Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador . He says more resources are needed in Central America to fight drug gangs . Hernandez says Central America deserves more aid, like Colombia and Mexico were given by the U.S.
id: 1f51247dd287f85b6e57a0912ff9ef0f5bb5ea3c
chatgpt: Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez has laid blame on the United States, Mexico, and Colombia for the growing drug operations that have plagued his country as well as the neighboring countries of Guatemala and El Salvador. The President urged for more resources to be allocated to the region in order to fight the drug trafficking gangs that have been able to operate with relative impunity. During a recent conference, President Hernandez outlined how the drug trade had been pushed into Central America due to the aggressive efforts of the United States, Mexico, and Colombia. While the aim of the efforts was to disrupt drug trafficking, they had resulted in pushing the problem into surrounding countries. Hernandez pointed out how Colombia had received aid from the United States to fight narco-trafficking, as had Mexico, so Central America deserved the same treatment. The Honduran President stressed that the issue of drug trafficking was a global problem that required a global solution. He argued that more resources, in terms of money, manpower, and technology, were needed in the region in order to comprehensively tackle the problem. Hernandez also echoed calls from his counterparts in Guatemala and El Salvador for more comprehensive aid to be provided from the international community. Hernandez argues that the lack of resources and infrastructure is hindering their efforts in fighting drug operations in Central America. The Honduran government is doing everything in its power to tackle the drug issue, but they are overwhelmed and in need of more resources. If the US, Colombia, and Mexico could help with some of these resources, perhaps the drug-related activities would decrease in Central America. The President's comments came amidst a backdrop of reports that drug-seizures in Honduras had skyrocketed in recent years, highlighting the need for more action to be taken in the region. It is believed that Honduras has become a key transit point for drugs being transported from South America to markets in the United States. Central America has become an increasingly important region in the global drug trade, and it is vital that the international community recognizes this and provides support accordingly. Hernandez's calls for more resources in the fight against drug trafficking are a timely reminder of the urgent need for action to be taken in the region. In conclusion, the Honduran President's comments serve as a plea for more resources to be allocated towards the fight against drug trafficking in Central America. With the right support, Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador can work towards effectively disrupting the operations of drug trafficking gangs in the region. As the issue of drug trafficking remains a global problem, it is imperative that the international community recognizes the gravity of the situation in Central America and provides support to those most in need.