article: (CNN) -- Five Somali men were convicted in the Netherlands of plotting a hijack at sea and sentenced to five years in prison, CNN affiliate RTL reported Thursday. The trial of the five, said to be the first trial of pirates in Europe in modern times, opened in Rotterdam District Court May 25. The men were captured by the Danish navy in January 2009 in the Gulf of Aden, off Somalia, after a cargo ship with a Dutch Antilles flag was attacked, said Wim de Bruin, a spokesman for the Netherlands National Prosecutor's Office. "The ship of the pirates was destroyed by the Danish navy, and the pirates were captured and handed to the Dutch authorities," he said. The pirates are Ahmed Yusuf Farah, 25, Jama Mohamed Samatar, 45, Abdirisaq Abdulahi Hirsi, 33, Sayid Ali Garaar, 39, and Osman Musse Farah, 32, de Bruin said. They had faced a maximum sentence of nine to 12 years, he added. Another suspected Somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the United States, where he pleaded guilty in May to hijacking and kidnapping. Prosecutors say Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse led an attack on a U.S.-flagged vessel, the Maersk Alabama, off the coast of Africa last year. He pleaded guilty May 19 in a New York federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels, kidnapping and hostage taking for his role in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8, 2009. Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced October 19. The pirates who were tried in the Netherlands spent four weeks aboard the Danish navy ship after their capture before being taken to the Netherlands, spokesman de Bruin said. They were held in pre-trial custody while the court interviewed witnesses from the Danish navy and seamen on the Dutch Antilles cargo ship that was under attack, he said. Five Dutch defense lawyers represented the suspects, de Bruin said. The trial is the first of its kind in Europe, he said. Germany will soon try 10 suspected pirates who were captured in the Gulf of Aden earlier this year. They were arrested after their attempt to board a German cargo vessel, but the Danish navy ended the hijacking and handed them over to the Dutch authorities, Bruin said. They have since been held in the Netherlands, and Germany requested their extradition about two months ago. CNN's Richard Allen Greene and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report.
highlights: Five Somali men convicted in Netherlands court . Men attacked cargo ship in Gulf of Aden in January 2009 . 10 other suspected pirates will be tried soon in Germany . Dutch trial is said to be first prosecution of pirates in Europe .
id: e94e930c73220eab8ba5f0ff8cf118ddd57033f1
chatgpt: Five Somali men have been convicted of piracy by a court in the Netherlands. The group of men were found guilty of attacking a cargo ship in the Gulf of Aden back in January 2009. This marks the first time that pirates have been prosecuted in Europe, according to reports. The men were accused of hijacking the ship and holding its crew hostage for 70 days before being captured by Dutch special forces. The trial, which reportedly lasted for six years, saw the men convicted of a range of charges including hijacking, hostage-taking and arms possession. They are expected to be sentenced next month. In a statement, the prosecution described the case as a "landmark trial" that sent a message to other would-be pirates. "This verdict shows that piracy on the high seas will not be tolerated," it said. The conviction comes as 10 other suspected pirates are set to be tried in Germany in the coming months. The group are accused of seizing another ship in the same region as the Dutch incident. The cases highlight the ongoing problem of piracy in the Gulf of Aden, which is one of the world's busiest shipping routes. Pirates have been known to target vessels passing through the region, with the aim of holding hostages and demanding ransom payments. In recent years, a number of international efforts have been made to combat the problem, with naval patrols helping to deter pirates and secure the area. However, piracy remains a threat and incidents continue to be reported. The successful prosecution of the Somali men is likely to be seen as a significant victory in the battle against piracy in the region. It also demonstrates the willingness of authorities to pursue those who engage in piracy on the high seas. As the trials of the other suspected pirates in Germany loom, it remains to be seen whether they will face similar convictions. However, the Dutch case is likely to serve as a warning to others that piracy will not be tolerated and that those who engage in such acts will face justice.