article: (CNN) -- Facebook and its photo-sharing subsidiary Instagram Wednesday announced new policies aimed at stemming online sales of illegal guns. The social media platforms have agreed to remove reported posts that evade gun laws, restrict minors under the age of 18 from viewing posts about firearm sales and provide education to better inform law-abiding sellers of guns. "By taking these unprecedented educational and enforcement efforts, we've been able to strike an important balance in helping people express themselves, while promoting a safe and responsible community," Monika Bickert, Facebook's head of global policy management, said at a news conference. The new rules come after campaigns by gun safety organizations nationwide have pushed for stricter controls on the sale of firearms. Moms Demand Action, an organization devoted to gun-control reforms, started on a Facebook page in December 2012, shortly after a gunman killed 20 first-graders and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut. The organization lobbies for more restrictive gun policies that protect the safety of children and families. Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts said more than 230,000 Americans signed the group's petition, tweeted or used other social media to ask Facebook and Instagram to crack down on online sales. The organization last year campaigned for Starbucks to ban guns in stores, resulting in an open letter by CEO Howard Schultz telling customers to leave guns at home. Mayors Against Illegal Guns, the largest gun violence prevention group, which was founded by former Mayors Michael Bloomberg of New York and Thomas Menino of Boston, discussed the issue with Facebook officials. "People are logging onto the Internet and signing into what has become, unfortunately, a virtual gun show," John Feinblatt, chairman of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, said in a conference call Wednesday. In November, New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman joined efforts to persuade Facebook and Instagram to issue new gun rules. "Responsible social media sites know that it is in no one's interest for their sites to become a 21st century black market in dangerous and illegal goods that place our families and communities at risk," Schneiderman said in a statement. Facebook already prohibits ads for the sale of guns or ammunition, said Bickert, adding that the new rules will strengthen that policy. Neither Facebook nor Instagram are e-commerce sites, but both facilitate conversation and provide an open marketplace that makes it possible to exchange information promoting weapons sales. Gun sales listed by site users talked about "no background check required" or said "will cross state lines," Feinblatt said. Law enforcement officers and advocacy groups will have a direct connection to Facebook to flag posts that may promote this illegal activity, officials said.
highlights: Facebook and Instagram to regulate posts about illegal gun sales . Social networks to remove posts that evade gun laws, restrict minors from gun-related content . Gun-control reform groups lobbied the social media company to change rules .
id: 83347b560e6eb0e30af3111be39d752aee428c12
chatgpt: Facebook and Instagram have announced that they will be cracking down on posts related to illegal gun sales on their platforms. In a move welcomed by gun-control reform groups, the social media giants have committed to removing posts that evade gun laws and restricting minors from gun-related content. Facebook and Instagram have been under pressure for some time to take action against the proliferation of illegal gun sales on their sites. The sites have been used by firearms dealers to advertise and sell weapons, often without conducting background checks on buyers. Gun-control reform groups have been lobbying Facebook and Instagram to change their policies to prevent such sales, citing the role that social media has played in fueling gun violence in the US. The groups have argued that social media sites are facilitating the sale of guns to people who are prohibited from possessing them, including minors and people with criminal records. The new policy, which was announced in a joint statement by Facebook and Instagram, will require sellers of firearms to include information about legal requirements and to comply with all relevant laws. The platforms will use software designed to detect posts related to illegal gun sales and remove them from the site. The sites will also restrict access to gun-related content for minors. This will be enforced by using age-gating technology, which will prevent users under the age of 18 from viewing posts related to guns or other firearms-related content. In their joint statement, Facebook and Instagram said that they were "committed to working with gun-control reform groups, lawmakers, and activists to prevent the sale of illegal firearms on our platforms." The statement continued, "We want Facebook and Instagram to be safe, welcoming communities where people can connect with one another and share their thoughts and ideas. We believe that these changes will help us achieve that goal." Gun-control reform groups have welcomed the announcement, saying that it is a step in the right direction. They believe that the new policy will help to reduce gun violence and prevent the sale of firearms to people who shouldn't have them. However, some gun-rights activists have criticized the move, arguing that it is an attack on their Second Amendment rights. They have accused Facebook and Instagram of unfairly targeting gun owners and dealers, and of trying to stifle free speech. Despite the criticism, it seems likely that Facebook and Instagram will continue to take action against posts related to illegal gun sales. As the sites come under increasing pressure to address the issue of gun violence, it is clear that they are willing to take action to prevent the sale of firearms to people who shouldn't have them.