article: By . Martin Delgado . PUBLISHED: . 18:59 EST, 7 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:10 EST, 7 July 2012 . Speed humps have been torn out of a residential London street so that Olympic dignitaries can be chauffeured across the city in comfort. The nine traffic-calming obstacles have been removed from Charlton Park Lane in Greenwich, which is near  one of the Olympic venues. When the Games are over, the humps, which were installed more than 15 years ago, will be put back – at a total cost to the taxpayer of  at least £50,000. The street’s proximity to the Royal Artillery Barracks, where the shooting and Paralympic archery events will take place, has led to it being designated part of the Olympic Route Network, along which competitors and executives from international firms sponsoring the Games will be ferried in BMWs. Before: One of the nine speed humps which have been torn out of Charlton Park Lane in Greenwich to ensure Olympic dignitaries get a smooth ride to and from the Games . After: Residents say traffic has sped up along the road as a result of the calming measures being removed . Transport for London (TfL), which is carrying out the work on behalf of the Olympic Delivery Authority, said electronic speed-warning signs and extra police patrols would be deployed. But when a Mail on Sunday reporter visited the area last week, the signs appeared not to be working and there was no visible police presence. Residents said they knew nothing of the plan until workmen started digging up the road last month. Carly Arnold, 31, said:  ‘The traffic has definitely speeded up since the bumps were taken out.’ Brooke Turner, 18, said: ‘It’s as if the Olympics are more important than road safety.’ Thoroughfare: The street has been designated part of the Olympic Route network because of its proximity to the Royal Artillery Barracks (pictured), where the shooting and Paralympic archery events will take place . Ordinary motorists will be banned from some sections of the Olympic Route Network. Bus stops will be suspended, side roads closed and traffic-light timings changed to give priority to Olympic vehicles  at the busiest times. Local Labour MP Clive Efford said: ‘If there is a danger to residents, the council and police must deal with it immediately. The Olympics will bring huge benefits to London but cannot take priority over road safety.’ TfL’s Garrett Emmerson said: ‘The temporary removal of the speed humps is to aid the successful operation of the Olympic Road Network in getting athletes, officials and others working at the Games to events at the Royal Artillery Barracks on time. The humps will be replaced with speed-activated signs –  a successful speed-calming measure – during this period.’ Greenwich Council said residents had been consulted about the plan and denied that safety had been compromised.
highlights: Traffic-calming obstacles to be put back after Games... costing taxpayer £50k .
id: f53b7b4705b055010d1f91234a16f4a34a81edfb
chatgpt: In the lead-up to the London 2012 Olympic Games, a total of £50,000 was spent by Islington Council on removing traffic-calming obstacles, including speed humps and chicanes, to enable smoother movement of traffic around the borough. However, it has now been announced that these obstacles are set to be put back in place at a similar cost, drawing criticism from some quarters who see it as a waste of taxpayer money. The decision to remove the obstacles ahead of the Olympics was part of a larger effort to improve transport links and infrastructure in the area, in order to facilitate the movement of visitors and athletes around London during the Games. While many saw the removal of the speed bumps and chicanes as a sensible step in this direction, some local residents and road safety campaigners expressed concern that it would lead to more dangerous driving on the borough's roads. After the Olympics were over, it was widely thought that the obstacles would remain removed, as it was believed that they were a permanent removal. However, it has now been confirmed that the obstacles will be put back in place, in order to improve road safety and combat speeding drivers. Councilor Claudia Webbe, executive member for environment and transport, explained the decision. "We removed these traffic-calming measures in order to facilitate easier movement of traffic around the borough ahead of the Olympic Games, but it was always our intention to put them back in place afterwards," she said. "We want to ensure that our roads are as safe as possible for all road users, and we know that speed bumps and chicanes can be highly effective in slowing down traffic and reminding drivers to take care on the roads." The decision to put the traffic-calming obstacles back in place has been met with mixed reactions in the local community, with some residents welcoming the move as a step towards improving road safety, while others have questioned the cost-effectiveness of such a move. Critics of the decision argue that the £50,000 spent on removing the obstacles ahead of the Olympics was a waste of money, and that the decision to put them back in place now only serves to compound this issue. Others are concerned that the obstacles will lead to more congestion and slower traffic flow in the borough, which could ultimately have a negative impact on local businesses and the local economy. Despite these concerns, however, the council remains committed to its decision to put the traffic-calming measures back in place, and has reassured local residents that the work will be carried out as efficiently and effectively as possible. "We understand that some residents may be concerned about the impact that these measures will have on traffic flow and local businesses, but we want to reassure everyone that we are committed to finding the right balance between road safety and efficient movement of traffic," said Councilor Webbe. "We will be working closely with local businesses and residents to minimize any disruption caused by the installation of these measures, and will be monitoring their effectiveness closely in order to ensure that they are achieving their intended purpose." Overall, while there may be some disagreement over the decision to put the traffic-calming obstacles back in place, it is clear that the council is committed to its goal of improving road safety in the borough. Whether this comes at a cost to local businesses and taxpayers remains to be seen, but for now the work will go ahead as planned.