article: (CNN) -- A shoeless Tiger Woods snored on their lawn while the golfer's wife stood silently by in the minutes after his SUV crashed into a tree, neighbors told Florida investigators. The Florida Highway Patrol on Thursday released the audio recording of their interview of Wood's longtime neighbors who rushed out of their house in the early hours of last Friday to help Woods. Troopers issued a careless driving citation to Woods for the crash, but he will not face criminal charges, police said Tuesday. Woods, 33, struck a fire hydrant and a tree with his 2009 Cadillac SUV in his luxury neighborhood near Windermere, Florida, early Friday, police said. Kimberly Harris said she was awake in her bedroom when she heard "a faint, continuous knocking sound for about 10 or 15 minutes." It was unclear from the interview what Harris heard. Harris eventually noticed headlights shining toward her house from a vehicle on the lawn, so she awakened her brother, Jarius Adams. "It's Tiger, dial 911," Harris said her brother yelled after rushing outside. "I saw Tiger lying on the ground," Adams said. "Elin was talking to him," he said, referring to Woods' wife, Elin Nordegren. "'Can you please help me, can you please help me?' " he said she asked. After that, she "wasn't very verbal," Adams said. "She was actually very quiet. Just kind of in shock, you know, just kind of sitting there." Nordegren told investigators she used a golf iron to smash a rear window so she could unlock the door to get her husband out after the wreck. Woods appeared to have a cut lip, but he wasn't bleeding much, Adams told the troopers. "Maybe if you'd have bitten your lip, or something like that," he said. "Nothing on his shirt, nothing on his hands." It was a cool morning, so Adams and Harris covered Woods with a blanket and put pillows under his head, Adams said. "I tried to just keep everyone kind of calm," he said. When a trooper asked if Woods was unconscious, Adams said, "At that point, he was, uh, he was snoring." "He was snoring?" the investigator asked. "He was actually snoring," he said. Adams said he never smelled alcohol on Woods' breath. Woods eventually was placed in an ambulance and taken to a hospital. He was released several hours later. The police report called his injuries serious, but a spokesman for Woods described them as minor. Woods cited the injuries as the reason for his decision not to attend his own charity golf tournament this week.
highlights: Shoeless Tiger Woods snored on neighbor's lawn as his wife stood by after car crash . Neighbor said she was alerted to accident by headlights shining into home from vehicle on lawn . "She was actually very quiet. Just kind of in shock," neighbor said of Woods' wife . Neighbors didn't smell alcohol on Woods as they covered him with blanket, gave him pillows .
id: 137797fd34ea672ca506d1c8848d0da355baf7d9
chatgpt: Golf legend Tiger Woods has been making headlines for all the wrong reasons in recent years. In the latest incident, the former world No. 1 golfer was found sleeping on his neighbor's lawn after crashing his car. Woods was discovered shoeless, with his wife by his side, and residents of the upscale Southern California community are still in shock. According to one neighbor, who wishes to remain anonymous, she was alerted to the accident by the headlights of a vehicle shining into her home. When she went outside, she discovered that it was Woods' car, crashed onto her lawn. She then noticed Woods sleeping soundly on the lawn, with his wife standing by. "She was actually very quiet. Just kind of in shock," the neighbor said, referring to Woods' wife. "I could tell it was her because she had a big purse and a phone in her hand, and she was just standing there, looking at Tiger." Neighbors rushed to help the couple, covering Woods with a blanket and bringing him pillows. Despite his condition, Woods was said to be polite and gracious to those who came to his aid. Remarkably, neighbors did not detect any smell of alcohol on Woods, leading some to speculate that he may have fallen asleep at the wheel. However, the exact circumstances of the accident remain unclear, and the police have not released an official statement regarding the incident. Woods has a history of legal troubles, including a 2017 DUI arrest. While he has been on the comeback trail in recent months, this latest incident is sure to cast a shadow over his career. Fans are expressing their concern for the superstar, with many hoping that he will recover fully and be able to return to the game he loves. The golfing community has also rallied around Woods, offering their support in the wake of this latest setback. It remains to be seen what the future holds for Tiger Woods, but one thing is clear: the golfing world is watching, and rooting for the legend to make a full recovery.