article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 01:34 EST, 2 July 2011 . Two college students were shot dead in their car as they tried to negotiate a drug deal. Arizona State pre-med Tyler Webster, 18, and his friend 19-year-old Olek Wladyszewski were gunned down in their vehicle as they arrived to meet a dealer. Illegal immigrant Jesus Estopellan is accused of setting up a meeting with Wladeysewski as a trap in Mesa, Arizona. 'Drug deal': Oleg Wladeysewski, left, reportedly set up the meeting and was accompanied by his friend pre-med student Tyler Webster, 18 . Suspect: Jesus Estopellan has been charged with first degree murder . But when he found Webster in the car as well, he gunned him down too. The 21-year-old reportedly told detectives he wanted to make sure there were no witnesses to his crime. The students had been friends at Red Mountain High School and hundreds of friends in Mesa, Arizona, attended a vigil for the pair after the shooting on Wednesday in the town of Mesa. Detectives also told how Webster made a frantic 911 call as his friend lay dead in the SUV and he died from his injuries. Webster's mother Sheila told Fox: 'He's my everything to me, everything to my life. 'He's [Estopellan] gonna have to pay for it...Just my boy's never coming home and he didn't deserve it.' She was able to talk to her son as he lay dying in hospital. Estopellan was yesterday charged with two counts of first degree murder. Arizona police said they traced him through phone records of his conversations with Wladeysewski. Detective Michael Mendez said: 'After . two days of working tirelessly.. detectives contacting people, . conducting interviews following up on leads, they got a break in the . case where phone records directed them to a potential suspect.' Crime scene: The students were gunned down their car in Mesa, Arizona . Olek was the greatest guy who you would ever meet... he would give you the shirt off his back," says friend Alanah Fanning. 'Tyler was an awesome person. You could tell he was a good kid,' his friend Ryan Burroughs said. Another added: 'I just want to say that he was one of my best friends here - and I don't know what to do without him.'
highlights: Arizona State students shot dead in car . Jesus Estopellan set up meeting as a 'trap for Oleg 19-year-old Wladysewski' He shot dead pre-med Tyler Webster 'to make sure there were no witnesses'
id: 9ca0542f2ab9af0507f0ea58707e60d5d4eb2253
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the Arizona State University community after two students were shot dead in their car on August 23, 2021. Police have identified the victims as Tyler Webster, a pre-med student, and Colby Wladysewski, a 19-year-old freshman.  According to authorities, the shooting was not a random act of violence. It appears that Jesus Estopellan, a 21-year-old who is not affiliated with the university, set up a meeting with the victims as a trap for Wladysewski. Estopellan reportedly had a personal issue with Wladysewski and used the guise of a meeting to lure him into a dangerous situation.  During the meeting, Estopellan pulled out a gun and shot Webster, who was in the car with Wladysewski. He then turned the gun on Wladysewski, killing him as well. Police believe that Estopellan killed Webster in order to eliminate any potential witnesses to the crime.  "It's a tragic situation," said Tempe Police Department spokesperson Kevin Watts. "Our hearts go out to the families of the victims and everyone affected by this senseless act of violence." The shooting took place near the Tempe campus of Arizona State University, which has a student population of over 70,000. The university issued a statement expressing its condolences and offering support to the families of the victims. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of Tyler and Colby during this difficult time," said ASU President Michael Crow. "We stand with them and the entire ASU community as we mourn this terrible loss." The suspect, Estopellan, was arrested later that evening and charged with two counts of first-degree murder. He is currently being held in custody without bail. Police have not released any additional information about his motives or any potential accomplices. The community is still reeling from the tragedy, with many expressing shock and sadness at the loss of two young lives. Vigils have been held in honor of the victims, and counseling services are being offered to those who are affected by the shooting. The investigation into the shooting is ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to contact the Tempe Police Department.