article: (CNN) -- Andy Murray has won his first match after splitting with coach Ivan Lendl, beating Australia's Matthew Ebden in the second round of the Miami Masters in Florida. The Scot, who is defending the title he won 12 months ago, started life after Lendl nervously, losing the opening set before rallying in the second and third to eventually beat the world No. 67 3-6 6-0 6-1. Murray announced an amicable parting of ways with Lendl on Wednesday bringing the curtain down on a highly fruitful two-year partnership. Lendl, who is leaving to spend time on other projects, is credited with helping turn Murray into a grand slam champion, overseeing victories at the U.S. Open in 2012 and an historic win at Wimbledon last year. The 26-year-old paid tribute to his former coach after victory late on Friday. "It was very different without him, it's been a hard few days," Murray told Sky Sports. "He's been a big part of my career and to not have him around is going to be tough, but I just need to get on with it now and try to get back to playing my best tennis." Next up in round three is Spain's Feliciano Lopez who Murray has never lost to in eight previous meetings. Earlier on Friday, Roger Federer came through comfortably against Ivo Karlovic 6-4 7-6 (7/4). The Swiss, who was defeated by Novak Djokovic in the final of BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells last weekend, continued his recent good run of form against the big-serving Croat. "So, (his serve) can be quite difficult or overwhelming. But if you're in the right mindset mentally, it can also be enjoyable. That's how I approach the match, anyway," Federer said, ATPTour.com reported. Federer, a winner in Miami in 2005 and 2006, will face Thiemo de Bakker next after the Dutch qualifier ranked 162 in the world upset world No. 29 Fernando Verdasco in three sets 7-6 (7/4) 6-7 (3/7) 6-2. Djokovic is also safely through to the third round after beating France's Jeremy Chardy 6-4 6-3, as is David Ferrer who saw off Georgia's Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-4 6-0. In the women's draw, Venus Williams recorded a straight sets (6-3 6-3) win over Slovakia's Anna Schmiedlova to set up a meeting with Casey Dellacqua of Australia. Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic suffered a shock defeat to Varvara Lepchenko of Uzbekistan -- the Serb losing in three sets 6-3 2-6 7-6 (7/2) -- but Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska is safely through to the next round after dispatching Switzerland's Romina Oprandi 6-0 6-4. China's Li Na will face America's Madison Keys in the third round. The Australian Open champion had a walkover after her second round opponent Alisa Kleybanova pulled out with a virus while Keys upset world No. 31 Daniela Hantuchova with a 6-3 6-2 victory. Read more: End of the road for Murray and Lendl . Read more: Venus trying to slam Sjogren's syndrome .
highlights: Andy Murray starts new chapter of career with second round win over world No. 67 . Scot says it's been a "hard few days" after Lendl split was announced on Wednesday . Federer and Djokovic also safely through to Miami Masters' third round . Venus Williams also a winner in the women's draw but Jelena Jankovic crashes out .
id: e0067b5ef44adcc6dde4de049393470ea7d0a73c
chatgpt: Former world number one, Andy Murray, has started a new chapter of his career with a second round win over world No. 67, Bernard Tomic, at the Miami Masters. Murray has had a tough few days after the announcement of his split with coach Ivan Lendl on Wednesday. Despite this, he showed no signs of distraction and comfortably clinched a 6-3, 6-2 victory over Tomic. Speaking after the match, Murray said, "It's been a hard few days, obviously. Me and Ivan have had a great relationship, and he's been a big part of my life on and off the court. But I'm excited to see what the future holds." Murray had been working with Lendl since 2011 and during that time, he won three Grand Slam titles and two Olympic gold medals. It is unclear who Murray will choose as his next coach, but he has stated that he intends to take his time before making a decision. Meanwhile, both Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic also advanced to the third round of the Miami Masters. Federer defeated qualifier Radu Albot 4-6, 7-5, 6-3, while Djokovic eased past Bernard Tomic's younger brother, Roko, 6-2, 6-1. In the women's draw, Venus Williams also emerged victorious, defeating Dalila Jakupovic 7-5, 6-3. However, Jelena Jankovic was unable to progress to the third round after she was defeated by Monica Niculescu 6-4, 6-1. The Miami Masters is one of the most prestigious events on the tennis calendar and attracts the world's top players. It is known for its unique courtside atmosphere, with the crowd often getting involved and cheering on their favorite players. The tournament has a strong history of producing some of the most memorable moments in tennis history. In 2005, Rafael Nadal won his first Masters title after defeating Roger Federer in an epic five-set final. And in 2012, Andy Murray produced one of the greatest comebacks in tennis history, coming back from two sets down to beat David Ferrer in the final. This year's tournament promises to provide plenty of drama and excitement, with the world's best players all vying for the title. As the tournament progresses, all eyes will be on Andy Murray to see how he performs without Lendl by his side.