article: An Iowa woman went to the hospital for stomach pains and hours later gave birth to a healthy baby boy. Misty Beaty and Scott Steele from Cedar Rapids had absolutely no idea that Misty was pregnant until the moment she gave birth to Briggs Beaty on Monday morning. It was especially a surprise for Scott who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer five years ago and was told he was sterile. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Healthy boy: Briggs Beaty was born without complication and is 7 lbs 14 oz of joy despite his mother not knowing that she was pregnant with him . Surprise gift: Misty gave birth to Briggs on Monday morning after going to the hospital for stomach pains . Proud father: Scott is beyond happy to be a father especially since doctors told him he was sterile after being diagnosed with colorectal cancer five years ago . When Misty and Scott arrived at St. Luke’s Emergency Room on Monday Morning both were shocked to discover that Misty was 9 months pregnant. The befuddled mom gave gave birth to a healthy baby boy 12 hours later, reportsKCRG.com. Briggs Beaty was born without complications and is 7 lbs 14 oz of joy. Misty explains she didn't know she was pregnant because she didn't gain a lot of weight. She added that she has a history of medical issues and spotty periods and so missing a period isn't much of a surprise. 'I didn’t have the weight gain, didn’t have the nausea and none of the morning sickness that goes along with pregnancy. Nothing.' Beaty said she only gained 10 pounds in the last year. KCRG reports that when Scott, who's known as being jokester, posted news of his wife's birth on Facebook no one believed him at first. Friend first wrote things like, 'Best joke ever,' but later wished him their heartfelt congratulations. Briggs is in a neonatal intensive care unit as a precaution but should be home with mom and dad on Thursday or Friday. Shocked: Misty defied all odds on Monday morning when she gave birth to a baby boy even though she didn't gain much weight nor did she have morning sickness or other symptoms associated with pregnancy . Home soon: Briggs is in a neonatal intensive care unit as a precaution but should be home with mom and dad on Thursday or Friday . No symptoms: Misty said she only gained 10 pounds in about a year and had no idea she was pregnant despite giving birth the a baby boy 9 while she was full term . Miracle: Both Misty and Scott say that giving birth to Briggs is a miracle considering she had no symptoms of pregnancy and her husband was told by doctors he was sterile .
highlights: Misty Beaty and Scott Steele  had absolutely no idea that Misty was pregnant until the moment she gave birth to Briggs Beaty on Monday morning . Misty said she didn't experience any pregnancy symptoms like morning sickness or weight gain despite being full term . Scott Steele was told that he was sterile due to having colorectal cancer five years ago . 'I didn’t have the weight gain, didn’t have the nausea and none of the morning sickness that goes along with pregnancy. Nothing,' said Misty .
id: cbcc47670556ae68f627eb546784d58cfc8d66bf
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, a couple from Michigan had their lives turned upside down as they welcomed their newborn baby, Briggs Beaty, into the world on Monday morning. Misty Beaty and Scott Steele had no idea that Misty was pregnant until the moment she gave birth. Misty was completely unaware of her pregnancy, as she did not experience any of the typical symptoms. "I didn't have the weight gain, didn't have the nausea and none of the morning sickness that goes along with pregnancy. Nothing," said Misty in a recent interview. Scott Steele, on the other hand, was told that he was sterile due to having colorectal cancer five years ago. Following his diagnosis, Scott underwent chemotherapy and radiation therapy which left him with little hope of fathering a child. It was a shocking turn of events when the couple welcomed their newborn son into the world. The couple did not have any preparations made for the arrival of their baby, as they had no idea that they were expecting. Misty was not aware of her pregnancy until the moment she went into labor, leaving the couple at a loss as to what to do next. Misty's unexpected pregnancy and delivery have sparked questions among healthcare professionals and the general public alike. How is it that a woman can go full-term without any indication of pregnancy? According to Dr. Jennifer Ashton, ABC News Chief Medical Correspondent, cryptic pregnancies, or pregnancies that go unnoticed until the time of delivery, are rare but not unheard of. In some cases, women may experience less pronounced or atypical symptoms due to hormone imbalances or previous pregnancies, or in rare cases, no symptoms at all. While Misty's story may be a rare occurrence, it serves as a reminder that pregnancies can be unpredictable and that women should always seek medical care if they suspect that they may be pregnant. As for Misty and Scott, they are now adjusting to life as new parents and have been overwhelmed with the love and support they have received from their family and friends. Misty has even started a GoFundMe page to help raise funds for their unexpected arrival. The unexpected arrival of Briggs Beaty has certainly shaken things up for Misty and Scott but ultimately brought them closer together. The couple is overjoyed with their new addition to the family and eagerly anticipates the start of their new life as parents.