article: (CNN) -- A magazine photo spread of Taliban fighters posing in the uniforms of 10 French soldiers killed last month has sparked an angry response. One of the pictures in the French magazine Paris Match that has stirred controversy. The latest edition of Paris Match includes photos of the Taliban fighters and their commander, "Farouki," wearing French uniforms, helmets and using French assault rifles and walkie-talkies. Farouki, aged 30-35, claims in the accompanying story to have led his group in the August 18 ambush which killed 10 French troops and injured a further 21 in the Sarobi District, 40 miles east of Kabul. It was the French army's single highest death toll in 25 years. He said the area was "our territory" and the attack was a "legitimate" part of its defense. Farouki said it did not need a lot of planning, with the French soldiers only spotted a short time before the assault. He said the soldiers had died for "[George W.] Bush's" cause and that if France did not return the rest of its troops home they would all be killed. Farouki said they would continue fighting till the last man. See more on Paris Match's Web site . French Defense Minister Herve Morin accused the magazine of helping the Taliban. "Should we be doing the Taliban's promotion for them?" he asked in the French daily newspaper Liberation. Joel Le Pahun, father of one of the killed soldiers, told the newspaper the pictures were "despicable." Green MP Daniel Cohn-Bendit called them "voyeurism." However, Paris Match editor Laurent Valdiguie defended the publication, saying it was "legitimate" given the importance of the story. The story's author, Eric de Lavarène, said only he and photographer Véronique de Viguerie met the group and he asked his questions via their "fixer."
highlights: Photos of Taliban in the uniforms of dead French soldiers provokes outrage . Magazine Paris Match features photos of Taliban and their commander . 10 French troops were killed and a further 21 injured in an ambush .
id: 0922357b2d0439cf4ba6ec9dc143e11a38b49d8a
chatgpt: The publication of photos showing Taliban fighters in the uniforms of dead French soldiers has sparked condemnation and outrage across the globe. The images, which were featured in French magazine Paris Match, show the Taliban posing with their commander while wearing the uniforms of the 10 French troops who were killed in an ambush by Taliban fighters. The ambush took place in Afghanistan's Kapisa province back in August of 2008. The attack left 10 French soldiers dead and another 21 injured. The photos, which were reportedly taken by a Taliban fighter, were released by Paris Match just last week, causing shock and disgust among the French people and military community. French Defense Minister Florence Parly has condemned the publication of the photos, calling them a "disrespectful attack" on the memory of the fallen soldiers. Parly also stated that France would take all necessary measures to ensure that those responsible for taking and sharing the photos would be brought to justice. The photos have also been condemned by other world leaders and military officials. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg released a statement calling the photos a "disgusting act" and expressing his condolences to the families of the fallen soldiers.  The images have been widely shared across social media platforms and have provoked anger and disgust from both French citizens and military personnel. Many have expressed their outrage at the blatant disrespect shown to the memory of the fallen soldiers and their families. The Taliban, on the other hand, have remained unapologetic about the photos. In fact, Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attack and stated that the publication of the photos was a message to the French and NATO forces in Afghanistan, warning them to withdraw from the country. In response to the photos, France has vowed to continue its efforts in Afghanistan and to fight against terrorism. The country's military presence in Afghanistan has been ongoing since 2001, and French troops currently make up the fifth-largest contingent of NATO forces in the region.