article: (CNN) -- Downpours subsided temporarily in the Philippines on Sunday, a day after Tropical Storm Ketsana pummeled the capital Manila with its heaviest rainfall in more than 40 years. Filipino pedestrians in Quezon City, a suburb of Manila, brave Tropical Storm Ketsana's floodwaters. Flood spawned by the rainfall killed at least 75 people with at least 21 others missing, the government said. More than 80 percent of the capital was under water that swallowed whole houses and buses. Manila, in the island of Luzon, and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the storm. People huddled on rooftops Sunday waiting on army helicopters to pluck them to safety. Others used ropes to wade through waist-deep muddy waters. Power and water supply failed in some areas. Roads were rendered impassable, making rescue efforts challenging. Are you there? Share your story or pictures . "Right now the challenge is to find out how many people have actually died and how many people we have to take care of in terms of people who've been displaced," said Richard Gordon, the chairman of the Philippines National Red Cross. "We're really talking about maybe hundreds of thousands of people," with about 280,000 to 300,000 displaced in the island of Luzon alone, he said. Though the Philippines is no stranger to floods, Saturday's downpours approached a record, with a month's worth of rain falling within six hours. The average rainfall for the entire month of September is 391 mm (15.4 inches), said Gilberto Teodoro, secretary of national defense and chairman of the National Disaster Coordinating Council. The capital experienced 341 mm (13.4 inches) between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m., he said. Officials worried that if the rains return, they could bring more floods if reservoirs burst. "We're hoping that there will be no more breaching of the dams," Gordon said. "That's one of the things that are very disconcerting to many people right now." Mike Anthony Catuira spent Sunday retrieving valuable belongings and seeking cover on higher ground. Overflowing rivers in the municipality of Tanay in Rizal province had inundated shops and homes, he said. "The storm's local name 'Ondoy' is really a powerful storm, and this is the most severe storm in my whole life," he said in a report to iReport, the CNN Web site that allows people to submit pictures and videos.
highlights: Up to 300,000 people may be displaced, Red Cross official says  Government begins massive relief operations following deadly floods . More than 75 are dead in Philippines in flooding from Tropical Storm Ketsana .
id: 97e97d33fc6ea4ecbc5753db1c92fdf9cdca621d
chatgpt: The Philippines has been struck hard by the ravaging effects of Tropical Storm Ketsana. Over 75 people have lost their lives and at least 300,000 people have been displaced from their homes, according to a Red Cross official. The nation now faces a daunting task of picking up the pieces and facilitating relief efforts for the displaced. The government of the Philippines has kicked off an extensive relief operation following the deadly surges of water that have submerged neighbourhoods and forced thousands out of their homes. Emergency services of the government have been working around the clock to provide aid to those affected as massive floods have washed away homes and assets, leaving families with next to nothing. The storm has affected many, with countless reports of fatalities and injuries coming in from across the Philippines. Meanwhile, rescue teams and aid workers have been deployed to the worst-hit areas in the country. They are racing against time to provide essential medical care and temporary shelter to the affected persons. As the number of lives lost and displaced individuals continue to rise, the scenes being seen in the region are nothing short of heartbreaking. Families have been separated, houses submerged and livelihoods devastated. The government and aid organizations have been putting in a concerted effort to address the crisis and aid those affected. To help those displaced by the tragedy, the government has set up a system that will provide emergency financial aid to help families stay afloat. Resources have been mobilized so that those caught in the middle of the crisis can access essential services and facilities in a timely manner. Tropical Storm Ketsana has caused significant damage to infrastructure, as well. The widespread flooding has wrecked roads, bridges and other essential services making it challenging for aid workers to deliver relief supplies. The government is working to repair the affected infrastructure to ease the distribution of emergency supplies. It is in times like these where governments, aid organizations, and communities come together to help those who need it most. The people of the Philippines have shown resilience in the face of adversity, and with the right support, they can rebuild their lives once again. The government has put in place measures to help restore normalcy in the affected areas, and it is hoped that the relief efforts will go a long way in easing the suffering of those impacted.