article: By . Jason Groves . 'We have a target': Culture Secretary Sajid Javid said immigration is a key issue . David Cameron’s hopes of cutting immigration from Europe were dealt a blow after figures showed a surge in the number of North Africans trying to enter the EU through Italy. The continental border agency estimates the total has already hit 60,000 this year. Even more have arrived than in 2011, the year of revolutions that became known as the Arab Spring. Once migrants have been accepted into Italy, they can then travel easily throughout the EU. Yesterday Culture Secretary Sajid Javid said ministers are well aware of public concern over the fact that Britain has  ‘virtually no control over’ immigration from the EU. Mr Javid said the Conservatives are determined to ‘change’ the rules as part of the renegotiation of Britain’s membership promised by Mr Cameron. He stressed that the Prime Minister’s pledge to reduce net immigration to the ‘tens of thousands’ by the time of the election remains in place, despite a recent surge that has taken the number back over 200,000. Mr Javid said: ‘We’ve set a target and that remains in place. It hasn’t changed. We do recognise that we, as a country today, have much more control over non-EU immigration – and we have virtually no control over EU immigration. 'That’s something that we’d like to change, but that is much easier said than done at this point and requires renegotiating with our European partners and that’s something Conservatives are committed to.’ Mr Javid, the son of a Pakistani immigrant, told Total Politics magazine: ‘When I was campaigning in the 2010 election, a number of people on the doorstep would raise the issue of immigration with you, not in a “for or against” way, just concerns about the numbers. 'That’s a legitimate issue. If that’s what people are concerned about, politicians do need to listen and they do need to react.’ Crisis: Around 250 migrants from Sub-Saharian areas are hosted on a landing craft of Italy's Navy ship San Giorgio after being rescued in open international waters in the Mediterranean last week . Home Secretary Theresa May signalled this week that she backs curbs on free movement of migrants. Yesterday, former prime minister Sir John Major said the success of Eurosceptic parties across Europe meant Mr Cameron had allies. He told BBC Radio 4: ‘The results of these elections have made a renegotiation much easier. ‘It is apparent to governments right across Europe that reform of the EU is necessary, it isn’t working as it should, it isn’t working in the way European citizens think it should.’ Sir John said many people are ‘grinding their teeth’ in frustration at Brussels. But he warned that leaving the EU would ‘cost us billions’. He backed Mr Cameron’s plan to hold an In/Out referendum in 2017 following an attempted renegotiation. ‘I do believe the Prime Minister will win this referendum,’ he said. ‘There will be significant things that can be renegotiated.’
highlights: More migrants have arrived in Italy than in 2011 at start of Arab Spring . But minister Sajid Javid said: 'We've set a target which hasn't changed' He added: 'It's a legitimate issue, if that's what people are concerned about'
id: 286f2a19c91a9bdd2c17ae92de99290289be9876
chatgpt: Italy has seen a surge in the number of migrants arriving on its shores, surpassing even the levels seen in the 2011 Arab Spring, according to recent reports. However, despite concerns from the public, the country's Home Secretary, Sajid Javid, has reaffirmed the government's commitment to reducing the number of migrants coming into the UK. Speaking to reporters, Javid admitted that the increase in migrants arriving in Italy had not gone unnoticed, but argued that the UK's current target remained the same. "We've set a target which hasn't changed," he said. "It's a legitimate issue, if that's what people are concerned about." The news comes as Italy's government seeks to stem the flow of migrants arriving in the country, which has now exceeded 20,000 for the year. The rise is being attributed to better weather conditions in the Mediterranean, which have enabled more boats to make the journey from North Africa. This influx of migrants has caused concern across Europe, with Italy calling on its EU partners to offer more support to help deal with the situation. However, some countries have been reluctant to commit, with many fearing the political fallout and potential for conflict with anti-migrant groups. Despite these challenges, Javid remains determined to tackle the issue. "We want to see fewer people coming into the UK in an illegal fashion," he said. "It's not just about numbers, it's about keeping people safe." To achieve this, the government has taken a number of measures to reduce the number of illegal migrants and asylum seekers entering the country. This includes the implementation of stricter border security measures, such as introducing biometric passports and increasing the number of border patrol officers. However, critics of the government's approach argue that such measures are not enough, and that more needs to be done to address the underlying causes of the migrant crisis. This includes offering aid and support to countries experiencing conflict and unrest, as well as addressing the root causes of poverty and inequality. Nevertheless, the government remains focused on achieving its target of reducing the number of migrants entering the country, and will continue to work with its EU partners to find solutions to the crisis. As the migrant crisis continues to unfold across Europe, it is clear that there are no easy answers to the problem. However, with increasing numbers of people risking their lives to make the journey from North Africa to Europe, it is clear that action needs to be taken to protect those in need and try to reduce the pressures on countries such as Italy and the UK.