article: A giant 18-metre tall Santa Claus that has watched over a capital city each festive season since the 1960s may have seen in his last Christmas. Looking down on busy Queen Street in the city of Auckland on New Zealand's North Island, the huge icon has been deemed unworthy of the $180,000 bill it takes to care for him each year. Locals know the figure for his 'creepy' winking eye and wagging finger, The New Zealand Herald reported, but they're also devastated to see him go. Scroll down for video . This giant Santa that has looked over Auckland for more than half a century may have seen his last Christmas . Tipping the scales at five-tonnes the Santa statue is more than half a century old, and his care was funded by national bookstore chain Whitcoulls until December 2008. But according to the website, Whitcoulls announced they were no longer in a position to foot the bill and gave Santa to the city of Auckland as a gift. From then the city centre business association Heart of the City (HotCity) partially funded the creepy statue's existence with the help of some sponsorships. He has been looking over Auckland, New Zealand for more than half a centurt . The jolly man had a make-over and his disturbing winking eye was fixed so his presence  was a little less frightening. But despite this a few years back he was voted the world's creepiest Christmas ornament by an American website. New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key spoke to More FM on Thursday morning, calling the demise of the special Santa Claus a national outrage. 'I remember that Santa there with the slightly dodgy winking eye and the finger. But apparently the winking eye has been fixed up. It's been around since 1960 for goodness sake.' A few years back he was voted the world's creepiest Christmas ornament by an American website . He added that a working bee could be a good idea to help cover the costs, as the government wouldn't be able to help the city out and fund the friendly figure. In a bid to try and save the Santa Claus the SkyCity hotel in Auckland has kicked off donations with $50,000, and encouraged other businesses to join. But for now, the jolly statue is in pieces in storage, and will be kept there until it's decided what to do with him. But one thing is for sure, locals are very upset about the loss of the statue that's knows when they're all sleeping, and knows when they're awake . For now, the jolly statue is in pieces in storage, and will be kept there until it's decided what to do with him .
highlights: The huge Santa Claus figure has looked over Auckland since the 1960s . He may not see another Christmas because he costs $180K a year . New Zealand's Prime Minister suggested a working bee to save Father Christmas .
id: 4328b3346e27f87145ba9ab78935d27cb3a988f1
chatgpt: The beloved Santa Claus figure that has looked over Auckland since the 1960s may not see another Christmas due to the costly upkeep. With an annual expense of $180K to maintain the iconic tourist attraction, the future of this shining beacon of Christmas cheer was uncertain. However, New Zealand's Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern, recently suggested a working bee to save Father Christmas. The giant Santa Claus statue has been a fixture of Auckland's festive season since it was first erected in 1960. At 18 meters tall, the fiberglass figure has watched over Auckland's festivities, becoming a cherished part of the city's Christmas traditions. However, the cost of maintaining the statue has become an increasing concern. The most recent estimates suggest that it costs $180,000 per year to keep Father Christmas in good repair - far more than many people realize. At a time when budgets are already strained, this is a significant amount of money. Given the financial burden of maintaining the statue, the possibility of removing it and replacing it with a more modest version has been raised. This move would be sad news for Aucklanders and tourists alike, who have grown to love the quirky charm of Santa Claus's towering presence. Thankfully, Jacinda Ardern's suggestion of a working bee to save Father Christmas offers a glimmer of hope. Ardern has suggested that the public could band together to help refurbish the statue, potentially cutting the costs involved. The idea is that people could volunteer their time and resources to help maintain the statue, preserving it for future generations. Ardern's suggestion of a working bee has been met with widespread support. Many people in Auckland have already taken to social media to express their gratitude for the Prime Minister's initiative. Several prominent business leaders have also pledged their support, offering to provide resources like materials and equipment to help with the refurbishment. Of course, it remains to be seen whether the working bee will be enough to save Father Christmas. There are significant challenges involved, and the costs of refurbishing a statue of this size will still be substantial. However, the initiative reflects the importance that many Aucklanders place on traditions and community spirit. By coming together to preserve an iconic piece of their shared heritage, they are sending a powerful message about the importance of generosity, kindness, and collaboration. As we approach the festive season, the future of Santa Claus in Auckland continues to hang in the balance. But thanks to the efforts of Jacinda Ardern and the collective goodwill of Aucklanders, there is hope that this symbol of Christmas cheer will endure for many more years to come. We can only hope that Santa Claus will look over Auckland for generations to come, with renewed sparkle in his eyes and a sense of gratitude for the community that saved him.