article: Danny Welbeck’s impressive start to his Arsenal career can largely be attributed to the players and backroom staff assembled at the Emirates, according to Calum Chambers. Chambers, who also arrived at the Gunners this summer following a £12million move from Southampton, has praised the welcoming nature of the squad and staff at the north London club. ‘He has settled in really well,’ said Chambers of his team-mate, after the former Manchester United striker scored a hat-trick in Arsenal’s 4-1 win over Galatasaray at the Emirates on Wednesday night. Danny Welbeck scored a hat-trick in Arsenal's Champions League clash against Galatasaray on Wednesday . Welbeck and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain pose with the match ball after the striker scored his first career treble . Alexis Sanchez was seen sporting an ice pack on his ankle in the second half after he was substituted . Chambers added: ‘When I first came, I said the bunch of lads here and the staff are so welcoming to a new person that it is hard not to settle in quickly to be honest.' Welbeck's treble takes him to four goals in five appearances for the Gunners and also marked the first professional hat-trick of his career. ‘He is an athlete with pace and power on the ball and he is willing to work hard,' said Chambers. 'He is a goalscorer, so he is everything you could ask for. He is a great influence for the team.’ Calum Chambers has enjoyed a strong start to his career at Arsenal following his move from Southampton . Alexis Sanchez, Arsenal’s £30million arrival from Barcelona, has also impressed since signing from the Nou Camp. Sanchez scored Arsenal’s third goal on the night with a well-taken finish shortly before the interval. But the Chile international was later substituted and was seen nursing a knock to his ankle with an ice pack ahead of Sunday’s London derby against Chelsea. Ahead of the clash at Stamford Bridge, Chambers said: 'We will go into it with high hopes and we are on a good run. 'We had a good result tonight and we will give it our best shot. It will be a tough game, but we will go into it 100 per cent focused and look for a result.'
highlights: Former Manchester United striker scored a hat-trick against Galatasaray . It marked his first career treble and inspired Arsenal to a 4-1 victory . Chambers, a £12million summer signing from Southampton, claimed it is 'hard not to settle in' at the Emirates Stadium .
id: f70e8469ca7c383ad6f35b8e8859d9a8f9eebb24
chatgpt: Former Manchester United striker, Danny Welbeck, scored his first career hat-trick as Arsenal secured a comprehensive 4-1 victory against Galatasaray in the Champions League on Wednesday. The England international, who joined the Gunners on transfer deadline day, was a constant threat to the visitors throughout the match. Welbeck opened the scoring in the 22nd minute after a superb run down the left-hand side by Alexis Sanchez, before doubling Arsenal's lead on the stroke of half-time with a composed finish. The 23-year-old completed his hat-trick in the second half with a well-timed header from Santi Cazorla's corner. The former Manchester United man was delighted with his performance and credited his teammates for helping him settle in quickly at the Emirates Stadium. "It's always good to contribute to the team and get the goals. It's hard not to settle in with the quality of players we've got here," he said. The victory was also a timely one for Arsenal, who had endured a difficult start to their Champions League campaign with a defeat to Borussia Dortmund in their opening match. The win over Galatasaray sees the Gunners move up to second in Group D, level on points with Dortmund. Despite the impressive performance, Arsenal manager, Arsene Wenger, refused to get carried away and urged his side to maintain their focus ahead of a testing fixture against Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday. "We have to keep our feet on the ground and keep our focus on the next game. We know we have a big challenge ahead of us on Sunday," he said. One player who will be hoping to make an impact against Chelsea is Arsenal's summer signing, Calum Chambers. The 19-year-old, who joined the Gunners from Southampton for £12million, has made an impressive start to his career at the Emirates and claimed it is "hard not to settle in" at the club. Chambers has already made a number of appearances for Arsenal this season and has impressed with his composure and versatility. The England Under-21 international is likely to have a key role to play against Chelsea, with Wenger keen to rotate his squad ahead of a busy period of fixtures. Overall, it was a night to remember for Arsenal as they secured an important victory in the Champions League and saw one of their new signings, Calum Chambers, laud their Emirates Stadium home, while Danny Welbeck grabbed his first career hat-trick to fire them to victory. The Gunners will be hoping to build on this performance as they look to challenge for silverware on all fronts this season.