article: A woman who was trying to create a Frankenstein dog in a series of sick experiments involving dead and live animals has been arrested. The woman had almost 100 dead animal bodies some of which had looked like they had been experimented on in the freezers of her home in Warsaw, Poland. Officers raided the house an acting on a tip-off from neighbours who had complained about the smell and noise created from dozens of cats in the building. Grim: The woman had almost 100 dead animal bodies some of which had looked like they had been experimented on in the freezers of her home in Warsaw, Poland . Arrested: The woman who was trying to create a Frankenstein dog in a series of sick experiments involving dead and live animals has been arrested . Rescued: The woman had almost 100 dead bodies some of which had been experimented on in freezers in her house in Warsaw, Poland, when they raided an acting on a tip-off from neighbours . In total animal welfare officers found 72 cats all of whom were severely malnourished and said that the conditions in the house were disgusting with animal waste in every room. A police spokesman said: 'She was banned from keeping dogs, she had become obsessed with creating a new breed of dog and when that became no longer possible she switched to experimenting with cats.' 'There has obviously been some sort of sick experiments going on but until we get the autopsy is back on the bodies and have looked at the injuries to the life cats we won't know more about exactly what she was doing here. The woman faces up to two years in jail this time for animal cruelty if police confirm that the animals were abused for illegal experimentation purposes. Horrified: The healthy cats were removed from the home by a horrified animal charity . Jail time: The woman faces up to two years in jail this time for animal cruelty if police confirm that the animals were abused for illegal experimentation purposes . Saved: The cats are carried out the house after being rescued from the Polish home . Disgusting: In total animal welfare officers found 72 cats all of whom were severely malnourished and said that the conditions in the house were disgusting with animal waste in every room .
highlights: The woman had almost 100 dead bodies in her house in . Warsaw, Poland . Neighbours had complained about the smell and police investigated . She had been banned from keeping dogs so turned her attention to cats . In total officers found 72 cats who were severely malnourished . Woman now faces up to to two years in jail for animal cruelty .
id: 2970124427027833cead5775f298df168666d5d8
chatgpt: A disturbing discovery was made in Warsaw, Poland, as police officers uncovered almost 100 dead bodies in a woman's home. Local residents had complained about the foul smell coming from the property, which sparked an investigation. Upon inspecting the home, officers found dozens of dead cats and other small animals littering the floors, while 72 severely malnourished cats were discovered alive and in desperate need of medical attention. It was revealed that the woman had been previously banned from keeping dogs, so she had turned her attention to cats instead. The animals were kept in appalling conditions, with little access to food or water. The woman, whose name has not been released, now faces up to two years in jail for animal cruelty. In Poland, those convicted of such crimes can also be banned from owning pets in the future. Animal welfare organizations have expressed their shock and horror at the discovery, calling for stricter laws and harsher punishments for those who mistreat animals. "This is an incredibly disturbing case of animal cruelty," said a spokesperson for the local animal welfare charity. "It is heartbreaking to see so many innocent animals suffering in such inhumane conditions. We urge authorities to take swift and decisive action against those who commit such heinous crimes." The case has also raised questions about the effectiveness of animal welfare laws in Poland. While the country has made efforts to address cruelty to animals, more needs to be done to protect innocent creatures from abuse and neglect. The woman's neighbors, who were unaware of the extent of the situation, expressed their shock and disbelief at the discovery. Many said they had noticed a strange smell in the air, but had no idea of the horrors taking place just a few meters from their homes. As the details of this tragic case continue to emerge, animal lovers around the world are calling for justice, and for greater protections for our furry friends. No innocent animal should have to suffer in such appalling conditions, and it is up to all of us to speak out against cruelty and neglect, and to ensure that those who commit such crimes are brought to justice.