article: (CNN)Fans of a heroic dog who fought in vain to save her owner's life in an Ohio house fire have donated more than $28,000 toward the $25,000 goal for the care of the 9-year-old boxer named Carmen. The injured dog, owned by Ben Ledford of Goshen Township, is doing much better in an animal hospital recovering from smoke inhalation, said Phil Ledford, the victim's brother, on the Crowdrise website. "Our family continues to be amazed at the amount of donations, support, thoughts and prayers being said for our family and Carmen. We are still trying to find the right words to truly express our appreciation," Ledford said in a Wednesday note. "Carmen is still doing well," said Ledford. The canine is now in physical therapy. "She's working on being able to stand up on her own again, among other things.  Because she's fully awake and alert, our visits are short.  We want her to save her energy for PT. "It's exciting to see her recognize us, try to greet us and give us expressions that show her personality shining through once again," he said. On Thursday, Carmen was "a little more awake" and her "appetite continues to improve as you can see she is cleaning her bowl." Many dog lovers posted messages with their donations. "We have a boxer baby, and this act of devotion is not surprising," Don and Lukasz Mallory wrote Friday on the crowdfunding site.  "Prayers to the family for their loss and to Carmen for a fast recovery. If a dog can be this devoted to a human being, how much more should we be to each other." Carmen dramatically tried to save her owner's life in the February 5 fire. Deadly flames licked all around her, but Carmen refused to leave her owner in a suburban Cincinnati basement. First responders to the fire found Carmen on top of Ledford, trying to shelter his face from the heat, smoke and flame, according to CNN affiliate WCPO. Ledford, 33, was taken to a hospital where he died. Carmen ended up at Cincinnati's Care Center, a critical care veterinary hospital. Carmen was initially battling severe lung damage, Dr. Daniel Carey, a vet at the hospital, told WCPO. The canine was taken off a ventilator on Tuesday and began breathing on her own, according to the Facebook page of the animal hospital Care Center Vets in Cincinnati. She was to come off fluids and IV medications Friday. Dr. Marlo Anderson, another vet at the hospital who is caring for the dog, told WCPO she was not at all surprised that Carmen tried to save her owner. "A lot of dogs instinctively know when there's a crisis going on and so a lot of them do go to try to protect their owners, so she very well may have been trying to protect him," she said. CNN's Doug Criss contributed to this report.
highlights: More than $28,000 is donated for Carmen, a 9-year-old boxer . Dog unsuccessfully tried to save her owner in a Ohio house fire . "Our family continues to be amazed at the amount of donations," victim's brother says .
id: 8f5ac91cd48d917c77b67693c978e917596a5d32
chatgpt: A heartbreaking story of a brave dog who tried to save her owner in a house fire has touched the hearts of many people around the world. Despite Carmen's efforts, her owner tragically passed away in the fire. However, her bravery has not gone unnoticed, and more than $28,000 has been donated to support Carmen in the aftermath of the devastating incident. Carmen is a 9-year-old boxer who lived with her owner in Ohio. The fire broke out in the early hours of the morning, and Carmen was the only survivor. She was found by the firefighters lying next to her owner, who unfortunately did not make it. When news of Carmen's bravery spread, people from all over the world wanted to help. A fundraising page was set up to support Carmen, and the response has been overwhelming. Thousands of people have donated to help cover Carmen's medical expenses and provide for her long-term care. "Our family continues to be amazed at the amount of donations that have been flooding in," said the victim's brother, who also set up the fundraising page. "We are so grateful for the outpouring of love and support that has been shown to Carmen during this difficult time." Carmen's injuries from the fire were severe, and she had to undergo surgery to remove damaged tissue. Her recovery has been slow but steady, and she is now receiving the best possible care thanks to the generous donations of people around the world. The outpouring of support for Carmen is a testament to the strong bond between humans and their pets. Dogs are often considered to be members of the family, and in Carmen's case, her bravery in the face of danger has only strengthened the love that people feel for her. "Even though Carmen was unable to save her owner, she still fought bravely to protect her," said one supporter. "She deserves all the help and care that she can get, and we are happy to donate whatever we can to support her." Carmen's story is a reminder of the importance of pets in our lives, and how they can bring joy, comfort, and even courage to us when we need it most. The donations that have been made for Carmen show that people are willing to come together and support each other in times of crisis, and that even in the face of tragedy, there is still hope and kindness to be found.