article: Washington (CNN) -- A Maryland man accused of making threats against his workplace and who had a large cache of legally owned weapons was charged Wednesday with a misdemeanor, according to state officials. Neil Prescott, 28, has been charged with misuse of a telephone and will be formally arrested once he is released from a hospital, where he's been undergoing a court-ordered mental evaluation. Prescott was taken into custody early Friday morning and a search of his home revealed about 25 weapons, including hand guns and assault rifles, along with 40 large steel boxes of assorted ammunition, officials said. Maryland man who called himself 'joker' taken into custody . Angela Alsobrooks, the state's attorney for Prince George's County, said that although Prescott allegedly made serious threats, it was not possible to bring felony charges. "Maryland does not have a statute on the books that makes it expressly illegal for a person to communicate generalized threats over the telephone," said Alsobrooks. She said Maryland should have a stronger law about such threats and that she would lobby for one. Alsobrooks also said no weapons charges could be brought because Prescott owns his guns legally. Prescott worked as a subcontractor for Pitney Bowes and was in the process of being fired. On July 23, he was on the phone with a supervisor and allegedly said several times, "I am a joker. I'm going to load my guns and blow everybody up," according to local police. Police officials said they took the threats seriously and were sensitive to the use of the word 'joker' in the aftermath of the July 20 mass shooting at an Aurora, Colorado, movie complex showing the latest Batman movie, "The Dark Knight Rises." The Joker was the villain in a previous film in the series and also appears in the comic book series that inspired the films. Suspect James Holmes was arrested in the Aurora shootings and charged with murdering 12 people and wounding dozens more. Alsobrooks said that Prescott is still hospitalized in Maryland. If convicted on the misdemeanor charge, he faces a maximum sentence of three years in jail, a fine of $500 or both. In a Friday news conference, police also revealed that when they interviewed Prescott on Thursday, he was wearing a T-shirt saying, "Guns don't kill people. I do." Later that day, a judge issued an order for Prescott to be hospitalized for evaluation. Analysis: Fewer U.S. gun owners own more guns . Democrats propose limits on online ammo sales . CNN's Ted Metzger contributed to this report.
highlights: State's attorney for Prince George's County says felony charges not possible . Angela Alsobrooks urges stronger threat laws in Maryland . Neil Prescott, 28, has been charged with misuse of a telephone . Prescott is in a hospital undergoing mental evaluation .
id: 8f89b37e28520d00d04f6617405f47f056a901c6
chatgpt: Neil Prescott, a 28-year-old man from Crofton, Maryland, has been charged with misuse of a telephone following a June 2018 incident where he allegedly made threatening calls to his employer. Angela Alsobrooks, the State's Attorney for Prince George's County, announced on Tuesday that while felony charges were not possible in this case, it highlights the need for stronger threat laws in Maryland. "Mr. Prescott's call to his employer conveyed a serious and credible threat, causing fear and alarm in the workplace," Alsobrooks said at a press conference. "Unfortunately, our current laws do not provide for felony charges in these types of situations. We must do better to protect our communities." Prescott remains in a hospital undergoing a mental evaluation. According to authorities, he allegedly made calls to his workplace, a software company located in the Washington, D.C. area, warning of a coming mass shooting. The company went into lockdown and alerted police. Authorities found several firearms in Prescott's home during a search, but determined that he did not have the means to carry out the alleged threat. As a result, he was charged with the misdemeanor crime of misuse of a telephone. "Although he did not possess the ability to carry out the act he threatened, we must take all threats seriously and respond accordingly," Alsobrooks said. "This case underscores the need for stronger threat laws in our state." The incident also highlights the ongoing issue of mass shootings in the United States and the need for additional measures to prevent such tragedies. According to the Gun Violence Archive, there have been 272 mass shootings in the U.S. so far this year, resulting in 337 deaths and 1,292 injuries. Maryland has taken steps in recent years to strengthen its gun laws, including banning bump stocks and expanding background checks. However, advocates for stronger gun control measures have called for additional reforms, including tighter restrictions on access to firearms for individuals with mental health issues. Prescott's case will likely serve as a focal point in ongoing discussions about balancing public safety with individual rights and freedoms. It remains to be seen what actions, if any, Maryland lawmakers will take to address the issue of threat laws in the state. For now, Prescott remains in custody and undergoing a mental evaluation. His next court appearance is scheduled for next month.