article: By . Stian Alexander . PUBLISHED: . 15:22 EST, 25 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:22 EST, 25 December 2012 . A man who was stunned to discover a super-rare perfectly round egg sold it on Ebay for £91. The egg is a billion-to-one find, according to Forklift driver Mark Cameron, who shelled out just 21p for the amazing foodstuff. The 45-year-old discovered it in a box of six eggs from a Morrisons store in Thamesmead, south London, as he started to prepare himself an omelette. Poor chicken: Forklift truck driver Mark found a perfectly round egg in his Morrisons carton. He raised £91 by selling it on eBay . Cracking find: Mark's research uncovered just two other perfectly circular eggs . Intrigued, he did a little research and found that just two have been found in the UK in recent years, despite Brits consuming 11billion eggs every year. So instead of cracking it for a meal he decided to put it on eBay to see how much it would fetch. To his astonishment, the egg racked up 38 bids over five days. It was eventually sold for £91. The egg cannot be eaten as it is know passed its sell-by-date, but that didn't deter bidders on eBay . The eBay listing read: 'Rare Unique Item, Round Chicken Egg 100 per cent real with Lion time and date stamp. 'Only One in a Billion chance of finding such an egg. 'The egg has become 'eggstreamly' popular and I have decided to donate the money raised to a UK-based charity. 'The winning bidder will decide which charity the money will go to and proof of donation will be given. 'Item will be very securely packaged within a bubble wrapped parcel.' He adds, however, that the egg cannot be eaten as it is past its expiry date, adding: "'his is not for human consumption as it has reached its expiry date.' Speaking this week, Mr Cameron said: 'I got home after shopping and there it was sitting in the box - a perfectly round egg. 'I took it to work and a showed it to a lot of people. 'It's certainly been a talking point. No one's ever seen anything like it. 'I've only heard of a perfectly round egg being found in Britain twice in the past few years, so it had to be worth a fair bit - it's a billion-to-one find. 'I haven't got a clue how it was formed. I wouldn't want to be the chicken who laid it, put it that way. 'And I don't fancy putting it on my toast either.' Earlier this year mum-of-two Cassie Greenhill, of Enfield, north London, found a perfectly round egg as she prepared a meal for her 14-year-old son Harry and in 2010 one was found by chef James Church at The Hotel Bristol in Newquay, Cornwall. Valuable: The winning bidder shelled out £91 for the unusual egg. The money will go to a charity of their choice .
highlights: Mark Cameron discovers incredibly rare round egg as he prepared an omelette . He found only two recently-recorded eggs like it . He sold it on eBay and raised £91, half of which will go to charity .
id: 5a9a41c4b37fb72279723614456ebe5a6688ea7a
chatgpt: Mark Cameron, a resident of north-western England, made a startling discovery while preparing breakfast. Mark had been cooking omelettes for years, but he had never seen an egg like the one he was holding in his hand. As he cracked the egg open, he was taken aback by its perfectly round shape. The yolk and egg white were contained within a smooth and symmetrical shell, which was unlike any other egg he had seen before. Mark did some research and discovered that round eggs were incredibly rare. In fact, there had been only two recently-recorded instances of such a phenomenon in the United Kingdom. Sensing an opportunity, Mark decided to put his round egg up for sale on eBay. The unusual nature of the egg caught the attention of many bidders, and the auction quickly became a hot topic on social media. As the bids kept coming in, Mark watched in amazement as the price for his egg soared higher and higher. Eventually, he sold the egg for a staggering £91 to a bidder from the United States. Mark was thrilled with the outcome of the auction, but he had no intention of keeping all the proceeds for himself. He had decided that he would donate half of the money to charity. When asked about his decision, Mark said, "I'm over the moon that I was able to sell the egg for such a high price, but I didn't want to keep all the money for myself. I believe that when we have something valuable, we should share it with others who need it more than we do." Mark's selflessness did not go unnoticed, as many people praised him for his charitable act on social media. His story went viral, and he was contacted by several news outlets who wanted to hear more about the incredible success of his eBay auction. As for the buyer of the round egg, they were thrilled to acquire such a unique piece of natural history. They said that they planned to display the egg in their home, where it would serve as a conversation starter for years to come. The incident has sparked a renewed interest in round eggs, and many people are now on the lookout for these rare treasures. Experts believe that the shape of the egg is caused by a genetic mutation, which occurs in less than 0.1% of chickens. While the chances of finding a round egg are slim, Mark's story proves that it is possible. And even if we do not find a round egg, we can always follow Mark's example and share our wealth with those who are less fortunate than us.