article: Michel Platini is refusing to back incumbent Sepp Blatter or challenger Jerome Champagne in next year's FIFA presidential election with the UEFA boss saying he hopes a third candidate will emerge. Speaking to French radio Europe 1 on Tuesday, the former France captain said that it was time for Blatter, who is running for a fifth consecutive term after being first elected in 1998, to leave the stage. 'I supported him in 1998 because I think he was the right person at the time but after five (sic) terms it is time to let some fresh air in and leave the place to someone else,' the Frenchman said. UEFA president Michel Platini says it is time for Sepp Blatter to leave FIFA . Platini is backing neither candidate - Blatter and Jerome Champagne - at next year's FIFA presidential election . 'The image of FIFA is very, very, very bad so that's why I think it would be good that he (Blatter) stops, but I don't think he wants to.' Asked who he would back for the election, Platini said none of the two candidates had his preference. 'Neither,' said the 59-year-old, who confirmed in August that he would not be running in the election due to be held next May. 'I hope others will run,' he added, explaining that a candidate from another continent would stand a better chance of usurping Blatter. 'Another European candidate would have very little chance of winning,' Platini said.
highlights: Sepp Blatter is standing for a fifth term at next year's presidential election . Michel Platini wants Blatter to leave football's governing body . Jerome Champagne is the only other candidate challenging Blatter . Platini will be backing neither, and hopes another person steps forward .
id: 6d8902716491030040ae38a0547539d13173aa4f
chatgpt: Sepp Blatter, the current president of Fifa, has confirmed that he will be standing for a fifth term during next year's presidential election. Blatter has been in charge of the footballing organization since 1998, and he believes that he still has a lot to offer the world of football. However, Blatter's decision to run for president again hasn't been met with universal approval. Michel Platini, the former France footballer and current president of UEFA, has called for Blatter to leave football's governing body. Platini is a popular figure within football, and his opinion is highly respected. He has been critical of Blatter in the past, and he believes that it is time for a change. Jerome Champagne is the only other candidate challenging Blatter in the upcoming election. Champagne is a former diplomat and has served as a vice-president of Fifa. Despite his experience, Champagne is considered to be something of an outsider in the race for the presidency. Interestingly, Platini will not be backing either Blatter or Champagne during the election. He hopes that another person will step forward and offer a fresh approach to the leadership of Fifa. Platini is known for his commitment to fair play and transparency, and he believes that the organization needs a leader who shares those values. In conclusion, the upcoming Fifa presidential election promises to be an interesting affair. Blatter is a well-known figure in football and has the advantage of incumbency. However, with Platini calling for change and a new candidate possibly entering the race, it remains to be seen who will come out on top.