article: Honolulu (CNN) -- Hawaii has the lowest voter turnout rate in the country. As part of a new CNN project called Change the List, I'm trying to create a conversation that could change that. But I'll need your help to make it work. Here's what you can do: In the gallery at the top of this story you'll find information about six nonvoters in Hawaii. They have some interesting reasons for not voting. One is a high school student who has specific political interests but says he feels too young and uninformed to participate in something as serious as voting. Hawaii: The state that doesn't vote . Another doesn't want Hawaii to be part of the United States, so she doesn't participate on principle, even though she could try to vote in leaders that would push against statehood. Another was driving to the polls during a recent election and turned back because she heard the winner of the presidential race announced on her car radio. Hawaii is six hours behind Eastern Time. When you find someone you like, send them a message on Twitter, YouTube, iReport, Instagram, Facebook -- wherever, as long as the post is public. Just be sure to include the hashtag you see on their images -- #CTL1 through #CTL6. CTL means "Change the List." You also can send video messages to the nonvoters in the comments section at the bottom of this page. Again, please tag them #CTL1, #CTL2, etc. I'm collecting the messages and will relay them to the nonvoters. You can see the responses other people have sent on these pages: . Messages to Paul . Messages to Michael . Messages to Nani . Messages to Skyler . Messages to Nanci . Messages to Tyler . Before I go, a half-desparate appeal to civility: These people kindly and bravely agreed to be part of this experiment. Please treat them with respect. Give a piece of your story: Why do you vote? Or why is it important to you that everyone takes part in our democracy? Personal attacks will not be featured on the site. OK, that hall-monitor moment is over. Sorry. Had to be said. After the election, I'll report back on which, if any, of these nonvoters changes their minds. Subscribe to the Change the List Tumblr for updates. And thanks for your help!
highlights: Change the List is a new project from CNN Opinion . The effort is led by CNN's John D. Sutter . We aim to bring change to places that need it most . Our first project: Voter turnout in the United States .
id: 985744a53d044b5128cd2c8a64a8ba4b24cb9f99
chatgpt: CNN Opinion is proud to announce its newest venture, Change the List - a project aimed at bringing positive change to places that are in dire need of it. Spearheading this effort is renowned journalist John D. Sutter, and the first initiative that the project has taken up is the issue of low voter turnout in the United States. In recent years, the United States has seen a significant decline in voter turnout rates. In 2020, the voter turnout rate for the presidential elections was just 66.7%, down from 68.8% in 2016. This is especially concerning because voting is one of the most fundamental rights of any citizen in a democratic country. Change the List's goal is to address this issue by raising awareness about the importance of voting and encouraging more people to participate in the democratic process. The project will work with community leaders, local organizations and interested citizens to create a movement that brings people together and helps build momentum towards increased voter participation. The project also aims to identify the reasons why people don't vote and address them head-on. The reasons for poor voter turnout rates are varied - from disillusionment with the political system and lack of trust in politicians to logistical challenges such as long lines, lack of access to polling stations, and difficulty in navigating voter registration. Change the List intends to create a comprehensive plan to tackle these issues. As part of the project, CNN Opinion launched an extensive voter survey to gauge the public sentiment on voting. The survey revealed a number of eye-opening results - some people expressed that their vote doesn't count, while others weren't aware of the candidates running in their area. Change the List intends to address these deeper issues by providing voters with more information and empowering them to make informed decisions. The project also aims to highlight the positive impact that voting can have on societies. It's important for people to realize that their vote can make a difference and can help shape the world they live in. Change the List will showcase the stories of individuals whose lives have been positively impacted by their own vote or the votes of others. John D. Sutter, the leader of this effort, believes that Change the List has the potential to make a tangible impact. "Our work is really about helping people understand how they can make their voices heard and make a difference," he said. "We believe that everyone can play a role in creating a better future, and we're excited to see what we can accomplish through this project." Change the List's initiative to increase voter turnout in the United States is just the beginning. The project aims to take on other pressing issues such as healthcare, education and climate change - all with the goal to create meaningful change in the world. CNN Opinion invites interested citizens and organizations to be a part of this incredible initiative and take part in making a positive difference in our society.