article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Rapper Lil Wayne's "just resting" two days after suffering a seizure that sent him to a Los Angeles hospital and triggered media reports that he was near death. Details about the Grammy-winning and multiplatinum-selling hip hop artist's medical problem have been few, but it appears the reports of his demise were exaggerated. "He's good, just resting," said a close friend who visited the rapper at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Saturday night. Lil Wayne fans around the world were stunned by the reports. Twitter lit up with rumors, spreading fears of the worst for Wayne's outcome, but a Tweet in his name attempted to calm the tempest. "I'm good everybody," read a message from Lil Wayne's Twitter account Friday evening. "Thnx for the prayers and love." There was no weeping for "Weezy," as he's known among his friends, in the hallway near his hospital room Friday night. They talked more about a Twitter feud that erupted Friday between rappers Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka than about Lil Wayne's condition. Fellow rapper Drake was one of several of Lil Wayne's Young Money record label mates who have visited him since Friday night. Young Money publicist Sarah Cunningham acknowledged Friday that Lil Wayne had had a seizure, but members of the New Orleans artist's camp have shot down reports that he was near death. "Dont believe the nonsense about comas and tubes to breathe ... that's false!!" tweeted Mack Maine, the president of Lil Wayne's Young Money label, around 5:20 p.m. (8:20 p.m. ET) Friday. Maine didn't offer much detail, though he did say that he and Lil Wayne had been watching the Syracuse University Orange play the Georgetown Hoyas in the Big East men's basketball tournament. "Wayne is alive and well!" the record label president wrote on Twitter. The rapper's independent publicist, Kia Selby, said only, "Lil Wayne is doing well." She strongly denied reports he was in a medically induced coma, as reported by TMZ. Born Dwayne Carter, Lil Wayne is one of the rap world's most successful artists. He won best rap album for "Tha Carter III" at the 2008 Grammy awards and took home three more Grammys the next year. Beyond winning over critics, he's also been a commercial success. Last September, Billboard reported the rapper had tallied 109 hits on its Hot 100, surpassing the record previously held by Elvis Presley. But he's also run into trouble outside the studio and off stage. Lil Wayne was arrested in 2007 outside New York City's Beacon Theater after police said they found a .40-caliber pistol on his tour bus. He pleaded guilty to felony gun charges and spending eight months at New York's Rikers Island jail. CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
highlights: Drake and other label mates visit Lil Wayne at hospital . No weeping for "Weezy" among his friends near his hospital room . "I'm good everybody," read a message from Lil Wayne's Twitter account Friday evening . His publicist says the rapper suffered a seizure .
id: 215de2acee59834febca5591c3162daa31dbe4f3
chatgpt: Rapper Lil Wayne has been visited by his close friends and label mates at the hospital where he was admitted after suffering a seizure. Among his visitors was fellow rapper and friend Drake, who took time out of his busy schedule to show his support for the ailing rapper. Despite the seriousness of Lil Wayne's condition, there was no weeping among his friends near his hospital room. Instead, they conveyed their love and support for the rapper in different ways, including through social media. Late Friday evening, a message was posted on Lil Wayne's Twitter account that read, "I'm good everybody, thx for the prayers and love." This was welcomed news for the rapper's fans, who have been anxiously awaiting updates on his condition. According to his publicist, Lil Wayne suffered a seizure that led to his hospital admission. While details on his condition remain scarce, sources close to the rapper have confirmed that he's receiving the best possible medical care. Lil Wayne has been a mainstay in the music industry for over two decades, and his influence on the rap genre cannot be overstated. He's widely regarded as one of the most talented and influential rappers of his generation, and his music has had a significant impact on popular culture. News of his hospitalization has reverberated throughout the music world, with many of his peers and colleagues expressing their concern and support for the rapper. Fans have also taken to social media to share their love and support for Lil Wayne, with the hashtag #PrayForWeezy trending on Twitter. For his part, Lil Wayne has remained positive in the face of his health scare. His message on Twitter seems to suggest that he's in good spirits and that he's optimistic about his recovery. Nevertheless, his friends and fans continue to send their well wishes and support his way, as they hope for a speedy recovery for the legendary rapper. Drake and Lil Wayne have collaborated on numerous tracks over the years, and their friendship goes back several years.  Drake's visit to the hospital is a show of solidarity, and it underscores the deep bond that exists between the two rappers. In the meantime, Lil Wayne's fans and well-wishers are urged to continue sending their love and support to the rapper as he recovers. While the exact nature of his condition remains unknown, there's reason to believe that he's getting the best possible care, and that he's on the road to a speedy recovery.