article: (CNN) -- Germany's ruling coalition has agreed to shut down all of the nation's nuclear power plants by 2022. Minister of Ecology Norbert Roettgen of the Christian Democratic Union party made the announcement early Monday after negotiations with coalition partner, the Liberal Party, which had been opposed to setting a date for decommissioning the nuclear facilities. Opposition parties have long supported shuttering nuclear energy in Germany . "The decision looks like this," Roettgen said. "Seven older nuclear power plants ... and the nuclear plant Kruemmel will not go back online ... a second group of six nuclear reactors will go offline at the end of 2021 at the latest, and ... the three most modern, newest nuclear plants will go offline in 2022 at the latest." To make up for the loss of nuclear energy, the German government will begin to switch to renewable energy and increase investments in energy research, the government website says. "But we will not be able to do without conventional power plants, above all cutting-edge gas power plants for a long time," said a statement published last week. "New fruits of new research should contribute to making the energy transition more efficient and easier on the ecology." In March, German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced she would rethink a plan to extend the lifespan of her country's nuclear power plants. "The events in Japan have shown us that even things that seem all but impossible scientifically can in fact happen," Merkel said at a Berlin news conference. Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant was damaged in a March 11 earthquake and tsunami, which has spewed large amounts of radiation into the environment. At the time, Merkel ordered a review of the nuclear plant safety standards, saying there would be "no taboos in those reviews." CNN's Ben Brumfeld and Ed Payne contributed to this report .
highlights: Germany will transition from nuclear power to renewable energy . Investments will be increased in energy research . Conventional power plants fueled by natural gas will continue to be used by Germany . Japan's nuclear disaster prompted the government to switch stance .
id: e5d6de4f1189fc3e949c59524c3de7d4257d9de7
chatgpt: Germany to Increase Investments in Renewable Energy Research Amidst Transition from Nuclear Power Germany has pledged to increase investments in renewable energy research as it transitions away from nuclear power. While conventional power plants fueled by natural gas will continue to be used, the country is determined to decrease its dependence on nuclear energy. This shift comes as a response to Japan's nuclear disaster in 2011, which prompted Germany's government to reevaluate their stance on nuclear energy. Germany had previously planned to extend the lifespan of its nuclear reactors, but the Fukushima disaster forced the government to make a drastic change. The investment in renewable energy research is expected to boost Germany's renewable energy sector, creating new jobs and reducing its reliance on non-renewable sources such as coal and gas. With a budget of €100 billion over the next ten years, Germany aims to become a leader in sustainable energy by 2050. The transition to renewable energy is not without its challenges. Renewable energy sources such as wind and solar are intermittent, which means that energy storage systems are needed to ensure a consistent supply. Research into energy storage will be a key focus of Germany's investment in renewable energy research. Despite the challenges, the German government remains committed to ensuring a more sustainable future for its citizens. The shift to renewable energy is part of a larger effort to combat climate change and reduce Germany's carbon footprint. Germany's decision to increase renewable energy investments has been met with enthusiasm from renewable energy advocates around the world. The country's commitment to sustainable energy is seen as a positive step towards a future powered by renewable sources. Overall, the transition away from nuclear power and towards renewable energy is seen as a positive development for Germany and the environment. With increased investment in renewable energy research, the country is well on its way to becoming a leader in sustainable energy.