article: The vehicle of a missing pregnant woman has been found with a body inside in California. The Toyota Prius, belonging to Aubrey Andrews, 20, was found on Monday night in a parking lot in Sacramento. Police have not released the identity of the woman found in the car, but say there does not appear to be obvious signs of foul play. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Missing: The vehicle of a missing pregnant woman (left)  has been found with a body inside following a massive search. Aubrey Andrews, 20, left her husband (both right) and three-year-old son at home in Sacramento when she drove off 'distraught' at 10pm on December 6 . Mrs Andrews left her husband and three-year-old son at home in Sacramento when she drove off 'distraught' at 10pm on December 6. The next day her purse appeared on the family's porch, although she has not been heard of since. Her husband of three years Edward Andrews said she suffers from post-partum depression. In an emotional interview this week he cried as he said he thought she was going to a friend's house. 'If she doesn’t want to be here, she doesn’t have to be,' he told KTLA. Emotional appeal: Mr Andrews said he thought she was driving to a friend's house and now he's scared . Family life: The couple, married for three years, have a three-year-old son at their home in Sacramento, CA . 'But at least let us know. Tell us you went somewhere, that you’re safe. 'The baby could come at any time at this point.' Mrs Andrews had allegedly become frustrated with doctors' orders to stay and home and rest in the time leading up to her due date. She did not use her bank card since driving away in her white Toyota Prius and her cellphone goes direct to voicemail. Police said they were treating her disappearance as 'unusual' but not suspicious. They said they believe she may have traveled to south California where she has family and friends. The Coroner’s office will release the identity of the woman after proper notifications have made. Wanted to get out: Mrs Andrews had been frustrated at having to stay in and relax, Mr Andrews told reporters .
highlights: Aubrey Andrews, 20, vanished on December 6 at 10pm . The Toyota Prius was found on Monday night in a parking lot . A day after her disappearance, her purse turned up on the porch of her California home . 9 months pregnant, suffered post-partum depression with first son . Husband Edward Andrews and their 3-year-old son made emotional appeal .
id: 0081a79a2a32e7b3eb8299962562431e96673ad0
chatgpt: Aubrey Andrews, a 20-year-old woman who was nine months pregnant, went missing on December 6 at 10 pm. Her Toyota Prius was discovered on Monday night in a parking lot. Authorities have launched a search for Aubrey, who was last seen wearing a black sweater and black leggings. Aubrey's family has been frantically searching for her since her disappearance. A day after she vanished, her purse was found on the porch of her California home. The discovery has only deepened the mystery surrounding her disappearance. The young mother, who suffered post-partum depression after the birth of her first son, is believed to be in danger. Her family and friends have expressed grave concern for her safety, particularly given her struggle with depression. Aubrey's husband Edward Andrews and their three-year-old son made an emotional plea for her safe return. Edward, who is said to be cooperating with authorities, stated that his wife's disappearance has been devastating for their family. Authorities are urging anyone with information about Aubrey's whereabouts to come forward. They have enlisted the help of the public, asking them to report any suspicious activity they may have seen on the night of December 6. The search for Aubrey continues, and her family remains hopeful that she will be found alive and well. In the meantime, they are asking for privacy as they cope with this difficult situation. The community is rallying around the Andrews family, offering support and prayers during this trying time. Aubrey's disappearance has reminded everyone of the importance of staying vigilant and watching out for one another. As the search for Aubrey continues, her family and loved ones are holding onto hope. They are determined to find her and bring her home where she belongs. The public is also urged to come forward if they have any information that could help in the search for Aubrey Andrews.