article: Stefano Okaka scored a late goal on his debut to give Italy a 1-0 win over Albania in a friendly on Tuesday as they remained unbeaten in six games since the World Cup. Italy broke through in the 82nd minute when the 25-year-old Sampdoria forward, who came on as a second-half substitute, met Giacomo Bonaventura's corner with a glancing header which took a deflection off Hamdi Salihi into the goal. Italy fielded an experimental team with goalkeeper Mattia Perin also making his debut when he came on in the second half. VIDEO Scroll down for Sportsmail's Big Match Stats . Stefano Okaka rose at the near post to steer Giacomo Bonaventura's corner into the top corner . Okaka turns away in celebration as he opens the scoring for Italy after 82 minutes . The Sampdoria striker is congratulated by Alberto Aquilani as his debut goal wins the match for the Azzurri . Debutant Okaka came on as a second-half substitute and got his international career off to a perfect start . Sebastian Giovinco is chased down by the Albania defence during the Azzurri's 1-0 win on Tuesday night . Andrea Bertolacci carries the ball forward as Italy extended their unbeaten run since the World Cup to six . Albania's Elseid Hysaj (right) is challenged Luca Antonelli (center) and Sebastian Giovinco . Italy coach Antonio Conte tries to organise his team as he gives instructions during the friendly with Albania . In an emotional twist to the game, Sassuolo defender Francesco Acerbi came on in the 81st minute to make his international debut one year after being diagnosed with testicular cancer. Acerbi had a tumour removed but the problem was found to have returned when he failed a doping test following a match at the start of December. After further treatment, he returned to Serie A action one month ago. Italy: Sirigu (Perin 73), Antonelli, Bonucci (Acerbi 82), De Silvestri, Moretti, Bertolacci (Bonaventura 70), Cerci (Gabbiadini 77), Parolo, Aquilani, Destro (Matri 64), Giovinco (Okaka 65) Subs not used: Criscito, Rossettini, Rugani, Sturaro, Poli . Goal: Okaka, 82 . Albania: Berisha, Hysaj (Ajeti 74), Mavraj, Lila (Rama 90), Cikalleshi (Salihi 78), Memushaj, Kukeli (Roshi 67), Cana, Lenjani (Balaj 86), Agolli, Abrashi (Shala 71) Subs not used: Frasheri, Shehi, Curri, Bulku, Vajushi, Vila, Karabeci, Kapllani .
highlights: Italy beat Albania 1-0 in a friendly in Genoa on Tuesday night . Stefano Okaka scored on his international debut 10 minutes from time . Italy drew 1-1 with Croatia on Sunday night in a Euro 2016 qualifier . Antonio Conte made 11 changes to the side for  Tuesday's friendly .
id: fc6ad4ec1eff258bf939d869a0a7e04a3d8842ee
chatgpt: Italy continued their footballing friendlies ahead of the Euro 2016 tournament and emerged victorious after a narrow and hard-fought 1-0 win over Albania in Genoa on Tuesday night. Stefano Okaka, making his international debut, scored a sublime goal in the 80th minute to seal the win for Italy. The Italians were coming off the back of a disappointing 1-1 draw against Croatia in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday night. However, their well-rested and rotated squad proved to be too much for Albania in Tuesday's game. Coach Antonio Conte made 11 changes to his squad and it showed the depth of the Italian team as they were still able to come out on top. The match was a scrappy affair with numerous fouls and a stalemate that was seemingly bound to end in a 0-0 draw. However, Okaka's goal provided the crucial difference to give Italy the win. The debutant received the ball at the edge of the box and was able to beat the Albanian goalkeeper with a powerful shot into the top corner of the net. After the match, Italy's coach, Antonio Conte, expressed his satisfaction with the team's performance in both matches. He praised the young and inexperienced players who were able to step up and perform admirably in their absence, stating that they have proven to be strong contenders for inclusion in his Euro 2016 squad. The Italian team is now looking forward to their final Euro 2016 qualifier against Norway on October 13th. They will hope to build on this win and put in a strong performance to secure a place in the tournament. The team's performance in the friendly against Albania has shown that they have the depth and talent required to do well in the tournament. In conclusion, Italy were able to come out on top in a closely contested friendly match against Albania. Stefano Okaka's goal secured the victory for the Italians on his international debut, proving that they have the depth and necessary talent in their squad for the upcoming Euro 2016 tournament. With a strong performance against Norway, they can cement their place in the tournament and potentially surprise fans with a deep run.