article: Andrea Pirlo insists Liverpool-bound Mario Balotelli has matured, and  learnt from the mistakes that blighted the early part of his career. Balotelli's two-and-a-half-year spell at Manchester City  included a reckless red card against Arsenal in April 2012 and numerous off-the-pitch misdemeanors, such as setting off fireworks in his house. But since Balotelli joined AC Milan in January 2013, his Italy team-mate  Pirlo believes the controversial forward has grown up. Growing up: Andrea Pirlo thinks his Italy team-mate Mario Balotelli is maturing and improving as a player . Focus: Balotelli has been criticised for not always concentrating on his football . Wind-up merchant: Balotelli's spell at Manchester City included various flashpoints with opposition players . Pirlo said: 'Mario has matured since he has been back in Italy. He will be the first to admit when he was younger he made some mistakes - but he is not that player anymore. 'Anybody who still talks about him in that way is living in the past.' The Juventus midfielder also believes that in the right environment, Balotelli will finally deliver on the promise he first showed as a teenager at Inter. Learning the game: Pirlo believes that Balotelli has benefited from his spell at AC Milan and is maturing . Peerless Pirlo: The Italian midfielder is one of the most well-respected players in world football . The 35-year-old added: 'I have always said that in the right environment he has the potential to be one of the best strikers in Europe. 'He needs to be given space. The media do not need to write a story every time he goes to the shops - the time has come to write only about what he does on the field.' The future? Balotelli in a mocked-up Liverpool shirt - the striker is expected to join the Anfield club imminently . VIDEO New signings for Liverpool were excellent - Rogers .
highlights: Andrea Pirlo insists his Italy team-mate Mario Balotelli has grown up . The midfielder says the Liverpool-bound striker must be left alone . Pirlo believes that Balotelli could become one of Europe's best strikers . Balotelli is expected to join Liverpool for £16million from AC Milan .
id: b2c49e175aff6eb0a37f72567bf7909224a95e8a
chatgpt: Andrea Pirlo, former teammate of Mario Balotelli and current midfielder for New York City FC, has spoken out in defense of the controversial striker. With Balotelli expected to join Liverpool for £16million from AC Milan, Pirlo believes that the 24-year-old has matured and should be given the space to excel. "Balotelli has grown up," Pirlo said in a recent interview. "He can be one of the best strikers in Europe if we leave him alone and let him play his game." Balotelli's talent on the field is undeniable, but his reputation for erratic behavior and questionable decisions has often overshadowed his abilities. However, Pirlo believes that his former teammate has learned from his mistakes and is ready to prove himself at Liverpool. "The pressure on him has always been high, but I think he has learned from his experiences," Pirlo explained. "He knows that he needs to focus on his game and not get distracted by everything else that is going on around him." Pirlo's comments come at a time when Liverpool is in desperate need of a striker to fill the void left by Luis Suarez's move to Barcelona. Balotelli, who has scored 30 goals in 54 appearances for Italy, could provide the firepower that Liverpool needs to compete in the Premier League. Despite his talent, Balotelli has faced criticism from Italian fans and media for his performances in the World Cup earlier this summer. However, Pirlo remains confident that Balotelli will bounce back and become one of the best strikers in Europe. "I have played with him and I know what he is capable of," Pirlo said. "If he is given the support he needs, he can achieve great things." Liverpool fans will be hoping that Pirlo is right, and that Balotelli will prove to be the missing piece of the puzzle in their pursuit of silverware this season. Only time will tell if Pirlo's prediction comes true, but one thing is for sure: Balotelli will have the support of his former teammate as he embarks on a new chapter in his career.