article: Most of us have been surprised at least once by our phone or internet bill after spending more time on our devices than usual or using them abroad. But spare a thought for John Gibson, who picked up a bill for $11,000 after his two grandchildren watched five films via Netflix on his laptop on holiday. Mr Gibson, of Saskatchewan, Canada, took his son and grandchildren to Phoenix, Arizona, where they incurred huge data roaming charges. Scroll down for video . Oops: John Gibson's grandchildren, Jayden and Sawyer, pictured, watched films through Netflix while roaming on a laptop with a mobile stick . Shocked: Canadian John Gibson could not believe his eyes when he received a whopping phone bill from communications provider SaskTel . ‘Small children like to watch movies,’ Mr Gibson told CBC News. ‘They'd watch a movie in the afternoon and I saw them doing it. ‘The kids were getting bored,’ his son Jason Gibson added. ‘So we decided to watch Netflix on my air-card on my laptop.’ The children watched films including . Shrek, Spider-Man and Curious George, but had no idea they were racking . up astonishing roaming bills. Communications provider SaskTel has U.S. roaming charges of $6/MB and the films took up about 400MB . each, reported the Estevan Mercury. Big bill: Jason Gibson, John's son, said his children were getting 'bored' on holiday in Phoenix, Arizona, so they watched some films on his laptop . Shrek movie night: Children, Jayden and Sawyer, watched some of their favourite films via Netflix while on vacation in Arizona . The grandchildren, Jayden and Sawyer, . watched the films on a laptop with a mobile stick. But Jason Gibson did . not know about the roaming charges. John Gibson first received the bill . for $10,668.38 and called SaskTel to sort it out. They agreed to knock . off $9,600, reported CBC News. ‘Old guys like me just aren't up to . speed on technology and what these things are capable of doing (without) you even realising,’ John Gibson told CBC News. Videos on demand: The film library proved to be expensive entertainment for the family who ran up a huge bill through their mobile phone provider (file picture) John Gibson said he will pay the remaining $1,000 balance from January and will take the whole experience as a ‘lesson learned’. 'Old guys like me just aren't up to speed on technology and what these things are capable of doing' John Gibson . ‘It's an excellent little trap,’ John Gibson told the Estevan Mercury. (But) they were pretty good about it. I . told her what happened.’ He said the average person in his . hometown of Weyburn, Saskatchewan, would need a big loan to pay off the . original bill from SaskTel. On-demand service Netflix has more than 23 million members who stream films worldwide and charges around $7.99 per month. See video here .
highlights: Canadian John Gibson took grandchildren to Arizona . Huge bill from data roaming on laptop's mobile stick . They watched Shrek, Spider-Man and Curious George . SaskTel agree to make him pay just $1,000 of balance .
id: ee4859f231f53db37261663839f996b18aaef14e
chatgpt: Canadian John Gibson took his grandchildren on a trip to Arizona last year, but when he returned home he was in for a shock. He had racked up a huge bill from data roaming on his laptop's mobile stick, which he had used to entertain his grandkids with movies such as Shrek, Spider-Man, and Curious George.  Gibson had been using his SaskTel mobile stick, which allows him to connect to the internet on his laptop while on the go, to keep his grandchildren entertained during the long flight and the many hours they spent in the car. However, he didn't realize the consequences of using his device outside of Canada. When he received his phone bill, Gibson was stunned to see that he had run up a bill of more than $20,000 in data roaming charges. The vast majority of the charges were from streaming movies on his laptop, which he had been using to keep his grandkids entertained during the long trip. After receiving the bill, Gibson immediately contacted SaskTel to explain the situation. He was shocked when the company told him he was responsible for paying the bill in full. However, after much negotiating, SaskTel agreed to let him pay just $1,000 of the balance. Gibson's situation is not unique. Many Canadians have been hit with huge bills after using their mobile devices outside of Canada. Data roaming charges can quickly add up, especially when streaming videos or using data-intensive applications. According to the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, data roaming charges for Canadian customers can be as high as $10 per megabyte when travelling outside of Canada. This means that streaming a single movie could cost hundreds or even thousands of dollars, depending on the duration and quality of the video. To help Canadians avoid these kinds of situations, the CRTC has implemented new rules for wireless providers. As of April 2018, providers are required to notify customers via text message when they reach 50%, 90%, and 100% of their monthly data usage while travelling outside of Canada. This will help customers keep track of their usage and avoid unexpected bills. However, it's still important for customers to be aware of the potential costs associated with using their mobile devices outside of Canada. It's recommended that travellers turn off cellular data and use free Wi-Fi hotspots instead. It's also important to check with their provider before travelling to see what options are available for reducing or managing data roaming charges. For John Gibson and his grandchildren, the trip to Arizona may have been a bit more expensive than expected, but he's grateful that SaskTel was able to work with him to reduce the amount owed. This experience should serve as a reminder to other travellers to be cautious when using their mobile devices outside of Canada to avoid potential bill shock.