article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is dead, three Taliban sources and a government official said Tuesday. There were conflicting reports about where Mehsud died. The government official told CNN Mehsud died as a result of the January 14 attack in North Waziristan. He was seriously injured, and was moved to the Orakzai region, where he died and was buried more than a week ago, the official said, citing information from local pro-government militias. Other sources said Mehsud died near the city of Multan in central Pakistan while on his way to a treatment center in Karachi. Authorities have been looking into reports that Mehsud died after being wounded last month in a drone attack. Word of his death contradicts a statement by a Taliban spokesman last week that Mehsud was alive and in hiding. Also last week, a Pakistani news outlet reported that Mehsud had been killed. State broadcaster PTV reported that Mehsud was wounded in a drone attack this month, died and was buried. The drone attack occurred at a madrassa, or religious school, said Pakistani intelligence and local officials in North Waziristan. The school had been converted into a training camp for militants, the officials said. That attack came a few days after Mehsud appeared in a video released by the Pakistani Taliban. In it, he sits next to Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi, the man thought to be the suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officers and consultants and a Jordanian army captain at a base in eastern Afghanistan on December 30. The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack. It was carried out to avenge the death of Mehsud's predecessor, Baitullah Mehsud, who died in a suspected U.S. drone strike last year, according to al Qaeda's commander of operations in Afghanistan, Mustafa Abu Yazid. Baitullah Mehsud and Hakimullah Mehsud are from the same tribe, not the same family. The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported attacks by drones, or unmanned aircraft. But the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft. Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .
highlights: Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud is dead, three Taliban sources say . A government source said he died after aJanuary 14 attack in North Waziristan . Authorities have been looking into reports he died after a drone attack last month . A Taliban spokesman last week said that Mehsud was alive .
id: 83f77b7a2b3bb8f53163bc65f9e6ef356374d834
chatgpt: Hakimullah Mehsud, the leader of the Pakistani Taliban, has reportedly been killed, according to three Taliban sources. A government source has also confirmed that Mehsud died after an attack that took place on January 14th in North Waziristan. Authorities have been investigating several reports claiming that Mehsud was killed in a drone attack that occurred last month. However, Taliban spokesman Shahidullah Shahid last week said that Mehsud was alive and well. Mehsud has been the leader of the Pakistani Taliban since 2009 and is believed to have been responsible for numerous terrorist attacks in the country. He was also involved in the failed Times Square bombing in New York City in 2010. His death marks a significant blow to the Pakistani Taliban, which has been responsible for numerous attacks in the country over the past several years. The group has been fighting for the implementation of strict Islamic law and the overthrow of the Pakistani government. The news of Mehsud's death has been met with mixed reactions in Pakistan. Some have welcomed the news, seeing it as a victory in the fight against terrorism. Others, however, have expressed concern that the death of the Pakistani Taliban leader could lead to further violence and instability in the country. The Pakistani government has not yet issued an official statement on Mehsud's death. Meanwhile, the US government has not yet confirmed or denied its involvement in the attack that killed Mehsud. The US has been carrying out drone strikes in Pakistan for several years, targeting members of the Taliban and other militant groups. The Pakistani government has publicly criticized the US drone program, calling it a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty. However, the US maintains that drone strikes are necessary in the fight against terrorism. It remains to be seen what impact Mehsud's death will have on the Pakistani Taliban and the broader fight against terrorism in Pakistan. The country has been dealing with a wave of violence in recent years, and the death of a high-profile militant leader could either exacerbate the situation or lead to a turning point in the fight against terrorism.