article: (CNN) -- Flavio Briatore is free to return to Formula One in 2013 after reaching an out of court settlement with the sport's governing body, FIA. Briatore, former team principal at Renault, was originally banned for life by the FIA after allegations he was involved in a conspiracy in which Nelson Piquet Jnr deliberately crashed at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix in order to help team-mate Fernando Alonso win. In January, Briatore succeeded in getting his ban overturned in a French court, saying the ruling had restored his "dignity and freedom." The court also overturned the lifetime ban imposed on former Renault engineering director Pat Symonds for the same incident. But the FIA launched an appeal against the decision, before an announcement that they had settled their case with Briatore out of court. Briatore agreed to recognize "his share of responsibility for the deliberate crash," according to FIA but insisted he accepted no personal guilt for the incident. An FIA statement read: "After discussions between their lawyers and those of the FIA, Mr Flavio Briatore and Mr Pat Symonds have each made a settlement offer to the FIA President with a view to putting an immediate end to the legal proceedings. "Each of them recognizing his share of responsibility for the deliberate crash involving the driver Nelson Piquet Junior at the 2008 Grand Prix of Singapore, as "Team Principal" of Renault F1 where Mr Flavio Briatore is concerned, they have expressed their regrets and presented their apologies to the FIA. "They have undertaken to abstain from having any operational role in Formula One until 31 December 2012, as well as in all the other competitions registered on the FIA calendars until the end of the 2011 sporting season. "They have also abandoned all publicity and financial measures resulting from the judgment of 5 January 2010, as well as any further action against the FIA on the subject of this affair. "The FIA President has considered that it is in the best interests of the FIA not to allow the perpetuation of these legal disputes, which have received a great deal of media coverage and which, regardless of the outcome, are very prejudicial to the image of the FIA and of motor sport, and thus to accept this settlement solution, thereby putting an end to this affair." The Singapore incident came to light after Piquet Jr. was sacked and then went public with his admission of involvement. Briatore issued his own statement to the official Formula One Web site stating that he recognized his share of responsibility "without any admission of a personal guilt in these events and without any recognition of the fact that the decision of the World Council rendered against him would have been well-founded."
highlights: Flavio Briatore free to return to Formula One in 2013 after settling legal case with FIA . Briatore overturned a lifetime ban from the sport's governing body in January . Italian was former owner of Formula One team Renault . His ban was imposed after the 'crashgate' scandal at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix .
id: 6150b336495670942b08739d7962623131ec8419
chatgpt: Italian businessman, Flavio Briatore, is now free to return to Formula One after settling a legal case with the governing body of the sport. Briatore, who was the former owner of the Renault Formula One team, overturned a lifetime ban from the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) in January of this year. Briatore's lifetime ban was imposed following the scandal at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, known as 'crashgate'. It involved Renault driver, Nelson Piquet Jr, deliberately crashing his car during the race to cause a safety car period, which helped his teammate, Fernando Alonso, win the race. The FIA found Briatore guilty of instructing Piquet Jr to crash deliberately and imposed the lifetime ban. However, Briatore always maintained his innocence and launched a legal challenge against the decision. Earlier this year, Briatore's ban was overturned by the Tribunal de Grande Instance in Paris, which found that the FIA's decision to ban him was "irregular" and "infringed his rights of defense". The court ordered the FIA to pay damages to Briatore as a result. Following the court's decision, Briatore was free to return to the sport but there were concerns that his reputation had been damaged by the scandal. However, the settlement of the legal case between Briatore and the FIA will go some way to restoring his reputation within the Formula One community. Briatore is now able to return to the sport and is likely to be considering his options for the 2013 season. Prior to his ban, he was one of the most influential figures in the sport, having managed several high-profile drivers, including Michael Schumacher and Fernando Alonso. The Italian businessman has already hinted that he may be interested in returning to Formula One, telling reporters earlier this year that he had "unfinished business" in the sport. Speaking to the BBC, he said: "I would never have gone to court if I didn't want to come back. I think Formula One needs strong personalities and people with experience." Briatore's return to the sport will undoubtedly generate interest and could have an impact on the fortunes of the teams that he is involved with. His experience and knowledge of the sport could prove invaluable to those looking to challenge for the championship in the coming years. However, there will also be those who are concerned about the return of a figure who was involved in one of the sport's biggest scandals. It remains to be seen how Briatore will be received by the Formula One community, but his return is likely to generate a great deal of debate among fans and insiders alike.