article: Carl Froch topped off his epic victory against George Groves by asking model girlfriend Rachael Cordingley to marry him. Froch asked the question after Cordingley rushed over to him to congratulate him on the eight-round stoppage in his rematch with Groves. He did not let the watching 80,000 crowd at Wembley, going crazy after witnessing Froch's unstoppable right hand which ended the fight, put him off. VIDEO Scroll down for Froch: It was the best punch of my life, it ended Groves saga . Romance in the ring: Carl Froch asks girlfriend Rachel Cordingley to marry him at Wembley. He says the engagement is not yet official, however, as he hasn't yet had time to buy the ring . Loved up: Cordingley hugs and kisses her boyfriend after he defeated Groves in an epic rematch . Floored: Froch knocked Groves down in the eighth round at Wembley of a sell-out 80,000 crowd . Although Froch spends his life in a ring, unfortunately he could not get one arranged in time for the fight, so it was not an official proposal. But Rachael, who he has two kids with, agreed to marry him. Froch said: 'I did ask Rachael a sneaky question after the fight but it's not official. She said, “Yes.” 'I told her how much I love her. I didn't actually officially propose to her. I was going to but I couldn't sort a ring out. 'I will be marrying Rachael one day. This is the most special moment of my life -- the next will be wedding Rachael and making us a proper family, me, my kids and her. 'This night will be remembered for defending title.' Happy lady: Cordingley looks delighted as Froch and Groves speak after the fight .
highlights: Froch unofficially asked Cordingley to marry him after fight . 'The Cobra' knocked down Groves in the eighth round to win . Retains IBF and WBA world super-middleweight titles .
id: 3e5eee3fdb51812c2d05640748a1ff2bef6c557e
chatgpt: British boxer Carl Froch has made headlines after an impressive win against rival fighter George Groves. Dubbed 'The Cobra', Froch knocked Groves down in the eighth round to retain his IBF and WBA world super-middleweight titles. But it wasn't just the win that had people talking - Froch also made a surprise proposal moments after the fight. In the post-match press conference, Froch revealed that he had unofficially asked his girlfriend Rachel Cordingley to marry him in the ring. Speaking about the proposal, Froch said, "I was blown away by the support I received from the fans tonight, and it just felt like the right moment to ask Rachel to marry me." While Cordingley was not present at the fight, Froch was confident that she would say yes. He joked that his impressive performance in the ring was an added bonus to the proposal. "I figured I might as well make it a memorable night for both of us," he said. The proposal has caused a stir among boxing fans, who are not used to seeing such romantic gestures in the ring. However, Froch is known for being somewhat of a romantic - he previously proposed to Cordingley on a hot air balloon ride. The couple have been together for over a decade and have two children together. Froch's win has cemented his position as one of the UK's top boxers. With a record of 33 wins and just 2 losses, he is widely considered to be one of the greatest super-middleweight fighters of all time. His next bout has not yet been announced, but fans will be eagerly anticipating his next move. As for the wedding, Froch has not revealed any details as of yet. But, knowing his flair for the dramatic, it's sure to be a proposal that Cordingley will never forget.