article: A 16-year-old junior at an Ohio High School was arrested Monday for carrying a loaded weapon that he told police he was planning to use to 'open fire' on students, officials said. Police said that a classmate at Fremont High first noticed the handgun  and contacted authorities, who placed the school on lockdown after confirming the student had a weapon. 'After interviewing the subject, he admitted to detectives that he brought the gun to school with the intent to shoot a particular student and then open fire on the rest of the school,' Weber County Sheriff's Sgt Lane Findlay told Deseret News. Scroll down for video . Lockdown: Good4Utah reports that police placed Fremont High on lockdown after a 16-year-old junior was discovered with a loaded handgun, which he told officers he planned to use to 'open fire' on students . The student reportedly planned to shoot a girl he had a relationship with in the past, and police contacted both the girl and her family to make them aware. 'Obviously they were quite shaken by this,' Findlay said. Deputies arrived at the school just after 12pm, responding to the classmate's concern about a gun, which the student was reportedly carrying in his waistband. A school resource officer spoke to the armed student, who was cooperative and confirmed he had a gun, and called for a lockdown. 'There was a little bit of concern initially if he was just alone and had the gun or if there was possibly another threat,' Findlay said. Officers conducted a four hour sweep of the school, evacuating classrooms one by one, after the student initially told officers he did not know if there was another person involved. Evacuation: Officers swept Fremont for around four hours, evacuating classrooms one by one, due to initial fears there were additional people involved with the plan . 'They took us out in the hallway, the SWAT team did, and they put us against the wall. They were searching our pants, our legs and everything, making sure we didn't have anything,' said sophomore Mitch Wall. 'You never think, you know in a farm community, this town out here's pretty quiet … that something like this would happen,' said one parent Shelly Beesley. The student was brought to juvenile detention as police investigate charges of possession of a weapon with intent to assault, possession of a firearm in a restricted area, and possession of a firearm by a minor, all misdemeanors. The incident comes a little more than a week after the fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice by a rookie police officer in Cleveland. Video released by police showed officers driving up next to Rice, who was in possession of an Airsoft pistol with the orange safety cap reportedly removed, and firing two shots at Rice within seconds of arrival.
highlights: The Fremont High student was reportedly carrying a loaded handgun in his waistband . A fellow student called authorities after noticing the weapon . Police placed the school on lockdown for four hours while evacuating students . The student was reportedly acting alone and planned to shoot a girl he had a past relationship with before firing on other classmates .
id: 00e6787aab9af959eb10c2b83ccc4672784fed38
chatgpt: Fremont High School in California was placed on lockdown for four hours on Thursday afternoon, after police received a call from a student who had noticed a classmate carrying a loaded handgun in his waistband. According to reports, the student was planning to use the weapon to exact revenge on a girl he had a past relationship with, before opening fire on other classmates. The student was reportedly acting alone, and police have yet to release his name. However, they have confirmed that he is in custody, and that they have not found any evidence to suggest that he had accomplices or that there were any other threats to the school. The incident began at around 1:15 pm, when a student noticed the classmate with the gun and immediately alerted school authorities. Police and SWAT teams arrived on the scene shortly thereafter and evacuated all students from the school, using buses to transport them to a nearby community center where they could be reunited with their parents. During the lockdown, parents anxiously waited outside the school for updates on their children's safety. One parent, who did not want to be identified, told reporters that she had received a text from her daughter, who was inside the school at the time, telling her that she loved her. The lockdown was lifted at around 5:15 pm, and police allowed students and staff to return to the school to retrieve their belongings. However, the school remained closed for the rest of the day and all classes were cancelled, as police continued to investigate the incident. Fremont High School has a student population of around 2,000, and is located in a quiet, suburban neighborhood of Fremont, California. The school has not experienced any major incidents in recent years, and parents and students alike have expressed shock and disbelief at what happened on Thursday. "I can't believe that something like this could happen here," said one student, who did not want to be identified. "We always felt safe at this school, but now I just don't know what to think." Fremont Police Department is expected to release further information about the incident in the coming days, including the identity of the student who was carrying the gun and his motive for the attack. In the meantime, students and staff are being offered counseling and support to help them deal with the trauma of the incident.