article: By . Abul Taher . PUBLISHED: . 17:22 EST, 2 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:33 EST, 2 February 2013 . The father of murdered toddler James Bulger has revealed that he blamed his ex-wife in the immediate aftermath of their son’s death. Ralph Bulger, 46, says he now feels ‘ashamed’ of holding Denise, 45, responsible for the fateful day in 1993 when James was led away from a shopping centre by two ten-year-old boys who committed a crime that shocked the nation. In extracts from his new book, My James, published in The Mail on Sunday’s Review section today to mark the 20th anniversary of his son’s death, Mr Bulger says: ‘There would be times when – quite unfairly – I blamed Denise. Held her responsible: Ralph Bulger (right) has revealed that he blamed his ex-wife Denise (left) in the immediate aftermath of their son's death and says he feels 'ashamed' of doing so . ‘I was wrong. Very, very wrong. It was just part of my raging grief. 'I wanted to scream: “Why did you let go of his hand? Why did you let him out of your sight? He would still be here if it wasn’t for you.” ’ Picture of innocence: James Bulger was murdered in 1993 when he was led away from a shopping centre by two ten-year-old boys . He adds: ‘I am deeply ashamed of blaming Denise. 'She loved James with her heart and soul, and what happened that day was not her fault.’ On February 12, 1993, James vanished during a trip with his mother – who divorced Ralph in 1995 – to the New Strand Shopping Centre in Bootle, near Liverpool. CCTV images show James being led away by Jon Venables and Robert Thompson. Mr Bulger writes of the terrible torture James endured at their hands. 'His son’s dismembered body was found on railway tracks two days later. Venables and Thompson became the youngest convicted murderers in modern British history. Mr Bulger say they never ‘showed an ounce of compassion’, writing: ‘It may over-simplify the arguments, but that to my mind makes them evil beyond belief.’ The youngest convicted murderers: CCTV footage shows the toddler holding the hand of Jon Venables, one of the boys who was convicted of his murder . Crime that shocked the nation: Mr Bulger has written in his new book of the terrible torture James endured at the hands of 10-year-olds Jon Venables (left) and Robert Thompson (right)
highlights: Father Ralph Bulger has published a new book to mark the 20th anniversary . His son, 2, was tortured and murdered by two 10-year-olds in 1993 . He feels 'ashamed' for holding ex-wife Denise responsible for the fateful day .
id: 58862557ae6f50d6ebd04bb297c76019abdbc900
chatgpt: Father Ralph Bulger, who lost his son James in one of the most shocking cases of child murder in British history, has published a new book to mark the 20th anniversary of the tragedy. In the book, Father Bulger reveals that he now feels "ashamed" for blaming his ex-wife Denise for the fateful day. James Bulger was just two years old when he was abducted from a shopping mall in Merseyside in 1993. He was then brutally tortured and murdered by two 10-year-old boys, Jon Venables and Robert Thompson. In the years since James' death, Father Bulger has written extensively about the tragedy and its impact on his life. His latest book, titled "James, My Son," is a deeply personal account of his grief and regret. In the book, Father Bulger admits that he initially held Denise responsible for what had happened to James. He writes that he felt she had let their son down by allowing him to be alone for just a few minutes while she went to a nearby butcher's shop. However, Father Bulger now regrets his previous views and describes how he now realizes that his former wife was not to blame. He writes: "I now know that blaming Denise was wrong. She was an excellent mother to James and did nothing wrong on that fateful day." The book also covers the impact that James' death has had on Father Bulger's faith. He describes how he struggled to reconcile his belief in God with the senseless and brutal nature of his son's murder. However, he says that he has ultimately found comfort in his faith and believes that James is now at peace. Father Bulger hopes that his book will help to keep the memory of his son alive and raise awareness of the need for greater protection for vulnerable children. He is also calling for more support for families who have lost young children in tragic circumstances. The publication of "James, My Son" comes at a time of renewed interest in the murder of James Bulger. Venables and Thompson, who were released from custody in 2001, are once again back in the public eye after being convicted of separate offenses in recent years. However, for Father Bulger, the focus of the book is not on the two boys responsible for his son's death, but on the life and legacy of James himself. He hopes that readers will come away from the book with a deeper understanding of the love and joy that James brought into his life, and the pain and heartbreak that his loss has caused.