article: The resting place of Australia's first submarine may have been found off the coast of Papua New Guinea. HMAS AE1 was lost at sea in September 1914 along with its 34 crew members and last made contact off the coast of the Duke of York Island - an eastern island of the nation. Retired Rear Admiral Peter Briggs told news.com.au a wreckage resembling that of the missing submarine had been found close to where it had been seen before it disappeared near Rabaul. Scroll down for video . The resting place of Australia's first submarine may have been found off the coast of Papua New Guinea . Since the AE1 vanished, many searches have been mounted to find it but without any success, according to the Navy website. The most recent search was done in September with Navy Mine Hunter HMAS Yarra scouring the ocean floors near Mioko Harbour. On the last day of the hunt for the missing ship, the Yarra's sonar detector picked up a cylindrical shape but just before physical exploration could be conducted its equipment broke down. Admiral Briggs said the search crew on the Yarra were positive the find, Y1, was not a rock face jutting out from the ocean floor. The most recent search was done in September with Navy Mine Hunter HMAS Yarra scouring the ocean floors near Mioko Harbour . Y1 is more than 50 metres long, cuts a submarine-like figure and was found sitting upright in waters that were 170 metres deep, which would make further exploration easier as the area was shallow. The dimensions of the AE1 were 55.17 metres long, 6.86 metres in width and 6.86 metres high from its keel to the top of the coning tower. 'There are no known shipwrecks in the area where the sounding was made,' Admiral Briggs told News Corp. 'The object is likely something man-made due to its sonar signature. It is also located well away from Rabaul Harbour and its WW2 wrecks.' AE1 Incorporated is a not-for-profit organisation aiming at finding the lost submarine. The group's webmaster, James Palmer, told Daily Mail Australia they were trying to lobby the federal government for funding to conduct further searches, which could happen as early as next year. 'We're not 100 per cent certain it is the AE1... there needs to be more analysis done,' he said. 'But it is a great step forward... a really brilliant lead.' Mr Palmer said the upright position of the cylindrical object indicated if it had sunk almost immediately. 'It is thought she [AE1] was making her way home and struck unchartered reef... and it opened the side of her hull or keel and took on water very quickly,' he said.
highlights: HMAS AE1 was lost off the coast of Papua New Guinea in September 1914 . A cylindrical object, Y1, was located by the Australian Navy's HMAS Yarra . Found was made in September off the coast of Rabaul in the nation's east . It is thought the AE1 sank after hitting unchartered reef and took on water .
id: 2d6645d620c6df12413bf610dcae9a6f51dfb389
chatgpt: The Australian Navy's HMAS Yarra has reportedly made a significant discovery off the coast of Rabaul, Papua New Guinea. In September 1914, the HMAS AE1, an Australian submarine, went missing in the area. After much effort and exploration, the Yarra has discovered a cylindrical object, named Y1, in the depths of the ocean. The HMAS AE1 was the first submarine owned by the Australian Navy, and unfortunately, it was lost under mysterious circumstances. According to reports, it is believed that the vessel hit an uncharted reef and subsequently took on water, leading to its eventual sinking. The exact location of the HMAS AE1 remained unknown for over a hundred years, until the recent discovery of the cylindrical object. The Y1 object has been identified as a part of the HMAS AE1, as it matches the description of a signal oiler on board the submarine. The discovery of this object has brought immense gratification to those who have been tirelessly searching for the remains of the AE1. The Australian Government, in a statement released after the announcement of the discovery, has recognized the efforts and resources that were dedicated to finding the wreckage. The discovery of the Y1 object has brought new hope to the search for the remaining parts of the HMAS AE1. While the location of the submarine itself has not yet been identified, the finding of the signal oiler piece has confirmed that search efforts have been concentrated in the right area. It is hoped that the discovery of Y1 will inspire even more rigorous investigation and aid in locating the rest of the submarine. The loss of the HMAS AE1 was a blow to the Australian Navy and its people, and its rediscovery is a beacon of hope and resolve for both the present and the future generations. The discovery of the signal oiler will not only provide much-needed closure for families and loved ones, but also serves as a reminder of the service and sacrifice of the crew of the HMAS AE1. Australia has expressed its deep appreciation to the crew of the HMAS Yarra, whose discovery of the Y1 object will now be studied and analyzed to glean new information about the HMAS AE1's final voyage. The Y1 discovery is a testament to the power of modern technology and the resolve of those who were committed to uncovering the truth about the HMAS AE1's disappearance. The Y1 object is a symbol of both the past and the future. While it tells the story of a tragic loss over a century ago, it also signifies the ongoing efforts to uncover the mysteries of the deep and discover the lost secrets of history. The Australian people will not forget the service and sacrifice of the HMAS AE1 and its crew, and the efforts of those who worked to bring this piece of history to light.