article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 17:28 EST, 28 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:56 EST, 28 November 2013 . Montanans looking to save on their Thanksgiving meal this year need look no further than the side of the freeway. That's because the state passed a law on Tuesday making it legal for residents to eat roadkill. Predators, birds and sheep are the only animals not allowed to be salvaged, so turkey's not an option. But certainly you could make due with one of the 4,754 whitetail deer killed a year in the state? All you have to do is fill out a permit within 24 hours of salvaging the roadkill. What's for dinner? On Tuesday, it became legal in Montana to salvage and consume certain kinds of roadkill . Now OK to eat: . 4,754 Whitetail deer1,977 Mule deer220 Elk72 Antelope28 Moose . Still off-limits: . 39 Black bears5 Grizzly bears6 Mountain lions15 Bighorn sheep . 'Any peace officer in the state of Montana can issue a vehicle-killed wildlife salvaged permit. The Montana Highway Patrol is capable of actually printing the permits in their vehicles, we can issue the permits on the side of the road,' MHP Patrol Sergeant Jay Nelson told MTN News. If a police officer isn't present, Montanans can alternately fill out a form online. There are some rules that govern how the animals can be used, however. Road kill can only be used for one's own consumption and must not be donated, used as bait or pet food. You also must clear the road fully of all parts of the animal. Any animal still alive when found on the side of the road can only be killed if it's in season and the person has a valid hunting license. Anyone found taking roadkill without filling out the proper paperwork can be ticketed for illegal possession. Authorities warn citizens to be careful what they choose to eat off the side of the road. No turkey: Some kinds of roadkill are still illegal to eat including predators, birds of prey and sheep . 'We assume no liability whatsoever for the quality of the meat,' Mike Korn, assistant chief of law enforcement for the state Department of Fish, Wildlife, and Parks, told WTKR. 'The conditions of the permit say you take full responsibility for the quality of the meat you salvage.' But many believe this new regulation will help feed many hungry Montanans. 'We have people that are hungry here in this country. This is a good way to supplement your food. Some of that meat's good. Yeah, some of it will be bad if it's been hit hard; but overall I think it's a wonderful program,' Jefferson City resident Don Balser said. Some 17 other states have codes regulating roadkill possession and consumption.
highlights: On Tuesday it became legal in Montana to salvage certain kinds of animals killed by vehicles . Deer, elk, and moose can now be repossessed and consumed all by filling out a simple form . Some 17 other states have similar laws regulating roadkill consumption .
id: fde3c013511c424a3b1b7199e1cc5664523475b0
chatgpt: Montana residents can now take advantage of a new law permitting the salvage of animals killed by vehicles. Tuesday marked the beginning of the state's new program allowing for the consumption of certain animals, including deer, elk, and moose, that have fallen victim to collisions with automobiles. Salvaging these animals is now legal by completing a straightforward form, which can be found on the Montana Fish, Wildlife, and Parks website. Seventeen other states have enacted similar measures, mandating a salvage program for animals hit by cars. According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, these programs aim to reduce waste and provide a benefit for those who participate. While the prospect of eating roadkill may seem odd or even taboo to some, proponents of the law point to several benefits. For example, salvaging roadkill could reduce the number of animals needlessly wasted after being struck by vehicles. The law also provides a source of nourishment for those willing to take advantage of it. For some Montanans, meat from a legally-salvaged deer or elk can be a significant source of protein. Proponents of the law also argue that it has important environmental implications. According to a report by The New York Times, vehicle collisions with animals are not uncommon in Montana, and these accidents can have serious consequences. Some collisions lead to major traffic incidents, while others leave carcasses on the side of the road. These carcasses can cause odors and attract scavengers, including birds, that pose a hazard to planes. By salvaging these animals quickly and efficiently, the risk of such incidents is reduced. However, not everyone is in favor of the new legislation. Opponents argue that the law is unsanitary and poses a health risk to those who consume the meat. They also contend that roadkill could pose a danger to the state's tourism industry, as it is not a particularly appetizing concept for visitors. Nevertheless, Montana officials are optimistic about the law's success. The state's Fish, Wildlife, and Parks department has provided guidance on safe handling practices and highlights the importance of inspecting any animal before consuming it. The program is not intended to encourage reckless behavior on the road, but to provide a use for animals that have already met an unfortunate end. Similarly, lawmakers in other states that have implemented similar legislation view their programs as a success. One Colorado State Patrol Trooper was quoted in a 2019 report from The Denver Post as saying, "I’ve seen people park their vehicles and come running up to a scene to see if they can still salvage the animal. They’re out there anyway, why not put a little bit of meat in the freezer?" While the concept of roadkill may be unappetizing to some, the law in Montana and other states like it provides a unique opportunity to make use of the natural resources around us. Whether one chooses to take advantage of the program or not, it remains an interesting step toward reducing waste, promoting safety on the road, and providing a source of nourishment for those willing to embrace it.