article: Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- Some southern states were getting a second round of unseasonal snow Tuesday, prompting airlines to cancel flights and schools to close for the day. Parts of several southern states remained under a winter storm warning Tuesday, as a developing low-pressure system threatened to spread snow and rain across portions of Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky and the Carolinas, the National Weather Service said. Snow fell north and west of metro Atlanta, Georgia, although the city, with a temperature hovering just above freezing, saw mostly rain. The weather prompted schools in several northern Georgia counties to close, according to CNN affiliates. Airlines also canceled flights. AirTran Airways has canceled 69 flights in and out of Atlanta, and is expected to cancel more this afternoon, spokesman Christopher White said. "Should the [weather] event continue into the evening, there is a possibility of many more cancellations," he said. He said the airline is offering free rebooking and changes for anyone traveling to or from Atlanta. Delta Airlines said it has made about 250 cancellations for flights leaving Atlanta. "Depending on the severity of the storm some additional thinning may be necessary," spokesman Anthony Black said. The airline is offering to reschedule Tuesday travel plans for those concerned about the weather, at no fee. Customers will have to pay any increase in fares, according to the Web site. The National Weather Service said snow will continue Tuesday afternoon across northeast Georgia and the western half of upstate South Carolina, although it will taper off later. Total snowfall accumulations of 2 to 4 inches are expected, mainly in areas along and north of I-85. The same amount of snow is expected from Shelby, North Carolina to Gaffney and Union in South Carolina, the National Weather Service said. Snow is also possible in Tennessee, Kentucky and northern Alabama, it said. CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
highlights: Storm warnings and winter weather advisories issued for the Southeast . AirTran Airways has canceled 69 flights into and out of Atlanta for Tuesday . Delta Air Lines cancelled about 250 flights Tuesday .
id: 497cd45c54d9985eed33141211fa412a559e60fc
chatgpt: The Southeastern United States is bracing for a winter weather event as storm warnings and winter weather advisories have been issued from Alabama to Virginia. States are expecting freezing rain, sleet, and snow which could make road travel dangerous and flights difficult. AirTran Airways and Delta Air Lines are already feeling the impact of the storm as they have been forced to cancel flights. AirTran Airways has announced that they will be cancelling 69 flights into and out of Atlanta for Tuesday. The airline released a statement encouraging customers to check their website or contact their reservations department for updates on their flights. The cancellations have primarily affected flights to and from cities in the Southeast like Birmingham, Chattanooga, Greensboro, and Memphis. Delta Air Lines has also cancelled about 250 flights on Tuesday due to the impending weather. This is in addition to the 1,100 flights that the airline has already cancelled over the past two days. The cancellations have impacted cities across the United States from Atlanta to New York to Cleveland. Delta has stated that they have proactively cancelled flights in order to minimize the travel disruptions caused by the storm and allow their operations teams to get planes and crew back on schedule. The weather has also disrupted other travel plans such as road travel. Transportation officials in several states have urged residents to stay off the roads and avoid unnecessary travel. They have also advised those who must travel to use caution and be prepared for the possibility of road closures and delays. As the storm moves through the Southeast, residents are taking precautions and hunkering down. Many schools and businesses have closed in anticipation of the weather. The National Weather Service has warned that the storm could result in power outages due to ice accumulation. Residents have been advised to have emergency supplies on hand and to plan for the possibility of being without power for several days. The storm is expected to continue to impact the Southeast over the next several days. Travelers are encouraged to monitor their flight status and stay up to date on local weather conditions. Residents are advised to stay safe and avoid unnecessary travel until the storm has passed.