article: (CNN)"Age before beauty" goes the old adage, but in the advertising industry the opposite has always seemed to be the case. Young, fresh faced women were chosen as the poster girls for brands selling products to make women look and feel young again, or maintain that ever essential 'youthful glow'. But now it seems that fashion and cosmetics companies in particular are moving towards a somewhat older group of models. At 80 years old, author Joan Didion was announced as the new face of Céline for SS15 and is the subject of a new photography show  -  and she is not the first older woman to have been chosen by big brands. She joins other older models including Helen Mirren (69) and Jane Fonda (76) for L'Oreal, Joni Mitchell (71) for Saint Laurent and Charlotte Rampling (69) who became the face of Nars lipstick late last year. Hiring older models has been de rigueur lately with Julia Roberts, 47, having continued success as the face of Lancôme, but that does not mean she is not feeling the pressure. "By Hollywood standards, I guess I've already taken a big risk in not having had a facelift," Roberts told the UK's You Magazine. "I've told Lancôme that I want to be an ageing model -- so they have to keep me for at least five more years until I'm over 50." Eschewing plastic surgery, Roberts has her own methods of looking young; "It's about non-grasping, non-hoarding, cleaning out your closet, dusting out your mind and letting go of the things that weigh you down mentally and emotionally." Award-winning photographer Nancy Honey has her own ideas about why its important to see images of older women: "In my own lifetime I have witnessed a profound shift: from little girls imagining their future as marriage and children to the now total belief from childhood that a woman will grow up to have a career outside the home." "It is more important than ever to see the important women from all fields in our society and hear their voices of experience." Honey's recent exhibition at Somerset house, 100 Leading Ladies, aimed to transform the perception of what is possible for women to achieve in their lives. 100 older British women were photographed Honey in settings that inspire them and interviewed by former Times journalist Hattie Garlick, the results were all compiled into a book, published by Dewi Lewis Media which was launched in tandem with the Somerset House exhibition. "Didion by Wasser" is showing from February 12 - March 21 at Danziger Gallery, 521 West 23rd Street, New York . 13 of the women featured in the book can be seen in the gallery above. Read: Bobbi Brown's billion-dollar idea: 'Lipstick like lips' Watch: Tough childhood inspired Jo Malone . Be inspired: From Posh Spice to entrepreneur of the year .
highlights: Joan Didion: Face of Céline at 80 and subject of new exhibition . She joins other older models including Jane Fonda, 76 . Older women are becoming more sought after in advertising .
id: cf8c9ad2db76a556bf5860f4e7ac37ac818fd82d
chatgpt: Joan Didion, a celebrated American writer and journalist, is now the face of Céline, the French luxury fashion brand. At 80 years old, Didion has become the subject of a new exhibition, showcasing her remarkable life and career. Didion has long been admired for her journalistic work, including her contributions to publications such as The New Yorker and Vogue. She has also authored several acclaimed books, including "Slouching Towards Bethlehem" and "The Year of Magical Thinking". In recent years, Didion has become something of a cultural icon, known for her distinctive style and self-assured presence. And now, as the face of Céline, she is helping to pave the way for older models in the world of fashion. Didion is not alone in this trend. Other older models, such as Jane Fonda, 76, are also garnering attention in the world of advertising. And as brands look to appeal to a wider range of consumers, older women are becoming more sought after in the industry. This is a significant shift from the traditionally youth-focused nature of the fashion industry. For years, models in their teens and twenties have dominated advertisements and runways, but that is beginning to change. As more and more people live longer, healthier lives, there is a growing market for fashion that caters to all ages. In recent years, brands such as Dove and L'Oreal have featured older models in their advertising campaigns. And as older models continue to gain visibility, it is likely that more companies will follow suit. For Joan Didion, the Céline campaign represents a new and unexpected chapter in her life. She has never been particularly interested in fashion, and has often been described as somewhat uninterested in appearance. But the iconic brand saw something in her that they felt would appeal to their customers – an elegant, understated sophistication that transcends age. The new exhibition dedicated to Didion's life and work is a testament to her enduring influence. It features photographs and personal artifacts, as well as excerpts from her writing. Fans of the writer and fashion lovers alike will no doubt find something to appreciate in this unique celebration of a remarkable woman. As the fashion industry continues to diversify and embrace older models, it is encouraging to see women like Joan Didion taking center stage. At a time when ageism and sexism are still prevalent in many industries, it is heartening to see older women being recognized for their beauty and talent. Whether it's in fashion, writing, or any other industry, people should be judged on their merits, not their age. With more and more women like Joan Didion and Jane Fonda breaking down barriers and redefining what it means to be a "model", the future looks bright for women of all ages.