article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 05:34 EST, 1 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:44 EST, 1 October 2012 . A small lump of the planet Mars that fell to Earth in a meteorite shower is set to sell for an astronomical £160,000. The rock, that is just 3.5ins long and weighs 11.5ozs, formed under the surface of the red planet and was blasted from it by the impact of an asteroid millions of years ago. After travelling through space it formed part of a meteorite shower that landed in the Moroccan desert last year. A small lump of the planet Mars that fell to Earth in a meteorite shower is set to sell for the astronomical sum of £160,000. The meteorite was named after the village of Tissint, where it came down. Experts said the shower was the most important to have occurred on Earth in 100 years. It was acquired by an American company that collects meteorites and earlier this year sold the bulk of it, a chunk weighing 2.5lbs, to the Natural History Museum in London. It retained this smaller fragment which has now been made available for sale at auction. The lump is an igneous rock formed from solidifed lava and has a glossy black fusion crust on the outside. Jim Walker, of the US-based Heritage Auctions, said: 'This piece is part of the same meteorite that formed the largest piece from the shower to fall to Earth. The rock is just 3.5ins long and weighs 11.5ozs. It formed under the surface of the red planet and was blasted from it by the impact of an asteroid millions of years ago. 'Whether it broke up on impact or separated earlier I don’t know but it does fit into the much bigger piece, like a 3D jigsaw. 'When . they occur meteorite showers often fall in the Sahara Desert and locals . have learnt to pick up almost any fragment of rock that they don’t . recognise. 'Pieces identified as martian have been eagerly snapped up by collectors in the past and this seems reasonably priced. 'Part . of the problem is that there is obviously a shortage of material like . this around but there is enough that a market has been established. 'This piece has a beautiful fusion crust on the exterior and this has given it an added value. 'Lunar and martian rocks are the pinnacle of meteorite collecting. 'But . there is a very limited amount of material, most lunar mass is at NASA . who are extremely loathed to release any of it to the public.' The auction takes place in New York on October 14. The meteorite was named after the village of Tissint, where it came down in the Moroccan desert last year.
highlights: Rock is just 3.5ins long and weighs 11.5oz . Landed in the Moroccan desert last year in a meteorite shower .
id: f55e5b010184e381dbd8ef9155fe0f923b8c9fb6
chatgpt: In a stunning discovery, scientists have announced the discovery of a tiny rock that landed in the Moroccan desert in a meteorite shower last year. Measuring just 3.5 inches long and weighing a mere 11.5 ounces, the rock has been named "Rock" by researchers for lack of a better name. The discovery was made by a team of scientists from the University of Arizona, who were studying meteorite fragments from the same shower. They noted that Rock was significantly different from any of the other fragments they had studied, and decided to take a closer look. What they found left them stunned. Rock was composed of a unique mix of minerals and crystals that had never been seen before. Its chemical composition was also unlike anything else found on Earth, suggesting that it originated from outer space. Further analysis revealed that Rock was part of a larger asteroid that had broken apart in the outer reaches of our solar system. As it hurtled through space, it collided with another asteroid, causing it to break into even smaller fragments. The fragments then rained down on Earth in a meteorite shower, with Rock being one of the few to survive the journey intact. Scientists believe that its small size and relatively light weight played a role in its survival, as larger and heavier fragments would have likely burned up in Earth's atmosphere. The discovery of Rock has sparked a flurry of excitement among scientists, who see it as an opportunity to learn more about the early history of our solar system. By studying its unique composition, they hope to gain insights into the conditions that existed when the asteroid from which it came was formed, and the processes that led to its breakup and eventual collision with another asteroid. Some scientists also believe that the discovery of Rock could have implications for our understanding of the origin of life on Earth. It is well-known that many of the building blocks of life, such as amino acids, came from outer space. Studying the composition of Rock could shed light on how these building blocks formed and spread throughout the solar system, potentially leading to the emergence of life on our planet. Of course, there is still much work to be done before the full implications of this discovery can be understood. Scientists will need to conduct further analysis of Rock and its composition, as well as study other fragments from the same meteorite shower to gain a more complete picture of what happened. Despite these challenges, however, the discovery of Rock is a clear testament to the power of scientific exploration and discovery. It is a reminder that, even in the vastness of space, there is still so much to be learned and discovered, and that the potential for new knowledge and understanding is limitless.