article: (CNN)  -- South Africa inflicted the first home series defeat on Australia in almost 16 years as they wrapped up a nine-wicket win over the world's number one ranked Test nation in Melbourne on Tuesday. South African captain Graeme Smith led from the front with 75 as his team wrapped up victory. Captain Graeme Smith hit a fluent 75 as his side successfully passed a modest victory target of 183 on the final day at the MCG to take an unassailable 2-0 lead. It was the South African's first-ever Test series triumph in Australia and victory in the third and final match in Sydney will see them leapfrog the home side at the top of the global rankings. Hashim Amla (30 not out) scored the winning runs shortly after lunch as South Africa became the first team to overcome Australia at home since the West Indies in 1992-93. South Africa were never under any pressure in their run chase and did not lose a wicket until just before lunch when the inspirational Smith was trapped leg before wicket by Nathan Hauritz. Smith had dominated a 121-run opening stand with Neil McKenzie, hitting 10 boundaries. McKenzie struggled to a half century and survived strong lbw shouts from Brett Lee, who was bowling despite an injured foot that will keep him out of the Sydney Test. South Africa's victory was set up by a brilliant maiden Test century from JP Duminy, who shared a stunning 180-run ninth wicket partnership with pace bowler Dale Steyn. It gave the tourists a priceless 65-run lead on first innings before man of the match Steyn worked his magic with the ball as Australia were bowled out on the fourth day for 247 in their second innings. The pugnacious Smith was virtually lost for words in his victory speech. "It has been such a special moment for all of us, it has been an incredible team effort," he said. "I have been smiling non-stop since we hit the winning runs. "To be 2-0 up after this game was something we only dreamt of." South Africa won the first Test in Perth from an unlikely position, chasing 414 for victory for the loss of only four wickets.
highlights: South Africa beat Australia by nine wickets in second Test in Melbourne . Victory gives the South Africans an unassailable 2-0 lead in their series . South Africa won first Test of the series in Perth by six wickets .
id: d63b31cd3d197d40a6f2ee847a1c1a60123cb959
chatgpt: South Africa has dominated Australia in the second Test in Melbourne, winning by nine wickets to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series. This victory is a significant achievement for the Proteas, who had not won a Test series in Australia since 2008. The second Test started with South Africa winning the toss and electing to bowl first. Their bowlers were absolutely relentless, with Vernon Philander leading the way, as they quickly dismissed the Australian batsmen for a paltry total of 223. Philander finished with figures of 3-30, while Kagiso Rabada and Keshav Maharaj chipped in with two wickets each. The South African bowlers had the Australian batsmen on the back foot throughout the innings, exploiting the seam-friendly conditions at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. South Africa's response with the bat was equally impressive. Opener Dean Elgar led the charge with a solid knock of 81, while Hashim Amla (47) and captain Faf du Plessis (15) made crucial contributions. Aiden Markram (36*) and Temba Bavuma (5*) then finished off the job, taking South Africa to a comfortable victory in just over two days of play. This was South Africa's second consecutive win in the series, having beaten Australia by six wickets in the first Test in Perth. The comprehensive nature of both victories has underlined the strength of the South African team, which has been led brilliantly by captain Faf du Plessis. The loss in Melbourne is a huge setback for Australia, as they look for a way to bounce back from their recent troubles on and off the field. The Australian batting lineup failed to fire again, with only Travis Head (61) offering any significant resistance. The Australian selectors will now face some tough questions as they try to find a winning combination for the final Test in Sydney. For South Africa, however, things could not be better. The win in Melbourne has cemented their place as one of the top Test teams in the world, and they will look to complete a whitewash when they take on Australia in the final Test in Sydney. With the likes of Philander, Rabada, and Maharaj performing so well, and batsmen like Elgar and Amla in fine form, South Africa will be confident of ending their tour of Australia on a high.