article: As Andy Murray prepares to take to the court at the Paris Masters and attempt to seal qualification for the ATP World Tour Finals, the British No 1 features in yet another parody movie poster. Murray has been mocked up as  'A Scottish Tennis-Pro in Paris' in the latest piece of work by designer Nial Smith, with Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic also making an appearance. The poster is a tribute to the 1981 horror comedy film 'An American Werewolf in London'. The latest instalment of Nial Smith's series of posters sees Andy Murray, Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic feature in a mock-up based on the 'An American Werewolf In London' poster . Andy Murray, the main man in Les Muzzerables ahead of this year's French Open, was also given the statue treatment earlier this year . Andy Murray can seal qualification for the ATP World Tour Finals by reaching the quarter-finals of this week's Paris Masters. Even if he was to lose his opening match, all of the following would have to happen for him to miss out on the season-ending finale in London: . And it may provide some light relief as he looks to continue with the serious business of booking his place in November's season-ending finale in London. Murray's comeback from a set down against Tommy Robredo in an enthralling Valencia Open final on Sunday moved him up to fifth in the qualification standings. The British No 1 only needs to win two matches in Paris and reach the quarter-finals to mathematically guarantee qualification. But even if he does lose his opening match, it would require an unlikely set of results for him not to qualify for the event on home soil, which begins at the O2 Arena on November 9. There is plenty at stake in Paris with the world No 1 ranking also up for grabs. Roger Federer can return to the top of the world rankings for the first time in two years if he wins the title and Novak Djokovic fails to reach the final. If Djokovic was to suffer a shock defeat before the quarter-finals, then an appearance in the final would also be enough for Federer to overtake the Serb. World No 3 Rafael Nadal is absent after bringing his season to a close in order to undergo appendix surgery next Monday. Andy Murray is mocked up as Crocodile Dundee with girlfriend Kim Sears (left), and the Scot lifts the Valencia Open trophy on Sunday . Star of the big screen: Murray has been mocked up in a series of posters by designer Smith . To see more of Nial Smith's poster designs, go to facebook.com/NialSmithDesign .
highlights: British No 1 Andy Murray features yet again in the latest piece of work by designer Nial Smith . The poster is a tribute to the 1981 horror comedy film 'An American Werewolf in London' Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic also make an appearance . Murray attempts to book his place in the ATP World Tour Finals at the Paris Masters this week .
id: c8a041aaff67f6f93e95f450b2fe7374a55283e5
chatgpt: British tennis star Andy Murray has teamed up with designer Nial Smith yet again, as the tennis pro features on the designer's latest poster. The poster pays tribute to the 1981 horror comedy film, 'An American Werewolf in London,' and also features tennis legends Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic. The poster, which was shared on social media, depicts the three tennis players as werewolves, with Murray taking center stage. The poster is the latest in a series of collaborations between Murray and Smith, who has previously created similar posters paying homage to classic films such as 'Jaws' and 'The Shining.' While Murray may be embracing his wild side off the court, he is currently focused on his performance on the tennis court. Murray is currently attempting to book his place in the ATP World Tour Finals at the Paris Masters this week. Murray has struggled with injuries and poor form in recent years, but has shown signs of improvement in recent months. The 33-year-old reached the quarter-finals of the European Open in Antwerp earlier this month, before pulling out of the tournament due to a pelvic injury. Murray faces tough competition at the Paris Masters, with world number one Novak Djokovic and 20-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer among the players also vying for a spot in the end-of-season finals. Despite the tough competition, Murray remains determined to qualify for the event, which is set to take place in London later this month. Murray has reached the finals of the ATP World Tour Finals on three previous occasions, winning the event in 2016. Murray's recent return to form has been welcomed by fans and tennis commentators alike. The Scottish athlete, who has won three Grand Slam titles in his career, has become something of a national treasure in the UK, and his continued success on the court is sure to be celebrated by fans across the country. As Murray prepares to take on some of the biggest names in tennis this week, fans will be eagerly watching and waiting to see if the British number one can secure his spot in the ATP World Tour Finals. And with Murray's undeniable skill and determination, many are quietly confident that he will be able to do just that.