article: The New Delhi High Court has overturned the conviction of a man accused of killing and raping a woman he called his 'mother'. Achey Lal appealed the conviction to the New Delhi High Court who overturned both the rape and homicide decisions. According to court documents, police discovered the semi-naked body of the victim in the house on December 31, 2010 in the house in Manju Ka Tila. The man was arrested by Dehli Police on December 31, 2010 at a house in Manju Ka Tila (file photograph) The New Delhi High Court said sex between Lal and the deceased was 'forceful not forcible' NDTV reported that the court ruled: 'Achey Lal, even if held guilty for causing the offence of rape, cannot be held guilty of murder as he neither had any intention nor knowledge that such a forceful act of sexual intercourse would cause the death of the woman. Consequently, he is acquitted for the offence punishable under Section 302 IPC.' The court also overturned Lal's rape conviction claiming: 'As regards the offence punishable under Section 376 (rape) of the IPC, the woman was aged over 60 years, thus beyond the age of menopause. 'We find force in the contention of the counsel for the appellant (Achey) that even if the sexual intercourse was forceful, it was not forcible and contrary to the wishes and consent of the deceased. 'Hence, we are of the opinion that it has not been proved beyond reasonable doubt that the appellant committed sexual intercourse with the deceased contrary to her wishes or her consent. Consequently, he is also acquitted of the rape charge.' The New Delhi High Court said 'besides the injuries on the vagina there is no other injury mark on the body of the deceased or the appellant to show there was any protest by the deceased'. They said: 'It has not been proved beyond reasonable doubt that the appellant committed sexual intercourse with the deceased contrary to her wishes or consent'. The woman's semi-naked body was discovered on New Year's Eve in 2010 at her home in Delhi .
highlights: Achey Lal had 'forceful sex' with the woman who he called his 'mother' Lal was convicted of homicide and rape but these were later overturned . The New Delhi High Court ruled the woman had no 'defensive injuries'
id: d2f973e793337998a873962c69fd85b24a5bfdc4
chatgpt: Achey Lal was recently acquitted of homicide and rape charges by the New Delhi High Court. Lal was accused of having forceful sex with a woman he called his "mother" and causing her death.  According to the prosecution, Lal killed the woman by strangulation during the non-consensual intercourse. However, the court found that there were no defensive injuries on the woman's body which refuted the allegation of forceful sex.  During the trial, the defense argued that the intercourse between Lal and the woman was consensual and not forced. Lal's lawyers also pointed out that the DNA samples collected from the woman's body did not match with Lal's DNA. The court ruled in favor of Lal and overturned the earlier judgement of homicide and rape. The judgement was based on the lack of evidence that could prove Lal's guilt beyond reasonable doubt.  The controversial case had captured the attention of the media and sparked a nationwide debate on the definition of rape and consent. Experts have highlighted the need for a clearer definition of rape in India's legal system to prevent such cases from leading to discrepancies in verdicts. The ruling has sparked mixed reactions from different quarters. While some have welcomed the decision, others have expressed concern over the judiciary's approach to rape cases. Many women's rights activists are calling for a review of the legal system to ensure that justice is served to the victims in such cases. The case has come to represent the complexity of rape cases in India and highlights the need for a more nuanced approach to investigating and prosecuting such cases. The debate on the case is expected to continue for a long time, with different stakeholders raising important questions about the country's legal system and its attitude towards sexual assault victims.