article: (CNN) -- A team of scientists has agreed that a giant asteroid killed off dinosaurs and a majority of other species on Earth more than 65 million years ago. The researchers analyzed evidence and agreed that it supports a single-impact theory first proposed 30 years ago on the cause of the mass extinction. Since 1980, scientists have gathered an overwhelming amount of evidence that shows a single asteroid about 6 miles in diameter, traveling at around 43,000 mph, slammed into the Gulf of Mexico, said Richard Norris, a paleoceanographer at the University of California San Diego. The impact caused a crater 24 miles deep and 125 miles wide, according to Norris, who was part of the research team. The crater was discovered in 1991 in Chicxulub, Mexico, on the Yucatan Peninsula, said scientists who called it the "smoking gun" that backed up the asteroid theory. Norris compared the asteroid's impact with a blast from 100 million megatons of TNT. "It's basically more powerful than all the atomic weapons on the planet going off all at once," he said. The researchers wanted to settle disputes about what killed off the dinosaurs. Some theories have argued that it would have taken many meteorites to cause such a cataclysmic event. Another rival theory suggested that the mass extinction was a result of a massive volcanic eruption in India that took place around the same time as the impact. However, evidence now shows that one monster impact caused the ecological catastrophe, Norris said. Data at the crater's location showed rock with concentrations of iridium and platinum, which are characteristic of the chemical fingerprints of the asteroid, Norris said. Norris speculates it took about 15 million years before the planet and surviving species started recovering from the impact that also destroyed 70 percent of other species. "It's believed that the impact actually blew down the forests over most of North America from the pressure wave associated with the explosion," Norris said. "Then there was this fireball that came after that that fried a lot of vegetation and basically cleaned off the landscape over most of North America." Scientists say the impact also caused a huge earthquake. It "jiggled loose a lot of sediment on the eastern seaboard," Norris said. The conclusion was published in the journal Science on Friday.
highlights: Scientists say a single asteroid about 6 miles in diameter slammed into the Gulf of Mexico . Impact was "more powerful than all the atomic weapons on the planet going off all at once" Took planet millions of years to recover from cataclysmic event .
id: 3ba77af36bc0963e43eb97bb3c99a474ac9238ba
chatgpt: Scientists have discovered evidence of a cataclysmic event that occurred millions of years ago when a single asteroid about 6 miles in diameter slammed into the Gulf of Mexico. The impact was so powerful that it was "more powerful than all the atomic weapons on the planet going off all at once." The discovery of the asteroid impact has shed new light on the mass extinction of the dinosaurs, which occurred around the same time as the impact. According to the scientists, the asteroid impact generated a massive shock wave that caused earthquakes, tsunamis, and a global firestorm that lasted for several hours. The impact also released an enormous amount of dust and debris into the atmosphere, blocking out the sun and causing temperatures to plummet. The resulting environmental changes caused the extinction of the dinosaurs and many other species of plants and animals. The researchers were able to identify the asteroid impact by analyzing geological samples from the Chicxulub Crater, which is located off the coast of Mexico. The crater measures approximately 110 miles in diameter and was formed by the impact of the asteroid. One of the researchers, Dr. Sean Gulick of the Jackson School of Geosciences, said that the impact was "a very bad day for life on Earth." The asteroid impact caused massive devastation across the planet, and it took millions of years for the planet to recover from the catastrophe. The discovery of the asteroid impact has important implications for our understanding of the history of life on Earth. It shows that even a single catastrophic event can have profound effects on the planet and its inhabitants. It also highlights the importance of studying the geological history of the Earth and using scientific methods to understand the forces that have shaped our planet over millions of years. The discovery of the asteroid impact has also sparked new interest in the study of asteroids and their potential to cause catastrophic events on Earth. Scientists are now working to identify and track potentially dangerous asteroids and develop strategies to mitigate the impact of their collisions. Despite the devastation caused by the impact of the asteroid, life on Earth eventually recovered and evolved in new and diverse ways. The discovery of the asteroid impact is a reminder of the resilience of life and the power of the forces that shape our planet. As we continue to explore the mysteries of the universe, we must remain vigilant and prepared for the unexpected, knowing that even a single cosmic event can have a profound impact on our planet and our way of life.