article: By . Matt Blake . PUBLISHED: . 12:06 EST, 4 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:14 EST, 4 January 2013 . 'A true gent': Mr Banks' death has stunned family and friends and has led to a slew of tributes to the musician and sculptor, who is described as 'one of life's nice guys and a true gent' A musician died as he tried to retrieve a set of keys he dropped down a drain. Father-of-two, Andy Banks, had been out at a pub in Liversedge, West Yorkshire, on New Years Day and he is believed to have fallen down the drain. The 49-year-old is believed to have been walking home to nearby Dewsbury when the accident occurred. It is not known exactly how he ended up falling down the roadside drain but it is believed he may have taken the grate off the top and he fell when he reached down for the keys. Police were called at around 12.16am to a street in Heckmondwike. Mr Banks' family and friends paid . tribute to the musician and sculptor, who one described as 'one of . life's nice guys and a true gent'. Police were called at around 12.16am on Wednesday to a street in Heckmondwike, and neighbours reported seeing about seven response cars, a video van and a winch at the scene along with a special rescue unit from West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Team. Friend Sharon Brogden had known him . for about 20 years, she said he was a sensitive and generous man who had . recently opened rehearsal rooms in Dewsbury for bands to practice in. 'That's . something he decided to do, because that's the sort of person he was,' she said. 'He was very sensitive and very honest. I still can't get my . head round what's happened. 'It wasn't his time to go. He had everything going. Everything seemed to be going well,' she added. A well-loved local musician Mr Banks played in a number for bands but was perhaps best known for working with the eccentric Eric and the Viaduct. He was also a member of Dewsbury Socialist Society, which lowered the Union Flag outside its club to half-mast yesterday. Mr Banks was best known for playing the mandolin, but also played the banjo, flute and violin. Michael Shepherd said: 'A wise, intelligent and talented musician, artist, . sculptor, thinker and father who loved life. 'I . remember in his youth he had the words, "We were born to go as far as . we can fly," written on his bedroom wall, which I have never forgotten.' Mystery: It is believed Mr Banks died when he fell into a drain while trying retrieve dropped keys in King Street, Heckmondwike, West Yorkshire, as he walked home .
highlights: Andy Banks, 49, is thought to have fallen into a drain after dropping his keys . He was returning from a pub near his home before the tragedy occurred . Was well known in hometown Dewsbury, West Yorks, as a talented musician . Friends describe him as 'artist, sculptor, thinker and father who loved life'
id: 60f9f1a9b95bc4adaaad6e10bcb0f8dade50da96
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the town of Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, as news of the untimely death of a talented musician spread through the community. Andy Banks, 49, was returning from a nearby pub when he fell into a drain after dropping his keys. According to eyewitnesses, Banks had been walking home and appeared to be in high spirits. He was well-known in Dewsbury, having spent many years performing as a musician both locally and further afield. His friends and family have been left devastated by the news of his death. Banks was described by those who knew him as an artist, sculptor, thinker, and a father who loved life. He was a talented and creative individual who had a passion for music that he shared with those around him. He had made a name for himself in the music scene in Dewsbury and was well-respected by his peers. The news of his tragic death has left his family, friends, and fans in shock. Social media has been flooded with tributes and messages of condolence, as people come to terms with the loss of a talented and much-loved member of the community. As news of the incident spread, questions were raised about the safety of the area where Banks had fallen. Some have suggested that the drain should have been better secured to prevent such accidents from occurring. Others have commented on the need for more lighting in the area to make it safer for pedestrians. The local authorities have stated that they will be investigating the incident to determine if any changes need to be made to improve the safety of the area. They have expressed their condolences to Banks' family and friends and stated that they will be working closely with them during this difficult time. The death of Banks is a tragic reminder of the fragility of life and the need to take care when out and about, particularly in areas that may be less well-lit or secured. Banks' family and friends have requested that people respect their privacy during this difficult time and have asked for any donations or tributes to be made to a local charity in his memory. The loss of Andy Banks has left a void in the community, but his memory will live on through his music and the fond memories of those who knew and loved him. Dewsbury has lost a talented musician, but his legacy will continue to inspire others for years to come.