article: A drunk thief with more than 30 previous convictions walked into a Magistrates' Court and stole a desktop computer just nine days after being released from prison. James Vale from Norwich entered the court building looking for a friend when he spotted a suitcase containing the computer and carried it home with him. The 39-year-old criminal was arrested the following day after he stole two t-shirts from Primark and a mouthwash from Boots. James Vale, left, walked into Norwich Magistrates' Court, right, just nine days after being released from prison and stole a desktop computer being stored in a suitcase . While being questioned he admitted stealing the computer from the court. Vale's defence solicitor Alistair Taunton told Norwich Magistrates' Court: 'The theft from here was stupid. 'He came here looking for a friend. He had had some alcohol. He saw it and he took it. 'He took it home. He had no idea what he was going to do with it. Mr Taunton added: “He woke up the following day, sober, and wondered "What the hell have I done?" 'He was trying to work out a way to get around his error and get it back somehow. But in the end he did not have a chance to and admitted it to the police.' He said Vale, who was jailed yesterday for 26 weeks for the thefts, was on medication for mental health problems. Vale stole a desktop computer, (file photo left)  from the court office before taking two t-shirts from Primark in Norwich (right)  the following day . Mr Taunton told Magistrates this incident, his client had asked a worker at the City Reach Clinic to put his name forward for a computer course to allow him to improve his chance of getting a job. Norfolk Police said that Vale took the desktop computer between 4.30pm and 4.40pm on Thursday May 29. The Courts and Tribunal Service insisted that there was no sensitive information on the stolen computer. A spokesperson added: 'HM Courts and Tribunals Service takes the issue of security within courts extremely seriously and we are urgently investigating the circumstances of this incident. 'Security checks are carried out at all courts across the country to safeguard the public and to prevent illegal activity taking place on court premises. 'Public areas in all courts are patrolled regularly.'
highlights: James Vale walked into Norwich Magistrates' Court looking for a friend . Vale spotted a suitcase containing the computer and stole it . The 39-year-old thief claimed he woke up the following day asking 'What the hell have I done?' Vale had only been released from jail nine days earlier when he stole the computer . Vale was jailed for 26 weeks after admitting the latest series of thefts .
id: f75357c5afaa026b7a3302d086e4115f0780e36a
chatgpt: Norwich Magistrates' Court witnessed yet another case of theft as James Vale walked in, looking for a friend. However, he spotted a suitcase containing a computer and impulsively decided to steal it. The 39-year-old thief has now been sentenced to 26 weeks in jail after admitting to a series of thefts. According to reports, Vale had only been released from jail nine days earlier when he committed this crime. He claimed that he woke up the following day, asking himself, "What the hell have I done?" However, this claim seemed to hold little weight in court, given that Vale had a long history of stealing. The stolen computer is said to have contained important information belonging to its owner. Hence, Vale's actions not only resulted in the loss of the computer but also caused a significant breach of privacy for the victim. During the hearing, Vale was remorseful for his actions and said that he was willing to make amends for the harm he had caused. However, the court had little sympathy for Vale, given his previous criminal record. The prosecutor in the case, Robyn Khan, outlined the repeated pattern of thefts by Vale, and how he had shown no intention of changing his behavior. The judge, in his sentencing, stated that he had no option but to give Vale a custodial sentence to prevent him from causing further harm in the future. The victim of the theft expressed his disappointment in the incident and said that he hoped that Vale would learn from his actions and not repeat them in the future. The incident, yet again, highlights the issue of theft in society, and how it can impact individuals and organizations. It also underscores the importance of rehabilitation efforts for those who commit crimes, to ensure that they do not reoffend in the future. Overall, Vale's actions were impulsive and resulted in severe consequences for both himself and others. The sentence handed down by the court will serve as a warning to others who may be contemplating similar actions.