article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 09:53 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:18 EST, 29 November 2013 . Police have vowed to carry on investigating Ian Watkins after he admitted a series of sexual offences . Police are pursuing new leads in the Ian Watkins child sex abuse case after receiving a number of calls following an appeal for unknown victims to come forward. Paedophile rock singer Watkins admitted two counts of attempted rape on the baby of a female fan, on the eve of a contested trial this week. The former Lostprophets frontman's admissions included conspiracy to rape a baby. The 36-year-old, from Pontypridd, South Wales, plotted the shocking abuse with the two mothers of the babies in a series of text and internet messages. Senior South Wales police vowed to carry on investigating Watkins after his admissions at Cardiff Crown Court on Tuesday. Detective chief inspector Peter Doyle said the force would 'work tirelessly to identify any other victims or witnesses and seek the justice they deserve'. He also appealed for anyone who has been 'affected' by the Watkins child sex abuse case to make contact. A spokesman for the force said today that it had 'received a number of calls as a result of the telephone numbers we published in the appeal'. He said he could not give the number of calls received or the information passed to police but they were being followed up by officers. The former Lostprophets frontman's admissions included conspiracy to rape a baby . The comments will only add to the growing . fear that Watkins's guilty pleas offer only a glimpse of the true . extent of his drug-fuelled debauchery. Former girlfriend Joanna Majic, 38, warned this week that sex predator Watkins had abused hundreds of young victims during years of secret offending. She claimed besotted female fans of the paedophile are hiding the true extent of his offending because they secretly offered their children for abuse. She repeatedly reported Watkins to the police from 2008 onwards but her accusations were not acted on at the time. South Wales police DCI Peter Doyle (right ) and Catrin Evans (centre, front) from the CPS talk to the press outside Cardiff Crown Court . 'I've always said to the police, there's . hundreds of victims out there and you're never going to find them . because the mothers are in on it,' she said in an interview. When police informed her last year that Watkins had been arrested she replied: '"You're four years too late," because if they'd have done something in 2008 he never would have done anything.' Anyone who has been affected by the Watkins case, or other cases of child abuse, is urged to contact South Wales Police on 029 20634184 or the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000.
highlights: Police have vowed to carry on investigating singer Ian Watkins . He admitted two counts of attempted rape on the baby of a female fan . Police have appealed for anyone 'affected' by Watkins case to make contact . The force has 'received a number of calls' as a result of appeal .
id: 758ac26f99cc9547d76482d734270323c19f6372
chatgpt: Police have announced they will continue to thoroughly investigate former Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins, after he recently admitted to two counts of attempted rape of an infant in court. Watkins pleaded guilty to the heinous acts, which involved the attempted rape of the baby of a female fan. While Watkins pleaded guilty to the charges, police are still urging anyone who has been affected by the case to come forward and contact them. The force has already received a number of calls from people who were impacted by the news. The case has been a shocking one for many, as Watkins is a prominent figure in the music industry. He was the lead singer of popular rock band Lostprophets, who has had a number of hits over the years. The news of Watkins' arrest and beyond disturbing charges stunned his followers and fans all over the world. Many could not believe that someone they had looked up to and admired could have committed such acts. Despite the guilty plea, police say their investigation is far from over. They will continue to look into the matter to determine if there are any additional victims or if anyone else was involved in Watkins' crimes. A spokesperson for the police department stated that they are determined to bring justice to anyone who has been impacted by the case. They explained that it is important for both victims and anyone affected by the case to come forward, so that justice can be properly served. In addition to the police investigation, many people in the music industry have spoken out about the shocking news. Some have voiced their support for the victims, while others have expressed their disgust over Watkins' actions. The case has put a spotlight on the issue of sexual abuse and exploitation in the music industry, and many people are now calling for greater accountability and action to be taken to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. Despite the disturbing nature of the case, the response from the public and the police department has been swift and determined. It is clear that Watkins' actions will not be tolerated, and that justice will be served to anyone who was impacted by his crimes. As the investigation continues, police are urging anyone who has been affected by the case to come forward and contact them. They hope that by doing so, they can bring a sense of closure to those who have been hurt and ensure that justice is properly served.