article: Shinji Kagawa is not an automatic starter in Borussia Dortmund's Champions League opener against Arsenal on Tuesday, despite scoring on his return to the German club on Saturday. The 25-year-old Japan international, who spent two disappointing seasons at Manchester United after winning back-to-back German league titles at Dortmund in 2011 and 2012, scored one goal and helped set up the other in their 3-1 win over Freiburg. 'For a first game back it was an extraordinary one for him on Saturday,' coach Jurgen Klopp said on Monday. Shinji Kagawa of Dortmund prepares for a training session on Monday afternoon . Jurgen Klopp answers questions during a press conference in Dortmund . 'We saw the opportunity and used it to bring him back and at least here everyone is happy.' 'A decision whether he will play tomorrow will be taken tomorrow morning.' Kagawa, a crowd favourite in Dortmund, instantly added pace and creativity to their game, especially with a handful of midfielders missing through injury, including Marco Reus, Nuri Sahin, Jakub Blaszczykowski and Ilkay Guendogan. Another player itching to get match practice is Sven Bender, who missed the World Cup through injury and looks fully fit after coming on as a substitute on Saturday. He could replace Serbian holding midfielder Milos Jojic, who did not look sharp against Freiburg. Shinji Kagawa prepares for the Champions League tie against Arsenal with his Dortmund team-mate . Shinji Kagawa (middle) of Japan walks beside his new teammates during a training session in Dortmund . 'Sven Bender is an option for tomorrow,' said Klopp, who added a decision on Jojic would also be taken on Tuesday morning. Dortmund played Arsenal in 2011 and last season when they lost 1-0 at home but beat Arsenal in London 2-1. 'Those who saw Arsenal here last year know very well they can also play defensive football and switch their game very quickly. 'So we should play according to our most natural virtues and take some tactical measures to keep them at bay.' Shinji Kagawa (centre) and Dortmund's Serbian midfielder Milos Josic warm up .
highlights: Jurgen Klopp said Shinji Kagawa is not guaranteed starting place in Champions League clash . Japan international scored on his return to the Bundesliga on Saturday . Borussia Dortmund take on Arsenal on Tuesday night .
id: a2272798c345ccf44c9992346b806a2b27918172
chatgpt: Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has issued a warning to his former player Shinji Kagawa, ahead of Borussia Dortmund's Champions League clash against Arsenal on Tuesday night. Klopp stated that Kagawa is not guaranteed a starting place in the match, despite the Japan international’s impressive return to the Bundesliga at the weekend. Kagawa, who had previously played under Klopp at Dortmund before joining Manchester United and eventually returning to his former club, found the back of the net on Saturday against Eintracht Frankfurt. However, Klopp believes that the attacking midfielder will face stiff competition for a place in the starting XI against the Gunners. Speaking at a press conference ahead of the match, Klopp said: "Shinji is a great player, and he showed that on Saturday. But we have a lot of quality in our squad, and there are no guarantees that he will start against Arsenal. We have to make a decision based on what we feel is best for the team." Klopp’s comments are not just a reflection of Kagawa’s form, but also an indication of the strength of Dortmund's squad. The club boasts an array of attacking talent, including Marco Reus, Paco Alcacer and Jadon Sancho, making competition for places fierce. Meanwhile, Kagawa remains upbeat about his chances of playing, and is eager to show what he can do in one of the biggest games of the season. The midfielder said: "I am looking forward to the game against Arsenal. They are a strong team, but we have prepared well for this match. I will do my best to help the team if I am given the chance to play." Tuesday night’s game is a crucial one for both Dortmund and Arsenal, who are tied at the top of Group F with six points each. A win for Dortmund would see them take control of the group, while Arsenal will be looking to avenge their 3-0 defeat to the German side in the last-16 of the competition in 2014. With both teams possessing plenty of attacking firepower, the match promises to be an enthralling encounter. Whether Kagawa starts or not, it’s sure to be a game that could have a major impact on who progresses to the knockout stages of the competition.