article: By . Sarah Johnson . PUBLISHED: . 12:59 EST, 16 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:16 EST, 17 December 2012 . A goalkeeper has been banned from wearing an all-pink kit to support his cancer-stricken mother. Jack Turner, 20, who plays for Staines Town, had the garish outfit made especially to pay tribute to his mother Kim and to raise money for a breast cancer charity. He was told he could not wear the brightly coloured strip because it was not the Middlesex side's 'official colours'. Pretty in pink: Jack Turner (pictured) was banned from wearing a pink football kit which he had made to raise money for a breast cancer charity . He said: ‘I felt wearing the kit was the least I could do to support my mum and raise some money for charity in the process. ‘I expected to get a bit of attention from away fans but they have been very supportive. I cannot believe the league's attitude. ‘I . am not harming anyone and just trying to raise awareness. I never . wanted to cause any trouble and do not understand what all the fuss is . about.’ Staines, who play in the Blue Square South - five divisions below the Premier League, have even been threatened with a fine if Mr Turner defies the ban. Heartbreaking: Mr Turner also wanted to wear the kit to support his mother who had breast cancer . Mrs Turner, meanwhile, has blasted the ruling as 'heartless'. She said: ‘The league are out of touch and need to grow a heart. ‘I am recovering from breast cancer along with my mother and my cousin, who have also got cancer and because pink is associated with that, Jack had this idea to wear the kit. ‘He has taken quite a lot of stick from visiting fans regarding the colour of his kit, but when they realise the reason he wears it they applaud and support him. ‘Recently supporters of Tonbridge Angels even passed a hat around behind his goal and at Farnborough the same thing happened. ‘No club has ever objected to him wearing pink at home matches but the Conference say it is unprofessional - despite being told exactly why he wears it. ‘All my son is trying to do it support me, the charity and raise awareness.’ Mr Turner, who played professionally for AFC Wimbledon, is not the first soccer star to wear pink in aid of charity. Former England goalkeeper David James spent a year risking the wrath of away fans while playing for Portsmouth in 2009 to generate funds for the Wessex Cancer Trust. The Premier League turned a blind eye but Conference general manager Dennis Strudwick has ordered Mr Turner to revert to Staines's registered colours of all-blue. Mr Strudwick said: ‘Of course we are sympathetic to the situation but the simple fact is that we're a professional league and if we bent the rules once, we'd have to do it again.’
highlights: Jack Turner had the kit made especially to support mother and raise money . Told he could not wear the strip because was not the team's 'official colours' Club was threatened with a fine if Mr Turner continued to flout the rules .
id: 41553a43e58fef80f413a2a1f9a4017f0b47127c
chatgpt: A football fan has been banned from wearing a charity football kit during matches, despite it being made especially to support his mother and raise money for charity. Jack Turner, from Manchester, made the decision to create a unique kit to wear whilst playing with his local football club. He hoped to increase awareness of his family’s fundraising efforts for multiple sclerosis research, whilst honouring his mother, who suffers from the condition. Unfortunately, Mr. Turner soon found himself at the centre of a controversy, after he was told by his club that he could not wear the kit because it was not the team’s “official colours.” The club was allegedly threatened with a fine if Mr. Turner continued to flout the rules. Talking to the media about the incident, Mr. Turner expressed his frustration: “I can’t believe this is happening. I just wanted to do something to support my mum and raise money for a good cause. It’s ridiculous that I’m being told I can’t wear the kit.” The club’s decision to ban Mr. Turner from wearing the kit has sparked a wider debate about the rights of football fans to express themselves through their clothing. Some argue that it is unfair to prevent fans from wearing kits that represent their personal values or support a good cause. Others, however, argue that it is important to maintain strict rules around club colours, in order to preserve a sense of order and consistency in the sport. They argue that allowing fans to wear any kit they choose could make it difficult to distinguish between competing teams, and could lead to confusion and potential conflict on the pitch. Despite the controversy surrounding the ban on Mr. Turner’s charity kit, his family’s fundraising efforts continue to be successful. Through a series of sponsored runs and events, they have raised thousands of pounds for MS research, and have gained international recognition for their work. In response to the controversy, a spokesperson for the club stated: “We appreciate Mr. Turner’s efforts to support his mother and raise money for charity, and we respect his intentions. However, our rules are very clear on the wearing of official club colours, and we cannot make exceptions for individuals.” Whilst the incident may have left Mr. Turner feeling disappointed, it is clear that his efforts to support his family and raise money for a worthy cause have not gone unnoticed. The controversy may spark wider discussions around the role of clothing in sports, and the importance of maintaining consistency and tradition on the football field. However, perhaps more importantly, it highlights the power of individuals to make a real difference in the lives of those struggling with illness or hardship.