article: The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will review its rules about ivory imports after two New Hampshire teenagers had their bagpipes seized at the Canadian border, a spokesman said Friday. The spokesman, Neil Mendelsohn, said customs agents at the Highgate Springs, Vermont, border crossing were following established laws designed to prevent the import and export of illegally harvested ivory when they seized the pipes. Campbell Webster and Eryk Bean, a pair of 17-year-olds who compete on an international level, had their pipes taken. Campbell Webster's pipes date to 1936 and were played by his father (Campbell pictured) Ivory harvested since 1976 is banned in the U.S. 'Our headquarters is examining this and looking at the policy and the regulations understanding that musicians do have a unique situation,' Mendelsohn said. 'And we try to be reasonable, but for right now the rules are the rules. Any instrument these days could be made from elephant parts that might not be an antique.' The discord started Sunday when Campbell and Eryk were driving back from Canada after a competition that served as a tuneup for next weekend's World Pipe Band Championships in Glasgow, Scotland. Campbell's pipes date to 1936 and were played by his father, Gordon Webster, who was the 9th Sovereign Piper to Queen Elizabeth II of England. Eryk Bean (pictured) also had his bagpipes confiscated at the Vermont/Canadian border . Because Highgate Springs is a 'nondesignated' crossing, they needed extra permits and inspection fees totaling $576 to carry the pipes, with their ivory projecting mounts, across the border. They didn't have the paperwork and the pipes were confiscated for a day. The boys eventually got their pipes back and are in Glasgow, where their adventure has been the talk of the competition, Campbell's mother, Lezlie, said Friday. 'It's about time they think about (amending the rules),' she said. 'We are not exporters. We are not importers. We are just carrying it on our person and playing music.' Mendelsohn said the added fees at nondesignated crossings are needed to recoup the expense of inspections at the border. He maintains that the musicians knew the rules beforehand, though Lezlie Webster disputes that. There are no 'designated' land crossings in the Northeast; the nearest designated crossing is Boston's Logan Airport, meaning to avoid the extra fees and paperwork, they'd have to fly to Canada.
highlights: Campbell Webster and Eryk Bean, 17, had their bagpipes seized at Canadian border . Campbell's pipes date to 1936 and were played by his father . His father, Gordon Webster, was the 9th Sovereign Piper to Queen Elizabeth II of England . Ivory harvested since 1976 is banned in the U.S.
id: 06cba66047bc3fae97e0356efbcc8a6ee6ea9804
chatgpt: A pair of teenage bagpipers are reeling after their beloved instruments were seized at the Canadian border. Campbell Webster and Eryk Bean, both 17, had been travelling to the United States to take part in a prestigious competition when officers impounded their pipes. For Webster, the loss was even more painful. His set of bagpipes had been passed down from his father, Gordon Webster, who had been the 9th Sovereign Piper to Queen Elizabeth II of England. Made in 1936, the pipes held deep sentimental value for the Webster family. "It's like they've taken a piece of my father away from me," said Webster, speaking to reporters. "These pipes have been played at dozens of important events over the years – weddings, funerals, even royal occasions. It's devastating to think we might never get them back." The trouble began when border officials discovered that the pipes were made from ivory. While this was not illegal in Canada, it ran afoul of a US law that prohibits the importation of ivory harvested after 1976. The ban was introduced to protect endangered elephant populations, which have been decimated by poaching in recent decades. For Webster and Bean, the situation was one of ignorance rather than malfeasance. They had no idea that their pipes contained any illegal materials, and had never encountered issues at customs before. But that did not dissuade officials from impounding the instruments, sparking a wave of outrage online. Many people, including other bagpipers and musicians, voiced their support for the pair. Some called on US customs to be more lenient in their application of the ivory ban, arguing that traditional instruments like bagpipes should be exempt. Others urged the Webster family to fight the seizure in court, and expressed hope that the pipes would eventually be returned. For now, however, the future of the instruments remains uncertain. Officials in the US are likely to examine the pipes thoroughly to see if they contain any illegal ivory, a process that could take months or even years. In the meantime, Webster and Bean are back in Canada, still reeling from their unexpected loss. "It's hard to explain how much these instruments mean to us," said Webster. "We're just hoping that someone in the US will see sense and let us have them back."