article: Paris (CNN) -- In a rare public spat, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticized his political mentor, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, for Putin's comments over the use of force against Libya. It all started Monday, when Putin visited the town of Votkinsk, where a large defense plant that produces missiles (including nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles) is located. Criticizing the United Nations Security Council resolution authorizing a no-fly zone over Libya and military action to back it up, Putin called it "obviously incomplete and flawed." Putin said it's clear that "it allows anyone to do anything they want -- to take any actions against a sovereign state." "It resembles a medieval appeal for a crusade in which somebody calls upon somebody to go to a certain place and liberate it," he said. On Thursday, acting on instructions from Medvedev, Russia abstained from the U.N. Security Council resolution imposing a no-fly zone over Libya but did not veto it, something that Putin obviously thought should have happened. A few hours later Medvedev weighed in, scolding Putin's comments, without using the prime minister's name. "It is absolutely inexcusable to use expressions that, in effect, lead to a clash of civilizations -- such as 'crusades,' and so on. That is unacceptable," he said. Otherwise "everything could end up in far worse shape than it is now. It is important to remember this." Medvedev went on: "All that is now happening in Libya is the result of the appalling behavior of the Libyan leadership and the crimes it committed against its own people." He did not instruct his diplomats to veto the resolution, he said, "for one reason: I do not consider this resolution to be wrong. Moreover, I believe that this resolution generally reflects our understanding of what is going on in Libya." The public smackdown was political catnip in Moscow. The two men, whom Russians refer to as "the tandem," both could be candidates for president in 2012 but neither is announcing yet he will run. Speculation is rife over who might go first -- and when. Medvedev has developed a close working relationship with President Barack Obama but Putin has a prickly relationship with Washington. At the factory Monday, Putin took aim not only at Medvedev's refusal to use his veto, but at the U.S. leadership: . "In Bill Clinton's times," Putin said, "Yugoslavia and Belgrade were bombed. Bush sent armed forces into Afghanistan. A far-fetched and totally false pretext was used to invade Iraq, and the entire Iraqi leadership was eliminated, even children in Saddam Hussein's family died. "And now, it's Libya's turn -- under the pretext of protecting civilians. But it's the civilian population who dies during those airstrikes against (Libyan) territory. Where is the logic and the conscience? There is neither."
highlights: Prime minister raps U.N. resolution, refers to "crusade" Presidents calls comments "unacceptable" Both could run for president next year .
id: 5731ca7672bece19c47bc07ca4d887484d75b567
chatgpt: Prime Minister and possible candidate for the presidency, John Smith, has come under fire after referring to a recent United Nations resolution as a "crusade." The controversial remark has been criticized by both his political opponents and leaders on the global stage. The remarks were made during a rally in support of Smith's presidential bid, in which he blasted the latest U.N. resolution as a "blatant attack on our values and way of life." He went on to describe the resolution as a "crusade" against Western civilization, a term which has drawn the ire of many who believe it evokes the violent religious wars of the past. Critics have slammed his comments as insensitive and inappropriate, given the delicate relationship between many Western countries and the Middle East. "It's not helpful to invoke the language of the crusades when dealing with sensitive issues like this," said one commentator. Smith's comments have also drawn the attention of his rival, the current President of the United States, Lisa Martinez. Speaking at a press conference, Martinez said that his use of the term "crusade" was "unacceptable" and demonstrated a lack of respect for other cultures and religions. "Mr. Smith's comments do not reflect the values of this country or its leaders," she said. "We must ensure that our language and actions are respectful and dignified, especially when dealing with complex global issues." The clash between Smith and Martinez comes as both candidates gear up for a potential run for the presidency in the upcoming election. While Martinez has not officially announced her candidacy, she is widely expected to seek another term in office. Smith, on the other hand, has been actively campaigning for months and has gained significant traction among his supporters. He has been praised for his strong stance on issues like immigration and national security, and many believe he could pose a serious challenge to Martinez if he decides to run. The controversy over his recent comments, however, could damage his prospects and hurt his standing with voters, particularly those who value diversity and tolerance. Some experts have suggested that Smith may need to issue a formal apology in order to regain their trust. Regardless of the outcome, the clash between Smith and Martinez has highlighted the intense political climate in the country, as well as the challenges faced by those who seek to navigate it. It remains to be seen how this latest development will play out, but one thing is clear: the race for the presidency just got even more intense.