article: One man died trying to escape a burning ferry in the Adriatic Sea on Sunday afternoon, and hundreds more were awaiting rescue as night fell on the beleaguered vessel. Rescue crews worked into the night to airlift passengers by helicopter from the Italian-flagged Norman Atlantic, which caught on fire Sunday morning off the coast of Greece. In the early hours of Monday morning, the Italian Coast Guard confirmed that 201 people had been rescued. It's believed 276 are still on board the burning vessel. The fire has been contained, but smoke and weather conditions hindered extracting passengers in metal baskets from the ferry. They are being transported to merchant ships and an Italian Navy transport dock, from where they will eventually continue on to the Italian port of Brindisi or hospitals. Passengers suffering from smoke inhalation and hypothermia will be brought to hospitals in southern Italy, the Italian Coast Guard said. With rescue efforts under way, the focus of Italian and Greek media is shifting to the cause of the blaze, which is believed to have started in the ship's parking bay. At least one truck driver told the Greek news media that trucks filled with oil were "packed like sardines," cargo scraping the ceiling, which could have set off sparks in rough seas to start a fire, he surmised. Those remaining on board awaited rescue on the upper deck -- "dying of cold and suffocating from the smoke" even as their feet were "burning" from the fire's heat, said a Greek passenger who called Italy's state broadcaster RAI TV. The disaster made national headlines in Greece, Italy and other countries with citizens aboard the ferry. In a Sunday morning public address, Pope Francis offered "affection and prayers" to those affected by the Norman Atlantic ferry fire as well as a collision in the Adriatic Sea between two merchant ships. Thick clouds of smoke enveloped the vessel earlier Sunday as rescuers awaited an opportunity to approach. At least eight ships were deployed, but heavy winds and freezing waters kept them at bay, making evacuation by air the only feasible option. Turkish diplomatic personnel are heading to Igoumenitsa, the likely port for evacuated passengers, according to a Turkish Foreign Ministry statement. Turkish citizens were among the passengers, with Greeks and Italians making up the majority.
highlights: Number rescued climbs to 201; there are 276 still on board . At least one person is dead after jumping off Norman Atlantic ferry . The Norman Atlantic was carrying almost 500 people and more than 200 vehicles . Heavy winds and rough waters hindered rescue efforts .
id: ddd39cdf812628cc4d9180a6a35c7895ffe6493d
chatgpt: In a harrowing ordeal, the Norman Atlantic ferry caught fire in the early hours of Sunday morning, leaving almost 500 passengers and crew stranded in difficult conditions. The latest reports indicate that the number of people rescued has climbed to 201, but 276 are still on board, awaiting rescue. The ferry was en route from the Greek port of Patras to the Italian port of Ancona, carrying more than 200 vehicles as well as passengers and crew. The fire broke out on the car deck, and according to eyewitnesses, quickly spread to other parts of the ferry. Efforts to rescue the passengers and crew have been impeded by heavy winds and rough waters. Helicopters and rescue ships from several countries are involved in the rescue operation, but progress has been slow. One person has reportedly died after jumping off the ferry, and many others have suffered injuries. The situation on board the ferry has been described as chaotic, with passengers and crew struggling to make their way to safety. Some have reported being stranded on the upper decks of the ferry, with no means of escape. The Greek Prime Minister, Antonis Samaras, has called for a "swift and effective" international effort to rescue those still on board. Italian authorities have also dispatched a navy ship to assist in the rescue operation. The cause of the fire is not yet known, but initial reports suggest that it may have started in one of the vehicles on board. The ferry was reportedly equipped with fire-fighting equipment, but it is unclear whether this was sufficient to contain the flames. The incident has raised questions about the safety of ferry services in the region, and the adequacy of emergency preparedness measures. The Greek government has announced that it will launch an investigation into the incident, and will take steps to improve safety standards. The Norman Atlantic ferry is owned by the Italian ferry company, Visemar di Navigazione. The company has issued a statement expressing its "deepest sympathy" for those affected by the incident, and has promised to support the rescue operation in any way possible. As the rescue operation continues, the thoughts of people around the world are with those still on board the Norman Atlantic ferry, and with those who are working to save them.