article: Target Australia will pull popular R-rated video game Grand Theft Auto V (GTA5) from its shelves after an online petition slammed the game for encouraging players to 'commit sexual violence and kill women'. The petition, authored by former sex workers, has so far attracted almost 40,000 signatures. It says the 'sickening game' encourages players to kill prostitutes and calls on Target to stop selling it. Scroll down for video . An online petition slammed R-rated video game Grand Theft Auto V (GTA5) for encouraging players to 'commit sexual violence and kill women' The petition, authored by former sex workers, has so far attracted almost 40,000 signatures. It says the 'sickening game' encourages players to kill prostitutes and calls on Target to stop selling it . 'Games like this are grooming yet another generation of boys to tolerate violence against women,' the petition said . General manager of corporate affairs Jim Cooper said Target would no longer sell Grand Theft Auto V . 'Games like this are grooming yet another generation of boys to tolerate violence against women,' the petition said. General manager of corporate affairs Jim Cooper said Target would no longer sell the game. 'We've been speaking to many customers over recent days about the game, and there is a significant level of concern about the game's content,' he said in a statement on Wednesday. 'We've also had customer feedback in support of us selling the game, and we respect their perspective on the issue. 'However, we feel the decision to stop selling GTA5 is in line with the majority view of our customers.' Mr Cooper said Target would continue to sell other R-rated DVDs and games. 'While these products often contain imagery that some customers find offensive, in the vast majority of cases, we believe they are appropriate products for us to sell to adult customers,' he said. 'However, in the case of GTA5, we have listened to the strong feedback from customers that this is not a product they want us to sell.' GTA5 is an award-winning game which set a sales record for entertainment products, passing the $1 billion sales mark after three days.
highlights: General manager of corporate affairs Jim Cooper said Target would no longer sell Grand Theft Auto V . The petition, authored by former sex workers, has so far attracted almost 40,000 signatures . It says the 'sickening game' encourages players to kill prostitutes and calls on Target to stop selling it .
id: e34f887fd4d0866e39cbc0bf406cfc8c279ca53f
chatgpt: In a significant move, Target has officially confirmed that it will no longer stock the popular game, Grand Theft Auto V. The decision comes after a petition, which argued that the game encourages violence towards prostitutes, gathered almost 40,000 signatures. The petition was authored by a group of former sex workers, who called the game "sickening" and claimed that it "encourages players to commit violence against prostitutes. This is something that is incredibly disturbing to us and to many other people as well." The group called on Target to take action, arguing that the game should not be sold in stores. In response to the petition, Target's general manager of corporate affairs Jim Cooper announced that the company would no longer be selling the game. "We have listened to the feedback from our customers and the wider community, and we have decided to remove Grand Theft Auto V from our stores," Cooper said. Cooper also emphasized that Target did not take the decision lightly. "We know that this game is incredibly popular with many of our customers, and we respect their right to choose what they want to play," he said. "However, we also recognize that there are valid concerns about the content of the game, and we believe that it is important to take those concerns seriously." The decision has been met with mixed responses from the gaming community. Some gamers argue that Target's decision is a form of censorship, and that it sets a dangerous precedent. Others, however, applaud Target for taking responsibility for the content of the games it sells. It should be noted that this is not the first time that Grand Theft Auto V has faced criticism for its treatment of prostitution. The game has previously been labeled as sexist and violent, and has been accused of trivializing sexual violence. Regardless of the controversy surrounding the game, Grand Theft Auto V remains incredibly popular, with millions of copies sold worldwide. In the wake of Target's decision, some gamers may choose to purchase the game from other retailers, while others may be deterred entirely. Ultimately, the decision to remove Grand Theft Auto V from Target's shelves highlights an ongoing debate about the role of violence in video games. While some argue that games are simply a form of entertainment, others believe that they can have a significant impact on players' attitudes and behaviors. As this debate continues, it is likely that similar controversies will arise in the future.