article: Washington (CNN)The Republican Senate takeover is a hot conversation topic in Washington, but outside the nation's capital, Americans aren't feeling much of a change as the new Congress gavels into session on Tuesday. About 6-in-10 Americans believe the new Congress won't get more done compared to the previous Congress, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday.  And about half of Americans surveyed said they don't expect Congress to be more or less responsive this time around. On the flip side, 37% of Americans have faith the new Congress will get more done than the last and just 30% of Americans think Congress will be more responsive to the public in the new session. Republicans swept the midterm elections, gaining control of the Senate and keeping control of the House of Representatives. But that doesn't mean Americans are confident the GOP will do a better job running the Senate. RELATED: Read the entire CNN/ORC poll results . Just 28% of Americans think the Senate will be better off with Republicans wielding the gavel and controlling the flow of legislation to the Senate floor. And 24% think Republicans will do a worse job. And in a CNN/ORC poll published last month, half of Americans predicted Republican control of both houses of Congress will be bad news for the country -- with most saying it will cause more gridlock in Washington. Obama, in his final two years in office, will face off with a Republican majority in Congress for the first time of his presidency. But on the whole, Americans are now just feeling apathetic to the change in power: 46% said there won't be much difference in how the Senate runs. The public has some partisan woes of its own, with the 1,011 Americans polled split down the middle on whether Republicans or Democrats should make more concessions to pass bipartisan legislation. Those compromises are sparse on Capitol Hill, and respondents spread the blame on both parties, though slightly more pinned the lack of cooperation on Republicans. Americans' low expectations for Congress are nothing new: a whopping 83% of Americans said they disapproved of how Congress was handling its job in a September CNN/ORC poll. Those surveyed in the CNN/ORC poll released on Tuesday also sounded off on the role of government. Their message? Less government and less focus on values. The government is trying to doing too much that businesses and individual should handle, 58% of Americans surveyed said. And 55% said the government shouldn't be in the business of promoting traditional values -- or any values, at all.
highlights: 6-in-10 Americans don't think the new Congress will get more done than the last . And about half say they don't expect Congress to change how responsive it is to the public . Despite voting Republicans into power in November, just 28% think the Senate will be better off in Republican hands . Americans are split on which party should give more to compromise on bipartisan legislation .
id: 6f69fc9d190aee7d537deaa56c9e4443d0a308dc
chatgpt: A recent survey has revealed that many Americans do not have high expectations for the new Congress that was ushered in following the November elections. According to the poll, which was conducted by the Pew Research Center, an estimated 60% of Americans do not believe that the new Congress will be able to complete more work than its predecessor. Furthermore, around half of those surveyed stated that they do not expect the new Congress to be more responsive to the public than the previous one. Despite the fact that Republicans were able to gain control of the Senate in the most recent midterm elections, only 28% of those surveyed believe that the Senate will benefit from being in Republican hands. This lack of confidence in the new Congress' ability to get things done is reflected in the responses to questions about which party should compromise more on bipartisan legislation in order to make progress. The survey found that Americans are essentially split down the middle on the issue, with 45% believing that the Democrats should compromise more, and 43% believing that the Republicans should do so. This represents a significant challenge for both parties, as it suggests that neither side will be able to make significant progress on important issues without alienating a large portion of the electorate. One potential reason for this lack of faith in the new Congress is simply that Americans are tired of seeing the same old arguments and political posturing, without any real progress being made. Many Americans may be feeling disillusioned with the political process, and may have lost faith in the ability of their representatives to effectively represent their interests. Despite this, there are some signs that both parties are willing to work together in order to accomplish important goals. In recent weeks, there have been several instances of bipartisan cooperation, such as the passage of a criminal justice reform bill and a disaster relief package. However, it remains to be seen whether this level of cooperation can be sustained over the long term, and whether any significant progress can be made on issues such as healthcare, infrastructure, and immigration. These are all issues that were prominently featured in the midterm elections, and voters will be keeping a close eye on how the new Congress handles them. Overall, the Pew survey suggests that Americans are cautiously optimistic about the new Congress, but are not holding their breath for any major breakthroughs in the near future. Both parties will need to find a way to overcome their differences and work towards meaningful progress if they hope to restore the faith of the American people in the political process.