article: By . Mail On Sunday Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:55 EST, 6 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:55 EST, 6 July 2013 . New PM? Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mohamed El Baradei was allegedly named interim Prime Minister of Egypt last night . Mohamed El Baradei, a former UN nuclear agency chief, is due to be named as Egypt’s interim prime minister, it was claimed last night. The 71-year-old Nobel Peace laureate is said to have been summoned to the presidential palace yesterday afternoon to be sworn in by interim president Adli Mansour. The pro-reform leader has long been the favourite to head a new administration. He led the opposition to Hosni Mubarak, who was toppled by an uprising in 2011, and later to Islamist president Mohammed Morsi, who was forced out by the military last week. Last night, the appointment was criticised by the Freedom and Justice Party, the Muslim Brotherhood’s political wing. A spokesman said: ‘We reject this coup and all that results from it, including ElBaradei.’ The announcement came as the country braces itself for another day of violence today following a weekend of fighting which has left 35 dead and more than 1,100 injured. Opponents of Morsi are expected to clash with his supporters when the Muslim Brotherhood stages a demonstration in Cairo’s Tahrir Square at 4pm. It follows fierce fighting on Friday, when Islamists took to the streets to denounce Morsi’s overthrow. The deadliest clashes were in the Mediterranean city of Alexandria, where 14 people were killed and 200 were wounded. In central Cairo, pro- and anti-Morsi protesters fought pitched battles late into the night with stones, knives, petrol bombs and clubs. A Coptic Christian priest was also shot dead yesterday in the coastal city of El Arish  in what is believed to be the first sectarian attack since Morsi’s overthrow. Egyptians celebrate in front of the constitutional court after Egypt's chief justice Adli Mansour was sworn in as the nation's interim president . Supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsi run for cover during the clashes next the headquarters of the Republican Guard, in Cairo on Friday . Supporters: Hundreds of pro-Morsi protesters surround an armoured vehicle in Cairo . Deaths: At least 35 people have been killed in the violent clashes between supporters and opponents of Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood . The Muslim Brotherhood has criticised Coptic Pope Tawadros, the spiritual leader of Egypt’s eight million Christians, for giving his blessing to Morsi’s removal and for attending an army announcement suspending the constitution. Last night, Hayat Mokhles, a 50-year-old mother of three, said she was concerned about further violence. But she added: ‘We will defend our revolution with our lives. 'These fundamentalists came close to ruining the country and that’s why Morsi had to go.’
highlights: Mohamed El Baradei, 71, named as interim PM in Egypt on Saturday . Former UN nuclear agency chief is a Nobel Peace Price laureate . Allegedly sworn in by interim president Adli Mansour late last night .
id: 2ff870fdda7466408697eddc7355d4661629eb96
chatgpt: In a surprise move, Mohamed El Baradei has been appointed as Egypt's interim Prime Minister by interim President, Adli Mansour. The 71-year-old former UN nuclear agency chief is a Nobel Peace Prize laureate and is considered as one of the most respected figures in the country. El Baradei was reportedly sworn in by President Adli Mansour late last night amidst cheers and applause from the country's political leaders. The appointment of Mohamed El Baradei comes at a critical time for Egypt, which has been in political turmoil since the ousting of former President Mohammed Morsi. The appointment of El Baradei as the interim Prime Minister has been welcomed by many as a positive move towards restoring democracy in the country. Many Egyptians are hopeful that El Baradei's appointment will help to bring an end to the violence and unrest that has been plaguing the country in recent months. Mohamed El Baradei is known for his work as the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from 1997 to 2009. During his tenure, he was instrumental in exposing the nuclear weapons programme of a number of countries including Iraq, North Korea, and Iran. Since leaving the IAEA, El Baradei has been involved in Egyptian politics, serving as one of the figureheads of the 2011 revolution that ended the 30-year rule of former President Hosni Mubarak. His appointment as the interim Prime Minister of Egypt is seen as a recognition of his contributions to the country. The appointment of Mohamed El Baradei as the interim Prime Minister of Egypt has been welcomed by many political leaders, including the United Nations Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon. The UN Secretary-General praised the appointment, saying that he believed that El Baradei had the experience, skill, and vision needed to lead the country during this critical time. Many Egyptians hope that El Baradei's appointment will be the start of a new era of democracy and stability in the country. However, his appointment is not without controversy. Some in Egypt are concerned that El Baradei's liberal and secular views will alienate the country's conservative and religious population. In recent months, there have been a number of violent clashes between supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and the interim government. There are fears that El Baradei's appointment may further exacerbate these tensions. Despite the challenges that lay ahead, many Egyptians are hopeful that El Baradei's appointment as the interim Prime Minister of Egypt will bring about positive change in the country. His appointment is seen as a recognition of his experience, skill and leadership. Now, it is up to him to deliver on the hopes and aspirations of the Egyptian people.