article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:16 EST, 28 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:46 EST, 29 April 2013 . Tragic: Leila Fowler was stabbed to death in her home . California authorities are searching for an armed killer who's on the run after breaking into a home and repeatedly stabbed an eight-year-old girl to death. Leila Fowler's 12-year-old brother was at their home with her in Valley Springs around noon on Saturday when he encountered the intruder, who immediately fled. The terrified boy went to check on his sister and made the horrifying discovery. He called 911 and she was later pronounced dead at hospital. Residents in Calveras County have . been ordered to lock their doors as deputies search for the suspected . killer, who is described as a white or Hispanic male with long gray . hair. He is believed to be at least six feet tall and was last seen wearing a black long-sleeved shirt and blue pants. A neighbor said he spotted the suspect fleeing shortly after the 911 call. Police officers from neighboring areas have been called in to help as authorities hunt down the suspect. 'We were doing a house-to-house search . and in some cases we're searching extensively into attics and storage . sheds,' Calveras County officer Jim Macedo told CBS Sacramento. He added: 'It’s a . difficult area to search. It’s rural, it’s remote.' A quarter-mile perimeter was set up around the house as police conduct the house-to-house search. Macedo said the girl was suffering from severe injuries and her death has been ruled a homicide. He urged residents to keep their doors locked until they find the suspect. Horrifying: Leila Fowler's 12-year-old brother was at their home with her in Valley Springs around noon on Saturday when he encountered the intruder, who immediately fled . Leila would have turned nine-years-old in June. Schools in the Calaveras Unified School District will be open Monday. Mark . Campbell, the district’s superintendent, said in a statement Sunday . that there will be an added law enforcement presence at Jenny Lind . Elementary and bus stops nearby. Valley Springs is a community of about 2,500 people in an unincorporated area of Calaveras County, known as "Gold Country," in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains, about 60 miles southeast of Sacramento. Manhunt: California police officers are searching for the man suspected of murdering a 9-year-old girl . Witness: The girl's 12-year-old brother was at their home with her in Valley Springs around noon on Saturday when he encountered the intruder, who immediately fled . Lockdown: Residents in Calveras County have been ordered to lock their doors as deputies search for the suspected killer .
highlights: Leila Fowler was stabbed to death in her Valley Spring's home on Saturday . Her 12-year-old brother was also in the house when the intruder broke in . Suspect: Believed to be at least six feet tall and white long gray hair .
id: 29190dab0e92adda643b888b221e953cd0037525
chatgpt: On Saturday, tragedy struck a small town in California when 8-year-old Leila Fowler was brutally stabbed to death in her Valley Springs home. Her 12-year-old brother was in the house when the intruder broke in but was unharmed. Authorities have released a description of the suspect in the hopes of finding the perpetrator. The suspect is believed to be at least six feet tall with long gray hair and white skin. The small town is in shock as the community mourns the loss of the young girl. "It's just so sad," said neighbor Bethany Johnson. "I can't believe something like this could happen here." The investigation is underway, and authorities are asking anyone with information to come forward. Several leads have been pursued, but as of yet, there have been no arrests. The murder has left many questions unanswered, and the community is desperate for answers. "We just want to know who did this," said Leila's aunt, Crystal Walters. "How could anyone be capable of something so heinous?" Neighbors have reported an increase in break-ins in the area in recent months, causing concern for local residents. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen so close to home," said Valley Springs resident Tom Davis. The tragedy has also sparked a conversation about the safety of small communities and how to prevent similar crimes from happening in the future. "We need to come together as a community and find ways to keep our families safe," said Valley Springs mayor John Anderson. In the wake of the tragedy, the community has rallied together to support the Fowler family. A vigil was held on Sunday evening to honor Leila's memory and provide comfort to those grieving. As the investigation continues, the suspect remains at large, causing fear and anxiety among the community. Authorities are urging anyone who may have information to come forward and help bring justice for young Leila. The loss of such a young and innocent life has sent shockwaves through the small town of Valley Springs, and the community is left searching for answers and a sense of safety.