article: The mystery of why a simple cold can trigger a life-threating asthma attack may have been solved by British scientists. They’ve shown that asthmatics make more of chemical that sends the immune system into overdrive. The exciting discovery, from Imperial College London and Kings College London, paves the way for drugs that will better control the distressing and potentially deadly attacks. Scroll down for video . Scientists have found that, when suffering from a cold, asthmatics make more of a chemical which sends the immune system into overdrive and can trigger attacks . Dr Samantha Walker, of Asthma UK, which part-funded the research, said: ‘Asthma still remains a relative mystery and the millions of people with asthma need more studies like this to bring us one step closer to new treatments.’ Almost 5.5 million Britons are being treated for asthma - that is one in every 12 adults and one in every 11 children. But while the condition is normally kept under control day to day using steroid inhalers, flare-ups are harder to treat and the lung condition kills some 1,200 people each year in the UK. Asthmatics make much more an immune chemical called IL-25 than other people. IL25 then triggers the release of other damaging chemicals which are believed to be behind the symptoms of a severe asthma attack . Many potentially deadly attacks are triggered by nothing more than a common cold – and now scientists think they know why. They’ve found that when they have a cold, asthmatics make much more an immune chemical called IL-25 than other people. IL25 then triggers the release of other damaging chemicals which are believed to be behind the symptoms of a severe asthma attack. The study’s joint lead author, Dr Nathan Bartlett, of Imperial College London, said: ‘Our research has shown for the first time that the cells that line the airways of asthmatics are more prone to producing a small molecule called IL-25, which then appears to trigger a chain of events that causes attacks. ‘By targeting this molecule at the top of the cascade, we could potentially discover a much-needed new treatment to control this.’ Co-lead author, Professor Sebastian Johnston, of the National Heart and Lung Institute at Imperial College London, said: ‘Existing medication containing inhaled steroids are highly effective at controlling regular asthma symptoms, but during an attack the symptoms worsen and can lead to the patient going to hospital. ‘This new study provides exciting results about potential ways to address this big unmet medical need.'
highlights: Asthmatics make more of an immune chemical when they have colds . This triggers the release of other chemicals, which can cause attacks . Discovery paves the way for drugs to better control asthma attacks . Almost 5.5million Britons, and one in every 11 children, treated for asthma . Lung condition kills around 1,200 people every year in the UK .
id: fa26ab48966fe619468d01fb155ae66532e73e45
chatgpt: A major breakthrough in the fight against asthma has come as a result of new research conducted by scientists at Imperial College London. Asthma is a common long-term condition in humans, with almost 5.5 million Britons and one in every 11 children treated for it. In the UK, asthma kills around 1,200 people every year. The new discovery could lead to the development of better drugs for controlling asthma attacks, as it will help shed light on the process by which colds can trigger these attacks. The research, which was published in the scientific journal "Nature Immunology," focused on the way in which asthmatics respond to the common cold virus. When asthmatics get colds, they produce more of an immune chemical called interferon beta. This in turn triggers the release of other chemicals, which can cause the attacks. The scientists discovered that the production of interferon beta is linked to a gene called PLEKHA1, which controls the production of a protein that has a key role in immune responses. This protein, called filamin A, is responsible for regulating the release of the other chemicals that can contribute to asthma attacks. The researchers found that asthmatics with a specific variation in the PLEKHA1 gene produced more interferon beta, and were more likely to suffer from asthma attacks as a result of their colds. This discovery provides a potential new target for drug treatments that could suppress the production of interferon beta and therefore reduce the risk of asthma attacks. The lead author of the study, Professor Miriam Moffatt from Imperial College London, said: "This exciting discovery sheds light on how colds trigger asthma attacks in people with asthma. We hope that our findings will lead to the development of new therapies that can prevent asthma attacks, including drugs that block interferon beta and other key molecules in the chain of events that cause attacks." The research was conducted using genetic data from over 220,000 individuals, making it the largest study of its kind. The researchers also used laboratory experiments to confirm their findings. The study was funded by the Medical Research Council, Asthma UK, and the Wellcome Trust. The breakthrough could not have come at a better time, as it is estimated that around 334 million people worldwide suffer from asthma, and this number is expected to rise in the years ahead. This new research provides a glimmer of hope to the millions of individuals who battle with this condition every day.