article: Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) -- Thousands of anti-riot police were in the streets of Bangladesh's capital city Thursday as the opposition alliance launched a day-long general strike in protest of a fuel price hike. The strike, occurring all over the country, paralyzed daily life as road communications were heavily disrupted and schools and business establishments remained closed on Thursday, the last working day of the week. The usually busy streets of the capital, Dhaka, looked almost deserted as most means of public and private transportation remained off the roads. The opposition group Bangladesh Nationalist Party and its allies, mostly Islamic parties, called the strike after the government raised the price of petroleum fuels and compressed national gas on Sunday. Dhaka's police chief, Benazir Ahmed, said his department deployed 13,000 policemen alone in the capital to break up any opposition protests, and the home ministry also initiated mobile courts to try protesters summarily on the streets. Police said that the strike was mostly peaceful apart from a few incidents of violence, but the opposition parties said the police and the ruling party men beat up their activists wherever they had tried to bring out a procession. Police said they had arrested some 200 people from different parts of the country, but the opposition claimed that the number was at least 400. The BNP acting secretary general, Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir, said, "The government has increased fuel prices at a time when people's suffering has already peaked due to high inflation." But the government said it was an "issueless" strike. The general secretary of the ruling Awami League, Syed Ashraful Islam, said it was illogical as the prices of fuel oils were still lower in Bangladesh (a liter of gasoline costs US$ 1.06) than in the international market. "If the prices of fuel oils increase in the global market in the future, the government will increase the prices again because the government will need to pay huge subsidies otherwise," he added. The fuel price hike, the second such rise in four months, triggered protests also by transport owners.
highlights: Dhaka police put 13,000 officers in the streets in that one city, police chief says . The usually busy streets of Dhaka looked almost deserted of people, vehicles . The opposition alliance launched the day-long general strike to protest an increase in fuel prices . The opposition claims at least 400 protesters were arrested .
id: 3cb26278d8ff261de7f1cf001d07d5b91b42327a
chatgpt: Dhaka, Bangladesh - The city of Dhaka was virtually shut down on Wednesday, as the opposition alliance called for a day-long general strike to protest the recent hike in fuel prices. In response, the Dhaka police put 13,000 officers in the streets to maintain law and order. The usually bustling streets of Dhaka looked almost deserted, with few vehicles and people in sight. The police chief of Dhaka said that they were taking all necessary steps to ensure that the strike did not turn violent. However, the opposition alliance claims that the police have arrested at least 400 protesters. The opposition leader alleged that the police were using excessive force to disperse the peaceful protests. The leader of the opposition alliance has condemned the recent hike in fuel prices, calling it a "betrayal" by the government. He accused the government of failing to manage the economy and instead burdening the citizens with more taxes. "The government should have found alternative ways to raise revenue instead of burdening the people with higher fuel prices," the opposition leader said in a statement. The recent hike in fuel prices has caused widespread dissatisfaction among the citizens of Bangladesh. The government had raised the prices of gasoline by 5 taka per liter, diesel by 1 taka per liter, and kerosene by 3 taka per liter. This has made transportation more expensive, with many unable to afford the increased prices. The protests have disrupted normal life in Dhaka, with many shops and businesses remaining closed. The police have advised citizens to stay home and avoid any unnecessary travel. The government has yet to respond to the opposition's demands, and it remains to be seen how this situation will be resolved. The opposition alliance has vowed to continue their protests until the government rolls back the increase in fuel prices.