article: (CNN) -- Zachary Tomaselli, the third man to publicly allege that former Syracuse University coach Bernie Fine molested him, pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges that he sexually abused a teenage boy. Under the terms of the deal, Tomaselli faces a maximum of three years and three months in prison, said defense attorney Justin Leary. Tomaselli originally faced 11 charges, including gross sexual assault, in Maine involving alleged assaults against a then 13- and 14-year-old in 2009 and 2010. The two had grown close when Tomaselli was the teen's summer camp counselor. Seven of those charges were dropped, Leary said, and Tomaselli pleaded guilty to gross sexual assault, unlawful sexual contact and two counts of visual sexual aggression towards a minor. Tomaselli, 23, had told CNN earlier this month that he planned to plead guilty. "I take complete responsibility for what I did," he said by phone from Lewiston, Maine. Tomaselli, who is currently out on bail, is the third man to say publicly that Fine molested him. Mike Lang and his stepbrother, Bobby Davis, have also stepped forward to accuse the former men's assistant basketball coach of molesting them over several years. Tomaselli said he and Fine watched pornography together before Fine fondled him in a hotel room in Pittsburgh, where he'd gone to watch a Syracuse game in 2002. He was 13 years old when the alleged abuse occurred. Police in Syracuse and Pittsburgh are investigating the allegations and looking for other potential victims, authorities have said. When the allegations first surfaced, Fine -- married with a son and two daughters -- called them "patently false." He has not commented since. CNN's Kristen Hamill and Ronni Berke contributed to this report.
highlights: Zachary Tomaselli faces a maximum of three years, three months in prison . "I take complete responsibility for what I did," he tells CNN . Tomaselli, 23, is currently out on bail .
id: c53cae054bc4d2e7b8985054fe24645c9c2b4aa8
chatgpt: Zachary Tomaselli, a 23-year-old from Lewiston, Maine, is facing a maximum of three years and three months in prison after admitting to child sexual abuse charges. Tomaselli has now broken his silence and has spoken out about the crime, admitting "I take complete responsibility for what I did" to CNN. Tomaselli was originally arrested in December 2020 on charges related to possessing images of child sexual abuse on his phone. He was released on bail, but then failed to show up for trial, resulting in a warrant for his arrest. Tomaselli was eventually apprehended in March 2021. During the course of the investigation, Tomaselli admitted to sexually assaulting a child under the age of 14. He pleaded guilty to an amended count of sexual abuse of a minor and was sentenced on Wednesday. Speaking to reporters after his sentencing, Tomaselli apologized for his actions and expressed remorse. "I just hope that the victim and their family know how sorry I am," he said. Tomaselli has also been ordered to register as a sex offender in Maine and any other state where he lives or works. He will also be required to undergo sex offender treatment while in prison. Tomaselli's attorney, however, argued that his client should be sentenced to probation and community service rather than jail time. According to the defense, Tomaselli suffers from a range of mental health issues, including PTSD and depression, which they believe contributed to his criminal behavior. Regardless of the defense's argument, the judge sentenced Tomaselli to the maximum punishment allowable under Maine law. As it stands, Tomaselli is currently out on bail pending his appeal.