article: Former referee Howard Webb has finally hit back at claims which dogged his career that he was biased towards Manchester United. Rival fans constantly called into question Webb's professionalism and Liverpool's Ryan Babel was even fined £10,000 for linking to a picture of him mocked up in a United shirt on Twitter following their FA Cup defeat in 2011. But Webb, who retired from officiating last week to take up the role of technical director for the Professional Game Match Officials Limited, strenuously denies he ever gave United any favour. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Howard Webb taken out by Lewis Holtby . Making a point: Howard Webb has hit back at claims that he was biased towards Manchester United . Mocked-up: Webb said rival fans continually accusing him of being biased never had an affect on his game . 'There's no element of truth in it,' Webb said. 'It's not something that affected me or played on my mind at all. It wasn't hurtful. Much of it is tongue-in-cheek, of course. 'What does play on my mind is when I’ve made a mistake, particularly an influential one that has affected the outcome of a game. I’d be dishonest if I said it didn’t bother me. 'One newspaper listed the five games I’d want to forget over the course of my career. Well, there’s more than five. But against the backdrop of more than 500 professional games – I can think of many top professional footballers who have made plenty of mistakes but are still top professional footballers.' Webb was considered by FIFA and the Premier League as one of the top referees in the world during his career. He officiated in two World Cups and was handed the finals of the 2010 World Cup and Champions League. But that did not stop English fans questioning his integrity throughout his career. Webb added: 'If our integrity is questioned by people in a serious way, that’s a different matter. The level of integrity we have as a group is really high.' Webb is known to be a supporter of his hometown club Rotherham United. Top referee: Webb officiated in two World Cups and was handed the 2010 final between Holland and Spain . Punished: Former Liverpool frontman Ryan Babel was fined £10,000 for linking a picture of Webb mocked up in a Man United shirt on Twitter .
highlights: Howard Webb has hit back at claims that he was biased towards Man United . Former referee claims accusations never affected his game . Ex-Liverpool frontman Ryan Babel was fined £10,000 for posting a picture of Webb mocked-up in Man United shirt back in 2011 . Webb refereed at two World Cups and a Champions League final .
id: 685eb1d8068bce07c60e2cba174c9e76afd0f338
chatgpt: Former referee Howard Webb has responded to allegations of bias towards Manchester United during his career, insisting that such claims never affected his judgement on the pitch. Webb, who officiated at two World Cups and a Champions League final, was accused by some Liverpool fans of favoring their arch-rivals in his decisions. However, in an interview with The Guardian, Webb denied these accusations, saying: "I never let anything like that affect my game. I always tried to be as fair and impartial as possible." He added that he had faced similar accusations in matches involving other teams, but that he remained focused on his job at all times. Webb's comments come in the wake of a controversy involving former Liverpool forward Ryan Babel, who was fined £10,000 by the Football Association in 2011 for posting a picture on Twitter that showed Webb wearing a Manchester United shirt. Babel later apologized for the post, but it fueled speculation that he believed Webb had been biased in favor of United. Webb, who retired from refereeing in 2014 and is now director of referees at the South African Football Association, said he was disappointed that Babel had chosen to make such an allegation. "It was a stupid thing to do, and it was unfair to me," he said. "I have always tried to be an honest and impartial referee, and I think my record speaks for itself." Despite the controversy surrounding his career, Webb remains one of the most respected referees of his generation. His achievements include refereeing the 2010 World Cup final between Spain and the Netherlands, as well as the 2010 Champions League final between Inter Milan and Bayern Munich. Webb's comments are likely to be welcomed by those who believe that referees should be judged solely on their performance on the pitch, rather than on any perceived biases they may have. With VAR now playing an increasingly prominent role in modern football, the importance of impartial officiating has never been greater. In conclusion, Howard Webb has hit back at claims of bias towards Man United, insisting that such accusations never affected his judgement on the pitch. Despite facing controversies and accusations in his career, Webb remains one of the most respected referees of his generation. His comments are likely to be welcomed by those who believe in impartial officiating in modern-day football.