article: (CNN) -- South Korea accused North Korea Wednesday of carrying out a wave of cyberattacks that paralyzed the networks of major South Korean banks and broadcasters last month. An official investigation found that many of the malignant codes employed in the attacks were similar to ones used by the North previously, said Lee Seung-won, an official at the South Korean science ministry. Although some observers said at the time of the computer crashes that they suspected North Korean involvement, this is the first time that Seoul has formally pointed the finger at Pyongyang. The allegations coincide with a tense situation on the Korean Peninsula, with the North making repeated threats of war. South Korean and U.S. officials have warned that a North Korean missile test could take place at any moment. North Korea's war of words escalates: A timeline of the crisis . South Korea believes North Korea had spent at least eight months preparing for the cyberattacks, which also affected hundreds of individual citizens' computers and websites that cover North Korea, Lee said at a news briefing Wednesday. There didn't appear to be any immediate reaction on North Korean state-run media to the South Korean accusations. The main hacking attack took place on March 20, hitting more than 48,000 computers at the South Korean banks and broadcasters, authorities said. It infected the companies' computer networks with a malicious program, or malware, that slowed or shut down systems. The South's investigation found evidence including IP addresses and other elements used in the cyberattacks that it said proved North Korean responsibility. The hackers routed the attacks through more 10 different countries, Lee said. South Korea has accused the North of similar hacking attacks before, including incidents in 2010 and 2012 that also targeted banks and media organizations. Pyongyang has rejected the allegations. DMZ: Tensions high at knife-edge of Korean conflict . Journalist Lee Hyun-pyo in Seoul contributed to this report.
highlights: It's the first time the South has officially accused the North of conducting the attacks . Seoul says the codes used were similar to ones used before by Pyongyang . The attacks last month infected thousands of computers at major companies .
id: f5a803f07810b2b670cd666d84b132e58daf43c1
chatgpt: South Korea Accuses North Korea of Cyberattacks on Major Companies Seoul, South Korea - The South Korean government has officially accused North Korea of conducting a series of cyberattacks on major companies last month. This is the first time the South has publicly pointed the finger at its northern neighbor for the recent hacking incidents. According to authorities, the cyberattacks infected thousands of computers at various companies, causing serious disruption to their operations. The codes used in the attacks were said to be similar to ones used by North Korea in the past. Seoul has not provided any evidence to back up its claims, but has stated that it will work with the international community to hold those behind the attacks accountable. The affected companies include those in the banking, pharmaceutical, and technology sectors, with some of them being among the biggest names in their respective industries. For instance, a large banking corporation saw its online banking services go offline for several hours due to the cyberattack. Meanwhile, a major pharmaceutical company's research and development division was also compromised. There are concerns that these incidents may have a negative impact on South Korea's economy, which is heavily dependent on exports. The country is known for being a tech giant, with companies like Samsung and LG being among the largest producers of electronic goods in the world. North Korea is no stranger to cyberattacks. In fact, it has been accused of conducting several high-profile cyber operations in the past, including the 2014 Sony Pictures hack and the WannaCry ransomware attack in 2017. While Seoul has not yet revealed the extent of the damage caused by the recent cyberattacks, it is clear that they have caused significant disruption to major companies. The South Korean government has stated that it will take appropriate measures to prevent future attacks and protect its citizens from cyber threats.