article: (CNN) -- Angolan authorities have arrested two people in an attack on the Togo national soccer team that left three dead, state media reported. The men were captured at the same location in the state of Cabinda where the bus carrying the soccer team came under fire on Friday, the Angolan Press Agency said Sunday. It did not say when they were arrested. The suspects were said to be members of the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda, an armed wing of a separatist group that has claimed responsibility for the attack and has threatened to strike again. Cabinda is a disputed oil-rich enclave in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and is the site of eight matches in the African Cup of Nations tournament, to which the soccer team was headed. The tournament is one of the biggest sporting events in the world this year, and Angola's first since a 2002 peace deal ended decades of civil war in the southern African country. The president of the Confederation of African Football sent "his most heartfelt condolences" to Togo Monday. Issa Hayatou expressed his sympathy "on behalf of the entire African football family" in a letter to Togo's President Faure Gnassingbe, the confederation announced. Togo tragedy should not increase World Cup worries . Hayatou went to Cabinda personally following the attack, the sports body said. The confederation will observe a moment of silence in memory of the slain Togolese before each match in the first round of the tournament, it announced Monday. Togo striker Thomas Dossevi said rebels opened fire on the team bus with AK-47 assault rifles. The gunfire killed the team's assistant coach, its communication officer and the bus driver. At least seven others were wounded, including goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale. Erin Smylie, a spokeswoman for the South African hospital that has been treating Obilale, told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph the 25-year-old remained "stable but ventilated and sedated to assist with recovery." After the ambush, Togo's government said the squad had to return home, though the team had indicated it would like to play. "It's disappointing that Togo left, but it was a difficult decision," said Kwesi Nyantakyi, president of the Ghana Football Association. Do you think athletes are an easy target for attack? Togo was to play Ghana on Monday. "I saw them. They were really down. We tried to console them and encourage them. Their departure was a definite blow to the competition," Nyantakyi said Monday. Angolan officials -- trying to assuage security fears that could dampen the nation's sporting aspirations -- vowed to heighten security, particularly in Cabinda. "'The security has definitely improved since we arrived here on Thursday," Nyantakyi said. "There are helicopters flying in the air, patrol teams in the host venue. ... We have security all the time, even at the hotel." CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Angola news agency: Two men arrested over attack on Togo team . Suspects said to be members of separatist rebel group . Rebels want independence for oil-rich Congolese enclave of Cabinda .
id: fd826dc497dd18cf91dbe6556dd39692e67fe79f
chatgpt: In a recent development, two individuals have been arrested by the authorities in Angola over their alleged involvement in an attack on the Togo football team. As per the latest reports from Angola news agency, the suspects are believed to be part of a separatist rebel group that has been striving for independence for the oil-rich Congolese enclave of Cabinda.  The Togo football team was attacked in 2010 while they were en route to the Africa Cup of Nations football tournament. The attack had left three people dead and several others injured. It was carried out by a group of gunmen who had fired upon the team bus as it was crossing the border from the Democratic Republic of Congo into Angola. The separatist rebel group had later claimed responsibility for the attack. This had led to widespread condemnation from across the world. The recent arrests of the two suspects are a major breakthrough in the case that has been pending for over a decade. The Angolan authorities have not yet released the names of the arrested individuals. However, they have confirmed that the suspects are members of the Front for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda (FLEC), a separatist group that has been fighting for the independence of the region since the late 20th century. As per the spokesperson for the Angolan Police, the arrests were made based on intelligence inputs and were carried out in coordination with other security agencies. The spokesperson further added that the authorities are hopeful of making more arrests in the case. The attack on the Togo football team had caused shockwaves across the sporting world. After the incident, Togo had withdrawn from the tournament citing security concerns. The attack had put the spotlight on the long-standing separatist struggle of the Cabinda region, which has been a bone of contention between Angola and the separatist groups for over five decades. Cabinda is a small but resource-rich region that accounts for a significant portion of Angola's oil output. However, the region remains one of the poorest in the country. The separatist groups have blamed the Angolan government for exploiting the region's resources while neglecting the local population. The Angolan government, on the other hand, has accused the separatists of resorting to violence and destabilizing the region. The recent arrests of the two FLEC members offer a glimmer of hope for resolving the long-standing conflict in Cabinda. The international community has called for an end to the violence and urged all parties to engage in a constructive dialogue to find a peaceful solution to the conflict. As of now, the arrested suspects are being held in custody as investigations continue. However, this development has offered a ray of hope for Togo and for the people of the embattled Cabinda province.