article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:36 EST, 31 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:38 EST, 31 July 2013 . An insert poster for the seminal 1931 cinema adaptation of Frankenstein has sold for a staggering $262,900 (£173,700) at auction after it was stashed in a cupboard for more than 30 years. Dallas, Texas-based Heritage Auctions, which sold the vintage poster to an anonymous bidder, says it's the largest bid ever recorded for an insert poster. The previous record was a $191,200 bid last year for a 'Casablanca' poster. Record breaker: This poster of the 1931 film adaptation of Boris Karloff's Frankenstein has sold for a staggering $262,900 at auction after it was stashed in a horror fan's cupboard for more than 30 years . The seller, Keith Johnson of Ottawa, Illinois, says he purchased the vintage poster as a teenager for a few dollars at an Ottawa antiques shop in 1968 or 1969. Measuring 14in wide by 36in long, it is believed to be the only confirmed insert poster for the classic Universal Pictures film still in existence. The film, directed by James Whale, featured Boris Karloff as the monster, alongside Colin Clive, Mae Clarke, John Boles, Edward Van Sloan and Dwight Frye. Unlike typical film promotional posters, insert posters are printed on card and are designed to be slipped inside movie theatre display cases. Mr Johnson and his wife Julie are both horror film fans. She said the couple over the decades would occasionally pour themselves a glass of wine and take a look at the poster.
highlights: It is believed to be the only one still in existence . Seminal 1931 film adaptation starred Boris Karloff as the monster .
id: dcdbe888b1cdebe1f6afbec2f57172996ab4d069
chatgpt: A rare and remarkable piece of cinematic history has been rediscovered in the archives of a renowned film museum. The museum announced today that it has unearthed the only known surviving copy of a seminal 1931 film adaptation of the horror classic "Frankenstein." The film, which starred the legendary actor Boris Karloff as the titular monster, has long been considered a masterpiece of early cinematic horror. However, for decades, it was believed to be lost forever - until now. According to the museum's head archivist, the discovery was made after a thorough search of the facility's vast archives. "We couldn't believe our luck," they said in a statement. "Not only did we find a pristine copy of the film, but it was in perfect condition - as if it had just been made yesterday." The film adaptation of "Frankenstein" is considered a landmark in horror cinema, and Karloff's portrayal of the monster has become instantly recognizable the world over. Its influence can still be seen in countless horror films and TV shows to this day. Fans of the original film are ecstatic at the news of its rediscovery. "This is amazing," said one longtime fan. "I never thought we'd get to see it again. It's a true piece of cinematic history, and I can't wait to watch it on the big screen." The museum says it plans to screen the newly discovered film for audiences in the coming weeks. For horror fans and film buffs alike, it's an event not to be missed.