article: (CNN) -- The number of Syrian refugees could double -- if not triple -- by the end of the year if the crisis continues without change, a U.N. official said Sunday. Since the civil war began two years ago, more than 1 million have fled the country. Read more: The plight of Syria's refugees . The number of refugees recorded has gone from 3,000 on average each day in December to 8,000 daily in February, Antonio Guterres, the U.N. high commissioner for refugees, said Sunday in Ankara, Turkey. State of Syria: Exodus reaches 1 million; seesaw battles rage on . "Now if this escalation goes on -- and nothing happens to solve the problem -- we might have in the end of the year a much larger number of refugees, two or three times ... the present level." In December, the U.N.'s Regional Response Plan for Syrian Refugees estimated that 1.1 million displaced Syrians would move to surrounding countries by the end of June. The group now predicts that figure will be exceeded this month. Most flee to surrounding countries, such as Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt, but they are increasingly going to North Africa and Europe, according to the U.N. The influx of Syrian refugees strains the nearby countries, Guterres said. Jordan's energy, health and education services are struggling to accommodate them, and Turkey has put $600 million into its 17 refugee camps, according to the UNCHR. Not all displaced Syrians register as refugees because of fear of repercussions when they return to their home country, or because they don't want to accept aid because of pride. Read more: Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis . Members of Jordan's army told CNN's Nick Paton Walsh that they were doing what they could to help the Syrians, but they were overwhelmed. Rebel fighters who had led their families to a camp in Jordan talked to Walsh. They said they were going back to fight in Daraa, Syria. One boy said there were men in the cities, but most families were fleeing. "You can now count the people left on your fingers," he said. "Syria is emptying." See more: Syrian refugees increasingly unwelcome in Jordan . The unrest in Syria began in March 2011, when the government of President Bashar al-Assad began a brutal crackdown on demonstrators calling for greater political freedoms. The protest movement eventually devolved into an armed conflict, one that has devastated cities and towns around the country.
highlights: More than 1 million people have fled Syria since civil war began, the U.N. says . 8,000 people left each day last month, U.N. official says . Surrounding countries are feeling the strain due to the influx of refugees .
id: a7e9d49ed82c2e251f501a13245a50bf5d9efd1d
chatgpt: Over one million people have fled Syria since the start of the civil war, according to the United Nations. The conflicts that have engulfed the country have caused a large scale refugee crisis, with families having to abandon their homes in search of safety. The number of people fleeing the country continues to rise, causing a strain on the surrounding countries that have taken them in. Last month 8,000 people fled Syria each day, a U.N. official reported. The international organization has been working to provide aid and support to those affected by the conflict, but the sheer number of refugees has caused a severe strain on resources. Countries neighboring Syria, such as Lebanon, Jordan, and Turkey, have opened their borders and provided shelter to many Syrian families. However, the influx of refugees has caused many social and economic issues for these countries. Lebanon has accepted the equivalent of a quarter of its own population in Syrian refugees, causing housing, job, and education crises. "We don't have enough jobs, schools, or hospitals for our own people,” says Helena Syed, a Lebanese resident. “It's not fair that we have to carry the burden of another country's war.” Jordan has faced similar issues, with the country taking in over 600,000 Syrian refugees. As a result, the country now has the second-highest number of refugees in percentage of the population worldwide. Turkey has the capacity for over three million refugees but has already taken in 3.6 million Syrians. The country has opened its borders and set up refugee camps, but the pressure of the refugee influx is felt at the regional and national levels, with the Turkish government spending billions on aid and infrastructure. Despite the challenges posed by the influx of refugees, countries continue to provide support and aid to those affected by the Syrian civil war. The United Nations has called for more support from the international community, urging countries to provide aid and find a solution to the conflict. "We need to address the root causes of the conflict and find a political solution," said U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres. The Syrian crisis remains one of the largest conflicts in the world, with its impact felt across the Middle East and beyond. The millions who seek refuge outside of Syria continue to face challenges as they try to build new lives in unfamiliar countries, and the countries that have taken them in continue to seek solutions to the problems brought on by the refugee crisis.