article: A young koala is in recovery after suffering second-degree partial thickness burns on all four of his paws from the devastating bushfires in South Australia. Heartbreaking images of Jeremy the koala have gone viral since he was treated at Australian Marine, Wildlife Research and Rescue Organisation (AMWRRO) yesterday. It was a timely reminder that the bushfires have also destroyed the homes of our native wildlife. While carers say it's too early to predict whether Jeremy will make a full recovery, he is currently 'doing very well and is in great spirits'. Scroll down for video . A young koala is in recovery after suffering second-degree partial thickness burns on all his four paws from the raging bushfires in South Australia . Heartbreaking images of Jeremy the koala have gone viral since he was treated at Australian Marine, Wildlife Research and Rescue Organisation (AMWRRO) yesterday . Aaron Machado from AMWRRO told Daily Mail Australia Jeremy, aged about two-years-old, is still in a critical condition. 'He's in a lot of pain and severely dehydrated but he's stabilised and doing okay for now,' he said. 'So he's being closely monitored by carers at this stage. 'We're unsure whether we can expect a full recovery from him. But he certainly has the potential.' Aaron Machado from AMWRRO told Daily Mail Australia young Jeremy, aged about two-years-old, is still in a critical condition . While carers say it's too early to predict whether Jeremy will make a full recovery, he is currently 'doing very well and is in great spirits . This comes as Wednesday saw the biggest firefighting effort since the fire began on Friday afternoon, with a total of 31 aircraft and 110 trucks on the ground. There were 600 firefighters worked to battle 40 degree temperatures and 30 kilometre per hour winds on Wednesday, in an effort to take control of the raging bushfires. Country Fire Service chief officer Greg Nettleton confirmed that 95 per cent of the fire has been contained by Wednesday afternoon, with only two ‘hotspot’ areas of concern remaining. Over 12,500 hectares of land has been destroyed or damaged in the blaze so far, including 32 homes, 125 other buildings and four businesses. As of Wednesday morning, over $13 million worth of insurance claims had been lodged by vicitms.
highlights: Jeremy was suffering second degree, partial thickness burns to all his paws . He was treated at Australian Marine, Wildlife Research and Rescue Organisation yesterday . The koala is now being closely monitored by a carer and is doing okay . The sixth day of the inferno was see the biggest firefighting effort since the fire began on Friday afternoon, with 31 aircraft and 110 trucks . A total of 32 houses, 125 other buildings and four businesses have been damaged or destroyed so far and 134 people have been injured .
id: d9d5c58858aa544bad30ee5eb642fc32007240cd
chatgpt: A koala named Jeremy was rescued from the ongoing inferno that has been blazing across Australia since Friday afternoon. The koala was found suffering from second-degree, partial thickness burns to his paws and was immediately taken to the Australian Marine, Wildlife Research and Rescue Organisation for treatment. Sources at the organisation said that Jeremy is currently being closely monitored by a carer and is doing okay. The koala is expected to make a full recovery, and it is hoped that he will be able to be released back into the wild once he has fully healed. Meanwhile, the firefighting efforts to contain the inferno continue. The sixth day of the blaze saw the biggest firefighting effort since Friday, with 31 aircraft and 110 trucks deployed to tackle the flames. Firefighters have been battling against strong winds and high temperatures as they work to contain the blaze. So far, the ongoing inferno has caused significant damage to the region. A total of 32 houses, 125 other buildings, and four businesses have been damaged or destroyed. In addition, 134 people have been injured. The effort to contain the inferno has been a challenging one, with firefighters working around the clock to control the flames. Local residents have been evacuated from the affected areas and are being cared for by emergency services personnel. Many have lost their homes and belongings in the blaze. The Australian government has pledged to provide all necessary resources for the firefighting effort and has expressed its deepest condolences to those affected by the inferno. The Prime Minister has also reached out to the international community for support, with several countries offering their assistance. While the situation remains challenging, there have been some signs of progress. The firefighting effort has managed to contain the blaze in some areas, and there are hopes that the weather conditions will improve in the coming days. However, the inferno remains a significant threat, and the authorities are urging residents to remain vigilant and obey all instructions from emergency services personnel. In conclusion, the ongoing inferno in Australia has caused significant damage and loss, with many residents affected. However, the firefighting effort continues, and there are hopes that the situation will improve in the coming days. The rescued koala, Jeremy, is one of many victims of the inferno, but his recovery offers some hope that the region will eventually recover from this devastating tragedy.