article: (CNN) -- Seven-time champions AC Milan took a decisive step towards qualifying for the group stages of this year's European Champions League with a 1-1 draw at PSV Eindhoven Tuesday. The Serie A giants will go into the second leg at the San Siro with the crucial away goal after Stephan El Shaarawy put them ahead in the 15th minute as he headed home a cross by Ignazio Abate. Mario Balotelli should have doubled the lead soon afterwards but a youthful PSV team enjoyed much of the play and deserved to equalize on the hour mark. Christian Abbiati failed to hold a Stijn Schaars shot and Tim Matavz was on hand to score. Andrea Poli might have given Milan a late winner, but they will be favorites to progress from the return in the San Siro next week. Seven-time French champions Lyon will be struggling to qualifying after going down to a 2-0 home defeat in their Stade Gerland to Spanish side Real Sociedad. Both have made excellent starts to their league campaigns, but it was the visitors who dominated the first leg of their showdown and went ahead to a superb opener from Antoine Griezmann on the volley. The Basque side's second goal was even better as Haris Seferovic struck a blistering volley of his own home from long range. Lyon attempted to rally but Milan Bisevac was sent off for a second yellow card to end a miserable night for the home side. Meanwhile, Scottish champions Celtic, who reached the last 16 last year, are facing an early exit after going down to a shock 2-0 defeat in Kazakhstan to Shakhter Karagandy. Shakhter captain Andrei Fionchenko gave his unfancied side a 12th minute lead before Celtic nearly equalized with a number of close efforts. The best saw Kris Commons hit the woodwork, while James Forrest's was kept out by home goalkeeper Alexsandr Mokin with a desperate last ditch save. Celtic's hopes dipped when Sergei Khizhnichenko headed past visiting keeper Fraser Forster as his side bid to become the first Kazakh side to go into the group stages draw. In other matches Tuesday, Viktoria Plzen beat Maribor 3-1 and Zenit St. Petersburg were 4-1 winners at Pacos de Ferreira, with Roman Shirkov scoring a hat-trick for the Russians. Wednesday sees five further qualifying matches with English Premier League Arsenal facing a tricky first leg tie in Turkey against Fenerbahce.
highlights: AC Milan hold PSV Eindhoven to 1-1 draw . Real Sociedad boosted by 2-0 win in Lyon . Scottish champions Celtic slip to 2-0 defeat to Shakhter Karagandy in Kazahkstan . Final round of qualifying for European Champions League .
id: 76943f8ddd51fd8c5dde0a66d451e69d748ba67e
chatgpt: The final round of qualifying for the European Champions League took place on Tuesday night, with a number of intriguing matches played across the continent. Three of the biggest names in European football, AC Milan, Real Sociedad, and Celtic were all in action, hoping to secure a place in the group stages of the competition. AC Milan faced Dutch side PSV Eindhoven at the San Siro, in what was expected to be an evenly matched encounter. The Italian giants took the lead midway through the first half, with a powerful header from striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic. However, PSV fought back and equalized just before half time, with a well-taken goal from Donyell Malen. Despite a number of chances for both sides in the second half, neither team could find a winner, and the game finished in a 1-1 draw. Meanwhile, Real Sociedad traveled to Lyon to take on the French side. Sociedad dominated the early stages of the game, but it took until the 55th minute for them to take the lead, with a stunning strike from Mikel Oyarzabal. Lyon pushed forward in search of an equalizer, but Sociedad defended superbly, and sealed the win in stoppage time with a goal from Portu. In Kazakhstan, Scottish champions Celtic faced a tough test against Shakhter Karagandy. The Scottish side were hoping to build on their solid form in domestic competition, but they were stunned by the hosts, who took the lead just before half time with a goal from Sergei Khizhnichenko. Celtic pushed forward in search of an equalizer, but they were caught out on the break in the dying minutes of the game, with Shakhter doubling their lead through Andrei Finonchenko. The defeat leaves Celtic with a mountain to climb in the second leg. Overall, it was a mixed night for the three teams in action. AC Milan will be disappointed not to have secured a home win, but they will still fancy their chances in the second leg. Real Sociedad, on the other hand, will be delighted with their away win, which puts them in a strong position heading into the second leg. Celtic, however, will be feeling the pressure after a disappointing defeat, and they will need to turn things around if they are to progress to the group stages of the competition.