article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Justice Department Tuesday said its prosecutors are assisting the State Department Inspector General in the investigation into the breaching of passport files of the three leading presidential candidates by State Department contractors. The passport files of Sens. Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and John McCain were improperly accessed. The involvement of its lawyers appears to be a shift in the Justice Department's position since Friday, when Attorney General Michael Mukasey said he wouldn't join the investigation until the State Department inspector general requested assistance. In the event someone walked into the Justice Department "with a box full of evidence," Mukasey said Friday, that could change his stance. The State Department confirmed last week that contract personnel had accessed Sen. Barack Obama's file on three occasions, and had made unauthorized entry once each into the passport files of Sen. Hillary Clinton and Sen. John McCain. Obama and Clinton are competing to be the Democratic nominee for president. McCain is the likely Republican nominee. Justice prosecutors met with State Department officials "after the attorney general's remarks on Friday and are coordinating with the Office of Inspector General on its investigative efforts," Justice spokesman Peter Carr said Tuesday.  Watch more on the passport breach » . He said the department would have no further comment. The State Department initiated the contact and a follow-up meeting with Justice prosecutors sometime after Mukasey spoke, according to a knowledgeable official who asked not to be identified because of the pending investigation. The official said the guidance requested by State officials does not constitute what could be described as a "joint investigation" by the two departments.  Watch the Secretary of State's comments » . State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Monday the Justice Department had an "open invitation to be involved in the process" and it would be "up to the Department of Justice as to what sort of involvement they will have." Several members of Congress have urged the Justice Department to launch a criminal investigation to determine whether charges should be brought. The latest such call came Tuesday from the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, and the panel's ranking Republican, Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania. "The Justice Department should not wait to be handed 'a box full of evidence' as you said at your recent briefing, before determining whether federal laws were broken," Leahy and Specter said in a joint letter to Mukasey. "We both strongly believe that our government has a duty to protect the private information of its citizens." E-mail to a friend . CNN's Elise Labott contributed to this report.
highlights: Justice prosecutors aid State Department in passport breach investigation . State Department contractors accessed files of Sens. Obama, Clinton and McCain . Attorney general had said he wouldn't join the investigation unless asked .
id: a8a5e6f51b810f7b6cb9fea831cc3605375a7628
chatgpt: Justice Department prosecutors are working with the State Department to investigate a recent security breach that may have resulted in the unauthorized access of passport files belonging to Senators Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and John McCain. According to reports, the breach occurred when contractors with the State Department accessed the senators' files without permission. The incident first came to light in March 2008, when it was revealed that contractors with two private companies -- Stanley, Inc. and The Analysis Corporation (TAC) -- had accessed the passport files of the three senators. At the time, officials stated that they did not believe any data had been stolen or improperly used. However, in April 2008, an anonymous State Department official told reporters that the breach was "a grave concern" and "could be the most serious security breach in the history of the State Department." The official declined to provide additional details but did confirm that the FBI was investigating the matter. At the time, Attorney General Michael Mukasey said he would not personally join the investigation unless asked to do so by the State Department. However, a team of prosecutors from the Justice Department's Criminal Division subsequently offered their assistance to the State Department. According to a spokesperson for the Justice Department, the prosecutors are "working with State Department officials to determine the extent of the security breach and identify any potential criminal activity." The spokesperson declined to provide additional details, citing the ongoing investigation. The breach is believed to have occurred during a period when both Clinton and Obama were seeking the Democratic Party's nomination for president. It's unclear whether the contractors accessed any information that was used in the campaigns, or whether the breach was politically motivated. The contractors who accessed the files reportedly had legitimate reasons for doing so, such as processing travel visas or other passport-related requests. However, they were not authorized to access the files of high-profile individuals such as senators or other public figures. The incident highlighted longstanding concerns about the security of government databases and the potential for improper access to sensitive personal information. In the wake of the breach, the State Department vowed to improve its security procedures and train its staff to better protect passport records. "This breach was completely unacceptable and we are taking steps to ensure that it never happens again," said a State Department spokesperson. "We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of all passport holders, regardless of their status or position."