article: (CNN) -- Legendary rock saxophonist Clarence Clemons died Saturday of complications from a stroke, bandmate Bruce Springsteen said. He was 69. Clemons had played sax in Springsteen's E Street Band off and on since 1972. "Clarence lived a wonderful life. He carried within him a love of people that made them love him. He created a wondrous and extended family. He loved the saxophone, loved our fans and gave everything he had every night he stepped on stage," Springsteen said in a statement. "His loss is immeasurable and we are honored and thankful to have known him and had the opportunity to stand beside him for nearly 40 years. He was my great friend, my partner and with Clarence at my side, my band and I were able to tell a story far deeper than those simply contained in our music. His life, his memory, and his love will live on in that story and in our band." Clemons played on such classic hits as "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road" and is widely credited with helping to shape Springsteen's sound. He passed away at a hospital in Palm Beach, Florida, where he had stayed ever since suffering a stroke last Sunday, said a spokesperson for Springsteen and the E Street Band. He was surrounded by members of his family, including his wife, Victoria, according to the spokesperson. Standing at more than 6 feet tall, Clemons was affectionately known as the "Big Man" to fans. He published his autobiography "Big Man: Real Life & Tall Tales" in 2009 and suffered some health problems in recent years. In addition to his career as a musician, Clemons also worked as an actor, appearing in the TV shows "The Wire" and "The Simpsons" as well as the films "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" and "New York, New York." Tributes to the musician began to pour in on Springsteen's Facebook page Saturday night. "RIP CC, you were the heart and soul of the E Street Band. Thank you for all the music, you got me through some dark days. Blessings on your journey," one post read. "I just can't imagine that space on stage not being occupied by the big man. We are all better people having been moved by your huge music. Now go play with Louis, Miles and the rest and have a blast," read another. CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Clemons played on such classic hits as "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road" Bruce Springsteen says the loss of Clemons is immeasurable . Online tributes to the musician pour in . Clemons suffered a stroke earlier this week and never recovered .
id: 3532fd4e2e347cda633aedb1b275df3573a15143
chatgpt: The music world is mourning the loss of Clarence Clemons, a saxophonist who played on many of Bruce Springsteen's classic hits. Clemons, who was known for his epic solos and larger-than-life stage presence, suffered a stroke earlier this week and never recovered. He was 69 years old. Springsteen, who has worked with Clemons for more than four decades, released a statement mourning the loss of his dear friend. "Clarence lived a wonderful life," said Springsteen. "He carried within him a love of people that made them love him. He created a wondrous and extended family. He loved the saxophone, loved our fans and gave everything he had every night he stepped on stage. His loss is immeasurable and we are honored and thankful to have known him and had the opportunity to stand beside him for nearly 40 years." Online tributes to Clemons have poured in from fans and fellow musicians alike. Many have shared stories about how Clemons' music touched their lives and inspired them to pursue their own dreams. "Thank you for the music and the magic you brought into our lives, Clarence Clemons," tweeted singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow. Clemons was born in Norfolk, Virginia in 1942 and began playing the saxophone when he was nine years old. He later studied music at Maryland State College and Norfolk State College. In the early 1970s, he met Bruce Springsteen and became a member of the E Street Band, playing on such classic hits as "Born to Run" and "Thunder Road." Over the years, Clemons continued to make music with Springsteen and also released several albums of his own. He was known for his powerful, soulful sound and his incredible stage presence. In addition to his work with Springsteen, Clemons also collaborated with a wide range of artists, including Lady Gaga, Roy Orbison, and Aretha Franklin. In recent years, Clemons had experienced some health problems, including back and knee issues, but he had continued to perform and record music. His loss is a major blow to the music community, but his legacy will live on through his music and the countless fans he inspired. As fans and friends around the world remember Clemons and his contributions to the music world, it's clear that his presence will be deeply missed. "Rest in peace, Big Man," tweeted the official Twitter account of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which inducted Clemons as a member of the E Street Band in 1999. "We'll miss you forever."