article: A woman who went to hospital with stomach pains was stunned to discover she was 35 weeks pregnant and in labour. Hannah Froud, 22, gave birth to her daughter Jessica just seven hours after doctors said her stomach cramps were actually labour pains. The financial administrator from Chaddesden, Derbyshire, first started complaining of stomach ache on February 8 but the pain continued through the weekend. On Monday, her work colleagues convinced her to visit the London Road Community Hospital in Derby. Hannah Froud, 22, went to hospital after experiencing stomach pains and was shocked to be told that she was 35 weeks pregnant and in labour . She arrived at 10am and went through a series of checks and tests before eventually being given a pregnancy test. To her utter shock, doctors told her she was in labour. A nurse called Ms Froud’s boyfriend, 26-year-old Chris Bennett, to tell him to come to the centre to see her. Mr Bennett, who works as a joiner, went to the hospital and transported Ms Froud to the Royal Derby Hospital, where she gave birth at 5pm. Ms Froud said: ‘I wasn't bothered about taking the pregnancy test. They said it was routine for women complaining of stomach ache so I just went along with it. Baby Jessica was born at 5pm, just seven hours after her mother learned she was pregnant . ‘Not long after that, they told me I was pregnant. I was completely speechless. ‘The nurse didn't tell Chris the news over the phone, but he was just as shocked as me when he did find out. I remember him having to have a sit down. ‘It was so strange - everything just happened. One minute I had stomach ache, the next I was being told I was having a baby.' So unprepared were Jessica's parents for her arrival, the hospital had to give the couple some baby clothes for her. And despite the drama of a surprise . birth, baby Jessica is perfectly healthy, according to Ms . Froud. The hospital had to give the new parents some clothes for Jessica as they were unprepared for her arrival . She said: ‘She's a lovely little girl. Her sleeping is not a problem because she only wakes up once a night and we will certainly settle for that. ‘Things don't seem to have changed that much. I just no longer have to go work and I have a baby to bring up. ‘We can't wait for her to grow up and start playing with toys. At the moment all she seems to do is sleep.’
highlights: Hannah Froud, 22, went to hospital complaining of stomach pains . Tests eventually revealed that she was 35 weeks pregnant and in labour . Baby Jessica was born at Royal Derby Hospital at 5pm the same day .
id: f584ece5c785bd50c3140db17d1b7f604eb7fbce
chatgpt: A young woman from Derbyshire had quite the surprise when she went to the hospital complaining of stomach pains. Twenty-two-year-old Hannah Froud was shocked to learn that she was not only pregnant but also in labor. She gave birth to a healthy baby girl, Jessica, at Royal Derby Hospital on the same day. According to reports, Froud had experienced some discomfort in her stomach for a few days before deciding to seek medical attention. She initially believed it was just a stomach bug or perhaps something she ate. However, after several tests, doctors determined that she was actually already 35 weeks pregnant and in labor. Froud was understandably shocked by the news, as she had not shown any noticeable signs of pregnancy. She later admitted that the situation was quite overwhelming at first but that she was thrilled to welcome baby Jessica into the world. For the medical staff at Royal Derby Hospital, this was an unexpected but happy event. They quickly sprang into action to make sure that Froud and her newborn received the best possible care. Baby Jessica was born at 5pm the same day, weighing just under 6lbs. The new mother and baby girl were said to be doing well and were receiving postpartum care from medical professionals. Froud was relieved to know that both she and her daughter were safe and healthy. The unexpected nature of the situation has caught the attention of many who are amazed that Froud had no idea she was pregnant for so many weeks. While rare, cases of "cryptic pregnancy" are not unheard of. It is estimated that around 1 in every 2,500 pregnancies are not detected by a woman or medical professionals until very late in the pregnancy. As for Froud, she is said to be adjusting to life as a new mother and is looking forward to getting to know her daughter. She has expressed gratitude for the support she has received from family, friends, and medical staff throughout the experience. For the medical professionals who helped deliver baby Jessica, the situation highlights the importance of being prepared to handle unexpected circumstances. Despite the surprise, they rose to the occasion and provided top-notch care for both mother and baby. The birth of baby Jessica was certainly unexpected, but it serves as a reminder of the miracles of life and the resilience and adaptability of those who help bring new life into the world.