article: For his 50th birthday, Jim Greenan was probably expecting a slap-up meal or a romantic break. Instead, all his wife Claire Potter gave him was a wicker box containing 50 brightly coloured pieces of paper. On each was written a small challenge to be done in order throughout the year. They ranged from the routine (baking a loaf), to the daring (skinny-dipping) and the bizarre (talking like a pirate, volunteering for a police identity parade). Scroll down for video . Taken out of the comfort zone: Jim Greenan with his wife Claire Potter and the box of challenges . Mr Greenan also had to try laughter yoga – a therapy using laughter – and to copy the art of October Jones, who photographs train passengers with cartoon heads superimposed on them. The tasks were devised to fit in around work, holidays and family life in Oxfordshire with the couple’s 15-year-old son and eight-year-old daughter. Miss Potter, a writer, said the idea was to make the year ‘unique and out of the ordinary’. She said: ‘As you get older it can be easy to get in a groove and this has really jolted him out of it.’ So on Mr Greenan’s 50th birthday last January, she presented him with the challenges. One of his favourites was photographing ten strangers, asking permission first, on a family holiday to Warsaw. Miss Potter said it gave them an ‘insight into life in Poland’. Mr Greenan's challenges included eating a whole lobster, left, and sending a message in a bottle, right . Oddly, it was one of the challenges designed to be relaxing and indulgent that caused schoolbook editor Mr Greenan his worst moment – taking a leisurely bath. Miss Potter said: ‘I ran him a bath but only put the hot water in. I told him to put some cold in but he didn’t hear me and scalded his foot. He then managed to pull the plug out and ended up sitting in a few inches of cold water. He got out and said it was rubbish.’ Mr Greenan said: ‘I do like the idea of challenging myself and I’m thinking about doing something bigger this year.’ Miss Potter said: ‘It has been a really good year seeing him try new things that take him out of his comfort zone.’ When she turned 50 in October, her present was more conventional – a bicycle. The couple held a joint 50th birthday party in July at which Mr Greenan played a song he had composed as one of his tasks. He has one challenge left – writing his wife a love letter with 50 things he likes about her. Miss Potter said: ‘I think I deserve that after coming up with all the challenges.’ He was also challenged to go skinny-dipping, left, and buy an item from a charity shop that he wouldn't normally wear, right . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: All Claire Potter gave husband Jim was a a wicker box containing 50 brightly coloured pieces of paper . On each was a small challenge to be done in order throughout the year . They ranged from the routine (baking a loaf), to the daring (skinny-dipping) Also had to try laughter yoga and volunteer for a police identity parade .
id: 89fdaeea78ad3e68326ba7869fb4e44f5a11c710
chatgpt: Claire Potter of Sheffield, UK, has given her husband Jim a unique gift that is set to make their year more exciting, fulfilling and fun. The gift in question is a wicker box, containing 50 brightly coloured pieces of paper. On each of these pieces is a small challenge to be done by the couple in order throughout the year. The challenges range from the simple, everyday things like baking a loaf of bread, to the more daring ones like skinny-dipping in a nearby lake, designed to push the boundaries of what the couple might normally do. Other challenges include trying laughter yoga, volunteering for a police identity parade, and taking a trip in a hot air balloon. Claire, who works as an occupational therapist, said that the idea came about from a desire to inject some spontaneity and excitement into her and Jim’s lives. She had been inspired by another couple who had done something similar, and who had reported that it had added a new dynamic to their relationship. Claire said, “We wanted to do something a bit different, but that didn't cost the earth. It’s easy to get stuck in a rut, so we wanted to have something to look forward to, and something to push us out of our comfort zones.” Jim, who works as a technical sales engineer, said that he was thrilled with the gift and that he was looking forward to completing all 50 challenges. “It’s great to have something like this to look forward to. We’ve done some of the challenges already, like baking bread and trying laughter yoga, and they’ve been really fun. I’m looking forward to seeing what else is in store.” Claire said that she had come up with the challenges herself, taking inspiration from things that she and Jim had always talked about doing but never got around to. She said that she had tried to include a mix of things that were achievable, but that would also push the couple out of their comfort zones. “It’s important to have a mix,” she said. “Of course, we want to have fun and enjoy ourselves, but it’s also good to challenge ourselves and try new things. That’s what this is all about.” Claire and Jim plan to document their progress on social media, using the hashtag #50challenges. They hope that others will be inspired by their gift and will think of creative ways to inject a bit of excitement into their own lives. “We’re not saying that everyone should go out and do something like this,” said Claire. “But if you’re feeling a bit stuck in a rut, or like there’s nothing to look forward to, then this might be something to consider. It’s not about spending lots of money, it’s about being creative and having fun.” With the first few challenges under their belt, Claire and Jim are excited to see what the rest of the year brings. With 46 challenges remaining, there’s sure to be a lot of excitement, laughter, and perhaps even a few unexpected surprises along the way.