article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . PUBLISHED: . 07:08 EST, 16 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:10 EST, 16 January 2013 . A hospital has sparked outrage by announcing it is to erect a smoking shelter outside a cancer ward. Managers at the new £400 million University Hospital of North Staffordshire have applied for planning permission for five shelters on site after patients repeatedly ignored the no-smoking policy. They will be put up outside the hospital's maternity block, two main entrances and its accident and emergency unit. Bosses at the new £400 million University Hospital of North Staffordshire have applied for planning permission for five smoking shelters on site . But the final shelter is to be installed outside the hospital's cancer ward - a move which has infuriated victims of the disease and charities. Cancer survivor Harry Larkins, 70, from Cheadle, Staffs., who still has annual check-ups after beating the disease in 2009, yesterday (Wed) slammed the decision. He said: 'I know they have to accommodate smokers, but a lot of people in the cancer ward have smoked throughout their lives and don't need reminding that could be the reason they are there. 'It's just plain insensitive. It is a huge site and they could put them somewhere a lot more discreet. I think it's a terrible error of judgement.' Ron Locker, founder of the Staffordshire Moorlands Cancer Support Group, said: 'I understand the difficulty of people who have been smoking all their lives to just quit. The move was taken after ents repeatedly ignored the hospital's no-smoking policy (posed by model) 'But it is not pleasant for patients heading into hospital to have to walk through people smoking outside.' Councillor Colin Eastwood, chairman of Newcastle Borough Council's Health Scrutiny Committee, said: 'I don't feel the shelters are really addressing the problem of smoking. It is almost like condoning smoking. 'Smoking is a real issue in the local area and it concerns me that the hospital is providing for them. 'What they should be doing is supporting smokers who are admitted to hospital to quit the habit.' Hospital officials yesterday refused to explain why a smoking shelter was planned for the cancer centre. Chief Nurse Liz Rix said: 'We do not condone smoking on our premises by patients, visitors or staff. 'However, a degree of pragmatism has been adopted to keep the hospital clean and tidy and smokers away from building entrances. 'The beautiful main entrance has become a particular problem area with a large number of smokers congregating and at times it has been difficult to keep the area clean. 'We accept this has caused problems for neighbouring residential areas and are working with unions to see what actions can be taken to alleviate this. 'We enforce a blanket ban on staff smoking on our property and staff will not be allowed to use the shelters.' Stoke-on-Trent City Council is expected to rule on the planning application in the middle of February.
highlights: Five shelters are planned at the new £400m University Hospital of North Staffordshire . Bosses say the move was forced by patients repeatedly ignoring the no-smoking policy . Cancer victims and charities have condemned the move .
id: ad3ed9032a63ba8255bdc5b08b14ab9a7c13b55f
chatgpt: The University Hospital of North Staffordshire has announced plans to build five smoking shelters at their new £400m facility. Hospital management cited patients repeatedly ignoring the no-smoking policy as the reason behind this decision. However, this move has come under sharp criticism from cancer victims and charities. The hospital has been dealing with the issue of patients smoking on the premises for some time now, with the current policy being that smoking is banned everywhere on site, including outside the buildings. Despite the warning signs and guidance from the hospital staff, some patients continued to flout the rules. In an attempt to tackle the issue, the hospital has decided to install five smoking shelters on the premises. The shelters will be located away from the main entrance to the hospital and will be fitted with air extraction systems to minimize smoke exposure to others. While the hospital management have hailed this decision as a practical solution to the problem, cancer victims, charities, and anti-smoking campaigners have condemned the move. They argue that the hospital’s decision to provide shelters is sending out the wrong message to patients and visitors, especially since smoking is one of the main causes of cancer. Cancer victim Sarah Jones voiced her concerns over the smoking shelters, stating that “it feels like the hospital is promoting smoking rather than discouraging it. It’s not sending out the right message to patients, visitors and staff members who are trying their best to quit smoking.” Others have also expressed their concerns about the health risks associated with second-hand smoke inhalation, especially for vulnerable patients such as those with respiratory problems or cancer. However, Hospital bosses have defended their decision by saying that providing designated smoking areas is a better alternative than patients smoking in secluded areas or in the hospital toilets, which is a fire hazard. The hospital’s Chief Executive, Janet Docherty, stated that they “had to make a decision which balances the needs of smokers who find it difficult to go without smoking for long periods, with the need to protect other patients from second-hand smoke.” The concern now is whether this decision will have an impact on the number of patients who smoke on the premises. The hospitals’ management believes that by providing designated smoking shelters, they will encourage patients to smoke in a particular area and reduce litter from cigarette butts on the premises. The trust has stated that the shelters’ construction work will start at the end of October and is set to be finished by late November in time for the hospital’s grand opening on December 7th. In conclusion, the University Hospital of North Staffordshire has announced its decision to build five smoking shelters in response to patients ignoring the no-smoking policy. While hospital management feels that this decision is practical and necessary, it has been criticized by cancer victims and anti-smoking campaigners who argue that it sends out the wrong message to patients and visitors. The construction of the shelters is set to start in the coming weeks, and it remains to be seen whether they will help reduce the number of patients smoking on the premises or not.