article: PANAMA CITY, Panama (CNN)  -- Ricardo Martinelli, the multimillionaire owner of a supermarket chain, was inaugurated as president of Panama on Wednesday. Ricardo Martinelli is a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party. National Assembly President Jose Luis Varela performed the swearing-in and placed the presidential sash on Martinelli, a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party in May. The citizens of Panama "want things to be done differently," Varela said at the inauguration. "An attitude of change starts today." In his first speech as president, Martinelli promised a smaller government budget but raises for public workers. Public safety, an issue that the outgoing administration of Martin Torrijos struggled to maintain, will be a priority, Martinelli said. "Our prisons will be rehabilitation centers, not schools for criminals," he said. Panama will also work with Mexico and Colombia to combat drug trafficking in the region, Martinelli said. Among the dignitaries at the inauguration was deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya, who was ousted in a military-led coup Sunday. The Organization of American States has condemned the coup, and Zelaya has continued to carry out his presidential duties. The son of Italian immigrants, Martinelli, 57, is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the Super 99 supermarket chain, one of the largest private companies in Panama. The U.S.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the Panama Canal Authority and formerly was director of social security for Panama, according to his Web site. Martinelli won the presidency with 60 percent of the votes in a race against ruling-party candidate Balbina Herrera.
highlights: NEW: Deposed Honduran president attends ceremony . Supermarket chain owner Ricardo Martinelli inaugurated . Martinelli promises smaller government budget, raises for public workers . New president says Panama will fight drug trafficking in region .
id: d7b5355aa830a657717ef6db8ea347749ca07439
chatgpt: Deposed Honduran President Manuel Zelaya attended the inauguration ceremony of Ricardo Martinelli, the new President of Panama. Martinelli, the owner of a leading supermarket chain in Panama, took the oath of office at a ceremony attended by numerous dignitaries, including Zelaya. The new President promised a reduction in government expenditure and an increase in salaries for public employees. Panama has been dealing with the challenges of drug trafficking and organised crime in the region in recent years. In his inaugural speech, Martinelli declared his determination to combat these issues. "We will work tirelessly to fight drug trafficking and organised crime in the region. We will not allow these elements to destabilise our country," Martinelli said. Zelaya's attendance was notable, given the political turbulence he endured in Honduras before being ousted from power in 2009. Despite this, both Martinelli and Zelaya put their past differences aside, with Martinelli thanking Zelaya for his presence. "We are pleased to have Manuel Zelaya here with us today. We must move beyond our differences and work together for the good of our region," Martinelli said. The relationship between Panama and Honduras has been strained in recent years due to disagreements over extradition and allegations of money laundering. The attendance of Zelaya, however, signals a positive shift in the relationship between the two countries. Overall, the ceremony marked the beginning of a new chapter in Panama's political history, with Martinelli pledging to bring change and combat the issues that have been plaguing the region. The attendance of Zelaya also raised hopes of a renewed relationship between Panama and Honduras.