article: New York (CNN) -- Performances of the troubled Broadway musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" are scheduled to resume Thursday evening after a performer was injured during a show, a spokesman said. The show's producers acted on the guidance of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the New York State Department of Labor, according to spokesman Rick Miramontez. During Monday's performance, 31-year-old Christopher Tierney fell at least 20 feet and was hospitalized. Earlier, Broadway actor Adam Pascal called for the prosecution of the show's director, Julie Taymor, because of a series of recent mishaps, including Tierney's injury. "They should put Julie Taymor in jail for assault!" Pascal posted on the social networking site Facebook. He called for lawsuits against Taymor and others invested in the production, such as musical stars Bono and David Howell Evans. Pascal later recanted the comments, saying, "I think some of you missed the intended humor in my post, although my anger is real, I don't think anyone should sue Bono and the Edge you dummy! Or put Julie Taymor in jail you double dummy. I was making a point." Pascal's representative, Rich Aronstein from RJ productions, confirmed the posts were authentic. The show, with music and lyrics by U2's Bono and Howell (aka The Edge), is the most expensive in Broadway history, but production has been beset by cast injuries and technical problems. Taymor said the accident was "obviously heartbreaking for our entire team and, of course, to me personally." "I am so thankful that Chris is going to be all right and is in great spirits," Taymor said in a statement Tuesday. "Nothing is more important than the safety of our Spider-Man family and we'll continue to do everything in our power to protect the cast and crew." Tierney was initially listed in serious condition at Bellevue Hospital. The fall that injured him was caused by human error, the Actors Equity Association, a performers' union, said Wednesday. On Tuesday, the "Spider-Man" company met with officials from the union, as well as representatives of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the New York State Department of Labor. The union did not give details on the error, but the group said it worked with the other agencies to develop a safety plan to address the issue. Initially, only the Wednesday matinee performance was postponed after the incident, and performances were to resume Wednesday evening.
highlights: An actor fell during the performance and was hospitalized on Monday . New safety protocols are being implemented for the show . Broadway actor recants a Facebook post that musical director should be jailed .
id: a572fdc58227b4e9b9da535d370d2ac8eedcd31a
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events, an actor in a popular Broadway show fell during the performance on Monday and had to be hospitalized. The incident occurred during a particularly intense scene, as the actor was performing a high-energy dance routine. Despite the seriousness of the fall, the actor is said to be recovering well and is expected to make a full recovery. In the wake of this fall, the show's management has announced that new safety protocols are being implemented to ensure that such incidents do not happen in the future. The new protocols will include additional safety checks and rehearsals, as well as the use of additional safety equipment where necessary. This is not the first time that an incident like this has occurred in the world of Broadway. As the demands of live performances become increasingly intense, there has been growing concern from performers and audiences alike about the need for greater safety measures in the industry. While accidents like this one are rare, they highlight the need for constant vigilance and attention to safety in even the most demanding of performances. In another piece of news related to the same Broadway show, a well-known actor has recanted a controversial Facebook post that he made earlier this week. In the post, the actor had called for the show's musical director to be jailed, citing concerns about the quality of the music and the overall direction of the show. While the actor has since apologized for his comments and claimed that he was simply venting his frustration at the high-pressure environment of Broadway, the incident has sparked a broader debate about the demands of live performance and the pressures that performers face on a daily basis. Many have called for greater support and resources for actors and other performers, in order to help them cope with the intense demands of their work. Overall, the world of Broadway continues to be a source of both inspiration and controversy, as performers push themselves to new heights and audiences flock to see the latest and greatest productions. While incidents like the recent fall and the controversial Facebook post are undoubtedly concerning, they also highlight the deep passion and commitment that actors and other performers bring to their work, day in and day out. As the industry continues to evolve and change, it will be up to all of us to ensure that the performers who bring our favorite shows to life are given the support and resources that they need to succeed.