article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 23:07 EST, 15 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:42 EST, 16 April 2013 . Microsoft designers are working on a touch-enabled watch as the company aims to cash in on the anticipated boom in wearable electronics, it has been claimed. The computing giant reportedly asked Asian suppliers to ship 1.5in displays for a potential watch- style device and one supply executive said he had met with Microsoft researchers and developers. Whether Microsoft will actually end up producing the watch is uncertain, but some investors and technology firms are expecting a boom in wearable electronics, reported the Wall Street Journal. It's time: Microsoft chairman Bill Gates shows off the firm's smartwatch technology in 2004. Now it has been claimed the company has asked Asian firms to ship 1.5-inch displays for a potential watch-style device . The U.S. company experimented with smartwatches in 2004 with a product called SPOT, which used FM radio signals to send instant messages and view news headlines, reported CNN. But production ceased four years later and the SPOT project, which stood for Smart Personal Object Technology, was eventually pulled last year. Smartwatches come with a 37-year history. Some new gadgets such as Nike’s FuelBand are intended to measure physical exercise, while others can perform similar functions to a smartphone such as receiving text messages or taking photos. California-based startup firm Pebble Technology now makes a watch that wirelessly synchronises with smartphones and vibrates to alert users of incoming phone calls, emails and Twitter posts. High tech: Microsoft experimented with smartwatches in 2004 with a product called SPOT, which used FM radio signals to send instant messages and view news headlines . And Google is developing a smartwatch as well as its eyewear gadget Google Glass. The search giant is set to use its Android software and will battle against Apple's iWatch and a Samsung gadget. 'We see growing demand for wearable gadgets as the size of the smartphone has become too big to carry around' Wanli Wang, RBS analyst . ‘We see growing demand for wearable gadgets as the size of the smartphone has become too big to carry around,’ analyst Wanli Wang told the Wall Street Journal. ‘A smartwatch that is compatible with a smartphone and other electronics devices would be attractive to consumers.’ One research firm anticipates the market for wearable smart electronics to be a £7billion industry within just three years.
highlights: Supply exec says he's met with Microsoft developers over smartwatch . Wearable electronics industry could be worth £7bn within three years . Microsoft experimented with smartwatches in its 2004 product SPOT . This used FM radio signals but production of it ceased four years later .
id: 97802092de0c1eca67c240ebb2b07f62947f56de
chatgpt: A top executive from a leading supply chain company has revealed that he recently met with Microsoft developers to discuss the creation of a new smartwatch. Although no official announcement has been made by Microsoft, the news has sparked excitement within the wearable electronics industry, which experts predict could be worth an impressive £7bn within the next three years. This isn't the first time that Microsoft has delved into the world of smartwatches. Back in 2004, the tech giant released a product called 'SPOT' - or Smart Personal Object Technology - which utilised FM radio signals to deliver information to the wearer. While the device proved popular with some consumers, production ceased just four years later, with the smartwatch market yet to fully take off. However, with the wearable electronics industry continuing to grow at a rapid pace, Microsoft is keen to once again become a player in this space. The meeting with the supply chain executive suggests that the company is pushing ahead with plans for a new smartwatch, which could potentially take advantage of a variety of cutting-edge technologies and features. Some experts believe that Microsoft could consider integrating its own virtual assistant, Cortana, into any new smartwatch it produces. This would enable users to control the device using voice commands, as well as receive updates on news, weather and other important information. Of course, the smartwatch market is a crowded one, with many companies already offering their own versions of these high-tech accessories. Industry giants like Apple and Samsung have established a significant foothold in the market, while smaller players such as Fitbit and Garmin continue to make strides in the space. However, Microsoft's past experience in the smartwatch market - as well as its vast wealth of technical knowledge and resources - could give it a significant boost should it decide to launch a new product. With demand for wearable technology continuing to increase, the potential for success in this space is huge - and Microsoft certainly has the know-how to create a product that could dominate the market. Many industry experts will be eagerly anticipating any official announcement from Microsoft in the coming months, eager to see what kind of smartwatch the company could bring to the table. With cutting-edge technology and innovative features, a new Microsoft smartwatch could potentially change the game in the wearable electronics industry - and prove to be a huge success for the company.