article: Tony Blair has agreed to advise the next government of Albania in a deal which could be worth millions of pounds. Albania is hoping to join the European Union and is understood to be interested in New Labour-style reforms. Mr Blair is being lined up to work as a consultant for the Socialist Party if, as expected, it wins next month’s elections. Lucrative: Former Prime Minister Tony Blair and Albanian socialist leader Edi Rama are pictured together . Party leader Edi Rama wrote on Twitter this week: ‘An excellent meeting with Tony Blair. We agreed that after June 23, he and his team will work with us for good governance. Fantastic!’ In a video released of the meeting, Mr Blair said: ‘I will be very happy to help you. I am very interested in your country.’ The former prime minister is considered a hero in Albania. He was involved in the 1999 Nato action in Kosovo, when Serb forces attacked ethnic Albanians. Many children were named ‘Tonibler’ in his honour. The country, ruled by hardline Communists until the 1990s, became a democracy in 1998. It is one of Europe’s poorest countries, with its GDP 119th in the world – below war-torn Congo. A party spokesman would not say how much Mr Blair would be paid, but called him ‘a very important partner’. In the past: Tony Blair is surrounded by Kosovo refugees as he arrives at the refugee camp in Elbasan, Albania, in May 1999. The former prime minister is considered a hero in the country . Mr Blair has also signed deals to advise governments in Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Brazil and Colombia with the Government Advisory Practice, set up after he left Downing Street in 2007. He was criticised after it emerged . earlier this year that he will advise president Nursultan Nazarbayev of . Kazakhstan, whose police force shot and killed 15 striking oil workers . in December 2011. 'I will be very happy to help you. I am very interested in your country' Tony Blair . The deal with Kazakhstan was said to be worth £16million. The Government Advisory Practice is managed by another of Mr Blair’s companies, Windrush Ventures. Its accounts reveal profits of £3.6million in the year ending March 2012. A spokesman for Mr Blair said: ‘Mr Rama met Tony Blair in London last week. Mr Rama said that if he became prime minister, he would like Mr Blair’s advice on how to modernise. ‘Mr Blair said he would be happy to help. . . But no formal agreement was made.’
highlights: Albania hoping to join EU and is 'interested in New Labour-style reforms' Blair is being lined up to work for the Socialist Party if it wins elections . Former PM involved in 1999 Nato action and is seen as hero in Albania .
id: 2142ec82d62ea7cd5e3a9fe31633567274e03265
chatgpt: Albania is hoping to join the European Union, and it seems that they are keen to adopt the New Labour-style reforms that were introduced by former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair. In fact, Blair is being lined up to work for the Socialist Party in Albania if they win the forthcoming elections. Blair was instrumental in the NATO military intervention in Kosovo in 1999, which is seen by many Albanians as a heroic act. His involvement in the conflict led to the expulsion of Serbian forces from the region and prevented a humanitarian disaster. Since leaving office in 2007, Blair has been busy with his charitable work and consultancy role, but he has also continued to be involved in global politics. His recent interest in Albania has been well received by the country's leaders, who see him as a valuable asset. Albania has been working towards joining the European Union for some time. The country has been a candidate since 2014, and negotiations have been ongoing. However, there are still several obstacles to overcome before Albania can become a member of the EU. One of the key issues facing the country is corruption. In recent years, Albania has made progress in combatting corruption, but it still remains a major problem. The EU has made it clear that Albania needs to do more to root out corruption if it wants to join the union. Another issue is the country's economy. Albania is one of the poorest countries in Europe, and its GDP per capita is significantly lower than the EU average. The government has been working to improve the country's economic situation, but there is still a long way to go. Despite these challenges, Albania is making progress towards its goal of joining the EU. The country is keen to adopt the reforms that have been successful in other EU countries, and it is looking to Blair for guidance. Blair's New Labour reforms, which were introduced in the UK in the late 1990s, were aimed at modernizing the country's public services and making them more efficient. The reforms were controversial at the time, but many of them are now considered to be a success. Albania's leaders believe that similar reforms could benefit their country, and they are eager to work with Blair to implement them. If the Socialist Party wins the upcoming elections, it is likely that Blair will be brought in to advise the government on how to modernize the country's public services. In conclusion, Albania's efforts to join the EU are being met with cautious optimism. The country still faces significant challenges, but it is making progress towards its goal. With the help of Tony Blair and others like him, Albania could soon be a modern, prosperous country that is a valued member of the European Union.