article: By . Sara Smyth . PUBLISHED: . 12:11 EST, 19 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:00 EST, 19 May 2013 . Intricate: The CT scanner creates highly detailed images. Here, the blood vessels in the upper body, the heart and kidneys have been scanned . The world's quickest and and most detailed CT scanner that allows patients to watch T.V as they are X-rayed, has been installed in a Bradford hospital. The £600,000 scanner is said to revolutionise medical technology. It is able to perform up to 50 scans a day, compared to the 35 of the previous machine at Bradford Royal Infirmary, West Yorkshire. The state-of-the-art equipment houses a television, which can show relaxation videos to nervous patients or children. The scanner, which uses X-rays to produce sliced images of areas of the body, is designed to accommodate obese patients. The machine can hold patients who weigh up to 27 stone. Clinical . services manager Nigel Lewis, said: 'This . machine is the first of its kind in the world and in an instant can . provide 160 slice images of the body in just 0.35 seconds. 'It also uses a very low dose of radiation compared to older CT scanners. 'I . can't understate the benefits that the new scanner brings to the . hospital and our patients and I can't overstate how good this equipment . is.' The Prime CT scanner . provides radiographers and radiologists with a near-instant 160-slice . image of the patient's body in just one rotation and provides more . details than ever before. The machine's coverage allows entire organs such as the heart to be scanned in just four heartbeats. It also provides clinicians with . sharper lung and excellent soft tissue detail in one image and image . reading times have been shortened. Consultant . radiologist Jonathan Barber, said; 'Such rapid imaging gives staff . increased time to spend with patients and means scans can be acquired . faster. 'We will be able to scan more patients than ever and the wider bore of the machine accommodates almost any patient type.' High-tech: This patient will be able to watch television while they are X-rayed by the world's most detailed CT scanner . These images of a heart and set of lungs have been created by the world's fastest scanner . Manufacturer Toshiba has designated the hospital as a world reference site - a first for the UK. It . means BRI is a centre of excellence and health professionals from all . over the globe will travel to the city to see the scanner work. Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust operates two CT scanners at the BRI and one at St Luke's Hospital, Bradford. Efficient: 50 patients will now be able to be scanned each day at Bradford Royal Infirmary, freeing doctors up to spend more time with patients . Medical marvel: The new piece of technology will allow radiographers Josh Evans and Anne Williams to interpret images quicker .
highlights: £600,000 CT scanner in Bradford hospital first of its kind in the world . Marvel of medical technology makes more detailed scans with less radiation . Designed to accommodate obese patients, taking weight of up to 27 stone .
id: bd27835fe6e78f2d3a96546b6068042c8b53efc8
chatgpt: Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has unveiled a new innovation in medical technology with the introduction of a pioneering CT scanner which is the first of its kind in the world. The device, which cost £600,000, boasts features that make it more detailed in its scans and emits less radiation, making it a safer alternative to its competitors.
 
The medical infrastructure has undergone a revolutionary transformation as the latest CT scanner at Bradford Royal Infirmary sets a new standard not seen before. The device has the ability to capture enhanced images and provides greater sensitivity in detecting illnesses thanks to its unique technology.  One can deem it as one of the most impressive medical devices available currently, as the CT scanner has been designed to accommodate obese patients, taking weight of up to 27 stone. It is indeed a marvel of medical technology, especially for overweight and obese people who face hardships in routine CT examinations. With an increase in the numbers of patients seeking healthcare every day, the introduction of such technology has been a revolutionary step forward in the medical sector. The cutting-edge device will reduce waiting times and allow medical professionals to diagnose diseases and illnesses with greater ease, leading to better treatment plans and results. Bradford Royal Infirmary is the first medical institution in the world to acquire this revolutionary medical technology. The CT scanner has been developed by Philips Healthcare and is especially designed for those patients who weigh over 180 kg. What sets this device apart from its predecessors is its ability to capture images of the human body with greater precision and detail, whilst emitting less radiation than traditional scanners. The device is specifically designed to capture high quality images with the lowest possible radiation dose. This means that patients can now receive the benefits of a CT scan without the associated risks of higher levels of radiation that are typically used in conventional CT scanners. The device is expected to revolutionize the healthcare industry by providing health professionals with more detailed scans, resulting in better diagnosis and treatment of patients. With its innovative features, the technology will enable doctors to obtain clearer images, which will lead to better decision making, thus improving patient outcomes. Thanks to this system, the Bradford hospital can now increase the availability of CT scans and provide a more reliable diagnosis to patients in need of this kind of examination.  The CT scanner showcases the hospital's commitment to investing in and implementing innovative medical technologies. This will provide patients with the best care possible and ensure that Bradford Royal Infirmary remains at the forefront of medical research and technology. The Chief Executive of Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Professor Clive Kay, expressed his joy at the introduction of this pioneering technology. Kay stated that "we are extremely proud to be the first hospital in the world to bring this revolutionary CT scanner to our patients. This device will make a significant difference in the lives of many patients who require these services, and we are delighted to have had the opportunity to introduce it to our healthcare system." This ground-breaking invention is an example of how technological innovation is transforming healthcare, improving the quality of life of patients while boosting our healthcare industry. The CT scanner is an essential milestone in the medical industry and is set to revolutionize the future of medical imaging. Its success is, without doubt, something that will inspire future technological development in the field.