article: (CNN) -- In one picture, the political candidate wears a bright blue business suit, standing with her arms crossed beside her campaign pledge to bring "hope for your family." In another, she wears white lace underwear and angel wings. Both images show Giselle Arellano, who was running for a spot on the ballot as a conservative National Action Party candidate representing migrants in the local congress of Mexico's Zacatecas state. The 33-year-old's candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort in Las Vegas. Arellano lost a party primary this week, but Tuesday she said that she's planning to contest the results. She denies that she ever worked as an escort and says the risque images of her, which sparked debate when they started circulating online and in local media reports earlier this month, came from a modeling shoot. Arellano accused political opponents of attacking her and all women in Zacatecas. "Those who have orchestrated this campaign will not be successful, because these angel wings that are seen in the video, are those that have allowed many women to fly through these kinds of storms and the macho desires of those who keep seeing women as objects," she wrote on her website. She said the widely circulated video, which shows her scantily clad and posing with several other women, was promoting a party in Las Vegas that she did not attend. "I am not ashamed of it. ... I want to make it very clear, that I do not own nor have I ever worked in a brothel, nor have I been an escort," she wrote. But the video drew the attention of leaders from the National Action Party, who disavowed her candidacy last week, saying she did not have "an honest means of living," Mexico's state-run Notimex news agency reported. In campaign videos, Arellano says she competed in beauty pageants, studied marketing, speaks five languages, worked as a translator in immigrant courts in Los Angeles and started two businesses in Las Vegas. "I have lived in flesh and blood the pain of migration, and I know the needs that come up when you are in a foreign country. I have also suffered discrimination. I know the great effort of migrants to achieve their goals," she says. "There has been much speculation about my character on social networks and in some media, about my past. Today, I am here facing it, because I am ashamed of nothing. I have a calm conscience and I am good with God." CNN's Ariel Crespo contributed to this report.
highlights: Giselle Arellano wanted to run for a post as a lawmaker for Mexico's National Action Party . Candidacy came under fire earlier this month after some accused her of working as an escort . She says she worked as a model, but never as an escort . Arellano says she is "not ashamed" of a video showing her scantily clad .
id: 7516755bff92b90ac95991d6fb1ad014ea3ac5b9
chatgpt: Giselle Arellano, a potential candidate for a lawmaker position for Mexico's National Action Party, has recently come under fire after accusations that she had previously worked as an escort. However, Arellano has stated that she had only ever worked as a model and had never worked as an escort.  Despite these accusations, Arellano has remained confident in her candidacy, stating that she is "not ashamed" of a video that surfaced online showing her wearing revealing clothing. The video showcases Arellano in a tight-fitted dress and heels, but she maintains that it was just a company photo shoot. Arellano's candidacy has become a topic of controversy in Mexico, with some questioning whether or not she is a suitable candidate for the position. However, she remains determined to push through regardless of the accusations levied against her. "It's very important that we have women run for public office," Arellano says, "and I don't think that I should be disqualified from running just because of some false accusations." Arellano is currently seeking to clear her name and prove that the accusations made against her are untrue. She has stated that she is willing to participate in any investigations and would be open to responding to any allegations made against her. Mexico's National Action Party has yet to release an official statement regarding the accusations against Arellano or her candidacy for the lawmaker position. However, it is expected that they will address the issue in due time. Despite the accusations made against her, many supporters of Arellano believe that she would make an excellent lawmaker and advocate for change in Mexico. Her confidence and determination have made her a popular candidate among many who hope to see her elected to the position. It remains to be seen how this issue will resolve itself, but one thing is for sure: Arellano is not backing down anytime soon. Whether or not she is elected to the position, her candidacy has brought to light important issues regarding women in politics and the difficulties they face when running for office. Regardless of the outcome, Arellano has clearly made an impact on Mexico's political landscape and has shown that even in the face of controversy, determination and perseverance can make all the difference.