article: By . Mark Bryans . Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemolo has hit out at suggestions Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen will leave the team at the end of the season. Both former world champions have reportedly claimed they could depart the Italian marque following a largely disappointing year. Raikkonen, who rejoined the team from Lotus in September, has amassed just 27 points but speculation around a potential retirement has been quashed. On his way? Fernando Alonso is rumoured to be leaving Ferrari at the end of a struggling season . For two-time world champion Alonso the question is whether he will remain loyal to Ferrari despite that lack of competitiveness at the front of the field but Di Montezemolo has praised both men and insists they will honour their contracts next season. 'We are lucky to have two great champions, who are working with the whole team to get back to being competitive again,' he told the official Ferrari website. 'Of course, as is the case every summer, there is unfounded gossip about alleged problems with senseless rumours bandied about, such as the ones relating to Alonso's contract. We know that the summer heat always produces silly stories. Disappointing: Kimi Raikonnen has collected just 27 points on his return to the Italian race team . 'Our drivers must now relax in order to return in top form. The season is still long and we need Fernando and Kimi to be in great shape.' Alonso has finished in the points in every race so far this season but has yet to record a victory and sits fourth in the drivers' standings - 87 points behind leader Nico Rosberg. Ferrari have not won the constructors' championship since 2008, with Raikkonen the last driver to win the title for the team a year earlier. But Di Montezemolo believes the right steps are being taken to put the team on a more even keel with the likes of Red Bull and Mercedes, who have dominated the previous five seasons. Prancing pony: Ferrari currently sit third behind Mercedes and Red Bull in the constructor's table . 'We are making in-depth changes on both the organisational side, in our approach and culture,' he added. 'We have taken important decisions and have made significant progress, even if, at the moment, the results of all this work are not always visible. 'The aim is to get back to being as competitive as we were before in the shortest possible time, while at the same time putting everything in place so that we can embark on another winning cycle.' CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen have reportedly claim they would leave Ferrari at the end of the season . Italian F1 team president Luca Di Montezemolo has dismissed rumours . Raikkonen has only collected 27 points in a disappointing season . Alonso is yet to record a Grand Prix victory in an uncompetitive car .
id: 8a96d138a7b588cd7cb4e06422bbe2b334d36e0d
chatgpt: Rumours of a possible departure from Ferrari have been circling around two of the team's drivers, Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen. Reports suggest that both drivers have expressed their desire to leave the Italian F1 team at the end of the season. However, these rumours have been dismissed by Ferrari's president, Luca Di Montezemolo. Speaking to the media, he clarified that Alonso and Raikkonen are happy with their position in the team and that he expects them to stay on for the foreseeable future. Despite these claims, the performances of both drivers have come under scrutiny in recent times. Raikkonen, in particular, has had a disappointing season, having collected just 27 points in the current campaign. The Finn has struggled to match the pace set by his teammate, Alonso, and has been at the receiving end of criticism from fans and media alike. On the other hand, Alonso has been more competitive than Raikkonen, but his efforts have been hampered by an uncompetitive car. The Spaniard is yet to record a Grand Prix victory this season and has been vocal about his desire for the team to improve the car's performance. While the team's president has dismissed the rumours of Alonso and Raikkonen leaving, their performances this season could lead to changes within the team. With the next season fast approaching, Ferrari will need to step up their game if they hope to retain both drivers and compete for the championship. In addition to the struggles of the drivers, the team has also been affected by a series of technical issues. The reliability of the car has been a concern, and the team is working towards addressing these issues before the next race. Despite these challenges, Ferrari remains a force to be reckoned with in the world of F1. The team has a rich history and a passionate fan base, and they will be hoping to turn things around in the coming races. With Alonso and Raikkonen at the helm, the team has a talented duo capable of delivering top-class performances. However, they will need to work together and with the team to overcome the challenges they currently face. For now, the rumours of a possible departure have been dismissed. However, given the performances of the drivers this season, anything could happen in the future. Ferrari will need to remain focused and work hard to ensure that they can retain their talented drivers and compete at the highest level.