article: By . Katy Winter . PUBLISHED: . 12:16 EST, 12 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:16 EST, 12 August 2013 . Depending on why you buy things, materialism may actually increase your sense of loneliness . Many of us know the comfort of turning to a little retail therapy when we feel down or lonely. But while treating ourselves to something nice may improve our mood briefly, new research from the University of Chicago suggests that shopping as a cure for loneliness is futile - and could in fact make us feel more lonely. In fact, the very act of fending off loneliness by shopping can create a vicious cycle where one shops because they are lonely, feels more lonely because they have shopped, and continues shopping in a misguided attempt to cure the loneliness. The study, published in the Journal of Consumer Research, analysed data from 2,500 consumers over six years and found that while loneliness does indeed contribute to materialism, the two have a bidirectional relationship. Defining materialism as the ‘importance consumers attach to acquiring and owning material possessions’ the study proposes that materialism can ‘crowd out’ social relationships and thus increase loneliness, which in turn increases materialism as a coping strategy. Before you throw out your credit card though, it is worth noting that the researchers found this vicious cycle only applied to two of the three sub-types of materialism: ‘Acquisition as source of happiness’ (where material possessions are a means to your happiness; you buy things in an attempt to fill an inner void of happiness) and ‘possession-defined success’ (using material things as a yardstick to measure how well you’re doing in life in comparison to other people) both increased loneliness over time. However the third type of materialism ‘acquisition centrality’ (buying nice or luxury things simply because owning them makes you happy) in fact decreased loneliness. Similarly, while being lonely increased both the first two types of materialism, it had no effect on acquisition centrality. The subtype of materialism 'acquisition centrality' can actually decrease your sense of loneliness- so just make sure you are shopping for the right reasons! If buying a new designer dress makes us happy because it's beautiful and we enjoyed choosing it, for instance, then the purchase may have the effect of making us feel somewhat less lonely. However . if we expect the dress to cure an inner sense of unhappiness, or . we want it to show friends and colleagues how well we are doing, then buying it may . ultimately lead to us feeling more lost and lonely than before the shopping trip. So while the study points at a wisdom in evaluating why we shop, it does not necessarily mean that we are all susceptible to the same pernicious cycle of materialism and loneliness.
highlights: Research by University of Chicago shows we shop when we are lonely . Also showed that materialism increased loneliness for most . Identified three sub-types of materialism, two of which make you more lonely . Shopping to fill a void, or to impress others can make you lonely . Those who shop purely for the pleasure of owning nice things are ok .
id: 119df7ef877da50ff8cdadbffadb2f1ced371e20
chatgpt: Loneliness is a universal experience, and we all have different ways of coping with it. Some people turn to shopping as a way of filling the void, but a new study shows that this behavior may be doing more harm than good. According to research conducted by the University of Chicago, people are more likely to go shopping when they are feeling lonely. The study also found that materialism can actually increase feelings of loneliness for most people.  The study examined three sub-types of materialism: acquisition centrality, possession-defined success, and acquisition as the pursuit of happiness. The first category, acquisition centrality, refers to the belief that possessions are central to a person's life. The second, possession-defined success, refers to the belief that a person's success is defined by the things they own. Finally, acquisition as the pursuit of happiness refers to the belief that happiness can be attained through the acquisition of material goods. The study found that the first two sub-types of materialism—acquisition centrality and possession-defined success—were positively correlated with loneliness. This means that people who believe that possessions are central to their lives and define their success by what they own are more likely to feel lonely.  The third sub-type, acquisition as the pursuit of happiness, was not correlated with increased loneliness. This means that people who shop purely for the pleasure of owning nice things and not to fill a void or impress others are less likely to feel lonely as a result. When people use shopping as a way to fill a void or impress others, it can create a cycle of loneliness. They may buy things they don't need or can't afford, which can lead to increased stress and financial strain, further exacerbating feelings of loneliness.  The study's authors suggest that people who are prone to loneliness should be aware of their shopping behavior and try to find healthier ways to cope with their feelings. This could include reaching out to friends and family, volunteering in their community, or practicing mindfulness and meditation. The findings of this study have important implications for our society, which has become increasingly focused on material possessions and consumerism. By recognizing the link between materialism and loneliness, we can start to shift our values and priorities toward more meaningful and fulfilling pursuits. In conclusion, the University of Chicago's study shows that shopping can be a response to loneliness, but it can also contribute to feelings of loneliness. The study suggests that people who shop to fill a void or impress others are more likely to feel lonely as a result. By understanding the different sub-types of materialism and their impact on our well-being, we can start to make healthier choices and build more fulfilling lives.