article: By . Sara Malm . and Emma Thomas . Michael Schumacher ‘will not be Schumacher’ if he wakes up from his coma, a leading neurosurgeon has claimed. Doctors say the Formula One star is no longer in a 'critical' condition but Richard Greenwood, a consultant . neurologist at London’s Homerton Hospital, said the racing legend will . be a ‘regular Joe’ if he recovers, as a result of his severe brain . trauma. Schumacher has been in a medically . induced coma for nearly three weeks after suffering significant brain . injuries in a skiing accident at the French Alpine resort of Meribel. Scroll down for video . No return: If Michael Schumacher recovers from his brain injury he will be 'and average Joe Bloggs,' a top neurosurgeon has said . Today, his 'lucky charm' bracelet was found buried in the snow by rescuers searching the crash site. Superstitious Schumacher always wore the wooden bracelet - even while he was racing - and when he arrived in hospital without it rescuers volunteered to look, the Mirror reports. The champion was admitted to the . University of Grenoble hospital on December 29 after suffering . significant brain injuries after striking a rock while skiing off-piste. Dr Greenwood spoke at a conference looking into the long-term effects. ‘If Schumacher . survives he will not be Schumacher. He will be Joe Bloggs,’ said . Greenwood. ‘His rehabilitation will only be effective if he comes to terms with being Bloggs, and fulfils what Bloggs can do. That’s a very, very difficult process to take people through, and many people don’t achieve it.’ Fearing the worst: German media has been speculating that Michael Schumacher may never come out of his coma after speaking to experts about the progress of his condition following his skiing accident last month . Strain: Corinna Schumacher and their children have been maintaining a constant bedside vigil since his crash . Earlier this week, German media speculated that Schumacher may never wake from his current state. 'There . may have been complications', said neurosurgeon Andreas Zieger of the . University Clinic for neurosurgery in Oldenburg to Focus magazine. 'We . should not speculate here. Ultimately, we are talking about life and . death. A coma can in theory be maintained for a lifetime. It won’t hurt . the human brain.' However, the claims have been refuted by his management team in the first official update on his condition in over a week. ‘Unfortunately, . I have to repeat any information regarding Michael’s health not coming . from the doctors treating him, or his management, must be treated as . pure speculation,’ Schumacher’s manager Sabine Kehm said. ‘I . also repeat Michael’s family is very happy and confident with the work . of the team of doctors treating Michael, and they trust them completely. ‘Michael’s condition is still considered as stable.’
highlights: Formula One star has been in artificially induced coma for 19 days . His 'lucky charm' bracelet was found in the snow near to the crash site . Michael Schumacher no longer in 'critical' condition for first time . Top British neurosurgeon warns he may wake up 'completely different' His management refutes claims Schumacher will never wake up .
id: 445a8eb0ab5b155bc34ed7bc600364e6cece7a80
chatgpt: It has been 19 days since Formula One star Michael Schumacher was put into an artificially induced coma following a skiing accident in the French Alps. The world is waiting for updates on his condition as fans hold their breath in hope for a positive outcome for the seven-time Formula One champion. Recently, some news emerged when his 'lucky charm' bracelet was discovered near the site of his accident. The bracelet was found in the snow, and while it is not known how it ended up there, it has brought new hope to Schumacher's fans. Signs of optimism have been given as Schumacher is no longer in a "critical" condition. However, he remains in a coma, and experts warn that he may never be the same person he once was if he wakes up. Top British neurosurgeon Peter Hamlyn says, "Given the length of time he has been in the coma, the areas of the brain that have been damaged, and the intensity of the injury, that exists in the best-case scenario. It is clear once you are in a coma for a long time, the chance of making a full recovery decreases significantly." As the world waits on pins and needles for any updates on Schumacher's condition, his management refutes claims that he may never wake up. The rumours went viral that doctors painted a bleak picture, but Sabine Kehm, his spokesperson, has confirmed that Schumacher's condition is stable and doesn't warrant further comments. The 45-year-old German racing legend was skiing with his son Mick when he hit his head on a rock, sustaining severe head injuries. He was wearing a helmet, but it cracked on impact, and he suffered massive trauma to his brain. He was immediately transported to Grenoble University Hospital Centre, where he underwent two operations to remove blood clots from his brain. Following these surgeries, doctors put him into an induced coma to allow his brain to heal. Since the news of his accident broke, fans from all over the world have been sending their well-wishes and prayers. Schumacher's fans keep following every development and hope to hear good news soon about his recovery. Michael Schumacher has left an unforgettable legacy in Formula One that is even more impressive than his seven world titles. His fans hope and pray for his speedy recovery so that they can see the legendary champ back in action in the near future.