article: Sebastian Vettel's career with Ferrari is off to an encouraging start, with the German driver quickest in Formula One pre-season testing for the second day running. The four-time champion joined Ferrari after a miserable season with Red Bull last year. The German finished fifth overall, failed to win a race and secured only four podium finishes compared to 13 Grand Prix wins the previous season. Vettel clocked a best lap of 1 minute, 20.984 seconds on Monday - almost two seconds better than he managed on Sunday. New Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel tests out his car during pre-season in Jerez . The four-time world champion answers questions following his move from Red Bull . Vettel was fastest in testing for the second consecutive day with a best lap of 1 minute, 20.984 seconds . Sauber driver Felipe Nasr of Brazil was second best in 1:21.867 and Williams driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland third quickest in 1:22.319. Defending champion Lewis Hamilton was fourth fastest in Mercedes and cut short his session about an hour before the end. Meanwhile, Red Bull principal Christian Horner has revealed that the team's 'camouflage' car was inspired by Vettel. Reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton was fourth fastest in his Mercedes . British driver Hamilton cut short his training session about an hour before the end . The black-and-white livery design is visually refractive, ensuring rivals face a tough time trying to ascertain the car's aerodynamics. Horner has conceded the idea was spawned by Vettel's helmet design seen over the course of the Italian Grand Prix weekend last year. Horner said: 'Seb's helmet was quite fun, so we thought it would be interesting to extend that concept to the rest of the car. Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo drives the 'camouflage car' during testing on Sunday . Team chief Christian Horner revealed the car design was inspired by one of Sebastian Vettel's helmets . 'Dietrich (Mateschitz, owner) liked it when he saw it, and it epitomises Red Bull that we like to do things a bit differently. 'To see a Red Bull in a different livery is striking and it makes it difficult to get detailed photographs of the car, as it confuses the eyeline, at a time of year when we're all trying to be as secretive as we possibly can. 'But it's obviously had a great reaction.
highlights: Sebastian Vettel joined Ferrari from Red Bull ahead of the new F1 season . Four-time world champion was fastest during pre-season testing in Jerez . Reigning champion Lewis Hamilton was fourth fastest with Mercedes . CLICK HERE for all the latest F1 news .
id: ec999684209ee6c8ef66f6bc3f37ee7d7d8f631b
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel, the four-time Formula One world champion, has made a stunning start with Ferrari as he emerged as the fastest driver during pre-season testing in Jerez. The German driver, who joined the Italian team from Red Bull ahead of the new F1 season, set the benchmark with an impressive time of 1:20.984. He was closely followed by his new teammate Kimi Räikkönen, who was just 0.157 seconds slower than Vettel.  These results are a positive sign for Ferrari as they look to turn around their fortunes after a disappointing year in 2014. The team finished fourth in the constructors' championship, behind Mercedes, Red Bull, and Williams. Vettel's arrival has injected fresh impetus into the team, and the early signs are promising.  In contrast, defending champion Lewis Hamilton could only manage the fourth fastest time with his Mercedes team. Hamilton, who won eleven races last season on his way to his second world championship, will be looking to make a stronger impression as he seeks to defend his crown in 2015. His teammate Nico Rosberg, who finished as runner-up to Hamilton last year, was sixth fastest.  Despite the early indications, Vettel remains cautious about Ferrari's chances in the upcoming F1 season. "It's too early to say where we are, we didn't look too much at the lap times," he said after the testing session. "But we got a lot of mileage, which is important."  Fans can keep up to date with all the latest F1 news, including testing times and driver interviews, through the official website of the championship. There is also a dedicated news section which provides up-to-the-minute coverage of all the developments in the world of motorsport.  The next round of pre-season testing will take place in Barcelona next week, providing teams with another opportunity to fine-tune their cars ahead of the season opener in Australia on March 15. It remains to be seen whether Vettel and Ferrari can build on their impressive start and challenge Mercedes for the title in 2015.  Overall, the testing session in Jerez provided fans with an exciting glimpse of what lies ahead in the new season. With a number of driver changes and a host of new technical regulations, it promises to be a fascinating year in Formula One.