article: Sashaying out of the Dorchester Hotel in London last night, the Duchess of York made sure all eyes were on her - and her figure-hugging black leather dress. Cinched in at the waist and paired with black heels, it showed off her newly slimline figure to maximum effect. The Duchess was at the hotel's China Tang restaurant to celebrate the birthday of old friend Sir David Tang, who joined her as she left the building alongside other guests. Scroll down for video . All eyes were on Fergie as she left the Dorchester hotel last night in a racy black leather dress . The Hong Kong businessman is well known on the social scene and owns the high end Dorchester hotel as well as having interests in fashion. The Duchess, who recently celebrated her 55th birthday, has endured a very public battle with her weight over the years. Now slimmer than ever, she showed off a toned set of biceps in the sleeveless dress and wore her glossy mane of red hair youthfully loose. Chatting happily with Sir David and other guests, the Duchess appeared on cheerful form, which based on recent events, she had good reason to be. The Duchess opted to forgo a jacket despite the chilly evening, showing off her slimline figure to full effect . Fergie left with the birthday boy Sir David Tang, who wore a rather dashing maroon velvet jacket . Fergie seemed in good spirits as she left the meal, chatting animatedly with Sir Tang and other guests . Along with winning her battle against the bulge, the mother-of-two has relaunched her literary career, in another bid to boost her finances. Her new book, Fergie's Farm, is based on her childhood in the Hampshire countryside, featuring a band of friendly farmyard characters. More good news came her way when the Queen allowed her to hold a charity gala at Windsor Castle - a sign, say royal watchers, of a return to the fold. The 55-year-old looked noticeably thinner than we have seen her in previous years . Gone were the more dowdy clothes we have become used to seeing on the mother-of-two . Accessorising only with a simple black crocodile clutch bag, small stud earrings and a watch Fergie seemed to have had a good evening .
highlights: The Duchess of York, 55, joined friends for a birthday dinner . Party was hosted by Sir David Tang at the Dorchester Hotel . Fergie opted for a daring sleeveless leather dress for the event .
id: 94a0ef61dc8bcc4fb33a76fcf741bed9cc6503e8
chatgpt: The Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, turned heads as she stepped out for a friend's birthday dinner at the Dorchester Hotel in London. The 55-year-old was seen enjoying the party hosted by prominent businessman Sir David Tang, and opted for a daring sleeveless leather dress that showcased her toned arms and impeccable style sense. Fergie's sleek dress was a statement piece, hugging her curves and featuring a high neck collar. The eye-catching outfit was paired with black stiletto heels and minimal jewelry, allowing her dress to make the bold statement. The Duchess was joined by close friends and loved ones, and the group appeared to be having a great time as they enjoyed the delectable cuisine, danced to lively tunes and engaged in cheerful conversations. This is not the first time the Duchess has opted for a daring look. She has often made headlines with her bold, unconventional fashion choices that have challenged the traditional dress codes of the Royal Family. Fergie, who was married to Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, from 1986 to 1996, has worked tirelessly over the years to establish her own identity outside of the royal institution. She has dedicated herself to various philanthropic causes, including children's charities, and continues to be an inspiration to many. It is clear that the Duchess has not lost her touch, and her bold fashion statement at the birthday dinner only reinforces her status as a trendsetter. She has proved time and again that age is just a number, and one can look fashionable and elegant at any age. As the evening drew to a close, the Duchess said her goodbyes and left the party. Her friends and admirers alike couldn't help but marvel at her style, grace and confidence. Overall, the Duchess of York's attendance at Sir David Tang's birthday dinner was a sight to behold, and one that will surely be remembered for years to come. Her daring leather dress showcased her impeccable taste, brave spirit and timeless elegance, and proved that even after all these years, she continues to be a formidable force to be reckoned with.