article: DELHI, India (CNN)  -- India is on high alert after a series of near-simultaneous explosions killed at least 60 people and wounded 150 others in a top tourist spot, government and local officials told CNN-IBN. An injured man rests at Swai Man Singh Hospital in Jaipur. Bicycles and rickshaws were strewn about the streets, with pools of blood nearby, in the northwestern city of Jaipur. Motorcycles, pieces of which were found at nearly every bomb site, appear to have been used in the attacks, said Rajasthan Home Minister Gulab Chand Kataria. There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but Indian government officials -- including Minister of State for Home Affairs Shriprakash Jaiswal -- were quick to label it a terrorist attack. The eight explosions started at about 7:30 p.m. (1400 GMT) and detonated within 12 minutes of each other, police said. The bombs exploded within about 500 meters (0.3 mile) of each other in Jaipur's old city, which is frequented by tourists.  See the aftermath of the explosions. » . An ninth bomb was defused, according to H.G. Raghavendra, a Jaipur city official. He described all the bombs as "medium intensity." "There is no reason to panic," he told CNN-IBN. "Everything is under control." One blast struck near Hanuman Temple, which was crowded with Hindus worshipping Hanuman, the religion's monkey god. Another struck near a market area inside Jaipur's walled city where tourists and locals frequent restaurants and shops. Jaipur, known as the "pink city," is about 260 kilometers (160 miles) southwest of India's capital, New Delhi. Many of the casualties were taken to SMS Hospital, the largest government hospital in Jaipur. People gathered outside the hospital to hear news about friends and relatives; the hospital issued an urgent appeal for blood donations. The state of Rajasthan, where Jaipur is located, was placed on alert, local officials said. Delhi police officials said they too were on high alert after the blasts and were receiving regular updates from Jaipur on developments in the investigation. The Deputy Chief Minister for the state of Maharashtra, R.R. Patil, said the entire state was also on high alert. Mumbai is in the state of Maharashtra. The attack was immediately condemned by the United States. U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the attacks were "quite clearly an act intended to take innocent lives." He told reporters at his daily briefing that Washington was still collecting information, and could not "offer insight into who may be responsible." According to the U.S. State Department, India ranks among the countries where terrorism is most common. "The conflict in Jammu and Kashmir, attacks by extreme leftist Naxalites and Maoists in eastern and central India, assaults by ethno-linguistic nationalists in the northeastern states, and terrorist strikes nationwide by Islamic extremists took more than 2,300 lives this year," the agency said. It said India's counterterrorism efforts "are hampered by outdated and overburdened law enforcement and legal systems," and described the country's court system as "slow, laborious, and prone to corruption."
highlights: Eight quickfire explosions kill at least 60 people in northwest Indian city . Bombs explode within 12 minutes of each other, 150 people also wounded . Explosions within a small radius in Jaipur's old city, popular with tourists . Motorcycles appear to have been used in the attacks, state minister says .
id: dc8ce4207b91a323bf6e2fbab889efeed22aa428
chatgpt: At least 60 people were killed, and nearly 150 people were injured in a series of eight bomb explosions that occurred within a radius of a few kilometers in Jaipur's old city. The blasts happened within just 12 minutes of each other and appear to have targeted heavily tourist areas. Mass panic gripped the Pink City on Tuesday evening when explosives detonated, causing immediate chaos and destruction. The initial reports indicate that the blasts were carried out by a group of terrorists using motorcycles, leaving a trail of devastation in their wake. The explosions were set off in busy markets where people were out shopping for the evening, as well as near the iconic Hawa Mahal (Palace of Winds), a popular site visited by many tourists. The sites that saw the explosions were all crowded markets, known for their vibrant lanes and colorful street shops. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has condemned the attack on social media, saying that the "modus operandi and the locations of the blasts suggest that it is a terrorist attack." A high-level investigation has been launched into the matter, and concerns are now growing about the safety of Jaipur's bustling tourist spot. According to local authorities, the security systems in the city were on high alert after the recent general election, but the blasts appear to have been timed to evade them. The attacks immediately sparked protests from locals who demanded justice and protection from the authorities. Many feel that the government's promises of better security have failed, as India continues to face terror attacks with increasing regularity. State authorities have vowed not to rest until the culprits are identified and brought to justice. The Rajasthan government has announced that it will provide compensation to the families of the deceased and those injured in the attacks. The attacks on Jaipur, while not the first of their kind in India, have highlighted the urgent need for increased security throughout the country. On the one hand, India is grappling with economic development, but on the other hand, it is still fighting a war against terrorism. This attack will impact the tourism industry in Jaipur, which heavily relies on visitors. According to experts, the blasts seem to be a deliberate attempt to target the city's tourist industry, which is worth millions of dollars each year. This attack comes as a major blow to the state's tourism industry, which has already been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic. In the meanwhile, people in Jaipur have expressed their sadness and anger at the attacks, with many expressing their condolences to those who lost their loved ones. They have vowed to stand strong and fight, refusing to give in to the fear and terror disturbing their peaceful lives. The Jaipur explosions serve as a stark reminder of the urgent need for governments, both local and federal, to invest in upgrading security systems in vulnerable areas, particularly those that attract large numbers of foreigners or tourists. Until such measures are taken, India remains susceptible to similar attacks in the future.