article: England's chosen ones are off to Portugal for a training camp ahead of the World Cup in Brazil, and are all smiles on the plane before the biggest tournament of their lives. Sitting on specially-designed Three Lions seats, Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge posted a picture on his Twitter page with Jack Wilshere and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. Stuck in the middle: Daniel Sturridge poses with Arsenal stars Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jack Wilshere . Chilled: Raheem Sterling relaxes in the background as Oxlade-Chamberlain and Sturridge get together . May 19: Leave for Portugal training camp . May 30: England v Peru, Wembley, 8pm . June 4: England v Ecuador, Miami, 8pm . June 7: England v Honduras, Miami, 9.45pm . June 8: Fly to Brazil . June 14: England v Italy, Group D, Manaus, 11pm . Roy Hodgson’s 23-man squad, plus John . Stones and Jon Flanagan, will convene at the prestigious Vale do Lobo . resort to begin their preparations for Brazil. He said: 'Chilling on the plane with @JackWilshere and @Alex_OxChambo looking forward to the training camp.' Oxlade-Chamberlain then posted a picture of him sat next to Sturridge with a relaxed looking Raheem Sterling in the background, saying: 'On the plane with @D_Sturridge and @sterling31 ready for the training camp in Portugal.' England face Peru at Wembley on Friday, May 30 for their first warm-up game, before facing Ecuador in Miami on June 4, two days after all teams must name their final 23-man squads for the competition. Honduras will be their opponents in their last preparation friendly on June 7 before flying to Brazil the next day. Push: Rooney works hard in the Algarve with one of the fitness trainers accompanying him . Quick work: Rooney takes part in sprints during his session in the glorious Algarve sunshine . Watching on: Rooney is watched by his four-year-old son Kai on the pitch in Portugal . Put it there: Rooney gives his son a high five at the end of the training session . They start their World Cup campaign in Manaus on June 14 against Italy. England were given a thunderous send-off by the Kaiser Chiefs at their charity ball on Sunday night. The Lions and Roses dinner, which was held at the Grove Hotel in Hertfordshire, marked the starting point for the country’s World Cup preparations. Wayne Rooney is already out in Portugal, and took two fitness coaches with him on holiday to the Algarve and showed he meant business in a 90-second video uploaded on his official Facebook page. I predict a riot: Kaiser Chiefs performed for the England squad at the charity gala . The Liverpool Boys: Daniel Sturridge tweeted this picture with Sterling, Henderson and Flanagan . Prepared: Danny Welbeck (centre) joins keepers Joe Hart and Fraser Forster at the charity event .
highlights: Liverpool pair Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling pose with Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on the plane to Vale do Lobo . England will join up with Wayne Rooney, who is already out in Portugal . Roy Hodgson's side face Peru on May 30 for their first preparation game .
id: 261127e468e3af87eff409e73fb8df482a62d33f
chatgpt: Four high-profile Premier League footballers have been snapped on a plane ride to Vale do Lobo, where England's football team is set to kickoff its World Cup preparations. Liverpool's Raheem Sterling and Daniel Sturridge were pictured alongside Arsenal's pairing of Jack Wilshere and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.  The Liverpool duo will be raring to go and play their part for England, with striker Sturridge having just secured second place in the Premier League's goal scoring charts after netting 21 goals for his team. The striker will look to replicate those performances in Brazil and help England go as far as they can. Sterling, on the other hand, has had a breakthrough season for Liverpool, earning a call up to England's provisional squad as a result. Fans will be hoping to see more of the talented winger's elusive runs and quick feet in Brazil. Wilshere and Oxlade-Chamberlain represent Arsene Wenger's Arsenal in the group of players. Wilshere has recently seen a surge of form, including his first goals in almost three years for Arsenal in May. The midfielder's form is a welcome boost for England, particularly considering the injury crisis the national team has suffered in midfield. Oxlade-Chamberlain, who also plays for Arsenal, will be looking for a similar boost after his return from a serious injury earlier this year. England's strongest player, Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney, is already out in Portugal and is preparing himself for England's first match on May 30 against Peru. Rooney has played a pivotal role for England and will be desperate to lead his team to success in Brazil. England's World Cup opponents are Italy, Costa Rica and Uruguay, and fans will no doubt be hoping to see victories in all three games if England want to progress further in the tournament. The match against Peru is an important chance for Roy Hodgson's England to find their best form and test themselves against strong opposition ahead of the World Cup. Hodgson is likely to experiment with the team selection and tactics and gauge the fitness levels of his players to ensure they are ready for the battle ahead. England's World Cup preparations have been disrupted by injuries to key players, most notably Arsenal's Theo Walcott, Manchester United's Phil Jones and Everton's Ross Barkley. This has given youths such as Sterling and Liverpool's Jon Flanagan a chance to shine and stake their claim for a starting berth. World Cup fever is set to grip the nation as the big kick-off in Brazil approaches, and England's early preparation games are likely to provide a taster of what the team has to offer on the global stage. Fans will be hoping that their team brings home the trophy for the first time since 1966, and with the likes of Rooney, Sturridge, and Oxlade-Chamberlain in the squad, there is certainly reason for optimism.