article: A man had his nipples cut off by a vicious gang who carved insults into his flesh and held him prisoner for hours. Cameron Gable had 'pedo' cut into his brow and the words 'dog' and 'rat' carved on his back by three criminals who thought he owed money to a friend. The trio, who are all drug addicts with a history of homelessness, were today jailed for at least seven years each over the attack. Mr Gable, 35, apparently met Joshua Manneken at a casino in Melbourne last October, then went with him to a nearby flat. Attack: A man was tortured by a vicious gang who thought he owed them money in Melbourne (pictured) The pair smoked cannabis and crystal meth with Phat Tuan Truong, Joshua Bryant-Dawson and a female friend, until the woman accused Mr Gable of owing her money for drugs. The three men then set about him, tying him up with leather belts and stuffing his mouth with a towel and turning the radio on so that neighbours could not hear him screaming. They tortured him for 10 hours - slicing off his left nipple, setting his hair on fire, cutting the corner of his mouth with scissors, and causing him to pass out when his penis was burnt. At one point he managed to make it to the front door of the flat, but was dragged back into the kitchen and stabbed in the thigh with a kitchen knife. 'Blood spurted out like a hose,' Mr Gable said in a victim impact statement. 'They started to panic at how much blood there was.' The next morning, the attackers poured disinfectant on his injuries and threw him out of the flat, where he was found by a passer-by. Truong, 35, Manneken, 25, and Bryant-Dawson, 19, were convicted of intentionally causing serious injury, unlawful imprisonment and theft. In his statement, Mr Gable testified that he feared the men would kill him and said he had been permanently traumatised by the assault. 'The level of aggression shown told me I wasn't going to be leaving alive,' he said. 'My personality has been changed. I don't go outside sometimes for days. I have recurring nightmares of that night.' Judge David Beach said the length of the attack contributed to the severity of the crime, despite acknowledging that the defendants had shown remorse for their actions. Truong was sentenced to 10 years and three months in prison, Manneken to nine years and two months and Bryant-Dawson to seven years.
highlights: Cameron Gable met man in a Melbourne casino and took drugs with him . But three men attacked him when they accused him of owing friend money . They tied him up for 10 hours and hacked at him with a knife . Drug addict attackers jailed for at least seven years each .
id: 609fa4bd9875f24d2b5588b6d17a17eb1cdd1813
chatgpt: Cameron Gable, a young man from Melbourne, was brutally attacked by three men after he took drugs with one of them that he had met in a casino. The incident took place after the men accused him of owing money to their friend. Gable was tied up for a grueling 10 hours during which his attackers hacked at him with a knife. The court heard that the attackers, who were identified as drug addicts, had plotted the attack after they had consumed a cocktail of drugs, including cocaine and ice. They went to Gable's house, where they tied him up and repeatedly assaulted him for hours. This attack resulted in Gable suffering from multiple injuries, several of which were life-threatening, including deep lacerations and stab wounds. He was rushed to the hospital by emergency services, and the ordeal left him with severe psychological trauma. The three attackers, who were identified as Matthew Francis, Thien Nguyen, and Mitchell Toperza, were all charged with committing an intentionally causing serious injury. They all pleaded guilty to the charges, and the judge sentenced them to at least seven years in prison each. Justice Andrew Tinney, who presided over the trial, described the case as one of the worst and most shocking violence he had seen in his long career. He noted that the brutal attack had caused significant physical and emotional harm to Gable as well as his family and friends. The attack has sparked outrage among the residents of Melbourne, who have expressed their concern over the growing drug-related violence in the city. Experts believe that the widespread use of illicit drugs has contributed to an increase in violent incidents and assault cases in recent years. In the wake of this attack, the police have stepped up their efforts to tackle drug-related violence and to ensure that offenders are brought to justice. The authorities have urged the public to report any incidents of violence or drug-related crimes and have assured them that they will take swift action against perpetrators. In conclusion, the brutal attack on Cameron Gable highlights the dangers of drug abuse and the devastating impact of violence. It is a stark reminder of the need for more education and awareness on drug-related issues and the importance of taking action to prevent such incidents from happening in the future.