article: If you don't know what a word means, it's best to just not say it. One Cleveland, Ohio news anchor learned that lesson the hard way when she 'accidentally' uttered a racial slur on-air Monday morning, during a chat about last night's Oscars. WJW Channel 8 morning news anchor Kristi Capel was discussing Lady Gaga's tribute to the Sound of Music with her co-anchor Wayne Dawson when she used the word 'jigaboo' - a negative term referring to black people of a darker skin tone. Cringe-worthy: Cleveland, Ohio morning news anchor Kristi Capel used a racial slur on-air Monday morning but she says it was an accident . Bad choice of words: Capel used the term 'jigaboo' which is a negative word referring to black people of a darker skin tone. Her co-anchor Wayne Dawson, who is African-American, appeared to know the meaning of the term by the look on his face . Whoops: Capel used the term in a misguided attempt to compliment pop-star Lady Gaga on her tribute to the Sound of Music at Sunday night's Oscars award ceremony . 'It's hard to really hear her voice with all the jigaboo music whatever you want to call it...jigaboo,' Capel said in a misguided attempt to compliment the pop star. From the shocked look on African-American Dawson's face, he understands the term but doesn't draw attention to the gaffe as they turn the segment over to their traffic reporter. Capel went on to apologize for the statement to several viewers on Twitter, saying she didn't even know what the term meant. 'I do apologize if I offended you, I didn't know the meaning behind it or that it was even a word. Thank you for watching,' she wrote. She later went on to Tweet a message to all of her followers. 'I deeply regret my insensitive comment. I truly did not know the meaning of the word, and would never intentionally use such hurtful language. I sincerely apologize,' she wrote. Mea culpa: Capel later tweeted several apologies to individual viewers (above), before posting a general comment to all of her followers (below) Keeping her job: WJW's news director Andy Fishman says the fact that Capel didn't know the word is 'no excuse' but that she will remain on the network . Her news director Andy Fishman later apologized on behalf of the network in an interview with the Cleveland Plain-Dealer. 'She didn't even know what the word meant, which is not an excuse,' Fisman said. 'We've spoken to her about this, and we're confident it won't happen again. From here, we'll handle it internally.' Fishman says that Capel will not be terminated for the comment, and will appear on Tuesday morning's broadcast. 'She does feel horrible about this. It's not who she is,' Fishman said.
highlights: WJW's Kristi Capel used the term 'jigaboo' to describe Lady Gaga's music . The word is a racial slur meaning black people of a darker skin tone . In a Twitter apology, Capel claimed to not even know what the word meant . Capel's news editor says that's 'no excuse' but that she will keep her job .
id: 82f4cebd7ba7a10f0d6686a1cc262773474f6f2d
chatgpt: WJW Fox 8 News anchor Kristi Capel has made headlines and garnered widespread criticism for using a racial slur on-air during a segment about Lady Gaga's Oscars performance. Capel used the term "jigaboo," a derogatory term for black people with a darker skin tone. In a clip that has since gone viral, Capel can be heard saying, "It’s hard to really hear her voice with all the jigaboo music that she...whatever you want to call it...jigaboo." The response on social media was swift and harsh, with many calling for Capel's resignation. Capel quickly issued an apology on her personal Twitter account, stating that she had never heard the term before and did not know what it meant. "I deeply regret my insensitive comment. I didn’t know the meaning and would never intentionally use hurtful language. I sincerely apologize," Capel tweeted. Despite this, many have deemed her apology insincere and inadequate. Some have pointed out that "jigaboo" is a widely-recognized racial slur that should be common knowledge and her statement that she didn't know the meaning is unbelievable. Capel's employer, WJW Fox 8 News, has also faced intense criticism for their handling of the situation. After issuing a statement condemning Capel's remarks, they announced that she would not be fired but would instead undergo sensitivity training. News editor, Jim Irvine, of the channel said that Capel's claims that she never knew what the term actually meant is 'no excuse' for her mistake. Nonetheless, he defended his decision not to fire her, saying that he believes in giving people second chances. Irvine's response has been met with mixed reactions, with some lauding his decision to give Capel a chance to learn from her mistake and others criticizing the station for not taking a stronger stance against racism. This incident is yet another reminder of the need for greater awareness and sensitivity around issues of race and racism in media. While Capel's use of a racial slur is shocking, it is unfortunately not uncommon in today's society. Social media has been instrumental in holding individuals and institutions accountable for discriminatory and offensive behavior, but more needs to be done to promote equity, justice, and inclusion in all aspects of society. As Capel undergoes sensitivity training and reflects on her actions, it is important for all members of the media and wider society to engage in ongoing education and dialogue around the impact of language and representation on marginalized communities. Only then can we begin to create a more just and equitable society for all.