article: A teenager's attempt to take his friend's attractive mother to the prom has been foiled by his school - after the boy's online campaign to make it happen swept across the internet. Virginia high school student Anthony Pinnisi took to Twitter on Thursday night asking people to 'help a dude out' with a series of racy images of his friend's mother. The senior at Patriot High School in the Virginia suburbs of Washington DC, had asked his friend Chloe Albright if he could take her mother to the prom if he got enough online support. After his friend said 500,000 retweets would be required, and expressed her doubts that he could achieve this total, Pinnisi posted the conversation to Twitter with the images of Chloe's mother. Challenge accepted: A Virginia teen recently started an online campaign to ask his friend's mom (left) out to prom . Tweet: Pinnisi tweeted these images of his conversation with Chloe and photographs of her mother . Looking for a date: Anthony Pinnisi (left) asked his friend Chloe (right) how many Twitter re-tweets he would need to take her mom out to prom and she said 500,000.  He amassed 80,000 in just a 24 hour period, before he was forced by his school to take the tweet down . But after 80,000 people retweeted his post, school officials stepped in and told him to stop his online campaign. His friend also seemed to be unimpressed at his antics - and the thoughts of her mother are unknown. Many Twitter users found Anthony's elaborate prom proposal hilarious, but others called him out for being inappropriate. Chloe, for one, didn't seem to find it too amusing. Criticism: Some called Anthony out for being inappropriate on Twitter, but many also found the campaign humorous . Campaign over: Above, the tweet Anthony wrote after his school asked him to take the tweet down . Prom date? Pictures of Chloe's mom that the young girl posted to her personal Twitter account . Not funny: Chloe didn't seem to impressed by Anthony's online campaign, as evidenced by this tweet . Mother and daughter: Chloe posted this picture of her and her mother on vacation to Twitter, shortly before Anthony's online campaign started .
highlights: Virginia high-schooler Anthony Pinnisi jokingly asked his friend Chloe if he could take her mother to prom . Chloe said he could, if he got 500,000 re-tweets on Twitter . The teen accepted the challenge and got more than 80,000 re-tweets in just 24 hours before he was forced to take the tweet down by his school .
id: 383924fad9d162fda2801001d2d8c263108cfaa8
chatgpt: A Virginia high-schooler's quest for prom date took an unusual turn when he was challenged to get 500,000 retweets on Twitter. Anthony Pinnisi jokingly asked his friend Chloe if he could take her mother to prom. To his surprise, Chloe gave him a condition that he could take her mother to prom, provided he got the stipulated number of retweets on Twitter. Unfazed by the challenge, Anthony accepted it with grit and determination. Within no time, his plea to take Chloe's mother to the prom went viral, garnering more than 80,000 retweets in just 24 hours. Unfortunately, this feat of Internet stardom was short-lived as Anthony was forced to take down his tweet by school authorities. The high school's social media policy forbids students from using social media platforms to contact non-school personnel during school hours. Although his tweet was harmless, Anthony was made to take it down to avoid any potential violation of school policy. Despite this, the teenager took this setback in stride, even alleging that the situation had made him more famous. Anthony's adventure into the world of social media may have begun as a joke, but it quickly became a viral sensation. His plea to take Chloe's mother to prom made headlines across the web, and soon people from all over the world were cheering him on. Some even shared their own prom horror stories, commiserating with the teenager's plight. While this may seem like a trivial issue, it highlights the power and reach of social media in today's world. What started as a simple joke between friends quickly escalated, capturing the attention of millions of people. Social media can be a great tool for connecting with others and sharing ideas, but it is also a platform that requires caution and responsibility. In conclusion, Anthony Pinnisi's quest for prom date with his friend's mother was a hilarious and heartwarming tale of determination and humor. While his tweet was ultimately taken down, the teenager will always be remembered for his internet stardom and the remarkable sway of social media.