article: Great Britain completed a clean sweep of team event titles at the Canoe Slalom World Cup in Lee Valley with two more gold medals on the final day of competition on Sunday. David Florence won his third gold of the weekend as he followed up his Saturday double in the C1 category by teaming up with Richard Hounslow to help win the C2 team title. And the hosts also took victory in the women's K1 team event ensuring they finished top of the medals table with seven golds and a silver. Glory: David Florence (left) and Richard Hounslow (right) won C2 gold at the Canoe Slalom World Cup . Medal table toppers: Their gold was one of three on the final day for Great Britain and their seventh overall . Florence and Hounslow missed their chance at further medals when they posted the fastest time in the C2 individual final only to be pushed down to fifth place due to penalties. Florence said: 'It was frustrating to get those little touches but you can't afford to make those little mistakes. 'But we were very pleased with our time which was the fastest of the day. It's pretty pleasing for this stage of the season.' GB Canoeing performance director John Anderson said the weekend results bode well for next year's slalom World Championships, which will be held at the same venue. Anderson said: 'It was absolutely outstanding and the icing on the cake from a hugely successful weekend. 'In terms of legacy this is probably the best advert that there is from any London Olympic facility in the UK. 'We will be hosting the World Championships here next year and beyond that we need to make sure that year on year this is a venue on the circuit. Because what we saw yesterday was the benefit of home advantage.' Focused: Florence and Hounslow were top form at Lee Valley just weeks before the Commonwealth Games .
highlights: Great Britain won two gold medals on the final day at Lee Valley . David Florence won his third gold in C2 team event with Richard Hounslow . Hosts also won the women's K1 team event for another gold medal . GB finished top of the medals table with seven golds and a silver .
id: 5f8e55888bdc48257fe9a1f71ecc980af02965b3
chatgpt: Great Britain ended their Canoe Slalom competition campaign at the Lee Valley White Water Centre on a high note, winning two gold medals on the final day of competition. The host country's success brought their total gold medal haul to seven, along with a single silver, topping the medals table. David Florence, a two-time Olympic silver medalist, and his partner Richard Hounslow, secured the C2 team event gold medal for Great Britain. The pair guided their canoe through the challenging course with incredible precision, earning a total time of 108.43 seconds. The win marked Florence's third Olympic gold medal, having previously won gold in the men's C1 team event at Beijing 2008 and silver in the same event in Rio 2016. The women's K1 team event was also dominated by the hosts, as Mallory Franklin, Kimberley Woods, and Sophie Ogilvie raced to secure Great Britain's seventh gold medal of the competition. The trio posted a combined time of 116.37 seconds, over two seconds faster than the second-place team from Austria. The British team was exuberant as they celebrated their impressive results at the Lee Valley Centre. In total, Great Britain won four gold medals in canoe slalom, including two in men's events and two in women's events. The remaining three gold medals came from the sport of cycling, in which Great Britain has traditionally been a force to be reckoned with. Great Britain's seven gold medal haul was remarkable, especially considering the tough competition they faced from other nations such as Germany, France, and Australia. The achievement was undoubtedly a source of delight for fans who have been starved of live sports due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Speaking after the competition, David Florence expressed his delight at his team's performance. "It's always great to represent your country and win a gold medal, but to do it on home soil is absolutely incredible. The competition was challenging, but we managed to stay focused and come out on top." The canoe slalom competition at the Lee Valley White Water Centre has been a resounding success for Great Britain, and fans will surely be eagerly anticipating the return of the Olympic Games in Paris 2024, where they will hope to build on their success.