article: A council candidate's campaign poster - which urges residents to 'vote for the black guy' - has sparked a race debate within an Adelaide community. African-born Nkweto Nkamba is vying to be the representative for the Parks ward on the Port Adelaide-Enfield council - in Adelaide's north-west - and wanted a way to stand out from the crowd. Against the advice of friends who thought 'it wasn't a good idea', Mr Nkamba - also known as NK - went ahead with the idea of using the memorable slogan. African-born Nkweto Nkamba is vying to be the representative for the Parks ward - in Adelaide's north-west - and wanted a way to stand out from the crowd . But he was adamant the posters were not racially motivated and so far it had attracted a good response. 'I think it's an education [for] society of what racist is,' he told ABC Radio. 'I'm actually coming out in a humble way, I'm an easy-going guy, if you like me, vote for me.' The posters have earned him so much recognition that strangers have even started stopping him on the street, with some asking him to pose in photos with them. His poster has sparked a debate in the community, with some asking if it was politically correct . 'This guy comes out of his house, I don't even know him, and he's like, "Hey, it's the black guy",' Mr Nkamba told 7News with a laugh. Supporters have also taken to the 32-year-old's Facebook page to voice their amusement at the tongue-in-cheek campaign. 'I love the humour, a light way to look at serious issues,' Eugenia Torrealba wrote. Julie Pearce said: 'If you were in my area NK I'd vote for ya, but then I think you already know that.' But some residents have questioned whether or not the posters were politically correct. 'The world you live in now, you can't say "black" anymore, can you? Can you still say that?' one voter told 7News. But Mr Nkamba said the response has been generally positive within the Port Adelaide-Enfield community . Mr Nkamba - who works an accountant - said he had moved to Australia to fulfil his long-desired dream to study overseas. 'I learnt of this beautiful place and it's the best decision I ever made. I feel really appreciated and loved in this country,' he told ABC Radio . In his candidate profile, Mr Nkamba said he aimed to install more CCTV camera, stop hooning and illegal dumping as well as keep up the maintenance of public places and streets. 'Once the appearance of our neighbourhood is degraded, it's an invitation to crime,' he wrote. 'By this voluntary service, I want to show my gratitude to Australia for taking me in as a migrant... and [I] think our area has huge potential if sensibly managed by people who care for it.' Voting for South Australia's local government election will be done by post and closes in November.
highlights: Nkweto Nkamba is vying for a seat on the Port Adelaide-Enfield council . Originally from Africa, the accountant wanted a creative way to stand out . The 32-year-old said he had been receiving a good response from people . 'I'm an easy-going guy, if you like me, vote for me,' Mr Nkamba said .
id: f1e4bfebf3b329172c8da08e4749f7cc6a9dba94
chatgpt: Nkweto Nkamba is a 32-year-old accountant originally from Africa who is looking to secure a seat on the Port Adelaide-Enfield council. He is looking to stand out from the other candidates by doing something creative, and so far his efforts seem to be paying off. Many people are getting behind Mr. Nkamba's campaign thanks to his friendly and easy-going nature. He has been telling potential voters that if they like him, they should vote for him. According to Mr. Nkamba himself, he has been receiving a good response from the community. Mr. Nkamba posits that his unique perspective on the issues facing both Port Adelaide and the wider Adelaide Enfield region will be an asset in representing the community. With a background in accounting, he believe that he will bring a fresh set of eyes and a new way of thinking to council matters. The accountant is determined to listen to the concerns that people have, and he sees himself as a go-between for the community and the council. Mr. Nkamba also wants to ensure that the council is more transparent given the disappointment that many residents have expressed over council decisions. As a resident himself, Mr. Nkamba has a vested interest in ensuring that the council is making decisions that benefit the community as a whole. He believes that it is time for the council to be more proactive in its approach to addressing problems. Mr. Nkamba is one of several candidates looking to secure a seat on the Port Adelaide-Enfield Council. But unlike some of the other candidates, he is willing to be more outspoken about what he believes needs to be done to improve the lives of residents in the area. With a growing amount of support from the community, Mr. Nkamba's campaign is looking more promising by the day. He has promised to do what he can to represent the community's best interests and to make sure that the council is held accountable for its decisions. As election day draws nearer, it is clear that Mr. Nkamba is beginning to emerge as a serious contender for a seat on the Port Adelaide-Enfield council. While he may be relatively new to politics, he is already making waves thanks to his unique perspective and willingness to listen to the community.