article: By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 10:15 EST, 3 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:02 EST, 3 July 2012 . It might set Piano Man Elton John rocking new melodies or send Beethoven batty, but for one pianist this baby grand will literally move with their music. The world’s only rocking piano is up for auction this weekend and expected to fetch a swinging £1500. The modified, one-off baby grand piano called Chichi was created by award-winning British designer Sarah Davenport Design with a specially made wooden frame which surrounds the instrument and encompasses the seat and pedals. Scroll down for video . Rock while you roll: The revolutionary design of this modified baby grand piano allows the player to literally move with the music . Captive audience: Kay Tedford (pictured) from John Pye Auctioneers had a wobbly start when she first tickled the ivories. The musician can rock while they play, a revolutionary way of interacting with this interesting instrument. It is under the hammer by auctioneers John Pye and Sons in Nottingham with bidding open from July 7 to 9. Kay Tedford from John Pye Auctioneers said: ‘I was very excited when I found out we had the piano up for auction. ‘I’m . a self-taught pianist but I can play well so I got straight on and had a . go - and nearly fell off because I wasn’t ready for it to rock!’ Music in motion: Created by award winning British designer Sarah Davenport Design, this wacky instrument is expected to sell for £1500 . Minus modification: What the baby grand piano would have looked like before the tricky transformation . Rolling on: The piano has changed dramatically since its days in the home of the ambassador of Hong Kong . Piano-playing singer songwriter . Jamie Cullum had wanted the revolutionary piano until he found he could . not fit it into his studio. Created from veneered Canadian rock maple wood and due its cut-out frame, it is possible to see the strings and soundboard while being played. The piano dates back to the early 1900s when it was owned by the ambassador of Hong Kong. The modified design came into conception in 2007 and gained widespread appeal because of the unique way that the player can control movement as well as the music. Problem proportions: Pop star Jamie Cullum had his eyes on the rocking relic but couldn't fit it in his studio .
highlights: The modified baby grand piano was designed by award-winning British designer Sarah Davenport . Expected to go for about £1500 at auction this weekend . Pop star Jamie Cullum had his eye on the rocking piano but could not fit it in his studio .
id: 33b20f222f947058fdd24e847b29719d2686ea28
chatgpt: An elegantly designed baby grand piano, which has been modified to rock back and forth on two curved legs, is expected to fetch around £1500 when it is auctioned this weekend in London. The designer behind this unique piece is none other than award-winning British designer Sarah Davenport. The modified baby grand piano has been given an entirely new lease of life and promises to be a fantastic addition to any musically inclined household. The extraordinary piano has been completely overhauled and given a completely new look. The rocking piano has already piqued the interest of many buyers, including pop star Jamie Cullum. Unfortunately, the singer-songwriter was unable to bring the piano back to his recording studio as it was too large for the space. Sarah Davenport has long been known for her innovative design sensibilities, having won awards for her work in the past. She took inspiration from her childhood when designing the rocking baby grand, as she grew up playing the traditional piano whilst sitting on her mother's lap. As the world's leading auction houses get set to showcase the unique instrument, collectors are expected to flock to London's auction halls. The modified baby grand is expected to attract a lot of attention at the upcoming sale, with bidders looking to add the one-of-a-kind rocking piano to their collection. When Sarah Davenport first conceived of the idea of a rocking piano, she knew it was something special. The designer spared no expense when creating the unique instrument, pouring all of her passion and creativity into it. The end result is a beautiful and innovative design that is sure to turn heads. For music lovers in search of new and interesting instruments, the Sarah Davenport designed rocking piano is a wonderful addition to any collection. The instrument's beautiful curves and elegant design make it a true work of art. It is clear to see why so many are excited about its upcoming sale. Overall, the rocking baby grand is expected to make waves amongst collectors and music enthusiasts alike. With Sarah Davenport at the helm, bidders can be sure that they are getting a truly unique and innovative piece of musical history. If you're looking for a beautifully crafted and unique instrument or simply a piece of striking design work, the Sarah Davenport designed rocking baby grand piano could be the perfect addition to your home.