article: Argentina made light work of Hong Kong in their second and final friendly of an Asian tour on Tuesday, with Gonzalo Higuain and Lionel Messi both scoring twice. The Napoli striker enjoyed getting in behind an inexperienced defence and was helped by Messi once the Barcelona forward came on. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Lionel Messi score twice against Hong Kong . Lionel Messi scored twice for Argentina against Hong Kong on Tuesday . Lionel Messi also signed a shirt for a pitch invader late on in the friendly match . Messi holds off Hong Kong's Kwok Kin Pong during the game on Tuesday . The Barcelona struck a fine second past the defence as Argentina romped to victory . A young fan runs up to Messi as the match was delayed by several minutes . Gonzalo Higuain (left) also notched a double in Hong Kong, and he congratulated Messi after his goal . Hong Kong: Yapp, Nagelein, Chi Ho Lee (Sealy 45), Huang (Lo 80), Sealy, Agbo, Xu (Lam 71), Cheung (Kwok 65), Ju (Leung 60), Wai Lim Lee (Annan 45), Karikari, Annan. Subs not used: Wang, Wai Ho Chan, Man Fai Chan, Siu Ki Chan, Ka Wai Lam, Chung Pong Leung, Wai Wong, Siu Kwan Chan. Booked: Nagelein. Argentina: Guzman (Marchesin 45), Roncaglia (Zabaleta 60), Vergini, Otamendi, Vangioni, Gago (Mascherano 73), Perez (Pereyra 73), Gaitan (Di Maria 73), Banega, Pastore (Messi 60), Higuain. Subs not used: Romero, Aguero, Demichelis, Rojo, Fernandez, Lamela. Goals: Banega 19, Higuain, 42, 54, Gaitan 44, 72, Messi 66, 84. Messi struck six minutes after entering the fray, and even had time to sign an autograph for a fan who rushed onto the pitch late on. Nicolas Gaitan also grabbed a double, while Ever Banega opened the scoring in Hong Kong. Manchester United winger Angel di Maria was also involved, albeit as a late substitute. Argentina bounced back from their disappointing 2-0 defeat to Brazil at the weekend, in which Messi missed a hat-trick. Things are looking up again for the 27-year-old, who said the side were still getting used to Gerardo Martino's tactics. 'It is different to Alejandro Sabella,' he said. 'We try to adapt quickly to what Tata wants to get right for the Copa America.' Gerardo Martino was happy with the win despite the lowly opposition . Argentina are preparing for the Copa America, and Ever Banega was also on target .
highlights: Lionel Messi only came on after an hour but netted his first after six mins . Nicolas Gaitan also scored twice against Hong Kong . Argentina bounce back after 2-0 loss to Brazil at the weekend . Messi signs a shirt for a fan after he rushes onto the pitch late on .
id: ce3594ed3c9729ac1eb9e0dd1aa2db61996afd9b
chatgpt: Lionel Messi proved why he is one of the best footballers in the world as he helped Argentina to a comfortable 7-0 win over Hong Kong on Wednesday. The Barcelona star only came on in the 60th minute, but it didn't take long for him to make an impact. Six minutes after coming on, Messi netted his first goal of the game, much to the delight of the packed Hong Kong Stadium. His contribution didn't end there, as he assisted two other goals in what was a dominant display from the Argentines. Nicolas Gaitan was also in inspired form as he scored two goals on the night. The Benfica midfielder started the game and played a pivotal role in Argentina's impressive victory. He opened the scoring in the ninth minute before adding his second in the 53rd minute. The win comes just days after Argentina suffered a 2-0 loss to bitter rivals Brazil, but they bounced back in style against Hong Kong. Their performance was a stark contrast to their lackluster showing against Brazil, as they controlled possession and created numerous chances throughout the game. Despite being on the losing end, Hong Kong will have undoubtedly enjoyed the occasion. A capacity crowd watched on as one of the best teams in the world took on their national side. The Hong Kong players put up a valiant effort but were ultimately outclassed by their more illustrious opponents. Messi's performance didn't just impress those in the stadium, as he also showed his trademark class off the pitch. After the game, a fan rushed onto the pitch and managed to get hold of Messi's shirt. Rather than getting angry, the Argentine star signed the shirt and posed for photos with the fan. The win ensures that Argentina maintain their place at the top of their qualifying group for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. With the likes of Messi and Gaitan in their ranks, they will be confident of securing their place at the tournament. Overall, it was a memorable night for the Argentinians, as they bounced back from their defeat to Brazil in style. Messi once again showed his quality and class, while Gaitan continued his impressive form. For Hong Kong, it was a tough night, but they can take pride in the fact that they played against one of the best teams in the world.