article: (CNN) -- China's President Hu Jintao called Tuesday for a "prosperous and harmonious" Xinjiang province during his first visit to the country's western Uyghur region since last month's deadly riots, state-run media reported. President Hu Jintao said Xinjiang's development will be "better and faster." "The key to our work in Xinjiang is to properly handle development and stability," said Hu. Hu, calling for reform, development, ethnic unity and stability in the region, expressed gratitude to the armed forces, militia and police for their work in quelling the July 5 ethnic riots in Urumqi, the capital of China's remote northwestern Xinjiang Autonomous Region, Xinhua news agency said. The riots were between Uyghurs, who are predominantly Muslim, and ethnic Han Chinese, the majority group in China. Reports of deaths range from around 200 to many more. Hu, who is also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, said Xinjiang must focus on economic development, maintaining social stability, and promoting ethnic unity and common prosperity. During a tour that began Saturday and ended Tuesday, Hu visited villages, farms, communities, factories and barracks in the largely Uyghur area of Aksu; Changji, a land port between China and Central Asian nations; Karamay, an oil base; Shihezi, the headquarters of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps; and the regional capital of Urumqi. Hu met with military personnel, hospital workers, local officials and religious leaders and with the widow of a policeman who was killed July 5 by rioters in Urumqi. He promised her family members government help if they should need it. Hu told villagers and herders that ethnic minorities would be supported through "more efficient measures." "In the future, Xinjiang's development will be better and faster," he said, according to state-run CCTV. "The improvement of people's lives will be even more remarkable; let's work together to create an even better future." He said the central government "attaches great importance to the well-being of ethnic groups" and called the riots "a serious criminal act masterminded by separatist forces at home and abroad." Hu added that all separatist forces are doomed to failure, and said the central government would support social and ethnic development, CCTV reported. Reports on Monday from state-run China Daily said that more than 200 people charged in connection with the riots could be tried this week. Problems in the region began in late June, after two Uyghur migrant workers at a toy factory in Guangdong province were killed in a brawl between Uyghurs and Han. Uyghurs protested in Urumqi, hundreds of miles from the toy factory. Uyghurs and Han reportedly attacked each other.
highlights: Hu Jintao makes first visit to country's western Uyghur region since last month's riots . Hu calls for reform, development, ethnic unity and stability in Xinjiang region . Problems began in June, after Uyghur workers killed in brawl between Uyghurs, Han . China's state media says over 200 people charged over riots could be tried this week .
id: f7ded1e31a63a71def29053e98313e420fcea91e
chatgpt: Chinese President Hu Jintao, for the first time since the riots last month, made a visit to the Uyghur region. During his visit, President Hu called for reform, development, ethnic unity, and stability in the region. The unrest that erupted in Xinjiang, also known as East Turkestan, started last June when Uyghur workers were killed in a brawl between Uyghurs and Han people. President Hu's visit was aimed at restoring peace and stability in the troubled region. During his visit, he met with government officials and local residents and called for ethnic unity and stability in the area. He also pledged to provide more support and development for the region. The president's visit was seen as an important step towards resolving the ongoing conflict between the Uyghur people and the Han Chinese. It was imperative for the president to visit the region and address the ongoing issues to prevent further unrest and bring peace to the region. According to China's state media, over 200 people charged over the riots could be tried this week, indicating that China is taking the matter very seriously. The trials are set to take place in Urumqi, the capital of the Xinjiang region, and will involve people accused of being involved in the riots, including those accused of murder, arson, and looting. These trials are seen as a significant step towards justice being served for the innocent people who lost their lives during the riots. The Uyghurs, an ethnic Muslim group, have long complained of marginalization and discrimination within China. They feel that the Chinese government is not doing enough to support their culture and way of life. The recent violence has highlighted the strained relationship between the Uyghurs and the Han people and the need for reform and development in the region. China has been accused by human rights groups of suppressing the Uyghur culture and language and suppressing the religious practices of the Uyghur people. The Chinese government has denied these allegations, stating that it is committed to promoting and preserving the Uyghur culture and language. President Hu's visit to the region is seen as a positive step towards bringing peace and stability to the Xinjiang region. The Chinese government is taking proactive measures to address the issues facing the region and is committed to promoting ethnic unity and stability in the area. In conclusion, President Hu's visit to the western Uyghur region is a step towards restoring peace and stability to a region marred by violence and unrest. The trials of those accused of involvement in the riots are a sign of China's commitment to justice and the need for reform in the region. The Uyghur people's concerns about their culture and language must be addressed as China continues to develop and reform the region for the benefit of all its citizens.