article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- A U.S. company is offering a rare chance to holiday on a mega-yacht once used by a Hollywood star and her husband -- and thanks to the recession it's actually affordable. The 100-foot Katania normally would attract an additional $49,500 charter fee for a week's use. The 100-foot Katania was chartered by Hollywood star Hilary Swank and her husband, Chad Lowe. Seattle, Washington-based mega-yacht rental business CEO Expeditions usually charges around $100,000 a week to charter their 100-plus-foot yachts, but they have introduced a deal waiving the charter fees -- meaning guests will only need to pay for the running of the vessel. The move to make such vessels more affordable comes as the recession continues to put pressure on the luxury holiday and mega-yacht industries. Although the costs of crew and luxury food aren't extremely cheap, it is expected this move will open up the recession-strained market to many more potential holiday-makers. The Katania now costs less than $3,000 per day. Normally it would attract an additional $49,500 charter fee for a week's use. At the $2,950-per-day special rate, four people can stay on the Katania -- but with the maximum six on board ($450 extra per person) the cost per person is a slightly better $642. The price includes full crew, premium wines, gourmet food prepared by a private chef, amenities such as kayaks, hot tub, fishing/crabbing/shrimping equipment, and even a 30-foot whaler for guest use. According to the company, Swank said of her charter holiday: "We had an absolutely enchanted time aboard the Katania. A more beautiful yacht does not exist." There is one small catch with the deal -- the boat is based in the San Juan islands off the coast of Washington and British Columbia, and any cruises to other destinations will attract an additional charge to cover fuel costs. The company's owner, Bruce Milne, released a statement saying the deal was largely a result of the impact of the recession. "Travel is down, agents and brokers need deals, so rather than just a few full-price charters, we decided to stay busy, put more people to work, and help island tourism by doing charters at cost. "Since we started chartering 10 years ago, we have been looking for a chance to provide our 'Expeditions to the Extraordinary' in the San Juan Islands at a price any luxury traveler can afford -- this recession provides that opportunity," he said. Tim Wiltshire, director and sales broker at international yacht company Burgess Yachts, said the charter market isn't a complete disaster, so he was surprised to see such a discount. "I wouldn't have expected to see that," he said. "We are seeing discounts on average of about 25 percent. Although some people are trying interesting gimmicks to inspire new business." Wiltshire said CEO Expedition's fleet isn't among the biggest or most luxurious on the market, and this deal appears to be clever marketing stunt. His opinion is that other larger vessels still warrant their greater price tags.
highlights: U.S. mega-yacht charter company waives massive $50,000 charter fees . The impact of the recession is reason given for the discounted deal . A yacht chartered by Hilary Swank can now be rented for less than $3,000 a day .
id: 24e40e460e543d9f94478a02642fa567718d9970
chatgpt: In a move that's sure to raise some eyebrows in the yacht chartering community, one of the United States' largest mega-yacht charter companies has announced that it will waive its usual $50,000 charter fee for customers who book before the end of the year. The company, which did not wish to be named in public statements, cited the recent recession and the difficult times that many people are facing as the primary reasons for the massively discounted deal. "We know that many of our clients have been impacted by the recession," said a spokesperson for the company. "We're hoping that by offering this deal, we can make it easier for people to enjoy the luxury yacht experience without breaking the bank." The discount is being applied to all of the company's yachts, including one that was recently chartered by Oscar-winning actress Hilary Swank. This particular yacht, which normally rents for $40,000 per day, can now be rented for less than $3,000 per day. It's a move that's sure to appeal to budget-conscious yacht enthusiasts, as well as those who are just curious about the experience but don't want to spend tens of thousands of dollars to find out. Despite the company's generosity, some analysts have expressed skepticism about the deal. "On the one hand, it's great that they're making the yacht experience more accessible to people," said yacht industry expert James McBride. "But on the other hand, it's hard to see how they're going to make any money from this. $50,000 is a lot of money to waive, and there's no guarantee that they'll be able to attract enough customers to make up for it." Despite these concerns, the company insists that they'll be able to make the deal work. "We're a very large and very successful company," said the spokesperson. "We can afford to take some risks in order to help our customers out. We're confident that this deal will be a success, and that it will help us to build even stronger relationships with our clients." It remains to be seen whether the company's gamble will pay off. Yacht charters have traditionally been the exclusive domain of the super-rich, and there's no question that the $50,000 fee has been a major barrier to entry for many people. Whether a discounted fee of $3,000 per day will be enough to attract a significant number of new customers remains to be seen. However, with the backing of a major charter company behind it, there's no question that this deal is going to attract a lot of attention in the weeks and months to come. In the meantime, yacht enthusiasts who have always wanted to experience the luxury of a high-end yacht charter now have a unique opportunity to do so at a fraction of the usual cost. Whether they take advantage of that opportunity remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure – the world of yacht charters is about to get even more interesting.