article: (CNN) -- Three dead bodies, 20 to 30 missing limbs, and more than 180 injured can force us to revisit that age-old question: What is the state of man's nature? Is he inherently good or evil? The Boston Marathon bombings have presented us with the dilemma of Locke versus Hobbes again. Pictures like this tempt us to adopt Hobbes' pessimistic view of man. But it's wrong. Events such as this, or rather men responsible for events such as this, don't define us. Actor Patton Oswalt, in a Facebook post that I'm sure has virally made it to your screen, put it perfectly: . "If it's one person or a HUNDRED people, that number is not even a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a percent of the population on this planet." And: "The vast majority stands against that darkness and, like white blood cells attacking a virus, they dilute and weaken and eventually wash away the evil doers and, more importantly, the damage they wreak. This is beyond religion or creed or nation. We would not be here if humanity were inherently evil. We'd have eaten ourselves alive long ago." And more: "So when you spot violence, or bigotry, or intolerance, or fear, or just garden-variety misogyny, hatred or ignorance, just look it in the eye and think, 'The good outnumber you, and we always will.' " Exactly. At least, that's what I think. What about you? Which is it? Is man inherently good or evil? It's an admittedly oversimplified question. But how you answer it dictates what you do next. Carlos Arredondo, Jeff Bauman define us . Carlos Arredondo is being hailed as a cowboy-hatted hero. He is. With the bomb blasts still ringing in his ears, Arredondo dove into the carnage and began to help victims. He is extraordinary. I think he says more about us than whoever dropped a pressure cooker at the marathon on Monday. It's Jeff Bauman, though, whom I keep thinking about. Bauman is the man who was standing on Boylston Street watching his girlfriend run the Boston Marathon. Bauman is the man who in one moment was standing with youthful invincibility and two legs. And in the next moment, he was lying without legs. He's the man Arredondo stayed with until he was in an ambulance. There's something about these two men, this moment that defines us. Yes, it's Arredondo's heroism. But it's also Bauman's gaze. He's literally three-quarters the person he was minutes before. And yet he almost calmly looks forward. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Cain.
highlights: Will Cain: The Boston Marathon bombings make us wonder about the nature of man . He says such events, or rather those responsible, don't define us .
id: 56bdb48dc7abc1eb4770962927d457d1eb72cecd
chatgpt: In the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings, many have been left questioning the nature of humanity. Will Cain, a journalist and commentator, has weighed in on the matter, arguing that such events, and those responsible for them, do not define us. Cain points out that tragedies like the Boston bombings can lead us to believe that there is an inherent evil within humanity. When we see acts of terror, hatred, and violence, it can be difficult to reconcile those actions with our own understanding of what it means to be human. But Cain argues that it's important to remember that these events are carried out by individuals, not by the whole of humanity. "We can't define humanity based on the actions of a few individuals," Cain says. "There are always going to be outliers, individuals who choose to do terrible things. But that doesn't mean that the rest of us are like them." Indeed, in the aftermath of the Boston bombings, we've seen countless examples of people coming together to support one another. From the first responders who rushed to the scene to the bystanders who helped others in need, there have been countless acts of kindness and compassion in the wake of this tragedy. Cain argues that it's these moments, not the moments of violence, that should define us. "When we're faced with something like the Boston bombings, we have a choice: we can either focus on the people responsible for it, or we can focus on the people who are doing good in the world," he says. "I choose to focus on the latter." Of course, that doesn't mean that we should ignore the actions of individuals who commit acts of violence. Cain acknowledges that it's important to hold those individuals accountable for their actions. But at the same time, we shouldn't make the mistake of assuming that they represent all of humanity. "The actions of individuals don't define us," Cain says. "We define ourselves by how we choose to respond to those actions." As we continue to process the Boston Marathon bombings and other acts of violence, it's important to remember that these events are not a reflection of humanity as a whole. There will always be individuals who choose to do terrible things, but there will also always be individuals who choose to do good. In the end, it's up to each and every one of us to decide which group we want to be a part of. Cain's perspective offers a reassuring reminder that even in the face of tragedy, we have the power to choose how we define ourselves.