article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 11:07 AM on 26th September 2011 . Motorists can breathe a sigh of relief, as soaring gasoline prices are now in the rear-view mirror thanks to a sharp drop in the value of crude oil. For the first time in months, retail gasoline prices have fallen below $3 a gallon in places, including parts of Michigan, Missouri and Texas. The national average for regular unleaded gasoline is a more-comfortable $3.51 per gallon, down from a high of $3.98 in early May. Down: A motorist pumps gasoline into his vehicle in Texas. For the first time in months, retail gasoline prices have fallen below $3 a gallon in places . Last week's plunge in oil prices could even push the national average to $3.25 per gallon by November, analysts predict. Economist Philip Verleger equates it to . ‘a stimulus program for consumers,’ leaving them more money for clothes, . dinners out and films. SOURCE: The Lundberg Survey / CNN . Over one year a 50 cents-per-gallon drop in gasoline prices would add roughly $70billion to the U.S. economy. Arthur De Villar, 48, an aviation safety inspector paid $2.96 for gasoline near his home in Manchester, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis. ‘It's far better to be able to put (the money) anywhere other than in the gas tank,’ the father-of-three said. Prices for oil, gasoline and other commodities dropped last week along with world stock markets over concerns of another recession. Getting cheaper: Juan Zuniga fills up an SUV in Dallas. The relief of lower petrol prices is likely to spread thanks to a sharp decline in the value of crude oil . When economies slow, demand for fuel falls as drivers cut back on trips, shippers move fewer goods and vacationers stay closer to home. Oil fell to $79.85 per barrel on Friday - . a drop of nine per cent for the week. Oil reached a three-year high of . $113.93 in late April. ‘Your bill at the gas pump goes down, . but it's going down because there are worries that people won't have . jobs. The news has not been good' James Hamilton, University of California in San Diego . Economists caution that gasoline savings, while welcome, won't matter much to people if the worst economic fears come to pass. ‘Your bill at the gas pump goes down, but it's going down because there are worries that people won't have jobs,’ Professor James Hamilton, of the University of California in San Diego, said. ‘The news has not been good.’ Gasoline prices remain historically high - averaging $3.56 per gallon this year, the highest yearly average ever. California drivers are paying the most in the lower 48 states - averaging $3.89 per gallon. Missouri drivers are paying the least - $3.21 per gallon.
highlights: Sharp drop in crude oil value has pushed down prices . National average for regular unleaded gasoline is $3.51 . But it's below $3 in states such as Michigan and Texas .
id: b4e1241dfeb1acc1e0a02df59cb623b0676e7334
chatgpt: The world has been in the midst of the largest oil price drop of the current decade. The once-soaring crude oil prices have plummeted to the depths, leaving the oil industry players in a state of shock. This sudden turn of events has exerted a drastic effect on the prices of gasoline across the US markets. The national average price of regular unleaded gasoline has plunged down to $3.51 per gallon as a result of the sharp fall in crude oil prices. However, gas prices in some states such as Michigan and Texas have shown a further dip, sliding below the $3 mark. The price decline has been attributed to a number of factors. A global surplus of crude oil supply is one such reason which has impacted the demand and supply chain adversely. OPEC, the leading oil cartel, has been heavily criticized for its inability to contain the global supply glut, thereby failing to stabilize crude oil prices. Another major factor driving the oil price drop is the weakening demand from the global markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has hit several industrial sectors and disrupted the global supply chain, leading to a slowdown in economic activity. This has in turn negatively impacted the demand for crude oil, leading to a significant decline in the prices. The oil industry players are facing a host of setbacks due to the ongoing oil price drop. It has had a cascading effect on the oil industry, impacting oil exploration, drilling, production, and refining activities. Many of the oil drilling companies have shut down their rigs and halted their exploration operations due to the lack of demand. Several of them have laid off their employees, and the situation is expected to get worse in the coming days. The production of shale oil, which was once considered to be one of the leading sources of energy, has been stopped due to the depressed oil prices. While the low gas prices have brought relief to the consumers, it has adversely impacted the revenues of the oil companies. The profitability of these companies is dependent on the crude oil prices, and the sustained drop is likely to hurt their bottom lines. Overall, the sharp fall in crude oil prices has had a profound impact on the entire energy sector. It has caused major disruptions in the global oil markets, leading to a chain reaction of events. The burden of these massive changes is being borne by the oil industry players, as well as the consumers in the form of reduced prices at the pump. With the COVID-19 pandemic yet to be fully contained, and the supply glut still looming large, the oil prices are expected to remain depressed in the foreseeable future.