article: A Texas weatherman said the man who fired 13 bullets at him outside the TV station where he works never said a word to him. Patrick Crawford, the morning meteorologist at Waco's KCEN-TV, was struck twice in the abdomen and arm when the unidentified man opened fire on Wednesday. 'There was no interaction,' Crawford said at a press conference Monday while in a wheelchair. 'He just started shooting at me as I was leaving the parking lot.' Scroll down for video . Good condition: Patrick Crawford, a Texas meteorologist, spoke Monday and said the man who fired 13 shots at him outside his TV station did not have an interaction with him before the shooting . Initial reports from police stated that the man exchanged words with Crawford before he shot him in the parking lot. Crawford said his main focus is to 'get better, get healthy and get home' from Baylor Scott and White Memorial Hospital and hopes details he gave to police will lead to the suspect. 'Hopefully, that description is going to help bring this person to justice for what he did,' Crawford said. A composite sketch of the shooter was released by police on Thursday, leading to more than 100 calls to Texas Rangers and other law enforcement officials, Fox News reports. There has been no motive uncovered for the shooting and police are offering $10,000 for information leading to the arrest of the suspect. Falls County Crime Stoppers originally offered a reward of $5,000 for information, but KCEN-TV reports an anonymous donor contributed an additional $5,000 and the station added $10,000. Sketchy: The motive for the shooting by an unidentified man (sketch left) is still unknown, though the reward for information leading to the suspect was raised to $10,000 . Shooting: Police said 13 rounds were fired . After the shooting, Crawford drove away from the shooter and to a highway construction crew that assisted him by calling 911. The meteorologist underwent surgery, and trauma surgeon Dr Travis Isbell stated he was 'doing very well' and was an 'ideal patient.'
highlights: Waco TV meteorologist Patrick Crawford was struck twice by the shooter . He spoke from the hospital where he was in 'doing very well' The Waco cleared up earlier reports, saying there was no interaction with the shooter before he opened fire . No motive for the shooting is known .
id: 0149be5a6523ea22bfbd477464e23d21e3e80c9e
chatgpt: Waco, Texas - Patrick Crawford, a local TV meteorologist in Waco, was struck twice by a shooter in the area earlier this week. Crawford was hospitalized but has since spoken out, stating that he is "doing very well." The shooting occurred on Monday morning in the parking lot of the television station where Crawford works. Authorities originally believed that Crawford may have interacted with the shooter before he opened fire, but the Waco Police Department has since cleared up these reports. It is now believed that there was no interaction between Crawford and the shooter before the attack. The motive for the shooting is still unknown, and police are continuing to investigate the incident. Witnesses reported that they saw a man in a dark hoodie fleeing the scene, but no arrests have been made at this time. Crawford's colleagues at the station have expressed shock and concern over the incident. In a statement released by the station, they said, "We are deeply saddened by this terrible incident, and our thoughts and prayers are with Patrick and his family at this difficult time." Crawford, who has been the station's meteorologist for over a decade, is well-known in the Waco area. His colleagues, friends, and family have rallied around him, offering their support and well wishes. The station has also launched a fundraising campaign to cover Crawford's medical expenses and any other costs associated with the shooting. Despite the terrifying ordeal he has been through, Crawford remained upbeat and positive when speaking from the hospital. He thanked everyone for their support and said, "I'm doing very well, honestly. I'm just grateful to be alive." As the investigation into the shooting continues, the people of Waco are anxiously awaiting any new information that police may uncover. For now, they are focused on supporting Crawford and his loved ones as they work to recover from this traumatic event.