article: (CNN) -- Samsung tablets have edged out iPads for the first time in JD Power's biannual customer-satisfaction survey, although some observers say the results don't quite add up. Samsung topped JD Power's rankings with a score of 835 out of 1,000, narrowly beating out Apple's 833. Amazon was third in customer satisfaction at 826, followed by Asus and Acer. The rankings are based on the experiences of 3,375 tablet owners who responded between March and August of this year, and don't include the new iPad Air and iPad Mini, which went on sale Friday. But some tech pundits questioned the market-research company's scoring system. Survey respondents scored Apple's iPad higher than Samsung's tablets in four of five categories -- performance, ease of operation, styling/design, and features -- while Samsung scored higher in just one: cost. A Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 with an almost 8-inch screen, Wi-Fi-only connectivity and 16GB of storage sells for $299, compared to $399 for a comparable iPad Mini. "Reporters who got their hands on the attached chart were left scratching their heads," wrote Philip Elmer DeWitt in Fortune. "The only category that Samsung beat Apple in was (duh) cost. And cost, according to Power's press release, counts for at most 16% of the total score." "Did J.D. Power overreach in giving its top customer satisfaction nod to Samsung instead of Apple?" wondered Don Reisinger of CNET. "So who's the real winner?" JD Power did not immediately respond Friday to CNN's request for comment. Apple in the past has trumpeted JD Power's rankings as evidence of its products' popularity with consumers. At the company's Worldwide Developers Conference in June, Apple CEO Tim Cook bragged that iOS devices have won nine consecutive JD Power awards. JD Power's survey notes that Samsung is the only manufacturer to improve across all five categories since its last survey in April. The survey found that before buying their tablet, 50% of consumers rely on recommendations from friends, family members or colleagues, while 49% gather information from the manufacturer's website. Other factors that determine tablet-buying choices include brand reputation (42%) and past experience with the brand (32%).
highlights: Samsung tablets edged out iPads in JD Power's new customer-satisfaction survey . Samsung topped the rankings with a score of 835, narrowly beating out Apple's 833 . Some tech pundits questioned the market-research company's scoring system . Users scored the iPad higher than Samsung tablets in four of five categories .
id: 583dd1c4a6a52eeb947f0e2cb7cc8a6e51288543
chatgpt: In a new customer-satisfaction survey released by JD Power, Samsung tablets were found to have edged out Apple's iPads. Samsung topped the rankings with a score of 835, just barely beating out Apple's score of 833. However, some tech pundits have questioned the scoring system used by the market-research company. According to the survey, users actually scored the iPad higher than Samsung tablets in four out of five categories. These categories included performance, ease of use, features, and styling and design. Samsung, on the other hand, outdid Apple only in the cost category. This has raised some concern and skepticism among technology experts. While cost is certainly an important factor for many consumers, it seems strange that Samsung would be rated so highly overall when it didn't perform as well as the iPad in the majority of categories. Some have speculated that this may be due to a bias among JD Power's survey participants. Perhaps those who participated in the survey were more likely to be Samsung users, leading to a higher rating for the company's products. Others have suggested that the survey may not have been adequately designed to capture truly accurate ratings and rankings. Regardless of the validity of the survey, it is clear that Samsung tablets are still viewed by many consumers as a worthy competitor to Apple's iPad. With such a small margin separating the two companies in the ratings, it is likely that both will continue to work hard to earn the loyalty and satisfaction of their customers. "We are pleased to see that our tablets are being rated so highly by consumers," said a spokesperson for Samsung. "We strive to create products that not only meet the needs of our users but exceed their expectations. This rating is a strong indication that we are succeeding in that goal." Apple has not yet commented on the results of the survey, but it is clear that the company will continue to focus on innovation and customer satisfaction in order to maintain its position as a leader in the technology industry. Whether Samsung can continue to challenge Apple in the tablet market remains to be seen, but for now, the competition between these two companies is as fierce as ever.