article: That social media was super-rich Brooks Newmark’s undoing should come as no surprise: Just two years ago he became the first MP to be sacked for his obsession with tweeting. He lost his job as a Tory Whip after posting a stream of showbusiness-themed messages – including whether he should watch Downton Abbey or Spooks. One said: ‘I went to see Bridesmaids last night – guys it may be a chick flick but it was hysterically funny!’ But within a few weeks of being restored to Government office in July as Charities Minister, the warning signs were there again as his maverick streak got the better of him. Scroll down for video . Brooks Newmark (pictured) with his wife Lucy in 2005 lost his job as a Tory Whip two years ago after posting a stream of showbusiness-themed messages – including whether he should watch Downton Abbey or Spooks . In his first speech as minister he was accused of insulting charitable organisations by telling them to keep their noses out of politics and ‘stick to knitting’. He said: ‘We really want to try and keep charities and voluntary groups out of the realms of politics. When they stray into the realm of politics that is not what they are about and that is not why people give them money. ‘The important thing charities should be doing is sticking to their knitting – they should be about helping others.’ He later said he was referring to party politics. Born in Westport, Connecticut, but brought up from the age of nine in the UK, Newmark, 56, cuts an exotic figure at Westminster with his mid-Atlantic accent and fondness for travelling to dangerous places. He made a fortune in banking and is a personal friend of US Secretary of State John Kerry. The two have frequently discussed the Middle East. Mr Newmark has stepped down as Minister for Civil Society following allegations concerning his private life . It is a blow for David Cameron who was hoping to use his party conference as a launchpad to win the Election . He has been a strong supporter of tough military action in Syria and met Syria’s President Bashar al-Assad several times up until 2011, when the current crisis there began. Last year, he travelled to meet Syrian rebel leaders before condemning Labour for blocking military action by the UK against al-Assad for using chemical weapons. Educated at Harvard and Oxford, Newmark was vice-president of the international division of Shearson Lehman Brothers and worked for an private equity firm. He entered the Commons in 2005 as MP for Braintree. He lives in a £15 million home in Belgravia, London, with his wife Lucy – daughter of distinguished historian Sir John Keegan. The couple have five children.
highlights: Brooks Newmark, MP for Braintree, steps down as Minister for Civil Society . Decision follows allegations about his private life being published tomorrow . Lost job as Tory Whip two years ago after posting showbiz-themed tweets . 56-year-old was restored to Government office in July as Charities Minister .
id: e6c908f5768a4b596d31cc66a00b758ed384ef63
chatgpt: Brooks Newmark, the MP for Braintree, has stepped down from his role as Minister for Civil Society after allegations about his private life were set to be published. The former Tory Whip, who lost his job two years ago after posting showbiz-themed tweets, was restored to Government office in July as the Charities Minister. However, it seems that Newmark's second stint as a Cabinet member was brief, with the news of his resignation breaking on Saturday evening. In a statement, Newmark said that he resigned "with great regret" after being made aware of the allegations that were set to be published on Sunday. He added that he apologized for his actions, and wished the Government and his successor well. Newmark's resignation is the latest in a string of scandals that has rocked the Conservative Party in recent months, and is sure to unsettle the party as it prepares for its annual conference next month. The 56-year-old has been a controversial figure in politics for some time. His appointment as Minister for Civil Society earlier this year was met with widespread criticism, with many people arguing that his previous gaffes and missteps made him an unsuitable candidate. Newmark's previous role as Tory Whip came to an end in 2014, when he was caught up in a scandal involving explicit photographs that he had sent to an undercover journalist posing as a young female activist. Newmark resigned from his position in the wake of the scandal, which caused considerable embarrassment for the Conservative Party. Despite the controversy that surrounded him, Newmark managed to bounce back into politics, and was apparently rehabilitated in the eyes of the Conservative Party. His appointment as Charities Minister was seen by many as a second chance for the MP to redeem himself, and to demonstrate his commitment to the sector. However, it appears that Newmark's personal life has once again derailed his political career. The precise details of the allegations that were set to be published on Sunday are not yet known, but it is clear that they were serious enough to force Newmark to resign. The MP's departure from the Cabinet will undoubtedly be seen as a blow to the Conservative Party, which has been struggling to regain the trust of the British public in the wake of a series of scandals and controversies. It is not yet clear who will replace Newmark as Minister for Civil Society, but there is likely to be a considerable amount of political manoeuvring behind the scenes as contenders jostle for position. For Newmark himself, the future is uncertain. The MP has had a chequered career in politics, and it remains to be seen whether he will be able to bounce back from this latest setback. Whatever happens, however, it is clear that Brooks Newmark's political career has taken yet another twist.