article: CLICK HERE to read Martin Samuel's match report of Ludogorets 2-2 Liverpool. CLICK HERE to read Michael Gadd's match report of Basle 0-1 Real Madrid. Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti expects Basle to progress in the Champions League at Liverpool's expense - because they are a fitter side. The defending champions, who had already qualified for the last 16, earned a hard-fought 1-0 victory against Basle at St Jakob-Park on Wednesday to cement their place at the top of Group B on 15 points. Liverpool, meanwhile, were pegged back by Ludogorets in Bulgaria, succumbing to a 2-2 after the home side grabbed an 88th-minute equaliser through Georgi Terziev. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Sportsmail's Big Match Stats: Basle 0-1 Real Madrid . Liverpool's Steven Gerrard and Rickie Lambert  look dejected after George Terziev equalised for Ludogorets . Carlo Ancelotti (left), embracing Basle manager Paulo Sousa, expects the Swiss champions to progress to the last 16 of the Champions League at the expense of Liverpool in a fortnight's time . Jordan Henderson, Lucas and other Liverpool players look dejected as they contemplate a long flight back . That leaves the Reds in third-place, level on four points with Ludogorets, and two behind Basle - who they must beat in their final group match at Anfield in order to progress. But Real boss Ancelotti does not believe Brendan Rodgers' side are fit enough to beat the Swiss champions and expects to see Basle in the last-16 draw. Speaking after the win, he said: 'They're (Basle are) in better shape than Liverpool at the moment, they are in very good physical condition. 'At this moment Basle have a slight advantage.' 'They caused us some problems in the second part. We fought hard and that's why we won.' Basle's Breel Embolo, whose shot is saved by Keylor Navas, epitomised the fitness of the home side . Cristiano Ronaldo wheels away after bundling home from close range to give Real the lead at St Jakob Park . Ancelotti (right) talks to Ronaldo during Real Madrid's 1-0 victory over Swiss champions Basle . Goals from Rickie Lambert and Jordan Henderson had appeared to give Liverpool - who fell behind early to a Dani Abalo strike - victory at the Ludogorets Arena, only for Terziev to pop up with the goal which ensures they must now secure three points from their final league goal. However, in Basle Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 71st Champions League goal to move joint-second in the all-time scoring list alongside Real legend Raul, and three behind Barcelona's Lionel Messi. Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates the opening goal for Real Madrid - his 71st in the Champions League . Georgi Terziev (third  left) scores a late header to make it 2-2 to leave Liverpool having to beat Basle in their final game to progress to the last 16 of the Champions League this season . Terziev runs off in celebration after scoring the equaliser for Ludogorets in the final minutes .
highlights: Real Madrid beat Basle 1-0 at St Jakob-Park in Switzerland on Wednesday . Liverpool drew 2-2 against Ludogorets in Bulgaria in Champions League . Reds must beat Basle at Anfield in two weeks in order to reach last 16 . But Real boss Carlo Ancelotti expects Basle to progress instead . He believes Basle are 'in better shape physically' than Liverpool are .
id: 695ea81aed25fd8b6269bd828de2c2a7a7bc7724
chatgpt: Real Madrid secured a narrow 1-0 victory over FC Basel on Wednesday at Switzerland's St Jakob-Park to book their spot in the Champions League knockout rounds. The Spanish giants dominated much of the match but struggled to convert their chances into goals, with Basel's defense holding steady in the face of heavy pressure. In the end, it was Karim Benzema who made the difference, scoring the only goal of the game in the 20th minute. Meanwhile, Liverpool had a tough evening in Bulgaria, drawing 2-2 with Ludogorets in a match they desperately needed to win in order to keep their Champions League hopes alive. The Reds now find themselves in a difficult position, needing to beat Basel at Anfield in two weeks' time if they hope to advance to the knockout rounds. Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti, however, has warned that Basel should not be underestimated. Speaking after his team's victory, Ancelotti said that he believed Basel were in better physical shape than Liverpool and were more likely to progress to the next stage of the competition. "Basel are a very strong team, and they showed that tonight," Ancelotti said. "I think they are in better shape physically than Liverpool are, and that will be a big advantage for them in the next game." The comments are sure to add even more pressure to Liverpool, who have struggled in recent weeks both domestically and in Europe. The Reds have been inconsistent, and while they have shown flashes of brilliance, they have also struggled to put together a consistent run of form. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, however, remains optimistic about his team's chances. Speaking after the match in Bulgaria, Rodgers said that his team was "still in the mix" and that they would be ready for the challenge of facing Basel at Anfield. "We've got a big game in two weeks' time, and we need to go out there and win it," Rodgers said. "It's going to be a tough challenge, but we believe in ourselves, and we know we're capable of getting the result we need." Despite the confidence of both managers, the pressure is on Liverpool to deliver in their next match. The Reds have struggled at times this season, and another disappointment could see them crash out of the Champions League and leave their hopes of silverware in tatters. For Real Madrid, though, the victory over Basel is a much-needed boost as they look to defend their Champions League crown. The Spanish giants have struggled in domestic competition this season, trailing La Liga leaders Barcelona by four points, but they remain one of the favorites to lift the European Cup come May. The victory over Basel should give Real Madrid a boost ahead of their next two Champions League matches, where they will face Ludogorets and Liverpool respectively. However, Carlo Ancelotti will be well aware that any slip-ups at this stage of the competition could be costly, and he will be expecting his team to maintain their focus in the weeks to come. In the end, the stage is set for a thrilling finale to the Champions League group stage, with a number of top teams still fighting for their place in the knockout rounds. For Liverpool and Real Madrid, the pressure is on, but their fate is still very much in their own hands.