article: By . Sam Webb for MailOnline . Diner Anthony Nelson was amazed when he spotted the face of his dead grandmother - in a naan bread. Mr Nelson, 22, of Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham, was enjoying a meal at a curry house with his family to celebrate a new job and ordered a round of naan breads to share. But when he lifted up the south-Asian flatbread, he discovered an uncanny profile of his late grandmother Sheila Nelson. Beloved bread: Anthony Nelson, 22, couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the face of his grandmother Sheila (right) in a naan bread (left) during a family outing to a curry house . Sheila Nelson's family at the Indian restaurant where they spotted their late grandmother . The production company editor said: 'I looked up and saw it and it was so spooky - it looked just like her profile. 'I turned to my sister Heather and whispered "who does that look like?" and she said, straight away, "It’s Sheila". 'I didn’t say anything but then my dad said "That looks like me mam". 'He couldn’t believe it. He turned to one of the waiting staff and said "Look - It’s my mam! That’s her profile!" but the waiter’s reaction was, "Oh". 'Obviously he had no reference to what Sheila looked like, but it was exactly like her profile. It was like she was there with us.' The family had their encounter with the plain naan at Akbah’s in Middlesbrough last month. Ghee whiz: The family had their encounter with the plain naan at Akbah’s in Middlesbrough last month . Housewife Sheila Nelson passed away of natural causes in 2008, aged 77. 'She was quite a character in the family,' said Anthony. 'She didn’t hold back on her opinions. 'I have heard about the Virgin Mary appearing on someone’s toast and the Duchess of Cambridge in a jellybean - but I never expected to see Sheila.'
highlights: Anthony Nelson had bizarre encounter in a Middlesbrough curry house . The flatbread's profile eerily matched that of late matriarch Sheila Nelson . The 22-year-old said: 'I looked up and saw it and it was so spooky'
id: 609a606cd803c2935e14f166132e73803447b0a9
chatgpt: A young man from Middlesbrough has had a strange and eerie encounter while eating at a local curry house. Anthony Nelson, 22, claims that the profile of a piece of flatbread he was served matched that of his late grandmother, Sheila Nelson. While Nelson was enjoying a meal at the popular establishment, he suddenly noticed something peculiar about the bread. "I looked up and saw it and it was so spooky," he said. "It was like a face staring back at me. And I realized it looked just like my nan." The bizarre incident occurred at a restaurant located in the centre of Middlesbrough. While it is not known exactly what type of flatbread Nelson was served, it is clear that the coincidental resemblance left him feeling uneasy. "Sheila was always the life and soul of any family gathering," Nelson recalled. "She always made sure everyone was having a good time. It was really strange to see her face in this piece of bread." Despite the unnerving experience, Nelson has refused to share a photo of the bread, as he feels it is disrespectful to his grandmother. "I don't want to make light of something that feels quite spiritual to me," he said. Interestingly, this is not the first time someone has reported seeing a familiar face in a seemingly ordinary object. In 1977, a grilled cheese sandwich with an apparent image of the Virgin Mary sold for $28,000 in an online auction. Similarly, in 2017, a man from Maine claimed to have found a sea shell that bore a resemblance to former President Richard Nixon. For Nelson, however, the encounter with the flatbread has left him feeling unsettled. "It's definitely made me think about my nan more," he said. "But it's also a strange reminder that sometimes things happen that we just can't explain."