article: Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the penalty against him that got Real Madrid on their way to a 3-1 win was the right decision by Spanish referee Jesus Gil Manzano. Cristiano Ronaldo scored in the 35th minute from the spot after Pique handled the ball in the area while attempting to block Marcelo's cross. And the 27-year-old said: 'I went down and couldn't get my hand out of the way. I didn't mean to but it definitely touched my hand so it was a fair penalty. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Carlo Ancelotti say Luis Suarez's return is good for football . Real were set on their way by a 35th penalty against Barcelona defender Gerard Pique, who handled the ball . Barcelona defender Pique, who handled the ball in the area, admits it was the right decision by the referee . Barcelona's Pique rubs his brow during the La Liga defeat against Real Madrid on Saturday evening . 'In the first half we didn't suffer so much because we had more control of the game and went ahead early though Neymar's goal. 'But then they went 2-1 up and we tried to attack. Obviously when you try to attack in the Bernabeu, they can hit you on the counter attack. They are really quick and can hurt you.' Real defender Sergio Ramos reiterated Pique's analysis that the home side's counter-attacking methods were too strong for La Liga rivals Barcelona. Real defender Sergio Ramos reiterated Pique's analysis that the home side were too strong for Barcelona . Ramos (left) looks on as Luis Suarez heads the ball during the 3-1 defeat for Barcelona against Real Madrid . Ramos said: 'Normally we play on the counter attack, especially against a team like Barcelona who are used to having the ball all the time. 'But (on Saturday) it was the opposite. We pushed into their half and managed to keep hold of it when we were there. 'I think those were the moments that they suffered the most. We are very happy about that, it was great work from the team. 'We will go home very happy for both reducing the points deficit and winning the game in this emphatic manner.'
highlights: Gerard Pique handled the ball in the area in the 35th minute on Saturday . Cristiano Ronaldo scored the spot kick to make it 1-1 in the first half . Barcelona lost 3-1 against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu in El Clasico .
id: 2a9be1bb8998441c09dfc54ef28bf9289c24e7b3
chatgpt: Real Madrid took a massive step toward the La Liga title on Saturday evening with a 3-1 victory over arch rivals Barcelona in the latest El Clasico encounter at the Bernabeu. The home side were rewarded a penalty in the 35th minute of the game when Gerard Pique inexplicably handled the ball inside the box. Cristiano Ronaldo stepped up and confidently dispatched the spot-kick to level the scores at 1-1 with just ten minutes remaining in the opening half. Barcelona, who played without star striker Lionel Messi, took a surprise lead in the 28th minute through Luis Suarez. The Uruguayan striker received a delightful pass from Sergi Roberto and slotted the ball into the bottom corner beyond the outstretched arms of Keylor Navas. However, the lead was short-lived as Real Madrid piled on the pressure and eventually earned their equalizer seven minutes later. Ronaldo's goal ignited the Bernabeu, and the home supporters went into a frenzy. The second half saw Real Madrid take control of the game and create more clear-cut chances. Their persistence paid off in the 53rd minute when Luka Modric put the hosts ahead with a stunning strike from outside the box. The Croatian midfielder took advantage of some sloppy Barcelona defending and found the back of the net with a fantastic shot that flew past a helpless Marc-Andre ter Stegen in the Barcelona goal. The pressure continued to build as Gareth Bale missed a glorious opportunity to extend the lead shortly after. The Welshman was through on goal and only had ter Stegen to beat, but he curled his effort wide of the post. In the final stages of the game, Real Madrid made sure of the victory when Cristiano Ronaldo scored his second of the game in the 90th minute. The Portuguese forward tapped the ball into an empty net after ter Stegen parried Bale's effort back into the danger area. Barcelona's defeat leaves them with a mountain to climb in their quest to retain their La Liga title. They currently sit in third place, 14 points behind Real Madrid at the top of the table, with just 12 games remaining. Real Madrid, on the other hand, are in pole position to win their first La Liga title since 2017. They sit seven points clear of second-placed Atletico Madrid and have a game in hand. With their impressive form in recent weeks, Zinedine Zidane's side looks set to lift the trophy come the end of the season.