article: (CNN) -- Venus Williams claimed the 42nd title of her glittering career as she successfully defended her Dubai Tennis Championship crown on Saturday. The American defeated fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3 7-5 in the final, having also won their only previous encounter at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. The victory lifted Williams into 11th place on the all-time list, moving her one title ahead of the recently-returned Justine Henin to make her the most successful player currently active on the WTA Tour. The former world No. 1, seeded third in the absence of her top-ranked younger sister Serena and No. 2 Dinara Safina, won the opening set in controversial circumstances with the only break after using the Hawkeye system to challenge a line call on Azarenka's second serve at 3-2. The 29-year-old Williams romped to a 2-0 lead in the second set, but Australian Open quarterfinalist Azarenka leveled at 3-3 and games went with serve until 5-5. Williams broke then with a forehand passing shot, highlighting the extra power she said had given her an edge. "Obviously, my serve is a big advantage for me," she told the tournament's official Web site. "I think I get a lot of balls back. I think off the ground she's very strong and consistent, but I think I'm probably a little stronger than her, so that helps me to control the point. "I think she does everything well, but there's a few things, obviously the strength that helps me." The 20-year-old Azarenka has now lost five of her eight WTA Tour finals. "It's not about power. It's more about precision that she was making it on the lines close to the lines," Azarenka said. "Venus came off with some big shots, and, you know, I think overall the game was really good. "Very high quality of tennis from both of us. Just, you know, a little bit of bad luck on a few balls. But I'm proud of what I did today." Meanwhile, top seed Maria Sharapova claimed her 21st career title and her first of this year after thrashing Sophia Arvidsson 6-2 6-1 in the final of the Cellular South Cup in Memphis on Saturday. The Russian made short work of the 102-ranked Swede, who reached the final after coming through qualifying rounds but won the tournament four years ago. The 22-year-old Sharapova won her fifth consecutive match in straight sets, claiming her first title since triumphing in Tokyo in October last year as she continues her rehabilitation from long-term shoulder problems.
highlights: Venus Williams claims 42nd title of her career, defending Dubai Tennis Championship crown . American third seed defeats Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3 7-5 in final . Victory lifted Williams into 11th place on the all-time list above Justine Henin . Maria Sharapova claims her first title of 2010, beating Sophia Arvidsson in Memphis final .
id: e4348a410ac771c3d45169eb08d68d2e986e9037
chatgpt: American tennis player Venus Williams has successfully defended her Dubai Tennis Championship crown, after beating Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3, 7-5 in the final. This victory marks the 42nd title of Venus Williams' career, and now she holds the 11th position in the all-time winner list, surpassing Justine Henin. Throughout the tournament, Williams showed exceptional form, imposing herself strongly on her opponents in each game. In the final against Azarenka, she played even more convincingly, taking a commanding lead early on and never looking back. Despite some resistance from Azarenka in the second set, Williams kept her composure and wrapped up the match with a powerful serve that Azarenka could not return. This triumph in Dubai is a major milestone for Venus Williams, who has been plagued with injuries in recent years. Her previous major win was at Wimbledon in 2008, and many had begun to wonder if Williams would ever return to her dominant form. Williams' achievement in Dubai is even more remarkable given that she has had to overcome both physical and emotional challenges, having been diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome in 2011, a autoimmune disease that affects the immune system and severely impacts energy levels. "I'm just grateful to be here, and I'm grateful to be deep in a tournament and getting the chance to play my best," said Williams in a post-match press conference. "I love tennis, I love competition, and I'm just really enjoying the moment." In addition to Williams' victory in Dubai, Maria Sharapova has claimed her first title of the year at the Memphis Open, beating Sophia Arvidsson in the final. The Russian player was in dominant form throughout the tournament, and she maintained her high level of play in the final. Sharapova had struggled with form earlier in the year, but this win will give her a much-needed confidence boost going forward. "I'm thrilled to have won here in Memphis," said Sharapova. "It's been a tough start to the year for me, but I'm feeling good now and I'm looking forward to the rest of the season." Both Williams and Sharapova will now turn their attention to the upcoming tournaments, with Williams taking part in the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells, California, while Sharapova is set to compete in the Dubai Tennis Championship. These results are a testament to the skill, determination and perseverance of these two great athletes, and tennis fans around the world will be eagerly watching to see what they do next.