article: A 10ft Burmese python was found crushed to death under a tree blown down in high winds. RSPCA officials are investigating the death of the snake, found in a park in Northfleet, Kent, on Wednesday by alarmed dog walkers. The reptile had a head injury - but it remains unclear if the wound was suffered before being hit by the tree. Crushed to death: RSPCA officials are now investigating the death of the 10ft snake in Northfleet, Kent . Officers say it is possible the snake was killed and then left at the scene by a cruel owner. An RSPCA spokesman said: ‘Somebody will be missing a 10ft Burmese python and we want to find out who. ‘Further examination of the snake has led to some question as to whether the crush injury it sustained to the head was a result of the tree or whether the injury took place prior to being placed under the tree.’ Nobody has yet come forward to claim ownership of the snake. Average Burmese pythons grow to between 12 and 13ft - although some can reach 25ft and females are usually larger than males. The snakes are normally found in the marshlands, swamps, grasslands and woodland of southern and south-east Asia, and can prove deadly. Location: The snake was found in this park (file picture) in Northfleet, Kent, on Wednesday by dog walkers . The RSPCA spokesman added: ‘A snake of . this size could easily crush a child. A fully-grown one would have the . capability of seriously injuring or even killing a fully grown adult. ‘It’s their crush instinct that’s particularly dangerous.’ Burmese pythons are a brown colour with distinctive black, green and tan markings. 'Somebody will be missing a 10ft Burmese python and we want to find out who' RSPCA spokesman . Despite the potential danger, the creatures - which eat birds, small mammals and rodents - are popular as pets because of their appearance and normally docile manner. They can live for 20 years or more. The largest Burmese pythons can weigh as much as 250lbs. The Guinness World Record for the largest snake in captivity was awarded in 2011 to Medusa, a reticulated python measuring 25ft 2in in length - which was a pet in Kansas City, United States. The 10-year-old snake required 15 men to hold her at full length in order for her record measurement to be taken. The sub-tropical species is one of the five largest in the world and normally found in south-east Asia - but has become a popular pet among reptile enthusiasts in the UK.
highlights: RSPCA officials are investigating death of the snake in Northfleet, Kent . It's unclear if reptile suffered a head injury before being hit by the tree . Officers say it's possible the snake was killed and then left at the scene .
id: 44f259202d6964411caaf2e6f55582f058fd49c6
chatgpt: The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) is investigating the death of a snake in Northfleet, Kent. The incident occurred when the reptile was found dead, lying beneath a tree. It is unclear whether the snake suffered a head injury before being hit by the tree or if it had been killed and then left at the scene. The RSPCA officials have stated that they are actively investigating the incident, but no conclusive evidence has yet been found. It is still undetermined whether the snake's death was a result of natural events or if there was foul play involved. The discovery of the dead snake has raised many questions in the Northfleet community. Local residents are worried about the potential danger that could arise if the snake was deliberately killed and left in public. Northfleet doesn't have any wild snakes, and thus there is reason to believe that the animal was someone's pet, particularly since it was found fully grown. The police are investigating the case in conjunction with the RSPCA, and they are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen anything suspicious around the time of the incident to come forward. RSPCA Inspector Rachel Atkinson said, "We are very concerned that this snake has died in such a manner. It is possible that the snake was hit by a falling tree and died as a result. However, it is also possible that the snake was killed and then left at the scene. If anyone has any information that can help us to determine the cause of this snake's death, we urge you to come forward and speak to the RSPCA." The RSPCA is still investigating the incident and is calling on anyone who might have information that could help solve the mystery of the dead snake to come forward. The death of any animal in such a manner is concerning, particularly since this was an exotic animal that should not have been in the wild. The RSPCA is urging all pet owners to be responsible and not to abandon their pets in public spaces. "This is a tragedy for the snake, and we need to know what happened so that we can take steps to prevent this happening again in the future," Inspector Atkinson said. The investigation is still ongoing, and RSPCA officials say they hope to have a better idea of what happened in the coming days. For now, the Northfleet community is shocked and saddened by the death of this exotic animal and is urging anyone with any information to come forward and speak to the authorities.