article: By . Alasdair Glennie . PUBLISHED: . 19:43 EST, 1 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:24 EST, 2 October 2013 . The one who knocks: Breaking Bad, starring Bryan Cranston, might win at the Baftas despite most UK viewers not having seen it . Next year’s TV Baftas could be won by shows that have never been screened in the UK following a change in the rules. The country’s top television awards will allow foreign shows that are only available online to compete for the first time. It means hit American series Breaking Bad – which is currently only available in this country on DVD and through Netflix – could win a prize next year, even though it has not been seen by the vast majority of British viewers. Other series that could benefit from the rule change include Kevin Spacey’s political drama House Of Cards, which was shown exclusively on Netflix. Earlier this year, the Best International Series category was won by US drama Girls, which was screened here on Sky Atlantic. Entries for next year’s Baftas opened yesterday. Bafta chief executive Amanda Berry said: ‘We continually strive to ensure our Awards remain relevant to the industry, as well as reflecting the trends among the viewing public. ‘We’re in a golden era for storytelling and programme-making, with top-class shows being broadcast online as well as on digital and terrestrial television. The latest update to our rules ensures we celebrate and reward the very best.’ Last month the Emmys, the main TV awards in America also allowed online shows to be contenders for an award for the first time. House of Cards, featuring Kevin Spacey, is also eligible, even though it was a Netflix exclusive .
highlights: Cult dramas eligible for awards despite not being seen by most UK viewers . Netflix and Lovefilm exclusives like Breaking Bad and House of Cards could benefit .
id: 4d24aa8ebbe978dd134c31340fa258f10382e025
chatgpt: Cult dramas have taken the UK by storm, but it appears that most viewers have missed out on the chance to see them. Despite this, these dramas are well on course to win a variety of awards. The likes of Netflix and Lovefilm have been instrumental in getting these hidden-gem dramas in front of a wider audience. Among the celebrated shows are Breaking Bad and House of Cards, which have been exclusive to the streaming platforms. Despite the fact that many UK viewers haven't seen these shows, they are eligible for awards. Some may argue that it is slightly unfair for shows that haven't been widely viewed to receive awards. However, it also highlights the power that streaming platforms have in the TV industry. Not only can they bring niche shows to a wider audience, but they can also ensure that those shows receive recognition where it's due. It is clear that streaming platforms are becoming a dominant force within the TV industry. The rise in exclusives and their popularity is only set to continue as viewers look to platforms that offer a wider range of content than traditional TV channels. The benefit of being eligible for awards is not just a boost for the shows themselves, but for the platforms that host them. Being associated with award-nominated shows has a positive impact on the platform's reputation and leads to increased subscriptions. It will be interesting to see whether other countries follow suit and allow shows that have only been aired on streaming platforms to be eligible for awards. With the rise in exclusives and the growing popularity of these dramas, it would be wise to do so. In conclusion, cult dramas may not be widely viewed in the UK, but that hasn't stopped them from being eligible for awards. With the rise in exclusives on streaming platforms, it is clear that these dramas have become a dominant force within the TV industry. The benefits of being associated with award-nominated shows will undoubtedly lead to increased popularity and success for both the shows and the platforms that host them.