article: By . Alexandra Klausner . Recent studies show that many American women have too little iodine and if pregnant, is a deficiency that may affect their child's brain development. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics on Monday, iodine is essential to babies' brain development and a lack of it can hinder a child's ability to live to his or her full potential. NBC reports that in the past, the iodine problem was solved by adding iodine to table salt. Iodine deficiencies in the U.S. due to the popularity of processed foods is leaving some women with a lack of the mineral that can lower their child's IQ . Unfortunately, iodine is no longer a part of the common American diet as most of the salt consumed in the U.S. comes from processed foods, said pediatrician Dr.Jerome Paulson. Women who are vegan and who don't eat fish are also likely to have an iodine deficiency. Even though an iodine deficiency affects a child's brain, it isn't likely that it will cause a learning disability. 'The brain development issues are very subtle and are not likely to be noticed in an individual child,' Paulson explained. 'It's an issue for society as a whole when you have a large number of children who are not reaching their full potential.' Paulson said that children will appear to be normal but that they may not be the greatest they could be. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, iodine is essential to babies' brain development and taking anywhere from 150- 290 micrograms per day can higher a child's IQ . According to the New York Daily News, Whether or not a woman has an iodine deficiency doesn't dictate whether or not she should take a supplement. In fact, all pregnant mothers and women of child bearing age are urged to take a dose of the mineral. Pregnant woman should take 220 micrograms a day and breastfeeding moms should take up to 290 micrograms . In addition to taking iodine, women should also take vitamin D in their prenatal vitamin regimen. 'I think the main thing is that the FDA [Food and Drug Administration] should make sure that prenatal vitamins contain all the essential nutrients,' Garibaldi said. 'It's very important that vitamins such as Vitamin D which is useful in calcifying bones, and elements such as iodine be part of prenatal vitamins.' Pediatricians say an iodine deficiency can also increase a mother and her baby's vulnerability to tobacco and certain chemicals in drinking water.
highlights: Iodine is essential to babies' brain development and a lack . of it can hinder a child's ability to live up to his or her full potential . Unfortunately, iodine is no longer a . part of the common American diet (table salt) as most of the salt consumed in the . U.S. comes from processed foods . In addition to iodine, pregnant women should take vitamin D .
id: 6bdad1588ce5ded069c479220dd2faa4e4de6ebb
chatgpt: Iodine is an essential mineral that plays a crucial role in the development of a baby's brain. It is needed to produce the thyroid hormone, which regulates growth and metabolism. Unfortunately, this essential nutrient is not part of the common American diet, as most of the salt consumed in the U.S. comes from processed foods that are not iodized. This lack of iodine in the American diet can hinder a child's ability to live up to his or her full potential. A recent study conducted by the American Academy of Pediatrics found that iodine deficiency remains a significant public health concern in the United States. Iodine is essential for proper cognitive development during pregnancy and infancy. Children who do not receive enough iodine can suffer from developmental delays and have lower IQ scores. Even a mild deficiency of iodine can have a significant impact on a child's cognitive development. The problem of iodine deficiency in the American diet is not new. In the 1920s, the U.S. government recognized the importance of iodine in the diet and began to add it to table salt to ensure that everyone got enough of this essential nutrient. However, with the increased consumption of processed foods, the majority of salt consumed in the U.S. no longer comes from table salt, but from processed and pre-packaged foods that are not fortified with iodine. To address this issue, the American Thyroid Association recommends that pregnant women take a daily prenatal vitamin that contains iodine. The National Institutes of Health recommends that pregnant and breastfeeding women get 220-290 micrograms of iodine per day, compared to the general population, which should aim for 150 micrograms per day. In addition to iodine, prenatal vitamins should also contain vitamin D. A study published in the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research found that pregnant women who were vitamin D deficient were more likely to have children with lower IQ scores. Vitamin D is crucial for the healthy development of bones and teeth, and there is growing evidence that it also plays a role in the development of the brain. In conclusion, the lack of iodine in the American diet is a significant public health concern that can hinder a child's ability to reach his or her full potential. Pregnant women should ensure that they are receiving adequate amounts of iodine and vitamin D through their diet or prenatal vitamins. It is essential that policymakers and food manufacturers take action to address this issue and ensure that all Americans have access to an iodine-rich diet that supports healthy cognitive development.