article: Frank Schleck is to leave the Tour de France after the International Cycling Union (ICU) revealed he had tested positive for a banned substance. Schleck, from Luxembourg, finished third in the iconic race last year but his Radioshack team have said he will take no further part in the Tour after he tested positive for the diuretic Xipamide. The 32-year-old is currently 12th place in this year's race, nine minutes and 45 seconds behind the leader, Team Sky's Bradley Wiggins. A statement from the sport's governing body said a sample collected from Schleck on July 14 had failed their screening process. "Earlier today the UCI advised the Luxembourger rider Frank Schleck of an adverse analytical finding (presence of the diuretic Xipamide...) in the urine sample collected from him at an in competition test," the UCI said. "The UCI Anti-Doping Rules do not provide for a provisional suspension given the nature of the substance, which is a specified substance. "However, the UCI is confident that his team will take the necessary steps to enable the Tour de France to continue in serenity and to ensure that their rider has the opportunity to properly prepare his defense in particular within the legal time line, which allows four days for him to have his B sample analyzed." According to the World Anti Doping Agency, an offense involving a specified substance allows a tribunal more flexibility, and recognizes it is possible for such a substance to enter an athlete's body inadvertently. "There is a greater likelihood that these substances could be susceptible to a credible non-doping explanation," their website explains. Soon after the ICU's statement, Radioshack responded with one of their own stating Schleck would take no further part in this year's Tour. It read: "After being informed by the UCI about the presence of Xipamide in the urine sample of Frank Schleck on July 14, the team has decided to immediately withdraw Frank Schleck from the Tour de France. "Even though an abnormal A sample does not require these measures, Mr Schleck and the team believe this is the right thing to do, to ensure the Tour de France can go on in calm and that Frank Schleck can prepare his defense in accordance with the legal timing to do so. "On the subject of Xipamide the team can declare the following: it is not a product that is present in any of the medicine that the team uses and the reason for the presence of Xipamide in the urine sample of Mr Schleck is unclear to the team. "Therefore, the team is not able to explain the adverse findings at this point. However, the team is fully determined to collaborate with the anti-doping agencies in order to resolve the matter." Schleck is the brother of Andy, who was belatedly awarded with the 2010 Tour de France title after Alberto Contador's original victory was wiped out for doping offences.
highlights: Frank Schleck to leave Tour de France after testing positive for banned substance . Cycling's governing body says Radioshack rider tested positive for diuretic Xipamide . Schleck's team say he will not race for them again during the rest of the Tour . The 32-year-old finished third in 2011 and is brother of 2010 Tour winner Andy .
id: b724df9c2154f8686b8a711930fbdda7ef3d799d
chatgpt: Luxembourg cyclist Frank Schleck, who finished third in the Tour de France in 2011, has tested positive for the banned diuretic Xipamide. The test result was revealed by cycling's governing body, the UCI, on Tuesday. Schleck has denied knowingly taking the substance and stated that he will leave the Tour immediately. Schleck, who is a member of the Radioshack team, has been prohibited from participating in the rest of the Tour, which concludes on 22 July. Xipamide is a diuretic that is typically used to help athletes lose weight or to mask the use of other banned substances. The drug is on the World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) prohibited list and has been known to cause dehydration and fatigue. Schleck will now have to undergo further testing to determine whether he ingested the drug intentionally, which could result in a doping ban. The cyclist has a history of success in the Tour de France, having finished in the top five on three occasions. He is also the younger brother of Andy Schleck, the winner of the 2010 Tour de France. Radioshack announced that Schleck will not race for them again for the remainder of the Tour. The team said in a statement, "We can't accept the UCI's decision to provisionally suspend Frank Schleck who has been our friend and colleague for many years without him being heard by the competent French authorities despite having twice urged the UCI to do so." The American team has been struggling in the Tour thus far, with star rider Andy Schleck withdrawing due to injury earlier in the race. Frank Schleck had been one of the team's top hopes for a stage win and a high finish in the general classification. The news of Schleck's positive test has cast yet another shadow over the Tour de France's reputation, which has been marred by numerous doping scandals over the years. The UCI has pledged to clean up the sport and remove any cheaters, following a high-profile case involving Lance Armstrong. The disgraced cyclist was recently stripped of his seven Tour de France titles after being found guilty of doping. The recent scandals have prompted calls for more stringent drug testing and greater penalties for those caught using banned substances. The UCI has already implemented several measures aimed at curbing doping, such as increasing the number of tests conducted and introducing a biological passport system to monitor athletes' blood profiles. Meanwhile, Schleck's exit has left the Tour de France without one of its top riders and with just over a week left to go until the finish line in Paris. It remains to be seen how much of an impact Schleck's absence will have on the race and who will step up to take his place in the peloton.