article: The leader of a criminal . gang suspected of conspiring with Mexican police to kill 43 . missing students in the violent southwestern state of Guerrero . has been detained, authorities said on Friday. The students went missing near Iguala, Guerrero on Sept. 26 . after clashing with police and masked men, sending shockwaves . across Mexico and prompting thousands to march in the beach . resort of Acapulco on Friday to demand answers about their fate. Authorities have arrested dozens of police, who are believed . to have links to a gang called Guerreros Unidos, or 'United . Warriors,' which split from the infamous Beltran Levya Cartel. Scroll down for video . Attorney's General office's special agents custody some of the 27 municipal policemen involved in an attack against students in Iguala last month . More than 1,200 security forces are looking for the college students around Iguala, where the aspiring teachers were last seen on September 26, when local police allegedly attacked them and turned them over to the Guerreros Unidos gang . On Friday, officials said they had captured the group's . leader, Sidronio Casarrubias Salgado, along with a collaborator, . weapons and vehicles. They said he was currently giving a . statement to authorities. Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam told a televised press . conference the arrest marked 'the beginning of a new route of . investigation that can lead us more quickly and easily to the . truth.' A masked demonstrator stands holding a photograph of a missing student during protest for the disappearance of 43 students from the Isidro Burgos rural teachers college in Acapulco . Thousands of protesters marched in Acapulco on Friday to demand the safe return of 43 students who went missing in southern Mexico . The announcement of the detention came only hours after protesters marched in Acapulco demanding the students be returned. 'We are angry because this is not an isolated event,' teacher Magdalena Catalan, 34, told reporters. 'Many of us are parents and we see very ugly things in this country that we want to fight.' The government is combing the hills of southern Guerrero state with horseback patrols and is sending divers to look in lakes and dams, but has not found the youths missing since Sept. 26 . Protesters chanted 'they took them alive, we want them back alive,' as they marched. A farmer who protested but was not identified tied reporters: 'We are enraged against the government. It's going to be a month (since the disappearance) and we have seen nothing.' Drug violence exploded in Mexico, claiming about 100,000 lives since 2007 . The case has undermined President Enrique Pena Nieto's . pledge to restore order to Mexico. Drug violence exploded during . the rule of his predecessor, Felipe Calderon, and has claimed . about 100,000 lives since 2007. The Telegraph reports that Guerreros Unidos had been in league with corrupt municipal leaders in an outbreak of violence that left six dead and the 43 aspiring teachers missing this September. 36 other municipal officers have also been arrested in connection to the case.
highlights: Authorities have arrested dozens of police, who are believedto have links to a gang called Guerreros Unidos, or 'UnitedWarriors' On Friday, officials said they had captured the group'sleader, Sidronio Casarrubias Salgado, along with a collaborator,weapons and vehicles . The announcement of the detention came only hours after protesters marched in Acapulco demanding the students be returned .
id: 8df6cbbc20ae313435382e3f2d5845c29f81998b
chatgpt: Dozens of police officers in Mexico have been arrested amidst suspicions that they have links to a notorious gang known as Guerreros Unidos, or the 'United Warriors'. This news comes hot on the heels of the arrest of Sidronio Casarrubias Salgado, who is believed to be the leader of the group, and a collaborator, along with numerous weapons and vehicles. The arrests form part of a wider effort by Mexican authorities to crack down on organized crime and drug trafficking in the country. However, the news will also be seen as a victory for those who have been protesting the disappearance of 43 students in Iguala - an event that many believe is linked to Guerreros Unidos. Only a few hours before the announcement of the arrests, protesters had marched in Acapulco demanding that the students be returned. The disappearance of the students has sparked a wave of protests across Mexico, with many calling for the government to do more to tackle organized crime and corruption. The arrests of the police officers are significant because they suggest that the links between organized crime and law enforcement in Mexico run deep. There have long been concerns that police forces in the country are corrupt and ineffective, and that they are unable to tackle the threat posed by gangs such as Guerreros Unidos. The Mexican government has made numerous attempts to tackle corruption and organized crime in recent years, but its efforts have largely been hampered by a lack of resources and political will. The country is also plagued by poverty and inequality, which are seen as contributing factors to the rise of organized crime. Despite these challenges, the government has vowed to continue its crackdown on organized crime and drug trafficking in the country. It remains to be seen whether the arrests of dozens of police officers will make a significant dent in the activities of groups like Guerreros Unidos, or whether they will simply continue to operate with the help of corrupt officials. One thing is clear, however: the Mexican government faces a long and difficult battle against organized crime, corruption, and poverty. The arrests of police officers linked to Guerreros Unidos are an important step towards achieving this goal. But there is still much work to be done if Mexico is to become a safer and more prosperous country for all its citizens.