article: A babysitter has admitted to burning a toddler so badly during potty training that he was left with third degree burns and needed to learn how to walk again. Mary Ann Garrett was in charge of Caden Collumns' care at her home daycare in El Dorado toddler in October when he was seriously injured. She originally told police the two-and-a-half year old had been burned by another child at her home, although she later confessed. Caden was burnt with hot water from a removable shower head. Caden Collumns was burnt with hot water from a removable shower head while being cared for Mary Ann Garrett  at her home daycare in El Dorado toddler . Mary Ann Garrett is charged with one count of child abuse and one count of interference with law enforcement . She is charged with one count of child abuse and one count of interference with law enforcement. Butler County Sheriff Kelly Herzet says Garrett lied to detectives at the start of the investigation. 'After she had done it and took the child to the hospital, she blamed her own granddaughter for doing it,' said the prosecutor, reports KWCH. Garrett even made her three-year-old granddaughter spray Booth with the shower water, making the girl believe she was responsible, according to investigators. Two months later, detectives brought Garrett back for further questioning and she confessed. Sheriff Kelly Herzet says Garrett ran an unlicensed daycare out of her home. He says she admitted to spraying Caden with scalding hot water from a detachable shower head during potty training. 'I think it had something to do with the child dirtying his diaper in his pants,' Herzet said to Kake. 'And I don't know if it was her way of punishing or what she was trying to prove. Caden spent a month in hospital recovering from extensive second and third degree burns on the front of his legs. 'He was on really strong pain medications, was in so much pain, it was awful,' said Caden's grandmother Leah Booth. Caden spent a month in hospital recovering from extensive second and third degree burns on the front of his legs . He has now been released and is re-learning how to walk following his horrific injuries . 'He was on a feeding tube. He had no appetite, he just didn't want to eat.' He has now been released and is re-learning how to walk. Caden's mother is a single mother and a Go Fund Me page has been set up to help her with the medical funds.
highlights: Mary Ann Garrett was in charge of Caden Collumns' care at her home daycare in El Dorado toddler in October when he was seriously injured . She originally told police the toddler had been burned by another child . But she later confessed to the abuse .
id: 3dd0598ef1abaa7b53472274fa7083e31bef4825
chatgpt: A former El Dorado daycare provider has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for the abuse of a young toddler in her care. Mary Ann Garrett had been responsible for caring for the child, Caden Collumns, when he was seriously injured in October of last year. Initially, Garrett had told authorities that the toddler had been burned by another child, but she later confessed to the abuse. It was discovered that the 22-month-old child had been severely beaten and had suffered a collapsed lung, several broken ribs, and head trauma. In court, the prosecution argued that Garrett had a history of mistreating children in her care, citing multiple incidents of abuse reported by other parents. They also called on medical experts to testify to the severity of the baby's injuries and the impact they would have on his future development. Garrett had faced up to 30 years in prison, but the judge ultimately handed down a sentence of 10 years, citing the need for punishment and rehabilitation. In addition to the prison sentence, Garrett will not be able to work with children or vulnerable adults in the future and will be required to register as a child abuse offender. The case has highlighted the importance of proper background checks and oversight in home daycare operations. Many states have regulations in place to ensure the safety and wellbeing of children in daycare centers, but these regulations are often less stringent when it comes to home daycare providers. Parents are advised to thoroughly research their choices and ask for references when considering a home daycare provider. The Collumns family has expressed their gratitude to the authorities involved in the case and hope that their ordeal will serve as a warning to other parents. They have also launched a campaign to advocate for stricter regulations and oversight for home daycare providers. Cases of abuse and neglect in daycare centers are unfortunately not uncommon. It is important for parents to be vigilant and to report any concerns or suspicious behavior immediately to authorities. With proper oversight and standards in place, tragedies like the one suffered by Caden Collumns can be prevented.