article: (CNN) -- Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged with improper conduct by the English Football Association. The former national team captain responded to a tweet describing Chelsea and England left-back as a "choc ice" with the message: "I hear you fella! Choc ice is a classic! Hahahahahaha!!" In a brief statement published on their website Thursday, the FA announced: . "The allegation is that the player acted in a way which was improper and/or bought the game into disrepute by making comments which included a reference to ethnic origin and/or color and/or race." Ferdinand, a surprise exclusion from England's Euro 2012 squad, has until 4pm on 2nd August to respond to the FA's charge. The charge is the latest twist in an ongoing saga that began last October, when England and Chelsea defender John Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, Rio's brother, during a Premier League game. Terry was recently found not guilty at Westminster Magistrates Court, but has since been charged by the FA for alleged "abusive and/or insulting words and/or behavior towards", and an allegation "that this included a reference to the ethnic origin and/or color and/or race of Anton Ferdinand." Ashley Cole, who plays alongside Terry for club and country, was a character witness at the court hearing. The elder Ferdinand controversially tweeted during the trial, "Film of the day: Liar Liar....starring Jim Carey. What a film!!", in what many assumed was a coded reference to his former international teammate John Terry. Meanwhile, Manchester United has announced that car maker Chevrolet will be the club's new shirt sponsor. The seven year deal will run from the 2014/2015 season, with the U.S. based company becoming only the fifth shirt sponsor in the club's 134 year history. United' commercial director Richard Arnold described it as a "fantastic, long-term deal for the club", but declined to reveal how much the new deal was worth to the club.
highlights: Manchester United's Rio Ferdinand charged by FA for comments posted on Twitter . Former England defender appeared to describe Ashley Cole as a "choc ice" Tweet related to evidence given at John Terry's trial for racist abuse towards Anton Ferdinand . Manchester United have announced a new sponsorhip deal with Chevrolet .
id: 090186fad96048416d9ff3f3e647ffafb3cc727f
chatgpt: Former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association (FA) for comments he made on Twitter. The charge relates to a tweet in which Ferdinand appeared to describe fellow footballer Ashley Cole as a "choc ice". The tweet was related to evidence that Cole gave in the trial of John Terry, who was accused of racially abusing Ferdinand's brother, Anton. The FA has accused Ferdinand of using "improper and/or abusive language" via his Twitter account. He has until August 2nd to respond to the charge. If found guilty, Ferdinand could face a fine and/or a suspension. Ferdinand, who now works as a television pundit, has previously defended his use of the term "choc ice". He claims that it is not a racist term, but rather a term used to describe someone who is "black on the outside, but white on the inside". Meanwhile, Manchester United have announced a new sponsorship deal with car manufacturer Chevrolet. The deal is worth an estimated $600 million and will last for seven years. Under the terms of the deal, Chevrolet's logo will appear on the front of Manchester United's shirts from next season. Speaking about the deal, Manchester United's Executive Vice Chairman, Ed Woodward, said: "This is a fantastic, long-term deal for the club. Chevrolet is a great brand, with a proud history of innovation and performance. We are delighted to have them on board as a partner and sponsor." The deal with Chevrolet is the latest in a string of sponsorship deals for Manchester United. Last year, the club signed a deal with sportswear manufacturer Adidas worth a reported £750 million. The club also has deals in place with the likes of AON, DHL and Casillero del Diablo. Despite the sponsorship deals, Manchester United have struggled on the pitch in recent years. The club finished sixth in the Premier League last season and failed to qualify for the Champions League. Manager Jose Mourinho will be hoping that the club's new signings, including Romelu Lukaku and Victor Lindelof, can help turn their fortunes around next season.