article: A waitress who won an $11.7 million jackpot is doing the last thing anyone would expect, and returning to work after her big lottery payday. Rhonda Meath, 51, of Bethel, Minnesota, says nothing is different now that she, and retired husband Joe, have a lot more bucks in their bank account. 'Have to still mow the grass and get mail and put grandkids on the school bus,' the incredibly sensible and down-to-earth mom of four said after her big win. Money won't change them: Rhonda Meath of Bethel, Minnesota may have won an $11.7 million jackpot, but she is going to keep in waiting tables . And a big part of keeping things the same for Meath is getting back to work at the Lake Elmo Inn in Lake Elmo, Minnesota. 'I actually really enjoy my job,' Meath, who may now be one of the wealthiest waiters in all the world, told KSTP-TV. 'I have great friends here and a great boss, and it’s just really a fantastic place to work, so I have no plans of leaving.' The couple, who will actually get to keep all their winnings because Hot Lotto pays their state and federal taxes, don't even plan on any making any big purchases or splurges with their newly acquired funds, saying they will make a few charitable contributions and get a new car. Even more impressive, the two also plan on starting a college fund for the teenage clerk who sold them the ticket. Doing what she loves: 'I actually really enjoy my job,' says Meath, seen here at the Lake Elmo Inn where she waits tables . Responsible spenders: Rhonda and Joe Meath says they will buy a car and start a college fund for the teenager who sold them the ticket, but have no pl;ans for any other big purchases . The waitress does admit, however, that while the money won't change her, there is one major perk to being a newly minted multimillionaire. 'Oh, I think the kitchen staff is going to be a little nicer to me,' she joked. And as anyone who has ever worked in a restaurant knows, that just may be worth all the money in the world.
highlights: Rhonda Meath and her husband Joe won an $11.7 million jackpot playing Minnesota's Hot Lotto . Despite their newly acquired millions, Rhonda says she will not be quitting her job waiting tables . The couple are even using some of the money to start a college fund for the teenager who sold them the ticket .
id: 5320ef3b5cfe756d7a79b77a488ad6b50b3a1844
chatgpt: Rhonda Meath and her husband Joe from Minnesota were recently in the news for winning a whopping $11.7 million jackpot playing Hot Lotto. The sudden windfall has changed their lives forever, but the couple says they aren't planning to quit their day jobs anytime soon. Rhonda, who works as a waitress, told reporters that she loves her job and has no plans to retire. She says that even with all the money they've won, she still wants to earn her own income and be able to support herself. In fact, the Meaths have made it clear that they plan to use their newfound wealth in a variety of ways that go beyond their own personal gain. One way they're doing this is by setting up a college fund for the teenager who sold them the winning ticket. According to Rhonda, the young man was thrilled to hear the news and even hugged her when she told him they had won. The Meaths say they want to help him achieve his own dreams by giving him the financial support he needs to get a good education. It's heartwarming to see the Meaths using their lottery winnings to give back to their community in this way. Despite their sudden wealth, they haven't forgotten the people who helped make it all possible. They've also said that they plan to donate a portion of their winnings to local charities and causes that are important to them. Playing the lottery can be a risky investment, but for the Meaths, it has certainly paid off in more ways than one. As they continue to navigate their new life as millionaires, it's clear that they're doing so with grace and generosity. In a world where so many people are focused solely on themselves and their own needs, it's refreshing to see people like Rhonda and Joe Meath using their wealth to make a positive impact on the world around them. We can all learn something from their example of kindness and compassion.