article: This is the terrifying moment a fisherman was almost wrestled into the sea by a gigantic fish. The mystery man was dangling his arm over the edge of a jetty, believed to be somewhere in Florida, as he tempted the fish with a morsel of bait. Then, much to the horror of screaming onlookers, the monster leaps from the water and latches on to his arm, seemingly trying to drag him back to the water. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . This is the terrifying moment a fisherman was almost wrestled into the sea by a gigantic fish as he tried to tempt it with a piece of bait . The man, who it is believed had been trying to catch the fish by hand, was almost pulled into the sea by the creature. As he tries to move back (right) the fish refuses to let go, instead latching on to his arm . Video taken by an onlooker shows the pair wrestling the length of the jetty with the fish refusing to let go of the man's arms as he desperately tries to free himself. After a dramatic tussle - which sees the man knocked to the floor by the gigantic catch - he is helped free by two other men. Eventually the fish - believed to be a tarpon - flips back into the water victorious, as the man walks away, visibly relieved, but also appearing to be dripping with blood. It is believed the man had been trying to catch the fish without the use of a rod. The pair are filmed wrestling the length of the jetty, with the fish - believed to be a tarpon - refusing to give up. Eventually the man is helped free by two others and, victorious, the fish flips back into the waters . Tarpon are known by fishermen as the 'silver king'. It is an extremely strong fish with a huge mouth which has extremely small densely packed villiform - or teeth. They can reach 2.5m (eight ft) in length and weigh 160kg (350lb) and while it is not eaten, the fish are mainly caught for sport. It is not the first time tarpon have been known to attack. There have been many incidents at docks in Florida when people who have been trying to hand feed them have been knocked off their feet by the quick fish.
highlights: Man held bait above the water while lying on a jetty, believed to be in Florida . The fish, thought to be a tarpon, latches on to his arm as he wrestles with it .
id: 57fa29561b69966ba5dae640a90ee25e26ed2c8e
chatgpt: A Florida man was taken to the hospital after a fishing trip went awry. According to witnesses, the man was lying on a jetty and holding bait above the water when he was caught by surprise as a fish, believed to be a tarpon, latched onto his arm. The incident took place near a popular fishing spot in Florida, where many anglers gather to try their luck in the surrounding waters. On this particular day, the man had been attempting to catch a tarpon by using bait to lure one towards him. While lying on the jetty, the man held up a piece of bait and waited patiently for his catch. He did not expect the fish to actually latch onto him, however, causing him to wrestle with the animal as it tugged at his arm. Witnesses report that the man appeared to be struggling with the tarpon, trying to release his arm from its mouth while it thrashed about in the water. Eventually, the man was able to free himself from the fish's grip, but not before sustaining some injuries. First responders arrived at the scene to find the man bleeding from his arm and in need of medical attention. He was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment, where he is expected to make a full recovery. The incident has been a talking point among the local fishing community, with many expressing sympathy for the man and admiration for his bravery in attempting to catch a tarpon using this unconventional method. Some have even shared similar experiences of their own, recounting stories of close calls and near-misses with the formidable fish. While such incidents are rare, they serve as a reminder of the dangers that can arise when attempting to catch large fish in the wild. Fishermen are advised to take all necessary precautions when engaging in such activities, including wearing protective gear and being aware of their surroundings at all times. The man's experience may have been harrowing, but it serves as a testament to the thrill and excitement that can be found in fishing, even when the odds are against you. As he recovers from his injuries, he is likely to continue pursuing his love of the sport, knowing full well the risks that come with it.