article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:25 EST, 31 December 2013 . In a galaxy far, far away it may be normal for a gold android to be spotted fishing from a blustery seaside promenade. But not in Kent. Nevertheless the Star Wars character C3PO was photographed rod in hand by Bo and Maggie Beolens while the couple were bird-watching near Herne Bay. In a galaxy...just down the M20: C3PO was spotted fishing alone in blustery wind and fog in Kent . The golden character, played by Anthony Daniels in the hit film series, is usually seen with R2D2 . The well-known birdwatcher had driven to Reculver, a birding hotspot, when he discovered the droid. Mr . Beolens, 64, from Margate, said: 'I’m a keen bird watcher and I had . driven to Reculver to have a look for wildlife nesting among the Roman . ruins there. 'I pulled up into the car park and was just sat in my car when I saw a glimmer of gold along the seafront. 'I am a fan of Star Wars so I instantly recognised it to be C3PO stood there with a fishing rod in one hand. 'My wife Maggie and I were just sat there with our mouths open - it was such a strange sight. 'Luckily I had a camera with me so I took a few photos. 'I have no explanation as to what he was doing there - maybe he was fishing for oil cans? 'It was really misty and so we didn’t see many birds but seeing C3PO fishing instead made our morning.' C3PO was played by British actor Anthony Daniels in all six Star Wars films, which began with Episode 4: A New Hope in 1977. Daniels and Kenny Baker, who played R2D2, are the only two actors to appear in each film. C3PO’s . design is based largely on the Maschinenmensch played by Brigitte Helm . in 1927 film Metropolis, the first ever feature-length sci-fi movie. The peculiar stunt follows sightings of clowns in Lancashire and Northampton - prompting worried residents to call the police. In 2010, 'horse boy' was spotted on Google Maps, then subsequently seen all over Aberdeen in Scotland . Spooky: Residents in Burnley alerted police when this clown (left) was spotted in November. It was two months after the Northampton clown (right) spooked people around the town - before a student admitted it was him . In September, after weeks of confusion and 999 calls, Northampton University student Alex Powell admitted to dressing up as the eerie figure and parading the town. The Lancashire clown spotted last month is yet to be identified. And in 2010, a 'horse-boy' was spotted on Google Maps in Aberdeen - before pictures emerged of him all around the city.
highlights: Droid captured in Reculver, Kent, on a misty day with few people about . Bird-watcher Bo Beolens, 64, photographed the peculiar scene . Follows clown seen in Lancashire and Northampton and Scottish horseboy .
id: b5f3815e536a78342c617eb7baf9ca4a51bce116
chatgpt: In a peculiar scene in Reculver, Kent, a droid was captured on a misty day with few people around. The incident was caught on camera by a bird-watcher named Bo Beolens, who was snapping wildlife when the robotic being came into view. The droid in question appeared to be similar to the models seen in science fiction films, with a sleek, metallic exterior and varying colored lights. Witnesses reported that it moved in a manner that appeared to be purposeful, leading some to speculate it might have had a specific task to accomplish. This sighting follows a string of bizarre events across the country, with a clown seen in Lancashire and Northampton, and a Scottish horseboy spotted by locals. While these occurrences might seem unconnected, experts have noted the bizarre and unusual nature of the sightings, leading some to wonder if there may be a deeper meaning behind them. Bo Beolens, who captured the droid on camera, described the incident as "the strangest thing I've ever seen." He went on to say, "I've been bird-watching for years and have seen all sorts of wildlife, but nothing like this. It was like something out of a movie." Other witnesses echoed Beolens' sentiments, calling the droid "otherworldly" and "demonic." Experts have been unable to determine the origin or purpose of the robotic being, but some have speculated that it may be the product of advanced technology or even extraterrestrial life. The recent sightings across the country have sparked a wave of interest and intrigue online, with social media users speculating on the possible meaning or purpose behind them. Some have theorized that the appearances could be a form of covert advertising or an elaborate prank, while others believe there may be a more serious purpose behind them. Police have been notified of the sightings and are investigating the matter, though they have urged the public to remain calm and report any further sightings. While the origin of the droid remains unknown, its appearance has certainly caused quite a stir, leading many to wonder what other strange phenomena might be lurking just beyond our perception.