article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Fiat heir Lapo Elkann has accused celebrity chef Travis London of stalking him, and lying in tweets in which he claimed the two had an affair. London said in a tweet earlier this month, 'Lapo Elkann is a true creative and a great friend, a great man, and a GREAT lover.' He added that Elkann would 'always be one of my greatest loves and I only wish for him the very best in life' and in a third post described the style-savvy billionaire as 'the most incredible person I have ever known.' Claims: Fiat heir Lapo Elkann, pictured left in February, has accused celebrity chef Travis London, right, of stalking him, and lying in tweets in which he claimed the two had an affair . Twitter love: London said in a series of tweets, pictured, earlier this month, 'Lapo Elkann is a true creative and a great friend, a great man, and a GREAT lover' 'I want to thank him for loving me and allowing me to be crazy,' the chef, who has been romantically linked to Rihanna and Mary-Kate Olsen, went on. The tweets were later deleted, but not before The Dirty posted them. But Elkann has vehemently denied any affair and accused London of stalking him. Elkann told The New York Post's Page Six: 'The reality is he is a stalker, and he is someone who is obsessed with me ... Whatever he is saying ... is a nuisance and unreal. He has been stalking [me] for a year and a half.' Elkann even threatened to take legal action against the chef. London seemed to be shocked at the 37-year-old's hostile response. 'I am very saddened that Lapo would choose to say such slanderous lies about me,' he told Page Six. Untrue: Elkann, ipctured in March, has vehemently denied any affair . Surprise: London, who has been linked to Rhianna, right, seemed to be shocked at the 36-year-old billionaire's hostile response . 'We clearly knew each other very intimately (and) Lapo will always be someone who I love very dearly and who I miss every day.' Elkann, the great-great grandson of Fiat founder Giovanni Agnelli, is not new to controversy. In late 2005, during a night out in Turin, Italy, he ended up overdosing on a potentially lethal mixture of drugs while in the company of some transsexuals. Luckily, one of them - a quick-thinking 54-year-old - saved his life by calling an ambulance. The New York-born Elkann left Italy where he was working in the design department of the family business but returned the following year to set up a lifestyle and clothing company. The member of the Vanity Fair's Best Dressed Hall of Fame, who previously dated female billionaire Goga Ashkenazi, was in japan and China last month promoting a new capsule collection of suits he designed with Gucci.
highlights: Billionaire style king Lapo Elkann has accused celebrity chef Travis London of stalking him, and lying in tweets in which he claimed the two had an affair . London said in a tweet earlier this month, 'Lapo Elkann is a true creative and a great friend, a great man, and a GREAT lover' But Elkann has vehemently denied any affair and accused London of stalking him . Elkann made front page news in 2005 when a 54-year-old transvestite he was with called an ambulance, saving him from a deadly overdose .
id: f12bbe513d16ee46f46073c99d35d99857845a5e
chatgpt: Billionaire Lapo Elkann has accused celebrity chef Travis London of lying and stalking him after London tweeted about an alleged affair between the two. Elkann, who made headlines in 2005 after being saved from a deadly overdose by a transvestite he was with, has denied any involvement with London. The accusation was sparked by a tweet from London earlier this month in which he described Elkann as a "true creative" and "great lover." However, Elkann has dismissed the claims as lies and accused London of stalking him. This isn't the first time that Elkann has found himself in the media spotlight. Back in 2005, the Italian was rescued by paramedics after a night of excess that involved drugs and a transvestite. Elkann has since turned his life around and launched a successful fashion brand, but it seems that his past continues to follow him. Despite the scandal, Elkann has remained resolute in his denial of any affair with London. The billionaire has accused the chef of stalking him, claiming that London has been harassing him for some time. Elkann has not revealed why he believes he is being stalked, but his public statement suggests that he feels threatened by London's actions. London has not responded publicly to Elkann's allegations, but the celebrity chef has been active on social media in recent days. The situation has left fans confused and wondering what the truth really is. The accusations come at a time when the relationship between celebrities and the media is under greater scrutiny than ever before. With public figures facing a barrage of online abuse, it remains to be seen how Elkann and London's confrontation will be resolved. In the meantime, Elkann's fans are standing by him and defending him against the allegations. The billionaire has been successful in business and continues to be an influential figure in the fashion world, but this recent incident has put a dent in his reputation. It remains unclear how the situation will affect his brand and personal life in the long term. For now, Elkann is focused on defending himself against London's accusations and putting the situation behind him. The confrontation highlights the dangers of social media and the complexities of modern-day celebrity culture. It remains to be seen how Elkann and London's confrontation will end, but it is clear that the incident has caused a stir in both the media and the public's consciousness.