article: Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge has described Louis van Gaal as a high-maintenance coach with a 'huge ego'. Rummenigge hired the current Manchester United manager in 2009, and Van Gaal subsequently led Bayern to a league and cup double in his first year in charge, missing out on a treble by losing the Champions League final to Inter Milan. He was dismissed towards the end of his second season in charge with Bayern sitting fourth in the Bundesliga and already out of the DFB-Pokal, bringing to an end a relationship which had not always been easy according to the Bayern chairman. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Pep enjoying life as Bayern Munich manager . Louis van Gaal issues instructions from the touchline against Crystal Palace on Saturday . Van Gaal spent just under two years at Bayern Munich, winning the Bundesliga in his debut season . Rummenigge (centre) meets the Pope earlier this month as Bayern played Roma in the Italian capital . 'As soon as he presented his autobiography in a snobby restaurant, I knew hard times were ahead,' Rummenigge told Germany's Spiegel magazine. 'Louis van Gaal was not always easy-care. He wanted to 'Vangaalise' our club. He has a huge ego.' Rummenigge did pay tribute to a 'good and successful coach', but claimed that current coach Pep Guardiola is a much better fit for the club. 'Pep's a genius,' Rummenigge said. 'He's made Bayern a bit more professional. 'He's got high expectations, but he also respects the culture of this club. He has many ideas, sometimes unusual ones, but never crazy.' Pep Guardiola is pictured on Sunday casting his vote in the non-binding vote on Catalan independence . Guardiola won the Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal and FIFA Club World Cup in his first season in charge, and then strengthened the squad with the signings of Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski from league rivals Borussia Dortmund. Although both transfers were controversial - the first for its timing on the eve of Dortmund's Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid and the second being one of the game's worst-kept secrets with Bayern agreeing terms with the Polish striker even before they were permitted to speak to him - Rummenigge says they did German football a favour. 'If we hadn't signed them, they would now be playing abroad somewhere,' he said. 'Both make the league attractive. 'Gotze had an incredible offer from Manchester City while Real Madrid desperately wanted Lewandowski, and would that have been better for the Bundesliga?' Rummenigge talks to Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher for a feature on Bayern last season .
highlights: Louis van Gaal was Bayern Munich manager from July 2009 to April 2011 . Bayern chairman says now-Manchester United manager has a 'huge ego' Karl-Heinz Rummenigge lauds Bayern boss Pep Guardiola a 'genius'
id: 81b2237d40d70f4fb58c22084c746d53f3f25673
chatgpt: Former Bayern Munich manager Louis van Gaal has recently come under fire from club chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, who has claimed that the now-Manchester United manager had a "huge ego" during his time with the club. Van Gaal was appointed as manager of Bayern Munich in July 2009 and remained at the helm until April 2011. Rummenigge, who has been with the club for over 30 years, spoke out about Van Gaal in a recent interview with German publication Bild. "Van Gaal had a huge ego when he was here," Rummenigge said. "He didn't listen to anyone and he wanted to do everything his own way." During his time with Bayern Munich, Van Gaal led the team to a Bundesliga title and a DFB-Pokal win in the 2009-2010 season. However, his stint with the club was marred by disagreements with players and staff members. In contrast, Rummenigge had high praise for Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola, whom he described as a "genius". Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes as manager of the club in 2013 and has since led them to multiple Bundesliga titles, as well as a Champions League win in the 2012-2013 season. "Guardiola is a genius," Rummenigge said. "He is always willing to listen and learn from others. He has an unbelievable work ethic and his tactical knowledge is second to none." Rummenigge also spoke about Bayern Munich's plans for the future, stating that the club's focus was on developing its youth academy and bringing through young talent. He highlighted the recent success of academy products such as Alphonso Davies and Jamal Musiala, who have both become key players for the club. "We are very proud of our youth academy," Rummenigge said. "It has produced some incredible talent over the years and we want to continue that tradition." Overall, Rummenigge's comments offer an interesting insight into the inner workings of one of Europe's top football clubs. While he had criticism for Van Gaal's management style, the chairman had nothing but praise for Guardiola and the club's youth academy. As Bayern Munich continues to dominate German football, it will be interesting to see how the club's focus on youth development shapes its future success.