article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Chris Brown is reaching into Lindsay Lohan's playbook for avoiding jail: Go to rehab before your court date. The singer's arrest Sunday on an assault charge put him on a path toward a possible prison sentence, but he will be in a rehabilitation facility as his next court date approaches. "Chris Brown has elected to enter a rehab facility," said a statement Tuesday night from his representative. "His goal is to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior, enabling him to continue the pursuit of his life and his career from a healthier vantage point." There has been no indication that Brown, 24, has a substance abuse problem. The behavior that has landed him in legal trouble over the past several years has been anger management. Brown's brutal attack on former girlfriend Rihanna on the eve of the Grammys in February 2009 resulted in a felony domestic violence conviction that carried a lengthy probation period. A judge found him in violation of that probation in August because of discrepancies in proving he fulfilled the court-ordered 1,400 hours of community labor. He imposed another 1,000 hours of work. The Los Angeles County district attorney appears in no mood to cut Brown any breaks, which suggests that prosecutors will ask for jail time for him because of the arrest early Sunday in the shadow of the White House. While the simple assault charge in Washington is a misdemeanor, it could trigger a probation revocation. Brown is in a vulnerable position. The Los Angeles judge overseeing his felony probation could order him to complete as many as four years in prison for the beating of Rihanna if he is found in violation of probation. Brown is due in a Los Angeles court on November 20 for a probation status hearing. Prosecutors have declined to comment on if they will seek to put him behind bars. The U.S. attorney in the District of Columbia charged Brown and his bodyguard with simple assault for a brawl over the weekend in which a 20-year-old Maryland man suffered a broken nose. Brown spent 36 hours in a Washington jail and was taken to court in shackles Monday afternoon. He was released and ordered to report to his California probation officer within 48 hours. The probation officer's job is to prepare a report for the Los Angeles judge who will decide if Brown will be found in violation of his probation. Going to rehab -- as his rep said "to gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior" -- could allow Brown lawyer Mark Geragos to argue that the entertainer is getting proper help for his core problem. The statement from Brown's rep did not disclose where the singer is going for rehab, how long he intends to stay, or what might be a "healthier vantage point" for him. CNN's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report.
highlights: The announcement comes after he was arrested in Washington on simple assault charge . The singer has landed in legal trouble for anger issues . He is still on probation for the brutal attack on former girlfriend Rihanna .
id: 87e495e29e671579b1d92abf71800139130517e6
chatgpt: In another legal setback for singer Chris Brown, he has been arrested in Washington on a simple assault charge. The incident reportedly occurred outside a hotel, where Brown and his bodyguard were accused of punching a man in the face. According to sources, Brown was taken into custody and later released on bail. This latest arrest comes as no surprise to those following Brown's legal troubles. The singer has a notorious history of anger issues, having been involved in several high-profile altercations over the years. In 2009, Brown was arrested for assaulting his then-girlfriend Rihanna, leading to a highly publicized court case and a prison sentence. Despite this, it seems Brown has yet to learn from his mistakes. Just last year, he was sued by a man claiming he was assaulted at a California nightclub, leading to yet another court battle. And now, with this latest incident in Washington, Brown's legal woes continue to mount. Given his past behavior, it's possible that Brown may face more serious consequences this time around. It's worth noting that he is still on probation for the assault on Rihanna, and any further legal trouble could land him back in jail. He has also faced criticism from fans and fellow artists, many of whom have spoken out against his violent tendencies. Of course, it's important to remember that Brown is innocent until proven guilty. It's possible that there may be more to the story than what has been reported so far. Nevertheless, this latest incident serves as a stark reminder of the challenges facing celebrities who struggle with anger and aggression. Some experts have suggested that Brown's issues may be related to his childhood experiences. He grew up in a troubled household, witnessing domestic violence and drug abuse. While this can certainly contribute to a person's mental health struggles, it doesn't excuse violent behavior. Others argue that Brown's fame and wealth have insulated him from the consequences of his actions. In an industry where bad behavior is often swept under the rug, it's possible that Brown has come to believe that he is above the law. Whatever the root cause of his problems, it's clear that Brown needs help. Acts of violence are never acceptable, and it's long past time for him to take responsibility for his actions. Hopefully, this latest incident will serve as a wake-up call and encourage him to seek the treatment he needs to address his underlying issues. If not, the consequences could be severe – for Brown, and for the people around him.