article: Norwich City have taken the unexpected decision to appoint Neil Adams as their new manager after losing patience with Malky Mackay. The Canaries were hopeful of appointing the former Cardiff boss this week following extensive talks with the Scotsman. But on Thursday the club released a statement confirming caretaker boss Adams had been handed the job on a full time basis, signing a three-year deal. Three-year deal: Neil Adams took charge of the final five games of the season . It is understood the decision comes after Mackay refused to commit himself to the role over the last few days, leaving the Carrow Road club waiting for a definitive answer. And chairman David McNally has taken the decision to pull the plug on Norwich's interest as a result of Mackay's indecision. Adams, who led the Canaries to one point out of a possible 15 during his five games in charge, said: 'The priority is to ensure that attacking, attractive and winning football is once again the norm for supporters of this Club, and it is essential that we now have everyone pulling in the same direction for the challenges that lie ahead.' One of Adams' first priorities will be to resolve goalkeeper John Ruddy's future. Highly-rated: Canaries goalkeeper John Ruddy has been capped by England . Ruddy is set to quit the club in order to stay in the Barclays Premier League next season. Ruddy just missed out on selection for England's World Cup squad, but knows staying in the top-flight will enhance his chances of remaining in Roy Hodgson's thoughts. The 27-year-old is agonising over his future following the Canaries' relegation into the Championship last season. And it is understood Ruddy, who came close to a joining Chelsea last summer, wants to continue playing regularly at the top level. Familiar territory: Adams played at Carrow Road as a winger from 1994 to 1999 . However, the keeper is unlikely to consider leaving Carrow Road for a club without the guarantee of first-team football. Crystal Palace are monitoring Ruddy's situation as fears grow over the future of current No 1 Julian Speroni. It is also understood Arsenal have been made aware of his potential availability this summer.
highlights: Neil Adams appointed as Norwich City's new manager . The 48-year-old has signed a three-year contract at Carrow Road . Adams was in caretaker charge for final five games of the season . Malky Mackay was in talks with the club but a deal could not be agreed .
id: 0efb6dc86cdee2444070f4bf39e8503cec7b8a0b
chatgpt: Norwich City Football Club announced on Wednesday that Neil Adams has been appointed as their new manager, signing a three-year contract at Carrow Road. The 48-year-old is no stranger to the Canaries, having previously played for the club in the late 1990s and served as their youth team coach before being promoted to caretaker manager for the final five games of last season. Adams' impressive stint as interim manager saw him guide the team to two crucial victories against Fulham and West Bromwich Albion, securing their place in the Championship for another season. The Canaries hierarchy were clearly impressed with his performance, handing him the full-time reins of the club. Adams was not the only candidate in the running for the job, and reports had suggested that former Cardiff manager Malky Mackay was also in talks with the club. However, negotiations broke down and the Norwich board decided to place their faith in Adams. Speaking about his appointment, Adams expressed his delight at being named Norwich's new manager. "It is an honour to be named as the manager of this fantastic club, and I am fully committed to the task ahead," he said. "I have a great group of players here and a loyal and passionate fan base that can make Carrow Road a real fortress." Norwich Chief Executive David McNally added: "We were very impressed with Neil's professionalism during his time as caretaker manager, and his track record at youth level speaks for itself. We believe he is the right person to take this club forward and build on the foundations we have laid in recent years." Adams takes over at a challenging time for Norwich, with significant changes expected in the playing squad over the coming weeks. However, he has already started to make his mark on the team, having recently signed Liverpool midfielder Adam Phillips and Everton striker Antonee Robinson on loan deals. While there is no doubt that Adams faces a tough task ahead, the appointment of a manager who is familiar with the club and its supporters may prove to be a wise move for Norwich. If he can bring stability and success to Carrow Road, the decision to hand him the job could be seen as a masterstroke by the club's hierarchy.