article: (CNN) -- A California man was arrested on terror charges early Monday morning near the Canadian border, according to the Department of Justice. In a press release issued Monday, the DOJ said 20-year-old Nicholas Teausant was arrested in Blaine, Washington, and was charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. According to the release, Teausant traveled to the Canadian border with the intent of continuing on to Syria to join the terrorist organization known as al Qaeda in Iraq. On Teausant's Facebook page, he goes by a second, Arabic, name, Ased abdur-Raheem. According to the criminal complaint filed by the FBI, Teausant is a student at a community college in Stockton, California, and is a member of the U.S. Army National Guard, though he is in the process of being released by the Guard for not meeting the minimum qualifications. The arrest and charging of Teausant are the result of a joint investigation between the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Modesto, California, Police Department, along with the San Joaquin Sheriff's Office and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, according to the DOJ. According to the FBI's affidavit, Teausant used Instagram and other social media sites to connect with Islamic extremists and to express his desire to conduct violent jihad and "to be a part of America's 'downfall'" In one communication, Teausant detailed his ideas to bomb several public places in the United States, including the day care his infant daughter attends, calling it a "Zionist reform church." Teausant's communications with extremists and undercover FBI agents continued online and in person for about six months, ending in his arrest on Monday. Teausant was expected to make his first court appearance Monday afternoon in Washington. If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. From CNN's Chuck Johnston .
highlights: 20-year-old Nicholas Teausant was arrested near the Canadian border, the DOJ says . He is accused of trying to get to Syria to join an international terrorist organization . Teausant is expected to make his first court appearance Monday afternoon .
id: 35b112d7c8ed46058fd0df5f9d88d418c77d7517
chatgpt: A 20-year-old man identified as Nicholas Teausant was arrested near the Canadian border after being accused of attempting to join an international terrorist organization in Syria. According to the Department of Justice (DOJ), Teausant was apprehended on Sunday, and he is expected to make his first court appearance on Monday afternoon. Teausant was reportedly heading towards Vancouver with the intention of taking a flight to Turkey, from where he hoped to cross into Syria and join the terrorist group, the DOJ said. He had previously stated his admiration for an al-Qaida affiliate and had been communicating with individuals he believed were associated with the group. The DOJ alleges that Teausant, a former National Guard recruit, had discussed his intentions of joining the group with an informant, who later contacted the authorities. According to the DOJ, Teausant had previously tried to join the U.S. Army but was disqualified due to a medical condition.  Teausant, who hails from Acampo, California, was arrested near the town of Blaine in northern Washington state, according to the DOJ. The circumstances surrounding his capture have not been disclosed. “Protecting Americans from the threat of terrorism is our highest priority,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General for National Security, Mark J. Lesko. “We will continue to work closely with our international partners to identify and disrupt those who seek to provide support to designated foreign terrorist organizations.” This latest arrest comes as the U.S. government continues its fight against extremist groups in the Middle East. In December 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that U.S. troops would be withdrawn from Syria, but the decision was ultimately reversed. There have been concerns about the threat of terrorism in the region and the possibility of foreign fighters returning to their home countries. Teausant's arrest serves as a reminder of the ongoing challenges faced by countries in identifying and preventing individuals from joining terrorist organizations. As the court proceedings begin on Monday afternoon, authorities will undoubtedly continue to investigate Teausant's alleged involvement with the terrorist group.