article: Nearly half of Japanese adults are not having sex, with more than a fifth of married men and women said they were too tired from work to make love. Even more worrying, more than 20 per cent of all Japanese men between 25 and 29 said they had little or no interest in sex what so ever. The country's birthrate is in such decline that the Japanese population is expected to drop by a third within the next 50 years. Scroll down for video . Not hot, just bothered: Nearly a quarter of all Japanese women, single or married, said sex was too 'bothersome' (stock image) Researchers at the Japan Family Planning Association found that 49.3 per cent - 48.3 per cent of men and 50.1 per cent of women, had not had sex in the past four weeks, the Telegraph reports. Sex in marriages are in decline, with more than a fifth of men saying they were too exhausted when coming home from work. Nearly a quarter of all women, single or married, said sex was too 'bothersome', and 17.8 per cent said they were too tired from work to attempt lovemaking. These new figures are dealing another blow to efforts to stem the declining birthrate in Japan. In Tokyo's metropolitan area. which has a population of 35 million people, just 250,000 babies are born each year. All work and no play: More than a fifth of married men and 17.8 per cent of women said they were too tired from work to make love (stock image) Android loving: A 2013 documentary explored the rising number of young Japanese men preferring virtual relationships to actual real-life women . This is a shockingly low figure when compared to Greater London's rate of 135,000 children born to a population of just 8.3million. In 2013, a BBC Documentary called No Sex Please, We're Japanese looked into the declining rate of sex in Japan. The show explored the emergence of young Japanese straight men preferring virtual relationships to actual real-life women. 'Why would you get into something as messy, as troubling, as disorienting as a relationship when you could have a virtual girlfriend, a virtual experience, that maybe is even superior to the reality?,' one young man, Roland, says in the documentary. 'I do know a number of men in Japan who use the role play games, the dating SIMS, even advances in pornography, and would rather experience the opposite sex that way than go through the challenges of relationships.' Roland added that the modern Japanese woman 'find men wanting' and that the new generation want independence before settling down.
highlights: Research found that 49.3 per cent had not had sex in the last month . Many said they were too tired from work, or that sex was 'bothersome' A fifth of Japanese men aged 25 to 29 had 'little or no interest in sex' Japanese population is expected to drop by a third in 50 years .
id: 8b7cac1b36b8ead17324530e96666fbbe54951e5
chatgpt: A new research study has highlighted a concerning trend among the Japanese population - a decrease in the desire for sexual activity. The study found that a significant percentage of Japanese citizens are not engaging in sex as frequently as they used to, with nearly half of the respondents claiming they did not have sex in the last month. The research, carried out by the Japan Family Planning Association and published in the Japan Times, revealed that a variety of factors played into this trend. A large proportion of respondents claimed that they were too tired from work to feel any desire for sex. Others claimed that they found sex to be bothersome or simply did not have the time for it in their busy lives. Perhaps most concerning was the revelation that a fifth of Japanese men aged 25 to 29 had "little or no interest in sex." This statistic reflects a worrying trend across the country, as the younger generation appears to be losing interest in physical intimacy altogether. This shift in attitudes towards sex is likely to have significant consequences for Japan's population in the years to come. The country already has one of the lowest birth rates in the world, and as fewer and fewer Japanese citizens engage in sexual activity, this trend is only set to continue. According to some estimates, Japan's population is expected to drop by a third in the next 50 years. The decline in sexual activity is not the only factor contributing to Japan's population crisis. The country's aging population is also a significant concern, as many elderly Japanese citizens opt out of having children altogether. This demographic imbalance is set to have far-reaching consequences for Japan's economy and society, as the country struggles to support an increasingly elderly population with a dwindling workforce. Governments and experts are aware of the problem and are working on solutions to combat the declining fertility rates in Japan. Some have proposed offering subsidies to families who have children, while others suggest tackling the underlying causes of the problem, such as the highly demanding work culture that leaves many Japanese people feeling exhausted and burnt out. Despite the urgent need for action, it remains to be seen whether or not such measures will be enough to save Japan's population from collapse. As the country continues to struggle with the consequences of its declining birth rate and aging population, it is clear that addressing the underlying factors behind the trend towards a lack of interest in sex will be a crucial part of any effective solution.