article: Luis Suarez believes fate has pitted him against Real Madrid on his Barcelona debut. The controversial former Liverpool striker is serving a ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup, but will be available for the grudge El Clasico clash on October 25. The Uruguayan admitted he was surprised to learn he could make his debut in such an important game, but was adamant he will be up to the task. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Suarez scoring a brace for Barca B . Luis Suarez has played in friendly matches for Barcelona, but is yet to make his competitive debut . 'It's a huge coincidence but I'm looking forward to the experience,' Suarez told Barca Magazine. 'You know, I'm the kind of person who believes that things happen for a reason, and of all 19 teams in the league, it's precisely against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu that I'll make my comeback. There must be a reason.' Their was some surprise when Barcelona spent so much money on Suarezd espite the fact that he was serving a lengthy suspension, but the 27-year-old is determined to repay the faith. 'All I can say is that I have arrived with the desire to be a success at Barca that I am hungry to win titles,' Suarez said. 'I have the chance to play for the team that I have always wanted to play for and it's a chance I intend to make the most of. I want to show the fans that I want to be a success at Barca and to help my team mates as much as I can.' Suarez is currently serving a ban for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup . Luis Suarez has been banned from playing for Barcelona but has featured for Uruguay recently . VIDEO Suarez scores a brace for Barca B .
highlights: Luis Suarez joined Barcelona from Liverpool but is yet to play for the club . The Uruguayan forward is currently banned for biting Giorgio Chiellini . But Suarez could make his debut against Real Madrid . The former Liverpool man said he believed it was fate .
id: c26d50dc5f968d5575420c0006be7c897829b7d9
chatgpt: Barcelona and Real Madrid, two of the biggest rivals in football, are set to clash once again. But what makes this year's El Clasico even more exciting is the possible debut of Barcelona's star striker Luis Suarez. Suarez joined Barcelona from Liverpool during the summer transfer window, but has been serving a ban for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during the 2014 World Cup. He has been training with his new team mates and is eagerly waiting for his first game in the Barcelona colours. Suarez has been vocal about his eagerness to play and spoke about his excitement ahead of the El Clasico. "I have joined one of the biggest clubs in the world and now I have the chance to play against one of our biggest rivals. It feels like fate," the Uruguayan forward told Catalan radio station Rac1. Barcelona and Real Madrid have a long-standing rivalry dating back decades, with each team vying for supremacy on the global football stage. They have faced each other in the La Liga, Copa del Rey finals and the UEFA Champions League, with Barcelona faring better in recent years. But with Suarez in their ranks, Barcelona are hoping to strengthen their attacking force and finally end Real Madrid's dominance in Spain. His skill and scoring prowess has already been proven in Liverpool where he scored 31 goals in 33 Premier League appearances. Suarez will be hoping to slot straight into Barcelona's lineup, but it remains to be seen how the team will incorporate him into their style of play. The club's coach, Luis Enrique, is known for his attacking style of play, and Suarez's addition will only serve to make Barcelona even more formidable. The El Clasico is always a highly-anticipated event, but with Suarez possibly making his debut, it's become an event that the football world simply cannot afford to miss. The countdown is on, and all eyes will be on Suarez and Barcelona as they look to take on their arch-rivals in one of the most exciting fixtures in world football.