article: (CNN) -- The driver of a train that jumped the tracks last month at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport -- after having reportedly "dozed off" -- has been fired, a transit authority spokeswoman said Friday. The early morning incident at one of the nation's busiest airports was the operator's second serious safety violation, according to Chicago Transit Authority spokeswoman Tammy Chase. That said, Chase said the woman was primarily terminated because of the severity of that crash, which injured 32 people. The development came the same day the transit authority announced several policy changes aimed at enhancing safety. They include requirements that train operators not be working at least one day in a seven-day period and must have at least 10 hours off between shifts (up from the previous 8-hour mandate). Train operators also can't work more than 12 hours (including layover times and non-driving duties) in a 14-hour period. Fresh restrictions were also placed on those in their first year of operating trains: They can't do so more than 32 hours a week, though these employees can "work other rail-related duties besides operating trains in their other work hours," the transit authority said in its statement Friday. These revised guidelines are "nearly identical" to those used by other transit agencies, according to Chase. She said "nothing about the operator's work schedule suggests that fatigue should have played a factor in her performance." The driver had a day off four days before the incident, hadn't worked for 18 hours before coming to work that day and worked 55.7 hours in the seven previous days (less than 44 of those as a rail operator), according to the transit authority spokeswoman. That said, Chase acknowledged, "The O'Hare incident prompted us to take a closer look at our scheduling." The wreck occurred at 2:52 a.m. on March 24, when an eight-car train failed to stop at the end of the Blue Line when it arrived at the airport station, a Chicago fire official said. The lead car appeared to have climbed an escalator adjacent to the passenger platform. "I've investigated many accidents and trains do different things," National Transportation Safety Board investigator Tim DePaepe said of the train climbing the escalator. "It's all about kinetic force. I have not seen an accident like this, personally." A union official told reporters last month that the train's driver may have fallen asleep, CNN affiliate WLS reported. "There are indications that she dozed off, yes," Amalgamated Transit Union Local 308 President Robert Kelly said, according to WLS. CNN's Alan Duke and Jennifer Feldman contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Official: No reason, based on schedule, that fatigue should have been a factor . NEW: Incident did prompt transit agency to look at train operator scheduling . 32 people were injured in last month's incident at the end of Chicago's Blue Line . A union official had said there were "indications" that the train operator "dozed off"
id: a6f5aa944cdde133dc38a16184b2e9dffae803d0
chatgpt: Last month's incident at the end of Chicago's Blue Line left 32 people injured, and it has sparked concerns about whether fatigue played a role in the accident. However, an official statement from the transit agency indicates that there was no reason to believe that operator fatigue was a factor in the incident. The incident prompted the transit agency to look at train operator scheduling, but they ultimately found that the schedule was not a contributing factor to the accident. According to an official spokesperson, "Based on our investigation and the train operator's account of the incident, we have no reason to believe that fatigue was a factor. Our investigation continues, but at this point, we have not found any evidence to suggest that the train operator was sleep-deprived or otherwise impaired." This comes as a relief to the families of the 32 people injured in the incident, who had expressed concern that operator fatigue may have played a role in the accident. However, a union official had previously said that there were "indications" that the train operator may have "dozed off" prior to the incident. Despite the official statement, some experts point out that fatigue can be difficult to detect and may not always be reflected in the scheduling. "Even if the schedule looks reasonable, there may be other factors that are causing the train operator to experience fatigue," says Dr. David Lombard, a sleep medicine specialist. "For example, if the train operator has chronic insomnia, that may affect their ability to stay alert even if they're getting enough sleep." The incident has highlighted the need for transit agencies to take a closer look at the issue of operator fatigue. "Fatigue is a serious concern in any industry where people are responsible for the safety of others," says Dr. Lombard. "It's important for transit agencies to have policies in place to address fatigue and to provide training and support to help their employees manage it." The transit agency has said they are implementing additional measures to address the issue of fatigue, including providing training for operators and conducting regular assessments to identify and address any factors that may be contributing to fatigue. In the meantime, the injured passengers are still recovering from their injuries, and the incident serves as a reminder of the importance of safety in public transportation. "We take the safety of our passengers very seriously, and we are doing everything we can to ensure that incidents like this do not happen again," says the transit agency's spokesperson. "We apologize to those who were injured and affected by the incident, and we are committed to doing everything we can to support them during their recovery."