article: Tom Ince has spoken for the first time about the 'dream' opportunity Inter Milan have offered him to follow in his father’s footsteps. It is 19 years since Paul Ince left Manchester United to join Inter, where he spent two seasons, and now the Serie A giants are interested in signing his son, who can join up for a nominal compensation fee as his contract with Blackpool about to expire. The England Under 21 international, who spent the second half of last season at Crystal Palace, has options to remain in the Barclays Premier League but it is the prospect of moving to Italy that has captured the imagination and he has a serious decision to make. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Tom Ince: 30 second freestyle . Like father, like son: Tom Ince could be set to follow in his father's footsteps by joining Inter Milan . Move abroad: Paul Ince joined Inter Milan in 1995 and spent two seasons playing for the Italian giants . ‘It is unbelievable to be mentioned with them,’ said Ince. ‘The history that is there with my old man… It is dreams, it really is dreams. The name of Inter, the history, the stature of the club. There are options there. Going abroad wouldn’t faze me. ‘Look at Gareth Bale – it shows that sometimes it is better to make these moves when you are a boy. I have got to make sure that wherever I am next season, I am a better player. There are still things that I need to learn and get better. But that type of interest is fantastic.’ The list of English exports to foreign clubs has barely been added to since Joe Cole’s high-profile loan move from Liverpool to Lille in 2011 and Ince believes the whole experience of moving to Italy – if that is what he decides – would have a number of positive spin-offs. ‘You don’t see many English players doing it,’ said Ince. ‘Whether it is the risk of the language, us English are very lazy because we only want to speak our own language and if no one else does then no one cares. Sometimes you have to look at options like that as it opens up new horizons. ‘Learning a different language and culture, but I haven’t ruled out staying in England. Wherever I choose, it will come down to a gut feeling. I have got a great man behind me to help and advise me but, when it comes down to it, it will be my decision.’ On the hunt! Inter Milan have admitted their interest in signing Blackpool winger Tom Ince . Making waves: Ince has been on loan at Crystal Palace from Blackpool since the January transfer window .
highlights: Ince is out of contract at Blackpool and available for a nominal fee . Paul Ince played for Inter Milan from 1995 to 1997 . Ince has been on loan at Crystal Palace from Championship side Blackpool . England Under 21 star wants to emulate Gareth Bale's impact abroad .
id: f5b373da9ba034c46d606da25214575c8a724b75
chatgpt: Former England international Paul Ince is on the lookout for a new club after being released by Blackpool. The veteran midfielder is now a free agent and is available for a nominal fee, making him an attractive prospect for a number of potential suitors. Ince has plenty of experience at the highest level of football, having played for some of the biggest clubs in Europe during his career. He spent two seasons at Italian giants Inter Milan between 1995 and 1997, and also enjoyed spells at Manchester United, Liverpool and Wolverhampton Wanderers. Despite now being 53 years old, Ince has still been playing regular football up until recently. He spent time on loan at Crystal Palace last season, helping the Eagles to secure promotion back to the Premier League. Ince has now set his sights on moving abroad and emulating the success of Wales star Gareth Bale, who has enjoyed huge success since leaving Tottenham Hotspur for Real Madrid in 2013. Speaking to reporters recently, the former England Under 21 international outlined his aspirations for the future. "I've always said that I want to test myself at the highest level possible, and I feel like I still have plenty to offer," said Ince. "I've been lucky enough to play for some fantastic clubs during my career, but now I want to try something different and see what I can achieve abroad. Gareth [Bale] has shown what can be done if you have the right mindset and are willing to work hard, and I think that's what it takes to succeed at that level." Despite his age, Ince is still regarded as one of the most talented players of his generation, and he could be a valuable asset to any club willing to take a chance on him. With his vast experience and proven ability to perform at the highest level, he could potentially have a huge impact on whatever team he joins next. It remains to be seen where Ince will end up next, but there is no doubt that he will have plenty of suitors keen to secure his services. Whether he stays in England or moves abroad, he will undoubtedly continue to be a force to be reckoned with on the football pitch for many years to come.