article: By . Julian Robinson for MailOnline . An architect found dead in a walk-in freezer in the garage of his  home in Scotland may have committed suicide, it has been revealed. Father-of-three Colin Machin, 50, was found dead in the deep-freeze in Alva, Clackmannanshire, in June. Due to the  nature of the discovery, police treated his death as 'unexplained' and immediately launched an investigation. Scroll down for video . Father-of-three Colin Machin (pictured with wife Maria), was found dead in the deep-freeze in Alva, Clackmannanshire, in June . Due to the nature of the discovery at the home in Alva, Clackmannanshire, police treated his death as 'unexplained' and immediately launched an investigation . This has now concluded and police said today that foul play had been ruled out. It is understood his death is now being treated as a suicide. A certificate registered on Monday said the actual cause of death remained unknown 'pending laboratory studies'. A Police Scotland spokesman said today: 'Enquiries have concluded and a report has been submitted to the procurator fiscal. 'There are no suspicious circumstances and we are not looking for anyone in connection with the death.' The closure of the inquiry opens the way for Mr Machin's funeral, which will take place at St Mungo's Roman Catholic Church in Alloa next Wednesday. The Machin family have asked for only family flowers but for donations to be made to Rachel House Children's Hospice. Mr Machin left behind his wife, Maria, 51, and daughters Sinead, 23, and Erin, 21. His youngest daughter Orla, suffered from rare genetic condition Edwards' Syndrome, and regularly attended the hospice in Kinross for respite until her death in 2008, aged 10. A police investigation into the death has concluded and police said today that foul play had been ruled out. It is understood his death is now being treated as a suicide . At the time of her father's death, Erin paid tribute to him on social media with words from Dougie Maclean's Caledonia. She wrote: 'Let me tell you that I love you. 'And I think about you all the time.' The Dundee University graduate ran Machin Associates and he and his wife rented out several holiday cottages at their home at Boll Farm. Last year he co-founded award-winning architectural practice Machin Dunn & MacFarlane Ltd, which was appointed to work on the redevelopment of a major site in Alloa. Mr Machin was also director of an Edinburgh based firm, Tigh Grain Ltd, which is due to start work on 48 social-rented houses on the former Alva Academy site. In addition to his work as an architect, Mr Machin was tourism representative on the board of Clackmannanshire Business and was known for his charitable work through the Rotary Club of Alloa which he joined in 1992 and served as president in 1999. For confidential support in the UK, contact the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch or www.samaritans.org .
highlights: Colin Machin was found dead in a walk-in freezer in garage of home in June . The 50-year-old's architect's death was originally treated as 'unexplained' Foul play ruled out and it is understood death is being treated as a suicide . Police say there are 'no suspicious circumstances' and have completed report . The architect was described by friends as 'a great guy with a huge heart'
id: 9407b504b3c1bbc9f283dfe55b77a0e1866231ea
chatgpt: Colin Machin, a 50-year-old architect, was found dead in the walk-in freezer of his garage in June. The death was initially treated as unexplained, but after an investigation was conducted, authorities have ruled out foul play and are now treating the death as a suicide. Police confirmed that there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding Machin's death and have completed their report on the incident. The report stated that Machin was discovered by a family member who had gone looking for him after not hearing from him for some time. Machin's friends have described him as "a great guy with a huge heart." They are struggling to understand what could have led him to take his own life. Many of his colleagues in the architectural industry have also expressed their shock and sadness at the news of his passing. Machin lived in a quiet, residential area with his family. His wife and children were reportedly away at the time of his death. Neighbors were shocked to hear about Machin's death and expressed their condolences to his family. The architectural community is also mourning the loss of Machin, who was well-known and respected in the industry. Many have taken to social media to share their memories and condolences. One colleague wrote on Twitter, "Colin was not only a talented architect but also a kind and generous person. He will be greatly missed." Machin's death highlights a growing concern about the mental health of architects and other professionals in the industry. The demanding nature of the job, long hours, and high levels of stress can take a toll on a person's mental health. Architects are often responsible for creating buildings that will stand for decades, if not centuries, and this weight of responsibility can be overwhelming. The Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) has recognized the importance of addressing the mental health of its members. They have launched a pilot program to provide support to architectural practices and their employees. Many other industry organizations have also begun to address this issue, recognizing the need for greater support for those in the profession. Machin's death is a tragic reminder of the importance of addressing mental health issues in the architectural industry, and of the need for greater support for those who are struggling. His friends and colleagues will remember him for his talent, kindness, and generosity, and will continue to work towards creating a profession that values the wellbeing of its members.