article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- President Obama wrapped up an eight-day tour of Asia on Thursday, holding talks with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and speaking to American troops at Osan Air Base. Nuclear negotiations involving North Korea and Iran highlighted a news conference held by the leaders. Obama announced that he will send American envoy Stephen Bosworth to North Korea on December 8 for bilateral talks on dismantling Pyongyang's nuclear program. "If North Korea is prepared to take concrete and irreversible steps to fulfill its obligations and eliminate its nuclear weapons program, the United States will support economic assistance and help promote its full integration into the community of nations," Obama said. "That opportunity and respect will not come with threats. North Korea must live up to its obligations." Obama also said the United States and its allies were working on steps to take against Iran after its apparent rejection of a nuclear deal. "We have begun discussions with international partners about the importance of having consequences," Obama said. "Our expectation is that, over the next several weeks, we will be developing a package of potential steps we could take that will indicate our seriousness to Iran. I continue to hold out the prospect that they may decide to walk through this door. I hope they do." Iran rejected a key plank of a deal Wednesday designed to ease international fears that Tehran aims to build nuclear weapons. Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said his country will not send its partly enriched uranium abroad to be turned into material for medical research, but added that Tehran might allow its nuclear material to be reprocessed inside Iran, the semiofficial ISNA news agency reported. The deal hammered out in November with the help of the U.N. watchdog agency aimed to reduce the amount of raw material Iran has to build a nuclear bomb. Tehran denies that it wants to do so, saying its nuclear program is to produce civilian nuclear energy and do medical work. During their news conference, Obama and Lee also expressed support for a stalled U.S.-South Korea free trade agreement. The deal was signed in 2007, but has yet to be ratified by the legislatures of either country. South Korea was the final stop on Obama's four-nation tour of Asia. Obama began his trip in Japan before traveling to Singapore, where he attended the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations economic forum, meeting on the sidelines with world leaders including Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. Obama then traveled to China, where he met with leaders including President Hu Jintao. After their talks, the two spoke of a common vision of shared responsibilities and economic opportunities. Trade, nuclear proliferation, climate change and the sticky issue of human rights were part of their discussions. Obama, whose flight will stop for refueling in Alaska, is due back in the United States on Thursday.
highlights: President Obama returning to United States after four-nation tour of Asia . Obama announced plans to send envoy to North Korea for nuclear talks . Obama met with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak to discuss free trade agreement .
id: 70fdfb067cc3bce57c1c562a5c55d60dc2d01200
chatgpt: President Barack Obama concluded his four-nation tour of Asia by wrapping up his visit to South Korea, where he met with President Lee Myung-bak to discuss a range of issues including the proposed free trade agreement. During his time in Asia, Obama had also visited Japan, Singapore, and China, where he discussed a host of economic, political, and security issues with leaders and officials. The President announced his plans to send an envoy to North Korea to hold talks on the country's nuclear program. Obama's announcement of plans to send an envoy to North Korea marks the continuation of his administration's efforts to engage with the reclusive regime and address the increasing threat posed by its nuclear weapons. Obama had previously engaged in direct talks with North Korean officials during his presidency, but the country's continued missile tests and nuclear weapons development have led to an escalation in tensions in the region. During his meeting with Lee, Obama expressed his strong support for the US-South Korea Free Trade Agreement (FTA), which has been pending for several years. The agreement would substantially increase trading ties between the two countries by easing tariff barriers and reducing non-tariff barriers. Obama praised the agreement as a "win-win" for both countries, citing the role that increased trade would play in boosting economic growth and job creation. South Korea has been one of the most vocal proponents of the FTA, and its passage would be a major victory for the country's economy. However, the agreement has faced opposition in the US Congress, where some lawmakers have raised concerns about its potential impact on US jobs and industries. Obama has been a vocal proponent of the agreement, and has urged Congress to ratify it as soon as possible. The President's four-nation tour of Asia was widely seen as an effort to bolster US ties with key countries in the region, and to address pressing economic and security issues. In Japan, Obama met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to discuss trade and security, as well as North Korea's nuclear program. In Singapore, Obama attended the East Asia Summit, where he held talks with leaders from across the region on a range of issues including trade, security, and climate change. In China, Obama met with President Xi Jinping and discussed issues including North Korea, climate change, and cybersecurity. Obama's trip to Asia comes at a critical time for the region, as tensions between North Korea and its neighbors continue to mount. The ongoing nuclear threat posed by North Korea has placed the region on edge, and has led to increased military activity in the area. In addition, the United States and China are engaged in an ongoing trade war that has had significant economic impacts on both countries and the region as a whole. Amid these challenges, Obama's visit to Asia was seen as an important opportunity to strengthen US alliances and partnerships in the region, and to demonstrate America's commitment to peace, security, and prosperity. The President's announcement of plans to send an envoy to North Korea for nuclear talks, along with his support for the US-South Korea FTA, underscored his determination to address the most pressing issues facing the region. Overall, Obama's visit to Asia was widely seen as a success, and cemented his legacy as a leader committed to promoting peace, security, and prosperity throughout the world. As tensions continue to mount in the region, it is clear that the United States will play a critical role in shaping the future of Asia, and that its partnerships and alliances in the region will be key to ensuring a stable and peaceful future for all.