article: (CNN) -- It didn't surprise Reggie Landsberry that his brother was reportedly trying to stop a student with a handgun from shooting when he was killed. Math teacher Mike Landsberry was killed in the shooting at Sparks Middle School by a student who brought a semiautomatic weapon. The student also wounded two 12-year-old students. A witness told the Reno Gazette-Journal that Landsberry intervened at one point. Reggie Landsberry said that his brother, like their father a former Marine, probably was trying to talk the gunman out of shooting. "That was the kind of person that Michael was," Reggie Landsberry said. "He was the kind of person that if somebody needed help he would be there." Reggie Landsberry said it was something they learned from their father, who served in the military for 22 years. His brother loved teaching and coaching at Sparks Middle School, he said. "He was just a good all-around individual," Reggie Landsberry said. Mike Landsberry went to Afghanistan on several tours as a member of the Nevada Air National Guard, his brother said. Sparks Mayor Geno Martini said it was a "devastating" loss. "It's very unfortunate that (the life of) someone like that, who protected our country over there and came back alive ... had to be taken at his work, at a school," Martini said. Landsberry joined the Marine Corps in 1986, attained the rank of corporal and served as a field wireman, Marine spokeswoman Maj. Shawn Haney said. On his school website, the teacher posted pictures of himself hiking in the wilderness and standing with a weapon beside an armored vehicle. "One of my goals is to earn your respect while you earn mine," he wrote in a message to students. "I believe that with mutual respect that the classroom environment will run smoothly." A Facebook memorial page posted in Landsberry's honor had more than 2,000 likes by Monday evening. Friends, former students and others described him there as a great teacher and a hero. CNN's Larry Shaughnessy, Amanda Watts and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
highlights: His brother says the former Marine was someone who helped those in need . Mike Landsberry was a math teacher at Sparks Middle School . Sparks Mayor Geno Martini says the loss is "devastating" In a Facebook memorial, posts describe him as a hero .
id: 82376476c6bd596c38987cdda97d0865e0a1594b
chatgpt: Sparks Middle School in Nevada is in mourning after math teacher Mike Landsberry was tragically killed in a school shooting. Landsberry, a former Marine and member of the Nevada National Guard, was a beloved figure at the school, and his loss has come as a shock to the community. Landsberry was reportedly trying to intervene when a student opened fire on campus. His actions likely saved the lives of other students, according to witnesses. His brother, who also served in the Marines, spoke to reporters about Landsberry's character and service. "He was always someone who helped those in need," said Reggie Landsberry. "That's just who he was. He was always looking out for others, whether it was his students or his fellow Marines." Sparks Mayor Geno Martini also expressed his condolences to Landsberry's family and to the school community. "This is a devastating loss for all of us," he said. "Mike Landsberry was a dedicated teacher and a respected community member. We will miss him dearly." On social media, Landsberry has been described as a hero for his actions in the face of danger. A Facebook memorial page set up in his honor has been flooded with messages of support and gratitude. "He gave his life for his students," wrote one person. "He was truly a hero." Another post read: "Mr. Landsberry was an inspiration to so many. He always went above and beyond for his students, and we are grateful for the time we had with him." Landsberry's death has reminded many of the risks that teachers face each day in schools. In recent years, school shootings have become all too common in the United States, leading many to call for stricter gun control laws. For now, Sparks Middle School is focusing on healing and supporting one another during this difficult time. Counseling services are being made available to students and staff, and a candlelight vigil is being planned in Landsberry's honor. As the community comes together to grieve and remember, Landsberry's bravery and selflessness will no doubt continue to inspire those who knew him.