article: Ronald Koeman admits Southampton's injury pile-up may force him into the transfer market next month as he attempts to extend a wonderful start to the campaign. Koeman lost Jack Cork and Toby Alderweireld during the 1-0 defeat at Arsenal on Wednesday and does not expect key midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin to be fit for Monday's game at home to Manchester United. Saints are third in the Barclays Premier League after 14 games but have not won in three outings and the manager fears the demanding festive fixture list will take its toll on clubs like his, with smaller squads. Jack Cork (left) and Toby Alderweireld limped off for Southampton in the 1-0 defeat against Arsenal . Saints boss Ronald Koeman admits he may be forced into January transfer market as a result of injuries . Morgan Schneiderlin (left) missed the game and is also set to sit out the match with Manchester United . Koeman said: 'We like to be competitive until the end of the season. There's the Asia Cup in January for Maya Yoshida and Africa Cup of Nations for Sadio Mane. 'We have spoken already about this situation. We are looking and with these kinds of injuries, maybe with these kind of injuries you have to do something. 'With Morgan we have to wait. I don't think he will be fit for Monday but may the weekend after. Jack has hurt the same ankle as last season. With Toby we have to wait but a hamstring is always minimum two weeks and usually longer. Alderweireld (left) signals to be substituted as Arsenal Calum Chambers offers to help him up to his feet . Jack Cork (bottom centre) holds his leg after getting injured as Saints players talk to the referee . 'Dusan Tadic was also a little bit injured and tired. We play a lot. You see injuries in all teams. That's the risk in football. That's the number of games they have to play. 'Southampton don't have the number of players Arsenal have, when you look in the stand and on the bench. 'We don't have that, and that is the problem for the lower teams with  this schedule in games in December.' Dusan Tadic also picked up a knock against Arsenal as the injuries continue to pile up for Southampton .
highlights: Southampton lost 1-0 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Wednesday night . Jack Cork and Toby Alderweireld limped off injured at the Emirates . Morgan Schneiderlin expected to miss Manchester United clash too . Saints boss Ronald Koeman admits he may be forced into transfer market . Koeman said Saints 'don't have the number of players Arsenal have'
id: 9fbf13a84ac974d653fdc022278dc201d953c690
chatgpt: Southampton faced a disappointing defeat on Wednesday night as Arsenal secured a narrow 1-0 victory at the Emirates Stadium. While both teams put up a strong fight, it was Arsenal who managed to seize the win thanks to a 21st-minute goal from midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. The loss came with an added sting for Southampton as two of their players, Jack Cork and Toby Alderweireld, were forced off the pitch with injuries. This has prompted some concern for the team, particularly as they are already dealing with a number of ongoing injury issues. Additionally, Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin is expected to miss the team's clash with Manchester United due to a similar injury concern. The situation has left Southampton boss Ronald Koeman feeling uneasy about his team's prospects for the season. Speaking after the match, he admitted that the team may need to look to the transfer market to shore up their roster. "We know that we don't have the number of players that Arsenal have, and that's sometimes difficult," Koeman said in a post-match interview. "Maybe we need to go into the transfer market, but we will see. We have to prepare ourselves for the next game and try to get our players fit and available." It remains to be seen whether Southampton will indeed make any moves in the transfer market, but the team's current injury issues are certainly a cause for concern. With Schneiderlin likely to be absent for the upcoming match against Manchester United, Southampton will need to call on their depth in order to remain competitive. Despite the loss and injury setbacks, Koeman has expressed confidence in his team's overall abilities. Southampton have had a strong season so far and currently sit in fourth place in the Premier League standings. While the defeat to Arsenal was a setback, the team still has plenty of potential to continue performing well in the coming weeks and months. Southampton will look to rebound from their loss to Arsenal when they face Manchester United on Monday. Fans will be hoping that the team can bounce back and avoid further injury issues as the season progresses.