article: By . Laura Pullman . PUBLISHED: . 09:32 EST, 30 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:08 EST, 30 June 2012 . A 12-year-boy is in extreme pain with blistering second degree burns all over his back after doing a ‘salt and ice challenge’ – the latest dangerous craze sweeping the internet. The ill-advised stunt involves putting salt on bare skin then pressing ice on top of it. The combination causes a chemical reaction that burns the skin almost immediately. The Pittsburgh boy, his twin brother and their friend learnt about the ‘challenge’ through Facebook and You Tube. Horrific: A 12-year-boy suffered blistering second degree burns all over his back after doing a 'salt and ice challenge' Slow recovery: Doctors said the boy had the ice on his back for a few minutes - resulting in such severe blistering burns that he'll be recovering for the rest of the summer . Last Friday night, the unidentified boy did the challenge as part of a dare, reported the Pittsburgh Post Gazette. Warning: Dr Ariel Aballay, director of the West Penn Burn Center, warned of the serious injuries the challenge can cause . Lying on his stomach, his brother and friend poured salt in the shape of a cross on his back before pushing ice onto it. The challenge, which has become popularized largely through You Tube videos, is to see how long you can withstand the pain. The boy had the ice on his back for a few minutes - resulting in such severe blistering burns that he needed hospital treatment and will be recovering for the rest of the summer. He needs drug treatment which involves applying lotion four times daily for months and he cannot swim or go outside without a shirt on. The boy’s mother has spoken out to . warn others of the craze, 'I just really want parents to be aware that a . lot of kids are doing this. They think it’s not their kid. They’re . wrong.' Officials at the West Penn Burn Center held a news conference after the incident to highlight the serious dangers of the game. Dr . Ariel Aballay described the injuries as similar to frostbite and warned . the longer the ice was applied the more severe the injuries. 'The . longer, the more serious the injury. This patient went for a few . minutes, but there have been cases that went for six or seven minutes . that resulted in third-degree injuries.'
highlights: The 'Salt and Ice Challenge' is the latest ill-advised fad to sweep the internet . A Pittsburgh boy was left with second degree burns after learning about it on YouTube and Facebook . His mother has spoken out to warn other parents of the 'game'
id: f299c21d29371e49b4186cdcf30d9afc2b6f5a42
chatgpt: The internet has brought about countless positive advancements in the world, but it has also given rise to regrettable fads that can cause serious harm. One such trend is the "Salt and Ice Challenge," which has caught on with young people across the globe. Unfortunately, this trend can cause significant burns, as one Pittsburgh boy recently discovered. After learning about the challenge on YouTube and Facebook, the unnamed boy decided to give it a try. The challenge involves placing salt on the skin and then pressing an ice cube onto it for as long as possible. The combination of these elements creates a reaction that can cause serious burns in a short period of time. Sadly, the Pittsburgh boy sustained second degree burns on his skin as a result of participating in the game. His mother, Andrea Strunk, has spoken out about the dangers of the "Salt and Ice Challenge" in hopes of warning other parents and their children about its dangerous consequences. Strunk first became aware of the challenge when she noticed her son having difficulty sleeping one night. When she asked him what was wrong, he showed her the burns on his hands and arms. Strunk immediately took her son to the hospital, where he was treated for second-degree burns. In an interview with local media outlets, Strunk revealed that she was unaware of the "Salt and Ice Challenge" before the incident. She hopes that by making this story public, other parents can be better prepared and informed about the risks associated with this dangerous trend. "I had never heard of it before. If I had, he would have watched the video with me first and we would have had a discussion about it," Strunk said. "I want parents to be aware of it so they can talk to their kids and caution them not to do it." The "Salt and Ice Challenge" is just one of many dangerous and unwise fads that have emerged on the internet in recent years. Unfortunately, young people are often drawn to these trends without understanding the serious risks they pose. In order to avoid similar incidents in the future, it's important for parents and educators to talk to children about the dangers of following internet trends blindly. With greater awareness and education on the risks associated with these fads, hopefully, fewer young people will be harmed in the pursuit of fleeting internet fame.