article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- An Army lieutenant general has become the first woman in U.S. military history to get four stars. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody will command 133,000 personnel worldwide in the Army Material Command. The military on Friday promoted Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody, who has served in several command positions in her 33-year Army career. She will command Army Materiel Command, responsible for equipping, arming and outfitting soldiers. "There is no one more surprised than I," she said of her promotion at a ceremony on Friday.  Watch: Gen. Dunwoody 'a beacon' for women » . She had planned on a two-year enlistment upon leaving college, she said, and planned on being a physical education teacher. Dunwoody, 55, hailed those who had helped her throughout her career and pledged to do the same for those she now leads. "The Army nurtured me and mentored me, and today the Army offers me the chance to return the favor," she said. She'll command 133,000 personnel around the globe. "She is recognized as one of the foremost military logisticians in her generation," said Defense Secretary Robert Gates. Dunwoody, a native of New York, was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1975 after her graduation from the State University of New York in Cortland. She also holds graduate degrees in national resource strategy and logistics management. She became the Army's top-ranking woman in 2005 when she received her third star and became deputy chief of staff for Army logistics. Her promotion highlights the growing role of women in the U.S. military over the years. Fifty-seven active-duty women and 47 female reservists hold the rank of general or its Navy equivalent, according to the American Forces Press Service. The Pentagon has said that more than 193,400 women have deployed in support of U.S. operations since September 11, 2001 -- the day the United States was attacked by al Qaeda. Dunwoody was nominated by President Bush for her fourth star in June. The nomination then went to the Senate for confirmation.
highlights: Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody promoted to lead Army Materiel Command . Dunwoody is 33-year veteran of Army . Dunwoody to have 133,000 personnel under her command .
id: cdc8698227fa11a3008896b295803d7775d65e10
chatgpt: In a historic event, Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody has been promoted to lead the Army Materiel Command, becoming the first woman to attain the rank of four-star General in the US Army. Dunwoody, a 33-year veteran, has an extensive background in logistics and is set to take command of over 133,000 personnel. The Army Materiel Command is responsible for providing the Army with all necessary equipment, supplies, and ammunition to sustain its operations. The command also oversees the Army’s supply chain and maintenance programs. With an annual budget of over $60 billion, it is one of the largest organizations in the Department of Defense. Dunwoody’s promotion to lead the Army Materiel Command comes after a long and distinguished career. She has held a number of high-level positions, including commanding general of the Army Combined Arms Support Command, and has deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan. Dunwoody has received numerous awards and citations, including the Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, and the Bronze Star. As head of the Army Materiel Command, Dunwoody will have a key role in ensuring that the Army is properly equipped and supplied for all operations around the world. She will oversee a vast network of supply depots, maintenance facilities, and research and development centers, all of which play an essential role in ensuring the Army’s readiness to fight and win any conflict. Speaking about her promotion, Dunwoody said, “I am honored and humbled to have been chosen to lead the Army Materiel Command. This is an organization with a proud history of supporting our soldiers and I look forward to working with the talented men and women of the command to continue that tradition.” Dunwoody’s promotion to four-star General represents a significant milestone for women in the US military. She has already broken barriers in her career and will continue to inspire future generations of women in uniform. With Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody at the helm, the Army Materiel Command is in capable hands and poised to continue its vital mission of providing the Army with the equipment and supplies it needs to succeed.