article: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger felt bad memories of last season's 5-1 thrashing at the hands of Liverpool might have affected some of his players during Sunday's 2-2 draw at Anfield. Brendan Rodgers' side were dominant in the opening half but both sides went into the break level at 1-1, a stark contrast to the last time the two sides met in February - when Liverpool were already leading 4-0. This time around Olivier Giroud looked to have given Arsenal a welcome three points with his second-half goal, but Martin Skrtel's injury-time equaliser earned the hosts a share of the spoils - leaving the Gunners four points off fourth-placed West Ham as a result. VIDEO Scroll down to see how last season's Anfield nightmare came back to haunt Gunners . Arsene Wenger was frustrated with some of his players' performances in their 2-2 draw at Liverpool . Liverpool centre back Martin Skrtel celebrates after scoring a dramatic injury-time equaliser against Arsenal . Olivier Giroud looked to have given Arsenal all three points after his precise finish in the second half . After the game Gunners boss Wenger admitted his side played with too much anxiety throughout, sitting off their opposition far too much as a result. He said: 'We had problems to get our flow going. 'We did not have enough possession in the game. In the first half it was down to tactical and some psychological reasons: maybe bad memories from last year. Some players were not at their best. 'I felt we played with the handbrake too much, in the first half especially, in the second half we played much better but at 2-1 we sat back too much. Gunners right-back Mathieu Debuchy celebrates scoring Arsenal's equaliser on the stroke of half-time . Brazil international Philippe Coutinho is congratulated by his team-mates after giving Liverpool the lead . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers and Arsenal manager Wenger watch on from the touchline on Sunday . 'When you don't score goal number three you are under threat to concede a second.' Wenger, too, was unhappy with his side's defending throughout the game. He added: 'Overall I think once they were down to 10 men they were not dangerous any more. 'To concede the corner that was a bit unlucky but then we didn't jump with Skrtel. 'Overall it is a fair result but a frustrating result for us because they came back when we had plenty of defenders on the pitch and could have defended the set-piece much better.'
highlights: Arsenal conceded a last-gasp goal to be denied a win at Liverpool . Martin Skrtel struck at the death to earn the hosts a point . Arsene Wenger believes some of his players might have had 'bad memories' of last season's thrashing at Anfield during the 2-2 draw . Liverpool beat Arsenal 5-1 in last's season league clash in February .
id: 0074140a4fc4e6300ea946e79ee7b2ddf65d4a2b
chatgpt: In a thrilling encounter at Anfield on Sunday, Arsenal came tantalizingly close to denying Liverpool all three points, only to be undone by Martin Skrtel's dramatic equalizer in the dying seconds of the game. The 2-2 draw was a fair reflection of an evenly contested match that saw both sides create numerous chances and play with great intensity. Arsenal took the lead midway through the first half when Mathieu Debuchy pounced on a rebound off the post to score his first goal for the Gunners. Liverpool responded well and dominated the second half, creating several clear-cut chances that were spurned by their wasteful forwards. As the game entered the final stages, it looked as though Arsenal had done enough to hold on for a famous away win. However, in the third minute of stoppage time, Liverpool forced a corner that was powerfully headed home by Skrtel to send the home fans into delirium and deny Arsenal a crucial victory. Despite the disappointment of dropping two points, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was positive about his team's performance and refused to dwell on the result. Speaking after the game, Wenger praised his players for their resilience and spirit and suggested that they had put last season's 5-1 defeat at Anfield behind them. "I think some of our players may have had bad memories of last season's game here, but they showed today that they are a much stronger team now," Wenger said. "To come here and play the way we did, we can be proud of our performance. Of course, we're disappointed not to have won, but we'll take the positives from this game and move on." Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was also pleased with his team's display, despite the late drama. "I thought we played very well today and created a lot of chances," Rodgers said. "We showed great character to come back from a goal down and could have won it in the end. Overall, I'm happy with the performance and the point." The draw leaves Liverpool in 10th place in the Premier League table, six points behind fourth-placed Southampton. Arsenal remain in fifth place, one point behind Liverpool and five points behind Manchester United in fourth. With plenty of games still to play this season, both teams will be hoping to build on their encouraging performances in this match and push for a top-four finish. For Arsenal, the challenge will be to maintain their recent momentum and make up ground on their rivals, while Liverpool will be looking to rediscover their scoring touch and mount a late charge for Champions League qualification.