article: (WIRED)  -- AT&T broadband users will soon face a cap on the amount of internet data they can download a month. Traditional DSL users will be capped at 150 GB per month, while subscribers to the fiber-backed UVerse system have a 250-GB limit. Usage over that will be charged at $10/month for 50 GB, the company says. The company says that currently only a small percentage of users -- around 2% -- use this much data a month. If that's the case, it's not clear why the company is bothering to install the caps. It is, however, the same rationale (and the same usage stat) that the company relied upon to explain why it would be capping iPhone data plans last summer, which had hitherto been "unlimited." WIRED: Congressman wants to ban download caps . DSL and UVerse connect fairly directly to a hub -- unlike cable connections where users share a local loop that can become congested. Bulk-bandwidth costs for an ISP are a tiny portion of its business costs, and those prices continue to fall even as users consume more and more data. So, how could a user end up hitting these caps? Streaming video such as HD movies from Netflix, using bittorrent to download movies and heavy gaming with services like Steam can easily eat up lots of data, especially in households with multiple heavy internet users. AT&T isn't the first large broadband provider to impose caps. Comcast imposed a 250-GB cap shortly after the company was caught throttling bittorrent downloads. Time Warner Cable tried going further with trials of a service that imposed very low limits for users, which led to a furor among users and lawmakers. There's little data to demonstrate whether large ISPs actually are experiencing real issues with congestion. Skeptics see the limits as ways to discourage cable video customers from "cutting the cord" and getting their video online, or as a way to pocket profits instead of re-investing in bulking up their infrastructure. Derek Turner, the research director for the net neutrality advocacy group Free Press says the limits will discourage online innovation, and that with the growth curve of internet usage, the limits will soon catch many internet user. "When ISPs force their customers to watch the meter, experimentation, innovation and business will suffer," Turner said. "AT&T's actions are another troubling symptom of a broadband market that lacks meaningful competition, and this move may be the start of a race to the bottom among other providers to see who can squeeze its customers the most. At worst, this is a plan designed to discourage cord-cutting and pad profits; at best, this is another example of an antiquated phone-company business model being forced onto an otherwise vibrant and limitless marketplace." Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2011 Wired.com.
highlights: AT&T broadband users soon to face cap on amount of internet data they can download . Traditional DSL users will be capped at 150 GB per month . Subscribers to the fiber-backed UVerse system have a 250-GB limit .
id: 4ec4e527862d8a690267ec43d524a47742d8598f
chatgpt: AT&T broadband users may soon find themselves constrained by a cap placed on the amount of internet data they are allowed to download. This move will affect traditional DSL users who will be locked into a 150 GB per month download limit, while subscribers to the fiber-backed UVerse system will have a slightly higher limit of 250 GB. The move comes as AT&T seeks to both monetize its broadband customer base and also manage the amount of data used by its customers. With the rise of streaming services like Netflix and Hulu, AT&T is concerned that its network is becoming congested and that its customers are consuming too much data. While AT&T is not the first broadband provider to impose a cap on data usage, it has been one of the few to do so. Critics argue that the move is punitive and anti-competitive, and suggest that AT&T may be doing this to protect its traditional cable and satellite TV businesses. AT&T, for its part, argues that the caps are necessary to manage network traffic and ensure that its customers have a high-quality experience. The company also notes that the vast majority of its customers do not currently approach the limit, and that the cap will only apply to a small fraction of its base. Despite this, customers have expressed concern about the move. Many rely on streaming services to consume their favorite shows and movies, and worry that the cap will force them to cut back on usage or else face higher bills. Critics also note that the move may be antithetical to the ethos of the internet, which was designed to be an open and free platform for communication and commerce. The imposition of data caps, they argue, undermines this spirit and may lead to a less vibrant and open internet environment. Despite these concerns, it seems likely that AT&T will proceed with its plan to cap data usage. This may have implications for other broadband providers who may consider following suit, although it remains to be seen whether customers will accept such limits on their usage. For now, it appears that AT&T is looking to manage network congestion and extract additional revenue from its customer base through this move. What it means for the future of the internet and the way we use it remains to be seen.