article: Louis van Gaal admitted that Manchester United were ‘lucky’ to beat Burnley on Wednesday night and warned his players that they will go out of the FA Cup at Preston on Monday if they play that badly again. Van Gaal confirmed that he will hold talks with United’s owners over the next couple of days to discuss his summer transfer targets, but he is still struggling to get the best out of the players at his disposal now. ‘The first half was not a good performance and Burnley were the better team,’ said the United boss. ‘We could not keep the ball. I want to give all the credit to Burnley. Manager Louis van Gaal was not impressed with Manchester United's unconvincing display at Old Trafford . ‘We cannot have that the next game because we’ll be out of the FA Cup. I think we were also lucky. ‘The second half was a little bit better. Not much better, but a little bit.’ Van Gaal admitted that he was concerned to hear rumblings of discontent among the Old Trafford crowd as his side struggled. ‘I heard the first whistles but also applause,’ he added. ‘That’s a concern because we are playing for the fans. They still supported a team that was playing badly, and I’ve never had that experience with my other teams.’ Chris Smalling celebrates his first goal against Burnley at Old Trafford as van Gaal's side won 3-1 . Smalling leapt above former United defender Michael Keane to head his team back into the lead . Wayne Rooney, who has been switched to midfield under Van Gaal, played even deeper in the second-half on Wednesday night after replacing Daley Blind at the base of the diamond. The Dutchman said: ‘He wasn’t the Rooney that I want to see, but he has showed that he can play in every position.’ After the pre-match discussion about two long-ball teams, Burnley boss Sean Dyche was still able to keep his sense of humour in defeat. ‘The ball has been taken to hospital,’ was Dyche’s opening line after the game. Robin van Persie sealed victory from the spot after Angel di Maria had been upended by Scott Arfield . Wayne Rooney, deployed again in midfield, challenges for the ball with Burnley's David Jones at Old Trafford . Di Maria made up for a lacklustre display on Wednesday night by winning late penalty .
highlights: Louis van Gaal's side prevailed 3-1 at Old Trafford against Burnley . Chris Smalling scored a brace and Robin van Persie hit a late penalty . Manchester United move back up to 3rd in the Premier League . Van Gaal's side next face a trip to Preston in the FA Cup fifth-round . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
id: c3d323204c4384ecd0fcb33a16c6a15676482079
chatgpt: Manchester United secured a crucial 3-1 win against Burnley at Old Trafford on Wednesday. Louis van Gaal’s side produced a commanding performance that saw them climb back to 3rd position in the Premier League standings, ahead of Chelsea. Chris Smalling was the star of the night with his impressive display, bagging a brace for his team. The English defender opened the scoring for United in the 6th minute with a thumping header from a corner. He then doubled the lead in the 45th minute with another powerful header, this time from a cross. Despite conceding two goals in the first half, Burnley came out fighting in the second half and managed to pull one back in the 81st minute through Danny Ings. However, hopes of a comeback were soon dashed by Robin van Persie who scored from the spot in injury time to secure the win. The Dutch striker had earlier missed a gilt-edged opportunity to extend United's lead, but made amends by converting the penalty with ease after Ashley Barnes was adjudged to have handled the ball in the box. With this win, Manchester United have now collected 50 points from 27 games and are just one point behind second-placed Manchester City. Their impressive run of form has seen them move ahead of defending champions Chelsea, who have only managed to collect 49 points so far this season. Looking ahead, Van Gaal's side will travel to Deepdale to face Preston North End in the fifth round of the FA Cup. The Dutchman will likely make some changes to his team ahead of the cup tie, with several key players in need of rest. Although there is still a long way to go this season, Manchester United are starting to look like genuine contenders for the Premier League title. With van Gaal at the helm, United fans will be hoping to see their team continue their strong performances and go all the way in both the Premier League and the FA Cup. For all the latest news on Manchester United, be sure to follow our website by clicking here.