article: Theo Walcott has suffered another injury setback, ruling him out of Saturday's Premier League showdown against Manchester United. The Arsenal forward has only just come back from fitness following a nine month lay-off with a serious knee injury. But Walcott has now returned from England duty with a groin problem. VIDEOS Scroll down to watch . Theo Walcott, pictured ahead of England's game against Scotland,  has returned to Arsenal with a groin injury . Walcott, in training for England last week, has only just returned from a nine-month injury lay-off . Danny Welbeck, pictured celebrating Wayne Rooney's second goal against Scotland, is an injury doubt . 'Theo is not available for tomorrow's clash, he has a tight groin,' said Wenger. Walcott's team-mate Danny Welbeck is also a doubt for the game after picking up a hamstring injury whilst on international duty. Wenger added: 'We will decide of Welbeck is fit after checking on him today.' Fit-again striker Olivier Giroud can, however, help offer Arsenal 'different options', according to Wenger. The France international has recovered quicker than expected from a fractured leg suffered when challenging for the ball in the closing stages of the 2-2 draw against Everton on August 23. Olivier Giroud has returned to training for Arsenal and could feature against Manchester United . The Frenchman has been sidelined after he suffered a fractured leg in the draw at Everton back in August . Football analysts Bloomberg Sports believe an Arsenal win is the most likely outcome against Man Utd . Wenger revealed Giroud could even be involved in the game against United at the Emirates Stadium, although the trip to West Brom on November 29 looks a more realistic target. The Gunners boss is confident when he and Walcott are fully match fit, the Arsenal squad will have even more firepower at their disposal to add to the impressive form of summer signing Alexis Sanchez and former United frontman Welbeck. 'Giroud and Mikel Arteta are both available. It is just a question of how ready they are, but they are available,' said Wenger to the club's website. 'He (Giroud) is three or four weeks ahead of schedule. Originally we planned to have him back for competition at the beginning of next year, so he is one month ahead.' Wenger added: 'Yes (we relied on Welbeck), and on Sanchez as well, but we have Giroud back, we have Walcott back. Slowly they will integrate into the team again and give us different options.'
highlights: Walcott has returned to Arsenal from England duty with a groin problem . The forward has only just returned from a nine-month injury lay-off . Danny Welbeck is also a doubt after picking up a hamstring injury . Arsenal face Manchester United at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .
id: dea2e4c9c604a431ab5a187553b29bfb984855ba
chatgpt: Arsenal's forward, Theo Walcott, has returned from international duty with England with a groin problem, putting his starting position for this weekend's game against Manchester United in doubt. This is a significant setback for the player, who has only recently returned from a nine-month injury layoff.  Walcott, who has been on the road to recovery over the past few months, has been slowly working his way back to his best form. He made his way back to the England squad in the recent International break, but unfortunately, his efforts have come to a grinding halt as he is now nursing a groin injury. The injury is not believed to be serious, but Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has revealed that Walcott is a doubt for the forthcoming match against Manchester United. This news comes as a significant disappointment for both Arsenal and Walcott, who have been hoping to see the player back on the field, scoring goals and contributing to the club's bid for the Premier League title. Walcott's recent form has been impressive and there were high expectations that he could be one of the key players in sealing Arsenal's title bid this season. In another disappointing blow for Arsenal, Danny Welbeck could also miss the game against Manchester United, after picking up a hamstring injury. Welbeck, who has been in good form this season, was expected to play a vital role in the Arsenal forward line. The two players' injuries will come as a significant setback for Arsene Wenger, who will now have to rely on his other key players to step up and secure the points against the team's bitter rivals. Wenger would have been hoping to have a full squad at his disposal for this pivotal fixture, with a victory against Manchester United viewed as a vital sign of the team's potential to lift the title this season. The Emirates Stadium will be the venue for Saturday's critical match, and despite the injury setbacks to Walcott and Welbeck, Arsenal will still have the likes of Alexis Sanchez, Olivier Giroud, and Mesut Ozil, who will be pivotal in their bid for victory. The pressure will be on Arsenal to perform against a Manchester United team who have been struggling for form this season. However, Wenger and his players will need to stay positive and focused to secure the critical three points that will keep their title bid on track. With the race for the Premier League title getting tighter by the day, every point counts, and Arsenal will be keen to maximize their chances of success.