article: By . Chris Cutmore for MailOnline . Follow @@Chris_Cutmore . Tiger Woods has admitted he withdrew from Ryder Cup contention because he felt unable to win a single point for the United States due to ongoing back problems. The 14-time major winner looked a broken man during his slump at the US PGA Championship and it was no surprise last week when he said he would not be available as a wildcard pick for the Gleneagles showpiece. Woods’s season has lurched from one misery to another after undergoing surgery on a herniated disc in March. The 38-year-old endured a very public failure on his comeback, posting his worst 72-hole finish in a major at The Open and missing the cut at the US PGA as Rory McIlroy cleaned up both prizes. Pain game: Woods has been struggling with injury for a while and decided to withdraw from the Ryder Cup . ‘Physically, I couldn’t do it,’ Woods admitted to Sky Sports News about the Ryder Cup, which begins in Scotland on September 26. ‘I wouldn’t be ready and not being able to be there for my team-mates, the captain, assistant captain and everyone that’s involved in the event, I just wouldn’t be ready and I just couldn’t help the team. ‘When your name is called you have to be able to go out there and get a point and I just didn’t feel like I could be ready enough to get a point. Pain in the back: Woods holds his back as he tries to deal with his injury . ‘With that being said it was time to shut it down, get stronger, get more explosive again.’ Woods is now working solely on rebuilding his fitness in the gym and insisted he will not pick up a club for a month. The target for his next comeback is the World Challenge at Isleworth in Florida during the first week of December. ‘Now I need to keep (the back) calm, then strengthen it and then I’ll be back. That’s one of the reasons I’ve shut it down. I’ll come back in December and be ready for next year.’ No show: Woods will not play a part in the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles next month .
highlights: Tiger Woods withdrew from the Ryder Cup last week . Former World No 1 suffering with back problem . Woods says he will not play golf again until December .
id: 908a9e59642cf1e60cfc57844787b95704a94199
chatgpt: Tiger Woods, who has been struggling with a nagging back problem for the past few months, has withdrawn from the Ryder Cup tournament. The former World No.1 golfer stated in a press conference that he will not play any golf until December to recuperate fully from his injury. The announcement brings an end to a difficult year for Woods, who has struggled with his form, and his physical health. Woods, who has been the face of golf for over two decades, has won 14 major titles throughout his career. However, the last few years have seen a significant dip in his fortunes, both professionally and personally. After undergoing several surgeries over the past few years, the 44-year-old was hoping to make a strong comeback this season, but his body has not been able to keep up with his ambition. "I'm incredibly disappointed to withdraw from such a prestigious tournament, but my health has to come first," Woods stated. "I have been working hard to get back into shape, but unfortunately, my back problem is still giving me trouble. I know I still have a lot of golf left in me, and I am determined to come back stronger than ever." Woods' withdrawal from the Ryder Cup has been met with disappointment from fans around the world. The competition between teams from Europe and the United States is one of the most highly anticipated events in the golfing calendar. Woods has been a key figure in the tournament for over a decade, and his absence will be sorely felt. The 2021 Ryder Cup is being held this month at Whistling Straits Golf Course in Wisconsin. The US team captain, Steve Stricker, expressed his support for Woods' decision and wished him a speedy recovery. "Tiger is one of the all-time greats of the game, and he will be sorely missed at the Ryder Cup this year," Stricker said. "But the most important thing is for him to get his health back on track. We wish him all the best and look forward to seeing him back on the course soon." Woods' fans are eagerly awaiting his return to the golfing world, but his health remains the top priority. While it is uncertain when he will play his next tournament, Woods remains optimistic and dedicated to making a strong comeback.