article: By . David Mccormack . Prince, once the undisputed king of sleazy pop, has vowed that he will no longer use rude words in his music. The singer, who turns 56 next month, features on the cover of June’s Essence and told the magazine that he had decided once and for all that it is disrespectful to use bad language in front of women and children. ‘Did you ever hear Muhammad Ali curse?’ he said. ‘Would you curse in front of your kids? To your mother? Marsha [Ambrosius], Lianne [La Havas], Janelle [Monae] … They’re all my sisters. We shouldn’t curse at them. We need to treat all of them, and all people, like royalty.’ Mind your language: Prince has vowed that he will no longer use rude words in his music because it is disrespectful to women and children . In his 80s heyday Prince was notorious for using fruity language in a host of sexually explicit songs including Erotic City, Head, Darling Nikki, Come, ***y Control and Scarlet ***y. His 1992 single Sexy M.F. caused controversy with its chorus line ‘You sexymotherf****r’ and an edited version, ‘Sexy Mutha,’ had to be created for radio and the music video. But since becoming a Jehovah's Witness in 2001, Prince has avoided playing any of his old songs that feature dirty words. The singer recently signed a deal with his old label Warner Bros. Records to digitally re-master and re-release his classic albums. In his 80s prime, left, Prince was renowned for his sexually explicit songs and liberal use of swear words, but he has told Essence, right, that that is all in the past . A 30th-anniversary deluxe edition of Purple Rain is expected later this year and it isn’t known if the singer will go as far as bleeping the swear words on it. Album track Darling Nikki was about a young girl masturbating in a hotel lobby, while Erotic City - the B side of Let’s Go Crazy - featured liberal use of the F-word. It was hearing her daughter listen to Darling Nikki in 1985 that prompted Tipper Gore, wife of then Sen. Al Gore, to go before Congress to urge warning labels for records marketed to children. The industry developed the Parental Advisory labels as a result. Prince is scheduled to release his 33rd album, Plectrum Electrum, later this year. A 30th-anniversary deluxe edition of Purple Rain is expected later this year and it isn't known if the singer will go as far as bleeping the swear words on it . Despite burying the hatchet with his old record company, Prince still has some strong feelings about record company executives. In Essence, dubbed the Prince After Dark issue, Prince criticizes the heads of major labels, who he says are always at the beach. 'Middle of the afternoon. What are you doing? "Oh, I’m at the beach with my kids,'" he told the magazine. 'So we’re working to send their kids to college. And to the beach. We’re not supposed to accept that.'
highlights: The singer has vowed that he will no longer use rude words in his music because it is disrespectful to women and children . In his 80s heyday Prince was notorious . for sexually explicit songs including . Erotic City and Darling Nikki . 1992 single Sexy M.F. caused controversy with its chorus line 'You sexymotherf****r' and an edited version 'Sexy Mutha' was issued . Set to release a special 30th-anniversary deluxe edition of Purple Rain later this year after making up with his old record label .
id: 3ed636a97d9d3fffa0e5bccf355974cb9bbdbf4e
chatgpt: Legendary musician Prince, known for his sexually explicit songs and lyrics, has pledged to stop using profanity and offensive language in his music. The singer has realized that his previous songs, containing explicit language, were disrespectful to women and children. In an effort to set a better example, Prince has decided to create music without the use of such language. In his heyday in the 1980s, Prince released sexually explicit songs including "Erotic City" and "Darling Nikki". Critics and fans alike were shocked and intrigued by his daring use of language, which was considered taboo in mainstream music at the time. However, his 1992 single "Sexy M.F." caused controversy with its chorus line containing the words 'You sexymotherf****r,' leading to an edited version of 'Sexy Mutha' being issued. After reflecting on his past music, Prince has come to the realization that his use of language was harmful and unkind to women and children. He has decided to take a stand and show that he can create powerful, meaningful music without relying on offensive language. Prince is set to release a special 30th-anniversary deluxe edition of his hit album Purple Rain later this year, after making up with his old record label. Fans can expect a new and improved Prince, who has learned from his past and is committed to creating music that is respectful and empowering. In a statement released through his team, Prince said, "I used to think that using profanity and offensive language was necessary to create powerful music. But I have realized that this is not the case. I want to set a better example for my fans, especially women and children who have been negatively impacted by my language in the past. I am committed to creating powerful, meaningful music without relying on offensive language." Fans and critics alike have applauded Prince for his decision to stop using profanity and offensive language in his music. Many hope that he will serve as a positive influence on other artists, encouraging them to create powerful music without relying on harmful language. This is not the first time that Prince has taken a stance on controversial issues. He was a passionate advocate for the Black Lives Matter movement, speaking out against police brutality and systemic racism. Now, he is taking a stand against offensive language in music, showing that he is committed to creating a more positive world for all. In conclusion, Prince's decision to stop using profanity and offensive language in his music is a powerful statement that is sure to inspire other artists. His upcoming release of Purple Rain promises to showcase a new and improved Prince, who is committed to creating music that is respectful and empowering. This is a positive step for the music industry and for society as a whole. Prince's legacy as a pioneer in music is sure to continue, and his commitment to creating a better world for all will be remembered for years to come.