article: One in nine British men have paid for sex, according to a new study. And the likeliest to do so are 25 to 34-year-old single men in managerial or professional occupations, and those who have had a high number of partners. The research, published in the journal Sexually Transmitted Infections, revealed that 3.6 per cent of the 6,000 men surveyed admitted visiting prostitutes in the past five years. One in nine British men have paid for sex, pictured is Billie Piper as Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl with a client . Lead scientist Dr Cath Mercer, from University College London, said: ‘The picture that emerges does not necessarily fit the stereotype of the lonely older man. ‘In fact, men who pay for sex are more likely to be young professionals with many unpaid sexual partners. Many report other hedonistic and risky behaviours including heavy drinking and drug taking.’ Men who paid for sex were also more than twice as likely as average men to have been diagnosed with a sexually transmitted infection in the past five years. Men who used prostitutes made up 15.6 per cent of all reported STI diagnoses in male population. Men who paid for sex were more than twice as likely as average men to have been diagnosed with an STI in the past five years . They also reported an average of 31.6 lifetime sexual partners - more than twice the average for the male population. Dr Mercer said: ‘Men who pay for sex are evidently at high risk of infection, but this does not necessarily mean that the STIs are spread through their paid sex. ‘Instead, we found that these men report engaging in other risky sexual behaviours, such as having concurrent - or overlapping - partners, and so should be considered a core-group for sexual health interventions and services.’ The findings come from the third National Survey of Sexual Attitudes and Lifestyles (Natsal), conducted between 2010-2012 by researchers from UCL, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and NatCen Social Research. A total of 6,108 men aged 16-74 answered questions about paying for sex in a computer-assisted self-interview. The study focused on men as the proportion of women who reported paying for sex was only around 0.1 per cent. Among men who reported ever having paid for sex, 62.6 per cent had done so outside the UK at least once - most commonly in Europe and Asia. This may be driven by ‘hotspots’ such as Amsterdam and Bangkok, said the researchers. ‘Paying for sex may seem more permissible abroad, at a place removed from the day-to-day lives of most men,’ Dr Mercer added. ‘Paid sex can also be more readily available in certain areas so if men mention to their health professional that they will be travelling to destinations known for sex tourism, and especially those where the prevalence of sexually transmitted infections and HIV is high, then it would be opportunistic to have a conversation about safe sex.’
highlights: Men in managerial or professional occupations most likely to pay for sex . Some 3.6 per cent of 6,000 men surveyed admitted visiting prostitutes . Men who used prostitutes made up 15.6 per cent of all male STI diagnoses . They had average of 31.6 sexual partners - more than twice the average .
id: 20ae1ca8ca423e9760d5fab6c80b8aba1e9a988e
chatgpt: A recent study conducted on the prevalence of prostitution among men in managerial or professional occupations has shown that a staggering 3.6 per cent of 6,000 surveyed men admitted to paying for sex. The study found that men in these occupations were more likely to engage in paid sexual activity compared to men in other professions. The study also revealed that men who used prostitutes made up 15.6 per cent of all male diagnoses of sexually transmitted infections (STIs). This is a significant concern as this group of men may be spreading STIs not just to other sex workers but also to their sexual partners in their personal lives. Further analysis showed that these men had an average of 31.6 sexual partners, which is over twice the average of the general population. Researchers suggest that this high number of sexual partners is due to the fact that these men are financially well-off and may have a greater opportunity to engage in sexual activity. The prevalence of prostitution among men in managerial or professional occupations highlights the need for greater awareness and education on the dangers of paid sexual activity. This group of men, who are often seen as successful and powerful, may not be fully aware of the risks involved. This may include exposure to sexually transmitted infections, exploitation and unsafe practices. The use of prostitutes can also lead to social and emotional problems, including possible addiction to paid sexual activity. This can have negative consequences on their personal lives and relationships, and may interfere with their professional lives. The study’s findings also highlight the importance of ensuring sex workers are protected and that they have access to resources and support services. Sex workers are often the most vulnerable and marginalized communities, and it is important to ensure their rights are respected, and they are able to work in a safe and healthy environment. It is essential that men in managerial or professional occupations receive greater education and understanding of the risks associated with paid sexual activity. This can include the prevalence of STI infections, and the harmful impact that paying for sex can have on sex workers’ physical and emotional health. By addressing these issues, we can work together to create a more stable and responsible community for everyone. In conclusion, the prevalence of prostitution among men in managerial or professional occupations is a matter of great concern. The high incidence of STI infections and the vulnerability of sex workers highlight the need for education, awareness and support services. Addressing these issues is critical for creating a safer and more responsible society.