article: There was great deal of political unrest among nightclubbers on the eve of Queensland's state elections after they were sent an anti-Labor text message by popular party venues. The SMS from nightclubs Family and Cloudland, owned by the Katarzyna Group, reminded patrons of the opposition party's policy to 'shut pubs and clubs early'. And club-goers wasted no time in expressing their outrage as their protest was heard loud and clear by flooding the club Facebook pages with complaints. This comes as Queenslanders hit polling booths across the Sunshine State on Saturday with the Liberal National Party set to cop a battering, but hold onto power. Scroll down for video . Patrons received the short message from nightclubs owned by the Katarzyna Group on Friday afternoon . Queensland Premier Campbell Newman and Opposition leader Annastacia Palaszczuk exchange a friendly handshake after their Leaders debate in Brisbane on Friday . The short text message, sent on Friday afternoon, urged patrons to be mindful of some of Labor's plans for nightclubs in Queensland. 'Be careful with your vote on Saturday,' it read. 'Labor wants to shut pubs and clubs early.' Cloudland's Facebook page was soon filled with backlash from club members, some saying the 'text message was a big mistake'. Another angered patron wrote: 'Don't send me text messages telling me how a certain party's policies may affect your revenue. I know how to vote.' Further comments also indicated patrons of Family also received the same text message. Daily Mail Australia have reached out to the Katarzyna Group for comment. The short text message sent my club members of Cloudland (pictured), sent on Friday afternoon, urged patrons to be mindful of some of Labor's plans for nightclubs in Queensland . Club-goers wasted no time in expressing their outrage as their protest was heard loud and clear by flooding the club Facebook pages with complaints . Cloudland particularly received a lot of backlash on their Facebook page just before the state election . One club member was 'disgusted with Cloudland' for their political text message . Another club-goer wrote that it was 'inappropriate to use my details to push' the nightclub's political agenda . Further comments on social media also indicated patrons of Family also received the same text message . The final opinion polls suggest there will be a swing to Labor of 8-12 per cent on Saturday, meaning the opposition could pick up between 15-30 seats. This comes as the latest Newspoll shows the LNP is set to retain government in Queensland but with a much-reduced majority. About 2.5 million Queenslanders are expected to lodge their vote in Saturday's state election. The Electoral Commission of Queensland says 328,601 people have already voted in pre-polling. Voting is compulsory and polling booths close at 6pm.
highlights: An anti-Labor text message was sent out to by the Katarzyna Group . Patrons of Family and Cloudland nightclubs received the text on Friday afternoon . The text warned patrons to 'be careful with your vote' on Saturday's state elections . It was in response to Labor's plans to 'shut pubs and clubs early' Outraged club-goers flooded the venue's Facebook page with complaints . About 2.5 million Queenslanders are expected to lodge their vote in Saturday's state election . Opinion polls suggest the LNP will hold onto power .
id: ba6118b2f4666374519477b576f1266a00014d06
chatgpt: On Friday afternoon, patrons of Family and Cloudland nightclubs in Queensland received a controversial text message from the Katarzyna Group. The message was an anti-Labor statement with a warning to "be careful with your vote" in the upcoming state elections on Saturday. The text message was in response to Labor's proposed plan to "shut pubs and clubs early." This statement did not sit well with the Katarzyna Group, who believed that this proposed plan would have a significant impact on their business. Many outraged club-goers flooded the venues' Facebook page with complaints. They did not appreciate being targeted in such a manner and felt it was a violation of their right to choose their own political preferences. Saturday's state election is expected to see around 2.5 million Queenslanders lodge their vote. Opinion polls have suggested that the LNP will hold onto power, but this unexpected text message has brought a new level of controversy and tension to an already heated election process. The Katarzyna Group's message has been called "inappropriate" and has raised concerns over the role of businesses in politics. The message was sent out to patrons of a popular nightclub, which raises questions about whether businesses should be allowed to use their platforms to spread their political agendas. The Katarzyna Group has since apologized for the message, stating that it was not their intention to influence people's political opinions. However, many still believe that the message was a clear attempt to sway people's votes. The controversy raises important questions about the role of businesses in politics and whether they should be allowed to use their platforms to promote their political views. Most people have the right to freedom of expression, but the question is whether businesses should have the same right. It is unclear how much impact the Katarzyna Group's message will have on the state election results, but it has certainly raised some eyebrows and caused a great deal of controversy. With the election only a day away, it remains to be seen whether this message will sway people's opinions or not. Regardless of the outcome, it is clear that this message has brought up important issues that need to be addressed. With more and more businesses choosing to take part in political debates and discussions, it is important to consider the potential impact that this could have on the democratic process.