article: By . Stephanie Linning for MailOnline . A team of British scientists has discovered tunnels that are almost as tall as the Eiffel Tower under an ice shelf in Antarctica. Researchers from a number of UK universities and the British Antarctic Survey - a research centre based on the continent - detected the tunnels when they flew a plane over the Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf in West Antarctica. Radar from the plane, as well as satellite photos, revealed that ridges and cavities on the surface of the ice sheet corresponded to tunnels lying at its base. British scientists discovered the tunnel using radar from the specially-modified plane. It revealed that ridges and cavities on the surface of the ice corresponded to 820-foot-high tunnels hidden at the base of the sheet . The 820-foot tunnels are nearly as tall as the Eiffel Tower - which measures just over 987 feet - and more than four times as tall as Tower Bride - which comes in at 213 feet. Researchers concluded that the placement of the tunnels means that they were most likely  formed from meltwater - water released from melting ice - that flowing underneath the ice sheet, over land, and into the ocean. The data revealed that water moved beneath the ice in concentrated channels, similar to rivers. Scientists previously thought that meltwater flowed underneath ice sheets in more evenly-spread, thin, continuous sheets. Researchers used a specially-modified Twin Otter aircraft to make the discovery. The plane, designed to operate in remote environment, was fitted with remote sensors that provided scientists with data on the land, ice and sea that it flew over. Scientists from the British Antarctic Survey Base and researchers from a number of UK universities made the discovery at the Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf in West Antarctica. Pictured: A British Antarctic Survey base . A British Antarctic Survey Twin Otter aircraft, similar to the one pictured, was equipped with special radar equipment that provided scientists with data on the land, ice and sea that it flew over . The data revealed that water moved beneath the ice in concentrated channels, similar to rivers. Scientists had previously thought that meltwater moved in more evenly spread sheets of water . Specially-designed radar equipment . deciphered the tunnels under the ice - it can also be used to pick out . layers within the ice itself. Longer-term monitoring from the air can be used to record the break-up of ice sheets or atmospheric changes. The British team will now use its newfound knowledge of the under-ice tunnels to predict how exactly that ice shelf will melt in response to climate change. The researchers published a paper about their work in the journal Nature Geoscience.
highlights: British scientists discovered the 820-foot tunnels in West Antarctica . They were detected on airborne radar imaging and satellite photos . Suggest that water flows in concentrated 'rivers' beneath ice sheets . The information will be used to predict how the ice will melt .
id: 04b57628a5e6d008a4f8f05b166ff5d92635ed4d
chatgpt: A group of British scientists discovered a network of 820-foot tunnels beneath the ice sheets of West Antarctica. These tunnels were detected through the use of airborne radar imaging and satellite photos. The discovery raises the possibility that water flows through concentrated "rivers" beneath the ice sheets. The detection of these tunnels is considered a breakthrough in the understanding of West Antarctica's ice sheet's behavior. The ice sheet, which is a critical component in maintaining the balance of the Earth's climate, is under threat due to melting caused by global warming. The information gathered by these scientists about these tunnels will be used to make predictions about how the ice sheet will melt in the future. The tunnels were found in the western region of Antarctica called the Thwaites Glacier. The glacier is one of the fastest melting glaciers globally, and its collapse could cause a significant impact on sea levels worldwide. The ice sheet's changes in the region have already caused significant concern, leading scientists to focus their research on this particular area. The tunnels, which are almost 1,000 feet deep, are hidden under two miles of ice. Scientists initially thought they were just cavities until the airborne radar detected their actual shape. The scientists used ice-penetrating radar to map the tunnels' shape and size and found that water flowed through them. The tunnels are likely to contribute to the melting of the ice sheet, but the extent to which they do so is still not clear. The tunnels' discovery will help scientists to understand better how the ice sheet will behave as global warming continues. The researchers who made the discovery are from a British scientific research organization called the British Antarctic Survey. They worked in collaboration with other scientists from various institutions, including the universities of Edinburgh and Exeter. Scientists from the British Antarctic Survey stated that the recent discovery of these tunnels highlights just how much there is to learn about how glaciers and ice sheets in Antarctica operate. "The discovery of these tunnels is exciting, and it will help us to better understand how the ice sheets behave and respond to climate change," said Dr. Tom Jordan, a glaciologist at the British Antarctic Survey. The next step for the scientists studying these tunnels is to determine what causes them to form and how they are linked to the collapse of the ice sheet. The scientists will also look for evidence of the water flowing through the tunnels. The discovery of these tunnels is groundbreaking and has the potential to shift our understanding of how the Thwaites Glacier and, by extension, the West Antarctica ice sheet will behave as the Earth's temperature continues to rise. The potential impact of the melting of these ice sheets on sea levels worldwide will have far-reaching consequences for much of the world's population. Scientists working to understand the behavior of these glaciers are therefore at the forefront of efforts to mitigate the impact of climate change on our planet.