article: (CNN) -- On Saturday, European Space Agency astronaut and World Wildlife Fund ambassador André Kuipers will watch from the International Space Station as each time zone hits 8:30 p.m. -- and track to see who on Earth turns out the lights. Kuipers will blog from 240 miles above the planet as part of the Earth Hour, an annual event that encourages homes, businesses and governments to turn off their lights for one hour to build awareness about energy use and climate change. "We are living beyond our means. That is not sustainable," says Andy Ridley, co-founder and executive director of Earth Hour. "We want to unite people around the world to build a sustainable future." The message seems to hit home. Earth Hour 2012 has commitments from individuals, companies and landmarks to switch off lights in 147 countries and territories and over 5,000 cities, organizers say. Sydney's Opera House is scheduled to go dark, followed by Asian landmarks such as the Great Wall of China, the Tokyo Tower, Taipei 101 and the India Gate. In Dubai, the world's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, will switch off its lights. Other landmarks pledged to switch off: The Eiffel Tower in Paris, London's Big Ben, the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro and the Empire State Building in New York. Kuipers will watch the spectacle from orbit, sharing photos and live commentary on the event from space for the first time. Taking place on the last Saturday each March, the numbers of people and countries participating has increased each year, Ridley says. "It became easier than ever to connect people around the world," says Ridley. But Earth Hour's long term goal is to go "beyond the hour." For Ridley, the important question is not if action on climate change is happening, but "is it happening fast enough," he says. "We need to move a lot further, faster and as soon as possible. That is the big challenge, that we all move and that the economies can adapt to the change." Organized by the World Wildlife Fund, Earth Hour started in Sydney in 2007, when WWF-Australia encouraged 2.2 million individuals and more than 2,000 businessmen to turn off their lights for one hour to support action on climate change.
highlights: Earth Hour asks individuals and businesses to turn off their lights at 8:30 p.m. The Sydney Opera House, Empire State Building and Eiffel Tower will go black . Organizers have pledges from 147 countries and over 5,000 cities to go dark . An astronaut on the International Space Station will blog on event from orbit .
id: b81d8fc37d85b45e598ffe550ffabce8b84d33c6
chatgpt: Earth Hour, the annual campaign to raise awareness about climate change, is set to take place on March 27th at 8:30 p.m. local time. The initiative, started by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) in 2007, asks individuals and businesses to turn off their lights for one hour as a symbolic gesture of support for the planet. This year, the campaign has received pledges from 147 countries and over 5,000 cities to participate in the lights-out event. Some of the most famous landmarks in the world, including the Sydney Opera House, the Empire State Building, and the Eiffel Tower, will go dark in support of Earth Hour. The Earth Hour website lists a number of activities that people can do during the hour, such as stargazing, candlelit dinners, or taking a walk in the moonlight. The website states that the goal of the campaign is to inspire individuals to take action to protect the planet beyond the hour. In addition to the widespread participation of individuals and businesses, Earth Hour has also attracted the attention of the international space community. An astronaut on the International Space Station, currently orbiting the earth, will blog about the event from space. The astronaut, whose identity has not been revealed, will share thoughts on the importance of protecting the planet from a unique perspective. The WWF hopes that Earth Hour will inspire people to think about their own actions and the impact they have on the environment. The organization notes that the event has helped spur changes in policy and behavior around the world, such as the adoption of renewable energy sources and policies to protect wildlife. The 2021 edition of Earth Hour comes at a critical time for the planet. The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic downturns have led to a decrease in carbon emissions. However, many experts warn that this decrease is temporary and that more needs to be done to address the root causes of climate change. In a statement, the WWF notes that Earth Hour is a reminder that every individual has the power to make a difference in the fight against climate change. The organization encourages people and businesses to use the event as an opportunity to reflect on their own actions and to take steps to reduce their carbon footprint. As 8:30 p.m. local time approaches on March 27th, people around the world will switch off their lights in a symbolic show of support for the planet. Whether participating in stargazing or reading by candlelight, Earth Hour offers a chance for individuals to come together in a shared goal of protecting the planet for future generations.