article: Can Liverpool's new boys fill the void left by Luis Suarez? Liverpool are on the verge of completing a £30million double swoop for Belgium World Cup star Divock Origi and Benfica winger Lazar Markovic. Origi was pictured arriving in Liverpool on Wednesday to discuss terms with Reds officials at their Melwood training ground and could undergo his medical alongside Markovic on Thursday. A £19.8million fee for Markovic is believed to have been agreed with Benfica - which activated his release clause - while Origi looks sets to cost Liverpool £10m from French outfit Lille, although Tottenham are attempted to snatch the Belgian striker for themselves. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Divock Origi in action during Belgium training . Anfield bound? Origi (right) has flew into Liverpool earlier this month to discuss a possible move to the club . Arriving: Origi (pictured with orange sleeves) was taken into Liverpool's Melwood training ground . Not done yet: Although Origi arrived on Merseyside a deal has not yet been finalised . Wanted man: Tottenham are also interested in the striker and could look to scupper the deal . Target: Atletico Madrid have joined the race to sign Liverpool target, Belgium striker Divock Origi . Done deal: Liverpool met the £20million release clause in Lazar Markovic's Benfica contract . Manager Brendan Rodgers is keen to spend the £75m he will recuperate from the sale of Luis Suarez to Barcelona and he is nearing adding Markovic to his squad. The Anfield club have been in discussions with Benfica for weeks over a deal for their 20-year-old winger. Markovic has played 12 times for Serbia, scoring twice, and he netted seven goals in 49 appearances for Benfica last season. Origi meanwhile impressed at the World Cup, scoring for Belgium against Russia during the group stages after replacing Chelsea forward Romelu Lukaku in the starting line-up. The 19-year-old scored seven goals in 45 appearances for Lille last season. Target: Markovic will undergo his medical at Anfield on Thursday ahead of his move . Prospect: 19-year-old Origi has already been scouted by several top Premier League clubs after a good season . Origi would not commit on where his future lay when asked in an event in his hometown of  Houthalen-Helchteren. 'I myself am still thinking about it,' he told reporters. 'It is true that there are offers from all over Europe. Now I have to look carefully where I will grow as a player and as a person. 'I think things will be clearer within two weeks at the most.'
highlights: Origi was pictured arriving in Liverpool ahead of potential £10m move . The 19-year-old Lille forward impressed during World Cup for Belgium . Markovic will undergo medical at Anfield on Thursday ahead of move . Benfica winger looks set to move to Liverpool for £19.8m .
id: 73f395028d0dcaafaceff9df45747ba0911bf83f
chatgpt: Liverpool FC is making big moves this summer, with a potential £10m move for Lille forward Divock Origi and a £19.8m move for Benfica winger Lazar Markovic. Origi, who impressed during the World Cup for Belgium, was pictured arriving in Liverpool on Wednesday to discuss terms with the club. The 19-year-old forward has been linked with a move to Liverpool for some time, but it seems that negotiations have finally reached a point where a deal is possible. If Liverpool manages to sign Origi, it would be a great coup for the club. As a young talent with a bright future, Origi would provide valuable depth to Liverpool's attack and could eventually develop into a star player for the club. Meanwhile, Markovic is also set to undergo a medical at Anfield on Thursday ahead of his move from Benfica. The 20-year-old winger has long been a target for Liverpool, and it seems that the club has finally reached an agreement with Benfica on a transfer fee. Markovic will bring pace and skill to Liverpool's attack, making him a great addition to the team. He has already proven himself as a talented player in Portugal, and Liverpool fans are no doubt excited to see what he can do in the Premier League. Liverpool has been busy this summer, as they seek to build a team that can compete for the top honors in both the domestic and European competitions. With the signings of Origi and Markovic, Liverpool is showing that they are willing to invest in young talent, with an eye on the future. It remains to be seen how these two signings will pan out, but Liverpool fans are sure to be excited about the potential they bring to the team. With great coaching and support, these young players could develop into stars and help Liverpool win more silverware in the years to come. Overall, Liverpool's transfer activity this summer has been impressive, and the signings of Origi and Markovic only add to the excitement surrounding the club. With the start of the Premier League season fast approaching, Liverpool fans can't wait to see how the team will perform with these new signings on board.