article: Totteham manager Mauricio Pochettino has urged supporters to stop booing Emmanuel Adebayor ahead of Saturday’s clash against Arsenal. The Togolese striker came close to leaving White Hart Lane on transfer deadline day but saw a loan move to West Ham thwarted by chairman Daniel Levy, while the forward rejected moves to Queens Park Rangers and Crystal Palace. Adebayor has been targeted by supporters in recent weeks following comments made by the former Arsenal striker criticising Spurs fans. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says fans must stop booing Emmanuel Adebayor . The Togo striker came close to leaving White Hart Lane on transfer deadline day . But Pochettino insists it is time for supporters to move on and get behind Adebayor – who holds the record for most goals scored in North London Derby’s, with eight goals. ‘Would I like the fans to stop booing Ade? Yes, yes, yes,’ said the Argentine. ‘It’s important that the fans forget the past. And I think he explained why he made the comments. ‘And now, all together, we need to try to get the success. Because we are in a key moment. We need to put out the bad things, the bad energy, we need to try to help each other and try to get the success. ‘He is a long way towards recovering his confidence and his levels - and that is our job: to try to push him and help him and get him in the best condition to improve quickly.’ Pochettino insists it is time for fans to get behind their forward ahead of the game against Arsenal . Meanwhile, Southampton boss Ronald Koeman has responded light-heartedly to claims from former Saints manager Pochettino that he inherited a ‘winning team’ when he took over at St Mary’s in the summer. Speaking to Catalan radio, Pochettino said: ‘You have to say that they invested close to 80million euros (£59.8million) in the summer and it was already a winning team on the up. ‘When we arrived at Southampton in January of 2013 they had the team that had conceded the most goals in the league. It was a team with a lot of problems, with players like Adam Lallana who wasn’t playing and Luke Shaw who wasn’t playing but in one and a half years we turned it round.’ But Koemansaid: ‘He is free to give his opinions, I’m happy in Southampton and thank you Mauricio; I have an easy job!’
highlights: Mauricio Pochettino urges Tottenham fans to stop booing Emmanuel Adebayor . Adebayor came close to leaving White Hart Lane on transfer deadline day . Pochettino says it is time for the Spurs supporters to get behind their forward .
id: 344e0377ddbc8754346a539f39d41342eb68d76e
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino has urged the club's fans to stop booing striker Emmanuel Adebayor. The Togo international came close to leaving White Hart Lane on transfer deadline day, but ultimately remained with the north London club. Adebayor has been the subject of criticism from Tottenham supporters this season due to his inconsistent performances and perceived lack of effort on the pitch. However, Pochettino believes it is time for the Spurs faithful to get behind their forward. Speaking to reporters ahead of Tottenham's Premier League clash with Aston Villa, Pochettino said: "We need to give Emmanuel the support he needs. He is a talented player with a lot of experience and he can help us achieve our goals this season." The Argentine added: "I understand that the fans have their opinions, but we are all part of the same team and we need to work together. I am confident that Emmanuel will repay the faith shown in him by the supporters." Adebayor has endured a difficult season so far, having scored just two goals in 12 Premier League appearances. However, he did find the net in Tottenham's 3-1 win over Sunderland last month, and Pochettino is hoping that the striker can build on that performance. The Spurs boss also addressed the rumors surrounding Adebayor's future, insisting that the 31-year-old remains a valuable member of the squad. "There was a lot of speculation about his future during the January transfer window, but he is still here and he is still a Tottenham player," said Pochettino. "He has trained well this week and I have no doubts that he will be ready to perform if called upon. We need all of our players to be ready and focused for the rest of the season." Tottenham currently sit fifth in the Premier League table, five points behind fourth-placed Manchester United. They face Aston Villa on Sunday before a crucial clash with Liverpool at Anfield next weekend. Pochettino will be hoping that Adebayor can play a key role in helping his side secure a top-four finish and a place in next season's Champions League. The Spurs boss knows that the support of the club's fans will be vital in achieving that goal, and he is hopeful that they will get behind the team as they enter the final stretch of the campaign.