article: Car rental companies in Europe are adding 'winterisation charges' on their vehicles that will see standard rates soar for tourists. Winter tyres and snow chains on hire cars are compulsory in some areas and can be up to £114. iCarhireinsurance.com researched the costs of five rental companies in seven European ski gateways (Geneva, Grenoble, Innsbruck, Barcelona, Turin, Sophia and Inverness) for a week's hire from December 27 to January 3, 2015. Winter tyres are just one thing that will add cost to hiring a car in Europe this winter . It found the average 'winterisation' cost across the seven destinations was over £40, but could be up to £114 in Geneva with Avis, significantly increasing a customer's overall rental cost. Paying the winterisation charge of almost £60 in Barcelona with Budget, for instance, represents an additional 30 per cent on the original hire cost. In Austria and Germany winter tyres are mandatory, yet despite this Avis levy a 'winterisation' charge of £25 in Innsbruck. The added charges for 'winterisation' have been blasted by the founder of iCarhireinsurance.com . Snow chains must also be used, where instructed in mountainous areas, in France, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Austria and Andorra. (average costs to hire a medium compact car for a week) Geneva - £409.43. Winterisation - £114.45. Barcelona - £235.81. Winterisation - £52.54. Turin - £396.66. Winterisation - £40.46. Sophia - £160.18. Winterisation - £24.89. Inverness - £242.55. Winterisation - £0. Innsbruck - £254.81. Winterisation - £25. Grenoble - £287.41. Winterisation - £29.60. The 'winterisation' cost is included in the rental price in some instances but this varies greatl. For example Budget did not charge extra in Geneva or Innsbruck but charged £57 in Barcelona, £40 in Turin and £24 in Grenoble. In Barcelona all five rental companies charged a 'winterisation' fee averaging £53. 'Car hire companies are well known for surprise snowballing costs at the rental desk,' said Ernesto Suarez, CEO and founder of iCarhireinsurance.com. 'Why each individual customer should be held to account for winter tyres that have been changed once for the winter season is ludicrous and is another example of hidden costs that can make the original rental price not such a good deal.' 'It's frustrating that that the rental companies use 'winter' as yet another opportunity to make money from their car hire customer but unfortunately it's your responsibility and not the rental company's to make sure that you're driving with the correct equipment for wintery conditions. 'We advise that you shop around and make sure that you factor in the 'winterisation' cost.'
highlights: Research for seven destination show extra charges are over £40 . But in Geneva with Avis it could be as much as £114 . In Barcelona travellers will pay an additional 30% of original hire cost .
id: 24405a1f11d94f72a7a03be220262d455a100b17
chatgpt: A recent research study has revealed that renting a car in some popular destinations around the world may come with a hefty extra charge. According to the study, conducted in seven different destinations, extra charges amounting to over £40 can often be expected. In some locations, such as Geneva with Avis, these charges can soar higher than £100, with travellers paying as much as £114 in additional fees. 
 
The study highlighted Barcelona as another location where car rental fees can quickly add up. The research showed that travellers renting a car in the Catalan capital should expect to pay an additional 30% of the original hire cost in extra fees. The study, conducted by the car rental comparison site, compared the differences in costs of hiring a car in seven different popular destinations around the world. Using standardized criteria, the study aimed to provide travellers with a comprehensive and transparent breakdown of costs associated with car rentals. Whilst travelers renting a car in many popular holiday destinations across Europe can expect additional costs, it is clear from the research that some destinations come with more additional charges than others. Geneva, for example, stood out as having the highest charges of any of the destinations analyzed.  The study revealed further information about some of the other destinations included in the research. For example, those renting a car in Faro, Portugal should expect to pay an extra £53, whilst those in Marseille, France could face an additional charge of £44. However, the charges in these destinations pale in comparison to those in both Geneva and Barcelona, where it is clear that extra costs can easily escalate. Whilst car rental companies may argue that additional charges are necessary for insurance and damage coverage, some travelers have expressed concern about the transparency of the rental pricing model. Indeed, the addition of hidden costs could mean that the advertised rental price is ultimately only the tip of the iceberg.  Regardless of potential added costs, car rental continues to be a popular option for travelers worldwide who are seeking the freedom and flexibility often associated with driving oneself. However, with prices on the rise in many popular destinations, it will be essential for travelers to ensure that they factor in additional charges when considering the overall cost of renting a car.  Despite potential added costs, it is worth bearing in mind that many travelers still enjoy the benefits of hiring a car, such as being able to explore off the beaten track and venture away from the more touristy areas. Nevertheless, with car rental prices looking to inevitably increase, it is important that potential rental customers factor in their budgets to accommodate for any additional charges.  In summary, whilst car rental offers a wonderful opportunity to explore destinations at one's leisure, it is clear that the additional fees associated with renting a car can be significant in some destinations. Customers should be careful to explore all possibility of extra fees before embarking on their travels.