article: Arsenal midfielder Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain claims the club's core for England is a great asset for the national side. Oxlade-Chamberlain played alongside four fellow Arsenal team-mates as England cruised past San Marino 5-0 in the Euro 2016 qualifier at Wembley on Thursday. Calum Chambers, Kieran Gibbs, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck all started with Chambers making his full England debut and Welbeck scoring the third goal during the rout. Four Arsenal players started against San Marino at Wembley on Thursday in the Euro 2016 qualifying match . Theo Walcott has returned to full training at Arsenal. Therefore England could soon field up to six Gunners in one match. Oxlade-Chamberlain believes such a core can only be a positive for both England and Arsene Wenger's side. 'Being at Arsenal I've felt that [English] presence around our dressing room and to be able to come away with England with so many of your team-mates is a really nice feeling,' said Oxlade-Chamberlain. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, in action as a second half substitute at Wembley, sees Arsenal's core as a positive . Arsenal duo Danny Welbeck and Oxlade-Chamberlain celebrate combining for England's third goal . 'I think it's really good for England and I think it's nice for Arsenal as a club and the fans and we've still got Theo Walcott to come back. We can't count him out because I'm sure he'll be back in the squad.' Arsenal's defender Calum Chambers made his full international debut, having featured against Norway last month. The 19-year-old was clearly delighted, playing the full 90 minutes. 'I really enjoyed it,' Chambers said. 'It's an honour for me to play for my country and especially get a start, and we put in a performance and got a win, which is good. Gunners midfielder Jack Wilshere put in another impressive performance as England cruised to a 5-0 win . Left-back Kieran Gibbs took his rare starting spot with a solid performance, alongside four other Gunners . 19-year-old Calum Chambers, tackling during his full England debut, completed the Arsenal core at Wembley . 'The first half they were tough to break down and it was a bit frustrating but we kept doing the things we wanted to do and eventually it paid off and we got the goals we wanted.' Next up for Roy Hodgson's side is an away trip to Estonia in their next Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. There could be up to six Arsenal players in future England games as Theo Walcott returns to full training .
highlights: Winger came on as a substitute during the 5-0 win at Wembley . Joined fellow Gunners Calum Chambers, Jack Wilshere, Kieran Gibbs and Danny Welbeck as England cruised past San Marino . Right-back Chambers made his full debut for the national side . Welbeck scored his seventh goal in eight games for club and country . Arsenal could contriubte six England players with Theo Walcott returning .
id: 359cf5a7070dc73fd94725f033734cb540223017
chatgpt: Arsenal's influence on the English national team was evident as they routed San Marino 5-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier at Wembley on Saturday. The game was particularly special for two of Arsenal's players, Calum Chambers and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, as they both made their full debuts for the national side. Despite the game being a foregone conclusion before it even started, the Gunners made an impact on the game as Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs started for England, with Danny Welbeck spearheading the attack. The majority of the Arsenal contingent was on display during the second half, as Jack Wilshere, Chambers and Theo Walcott all came on as substitutes, with the latter making his return from injury. The final Arsenal player to get involved was Oxlade-Chamberlain, who assisted Welbeck for his seventh goal in eight games for club and country. With Chambers making his debut and Walcott making his return, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger could have up to six players in the England squad for their upcoming qualifiers. It was a good day for England as they maintained their perfect start to their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign, but it was an even better day for the Arsenal players involved. Chambers has made a seamless transition from Southampton to Arsenal and now sees his hard work being rewarded on an international level. The 19-year-old played out of position at right-back for England, but impressed with his composure and confidence for someone so young. Welbeck continues to show just how valuable a signing he has been for Arsenal, as he has now scored five goals in his last four games for the Gunners, as well as an impressive goal-scoring run for the national team. Walcott's return is also a positive sign for Arsenal, who have been without one of their most influential players since the turn of the year. His return could not have come soon enough for Wenger, who is looking to maintain Arsenal's good start to the domestic season. Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League and while there is still a long way to go in the season, the prospect of having so many players involved in the England set-up can only be a good thing for the club as a whole. Overall, it was a good day for Arsenal and England. The players were able to successfully execute their roles on the pitch, displaying the qualities that have endeared them to their respective managers. Wenger and England coach Roy Hodgson will be confident that their players can contribute heavily in the upcoming fixtures.