article: (CNN) -- For the first time in years, "Monday Night Football" viewers did not hear Hank Williams Jr.'s intro "Are You Ready for Some Football?" after ESPN pulled the song from the broadcast following remarks Williams made about President Barack Obama. In an appearance on Fox News' "Fox and Friends" Monday morning, Williams referred to a June golf game with Obama and House Speaker John Boehner on the same team, against Vice President Joe Biden and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, as "one of the biggest political mistakes ever." Asked what he didn't like about it, Williams said, "Come on. That'd be like (Adolf) Hitler playing golf with (Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin) Netanyahu. Not hardly." In a statement Monday, ESPN said that while Williams "is not an ESPN employee, we recognize that he is closely linked to our company through the open to "Monday Night Football." We are extremely disappointed with his comments and as a result we have decided to pull the open from tonight's telecast." In a statement issued through a representative, Williams, son of legendary country singer Hank Williams, acknowledged his analogy was "extreme -- but it was to make a point." "Some of us have strong opinions and are often misunderstood," the country singer said. "... I was simply trying to explain how stupid it seemed to me -- how ludicrous that pairing was. They're polar opposites, and it made no sense. They don't see eye-to-eye and never will." Williams, however, said he has "always respected the office of the president." Still, he noted, "Every time the media brings up the tea party, it's painted as racist and extremists -- but there's never a backlash, no outrage to those comparisons ... Working-class people are hurting -- and it doesn't seem like anybody cares. When both sides are high-fiving it on the ninth hole when everybody else is without a job -- it makes a whole lot of us angry. Something has to change. The policies have to change." CNN's Denise Quan contributed to this report.
highlights: Country singer compares Obama to Adolf Hitler in remarks . Williams statement says he has always respected office of the president . Williams acknowledges his analogy was "extreme"
id: 6af1c3bc432523181e3d709493eaebbc9d3e6b23
chatgpt: Country singer Hank Williams Jr. has stirred controversy after making a comparison between U.S. President Barack Obama and Adolf Hitler. Williams made the remarks during an interview on Fox News, in which he gave his opinion on Obama playing golf with Republican House Speaker John Boehner. "Come on. Come on. That would be like Hitler playing golf with (Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin) Netanyahu," Williams said, adding that the pairing was unlikely to happen. While Williams acknowledged that his analogy was "extreme," he stood by his comments, insisting that he had a right to speak his mind. "I have always respected the office of the president, but we are in a rough spot in America," Williams said in a statement. "The media twists everything and words get taken out of context. I agreed to come on Fox & Friends to voice my opinion because it's my right to do so." Williams' remarks have been met with criticism from both political and entertainment figures. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called the comparison "inappropriate" while singer John Legend tweeted, "Hank Williams Jr. is a true American patriot....except when he doesn't agree with the president. Then he's like Hitler."  Despite the backlash, Williams has not issued a public apology and maintains that he has the right to express his views. "This isn't about politics. This is about the truth," he said in his statement. It is not the first time Williams has found himself in hot water over political remarks. In 2011, he was dropped as the opening act for Monday Night Football after comparing Obama to Hitler during an appearance on Fox News. The incident has reignited debate about free speech and the responsibility of public figures. While Williams may have the right to express his views, critics argue that his analogy was in poor taste and detracts from meaningful political discourse. As the controversy simmers, it remains to be seen whether Williams will be able to mend bridges with his detractors or face further consequences for his remarks.