article: (CNN) -- The family of a Peruvian woman slain in Lima last month said it hopes the eventual trial of Joran Van der Sloot can ease its pain and that of another family thousands of miles away. Van der Sloot, who is being held in Peru in connection with the slaying of 21-year-old Stephany Flores, is also the lead suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba. "I think the pain they are feeling, it's very hard," Stephany's brother Enrique Flores told CNN's "Larry King Live" from Lima. "We saw the body of our sister. They don't have the body of their daughter." Van der Sloot, a 22-year-old Dutch citizen, was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with Holloway's disappearance but released for lack of evidence. Her body has never been found. Van der Sloot has stated to Peruvian police that he wants to talk to Aruban officials about the Holloway case, Aruban Attorney General Robert F. Pietersz said Wednesday. "I am not worried. I trust the justice in Peru. So, we are just waiting for the judgment," said Stephany's sister-in-law Carolina Jorge. "We are praying that this case (will bring closure) ... for us and ... for Natalee's family, too." Dave Holloway, Natalee's father, met with Aruban authorities on the Caribbean island Tuesday and told CNN he believes progress is being made in the investigation. He declined to elaborate further. Aruba also will have to wait to see what information may be contained in a laptop computer Peruvian authorities confiscated when they arrested van der Sloot, Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said. The FBI will obtain that information from Peru and then share it with Aruban investigators, Blanken said. Authorities in Aruba say they do not know whether the computer contains any information that may help in the Holloway case. Van der Sloot has told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case. He said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and met Flores while gambling. Police have said they think Van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won. No trial start date has been set in the case, but a hearing is scheduled for next week, when Van der Sloot will give his first statements before a judge. Her brother told King that he's already heard enough. "He keeps telling so many lies and each time he is changing his version," Flores said. "He just killed her. ... He took money from her. He took ... her car. ... I mean, he sounds like a serial killer."
highlights: Joran Van der Sloot is in jail awaiting trial for the slaying of Stephany Flores . Dutch citizen, 22, is also lead suspect in Natalee Holloway's disappearance . Van der Sloot's hearing set for next Monday .
id: 79f637540db83e5ce8119339000c40bc7e624f45
chatgpt: Joran Van der Sloot, a Dutch citizen, is set to appear before a judge in Lima, Peru next Monday to face charges for the slaying of Stephany Flores. Van der Sloot has been in jail since June 2010 for the murder and has remained the lead suspect in the disappearance of Alabama teenager, Natalee Holloway, who vanished in Aruba in May 2005. The Peruvian authorities were investigating Van der Sloot in connection with the Flores case when they stumbled upon evidence linking him to the Holloway case. The young woman's disappearance sparked international attention, with many people speculating about the potential involvement of Van der Sloot, who was one of the last people seen with her. The Peruvian authorities charged Van der Sloot with the murder of Flores in June 2010, just days after her death. Van der Sloot was in Lima at the time, playing poker in a local casino. He confessed to killing Flores in his hotel room, but later retracted his statement, saying that he had been coerced by the police. Despite the retraction, Van der Sloot has remained in jail, awaiting trial. His defense team has argued that the evidence against him is circumstantial and that there is reasonable doubt about his guilt. However, the prosecution has maintained that there is a strong case against Van der Sloot, pointing to forensic evidence found in his hotel room and the fact that he was the last person seen with Flores. In addition to the Flores case, Van der Sloot remains a suspect in the Holloway case, which has never been solved. Holloway's family has been waiting for over 16 years for answers about her disappearance and has accused Van der Sloot of being involved in her death. He has denied any involvement in her disappearance, but many people remain suspicious of his actions. Van der Sloot's upcoming hearing is expected to be a high-profile event, with media outlets from around the world descending on Lima to cover the case. The outcome of the hearing will be closely watched by both the Peruvian and American authorities, who have been working together on the Holloway case. Despite the seriousness of the charges against him, Van der Sloot has remained upbeat and confident, according to his family. They have argued that he is innocent of both crimes and have criticized the authorities for not providing him with a fair trial. The next few weeks will be pivotal in the Van der Sloot case, with the hearing set to determine whether he will face trial for the slaying of Flores. If found guilty, he could face up to 30 years in prison, depending on the severity of the charges. As for the Holloway case, the search for answers continues, with Van der Sloot remaining the lead suspect in her disappearance.