article: (CNN)Amber Nolan is stuck. The 30-year-old is in Alaska and she needs to get to the lower 48 -- "or Hawaii." She plans to leave Alaska by plane and it likely won't cost her a dime. Nolan's not a stowaway. The aviation enthusiast calls herself a "jet hitchhiker." Since 2012, she has hitched rides on jets, planes and the occasional B-17 bomber all across the United States. "So far I have been to 46 states. All I have left on my list is Utah, Oklahoma, Kansas and Hawaii," says Nolan. In this age of tough airport security, something as casual as hitchhiking might seem out of the question. But Nolan says it's easy. "The way it works is, I just hang out at small airports talking to people. There are about 14,000 general aviation airports across the country. There is a whole community there and if you are passionate about flying, they love to talk to you." Nolan finds out where her new friends are headed and catches a ride. "I have no agenda or time frame to get anywhere and I'm completely on other people's schedules.  I just get rides in the general direction I need to go," Nolan told CNN. The flights may be free, but the ride isn't. Nolan has no sponsor for her adventure, so when money gets tight, she picks up odd jobs. "I've worked at restaurants, youth hostels, housekeeping on yachts," says Nolan. "I even worked with the AIDS healthcare foundation for a while. I take whatever I can get and I stay with whomever I can.  I have been basically couch-hopping this entire time." Nolan has also been blogging about her experiences on JetHiking.com. Like all good journeys, Nolan's will come to an end. Eventually, she'd like to write a book about jet-hiking and get a pilot's license of her own. "That whole free spirit nature, your Amelia Earharts and Charles Lindberghs, are hard to find these days," she says. "People only really hear about plane crashes and negative flying stories." So far, Nolan's story is anything but negative, filed with chance encounters and friends new and old in towns and airports across the country. And, of course, for Nolan that's the point. "It's more about the journey, the whole thing is actually the goal." CNN's Tony Marco and Dave Alsup contributed to this report.
highlights: Still to go on Amber Nolan's list: Utah, Oklahoma, Kansas and Hawaii . She hangs around general aviation airports and befriends pilots to get rides . Along the way, Nolan works odd jobs to earn some money .
id: 570b3edffaeb4aa6eaef7c8e257d455afb98bb90
chatgpt: Amber Nolan has a unique way of seeing the world, and her latest endeavor involves visiting all 50 states in the United States. She's already made it halfway and has a few more places to go on her list, including Utah, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Hawaii. Nolan's approach to traveling is unconventional, to say the least. She tends to hang around general aviation airports and befriends pilots to score rides from place to place. This strategy not only keeps her transportation costs down, but it also allows her to experience a completely different side of travel. Of course, traveling by air can be expensive, and Nolan isn't one to shy away from odd jobs to earn some money. Along the way, she's worked as everything from a bartender to a dishwasher to a house painter. These jobs not only help fund her travels but also give her a chance to meet locals and get a better sense of the places she visits. For Nolan, the greatest reward of her travels has been the opportunity to see the country from a unique perspective. Flying in small planes allows her to see the landscape from a bird's-eye view, while her odd jobs provide a glimpse into the day-to-day lives of the people who call each place home. Despite the challenges that come with her wanderlust lifestyle, Nolan has no plans on slowing down anytime soon. She's driven by a desire to see and experience as much of the world as possible, and she's found a way to do it on a shoestring budget. As for how Nolan chooses where to go next, it's as simple as consulting her trusty list. With just four states left to visit, she's already planning her next adventure, no doubt with the help of new friends she's met along the way. Nolan's story serves as a reminder that there's no right or wrong way to explore the world. With a little creativity, determination, and grit, anyone can follow their dreams and see what the world has to offer.