article: LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Police executed a search warrant at a Las Vegas pharmacy Tuesday morning in connection with the investigation into Michael Jackson's death, a federal drug agent said. A Las Vegas pharmacy was searched Tuesday in connection with Michael Jackson's death. Applied Pharmacy on Flamingo Road in Las Vegas sold the anesthetic propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray, Jackson's doctor, a source familiar with the investigation said. Another source close to the investigation said last month that Murray, a Texas-based cardiologist, is said to have given Jackson propofol, commonly known by the brand name Diprivan, in the 24 hours before he died. The search of Applied Pharmacy came two weeks after searches of Murray's home and clinic in Las Vegas. The search warrant served Tuesday authorized investigators to seize documents -- both on computers and paper -- related to the Jackson investigation, DEA Assistant Special Agent in Charge Mike Flanagan said. The warrants used for those earlier searches, which were filed in a Clark County, Nevada, court, imply that investigators looking into Jackson's death believe that the singer was a drug addict. The warrants, signed by District Judge Timothy Williams and given to CNN by Las Vegas affiliate KTNV, say that "there is probable cause to believe" that the searches would uncover evidence at Murray's home and office of excessive prescribing, prescribing to an addict, prescribing to or treating an addict and manslaughter. They cite "probable cause to believe" that the premises contained "records, shipping orders, distribution lists, use records relating to the purchase, transfer ordering, delivery and storage of propofol (Diprivan)." Murray was with Jackson on June 25 when he was rushed to UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles and when he was pronounced dead, according to Murray's lawyer. A source involved with the inquiry into Jackson's death has said that investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in his $100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills, California. The items taken from Murray's home included copies of his computer and cell phone hard drives. They were to be turned over to the Los Angeles Police Department, which is leading the investigation into Jackson's death at age 50. A "thorough and comprehensive" report into the death of Michael Jackson is complete, the Los Angeles County coroner's office said Monday, but police have requested that the report not be released because of the ongoing investigation. The coroner's office said it would abide by the request that "the cause and manner of death remain confidential" and referred all questions to the Los Angeles Police Department. CNN's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report.
highlights: Applied Pharmacy sold propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray, source says . Warrant part of follow-up to searches of home, clinic of Jackson doctor . Autopsy results held because of investigation, coroner says .
id: 3a03ee08a4747ced7ff137661d19caedb4b3f526
chatgpt: Applied Pharmacy, a supplier of medical drugs, has recently come under scrutiny after sources revealed that the pharmacy had sold propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray. Dr. Murray was the personal physician of the late pop superstar, Michael Jackson, and had administered the drug to him shortly before his tragic death in 2009. The revelation came as part of a follow-up investigation into the searches of Dr. Murray's homes and clinics, which were conducted in connection to Michael Jackson's death. The search warrants were executed by the federal Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD), and were aimed at uncovering evidence of possible manslaughter charges against Dr. Murray. The sale of the powerful anesthetic propofol to Dr. Murray is likely to raise further concerns about the role of Applied Pharmacy in providing drugs to medical practitioners. The drug, which is commonly used in hospital settings for the induction and maintenance of anesthesia, is highly potent and requires careful monitoring by a trained medical professional. Moreover, the revelation that Applied Pharmacy sold propofol to Dr. Murray could also have legal implications for the pharmacy. The DEA and the LAPD are expected to investigate whether the pharmacy complied with federal and state regulations in its sale of the drug. Meanwhile, the autopsy results of Michael Jackson, which were expected to be released earlier this year, have been held back due to the ongoing investigation into his death. The Los Angeles County coroner's office has confirmed that it has completed its investigation into the cause of Jackson's death, but is withholding the results at the request of law enforcement agencies. The delay in the release of the autopsy results has frustrated Jackson's family and fans, who continue to seek answers about the circumstances surrounding his death. The family has expressed its disappointment with the delay and has called for the results to be made public as soon as possible. The investigation into Dr. Murray's role in Michael Jackson's death has been ongoing since 2009, and has highlighted the need for greater scrutiny over the use of powerful and potentially dangerous drugs in medical settings. The sale of propofol to Dr. Murray by Applied Pharmacy is a stark reminder of the need for tighter regulation and increased oversight in the supply of medical drugs. Overall, the revelation that Applied Pharmacy sold propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray is likely to fuel further speculation about the circumstances surrounding Michael Jackson's death, as well as raising important questions about the role of pharmacies in the provision of medical drugs.