article: Katie Hopkins has sparked controversy once more by saying police officer Darren Wilson should 'get a medal' for shooting unarmed black teenager Michael Brown who she called 'a thief and a thug'. The never-ending source of opinions took to Twitter to give her two cents on the Ferguson case after a grand jury decided not to indict officer Wilson over the killing. Unsurprisingly, the reactions to Ms Hopkins' comments, posted to her 263,000 followers yesterday, did not take long. Scroll down for video . Controversial: Katie Hopkins tweeted her support for police officer Darren Wilson for shooting Michael Brown, calling the dead 18-year-old 'a thief and a thug' 'Brown was not shot for being black. Brown was shot for being a thief and a thug. Give the officer a medal. Justice with knobs on,' Ms Hopkins wrote. In response, several Twitter users accused Ms Hopkins of 'attention seeking', 'antagonizing', and trying too hard'. Ms Hopkins, whose post has been favourited 306 times and had 264 retweets so far, is not the first person to tweet her opinion on the controversial case. When the decision was announced on Monday, 3.5million tweets were posted about the ruling using #Ferguson in just a few hours. When St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCullough announced the grand jury's conclusion that 'no probable cause exists' to indict Officer Darren Wilson at 8.30pm CT, around 52,200 tweets per minute were posted. Tragic death: Michael Brown was unarmed when he was shot and killed by police officer Derren Wilson in Ferguson, Missouri in August this year . Taking sides: Ms Hopkins tweeted that Darren Wilson deserved a medal for shooting Michael Brown . Ongoing protests: Demonstrators in Washington DC march in the streets to protest the Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson over the shooting of Michael Brown . Earlier today, Officer Darren Wilson revealed that he believes he made the right choice to use lethal force against Michael Brown. Wilson said that while he feels remorse for causing Brown's death, he would do it all over again. 'I don't think it's haunting; it's always going to be something that happened,'  the controversial cop said during an interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos . 'The reason I have a clear conscience is because I know I did my job right,' Wilson said. Michael Brown's family reacted with anger on Wednesday, saying Wilson's interview added 'insult to injury'. The teenager's mother, Lesley McSpadden, told CBS she didn't think Wilson wanted to kill Michael but that 'he wanted to kill someone'. Despite the St. Louis grand jury decision, federal investigations into the shooting of Michael Brown continue the US Attorney General Eric Holder said on Monday. The Justice Department will continue to pursue two investigations, one into potential civil rights violations by Officer Wilson when he shot dead unarmed Brown in August this year, and one into the practices of the Ferguson Police force.
highlights: Katie Hopkins tweeted Darren Wilson 'should get a medal' for killing . She also called Ferguson victim Michael Brown 'a thief and a thug' Twitter users called Hopkins 'attention seeking' and 'antagonizing'
id: ac37785334baf87d69603cfea236dee14329f559
chatgpt: Controversial British journalist Katie Hopkins has once again found herself in hot water after a shocking tweet about the fatal shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. On Sunday, she tweeted her support for Darren Wilson, the police officer who killed Brown, saying he "should get a medal." Hopkins, known for her outrageous opinions and provocative rhetoric, went on to call Brown a "thief and a thug" in the same tweet. It didn't take long for outraged Twitter users to respond, calling Hopkins "attention seeking" and "antagonizing." The tweet has since been deleted, but screenshots have been circulating on social media. Many are calling for Twitter to suspend Hopkins' account over the offensive remarks. This is not the first time Hopkins has stirred up controversy with her inflammatory comments. She has been widely criticized for her comments on immigration, Islam, and other sensitive topics. In 2019, she was even banned from South Africa for her extreme views. But her latest tweet has struck a nerve, particularly in the wake of the growing Black Lives Matter movement and protests against police brutality. Many on Twitter have pointed out that Brown's death was not justified, regardless of his actions leading up to the shooting. One user wrote: "This is disgusting, you are disgusting. Michael Brown was an unarmed teenager who was killed in cold blood. Darren Wilson does not deserve a medal for taking a life." Another tweeted: "Katie Hopkins is antagonizing yet again. I pray for the day when people like her realize just how much they're adding to the problem, rather than the solution." Hopkins has yet to respond to the backlash, but her tweet has sparked an important conversation about the role of journalists and public figures in shaping public opinion. While free speech is a fundamental right, it is also important to recognize the impact our words can have on others. As the Black Lives Matter movement continues to gain momentum and force real change in society, it is essential that we hold all voices accountable for what they say and do. The fight for justice and equality is far from over, and we must all be mindful of the messages we send out into the world. In conclusion, the tweet from Katie Hopkins about the fatal shooting of Michael Brown has sparked outrage on social media. Her tweet in which she called Darren Wilson a hero and Michael Brown a thug was met with widespread criticism. Many people have called for Twitter to suspend her account. Hopkins has yet to respond, but her tweet has sparked a conversation about the power of words and the importance of holding people accountable for their actions. As the Black Lives Matter movement continues, it is critical that we work together to fight injustice and promote equality.