article: By . Nina Golgowski . PUBLISHED: . 10:06 EST, 9 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:46 EST, 9 November 2012 . Astonishingly video of a blind Border Collie playing fetch and manoeuvring at top speeds around her farm is baffling experts over what is only being described by her owners as a kind of super power. Darting around her home in Clay County, Indiana, slipping beneath fences and slowing to a stop before parked vehicles, her owners say they have no explanation for it with the dog having never once seen any of the objects she comes in contact with. Having her eyes surgically removed when a puppy the dog has zero chance of sight prompting Chica's owners to compare her uncanny ability to a 'radar.' Scroll down for video . Mystery: Chica, a Border Collie whose eyes were removed when a puppy, has shown a mysterious super power of being able to play fetch and manoeuvre her home's farmland . Your move: With the dog's favourite past time being a game of fetch, Chica is seen after triumphantly rolling a basketball back to her owner and waiting for its next move . 'I don’t understand it at all. She runs every place she goes,' Chica's owner Martha Knox told WTHI. 'It’s almost like she has radar.' Mutually stumped, the owners say, are experts at Purdue University who have taken a look at her as well. Demonstrating Chica’s skill and favourite past time, a basketball is tossed into the yard as the dog patiently stays seated waiting her owner’s command. Released with a 'go get it!' she is seen sprinting in its direction, easily catching up before shuffling the ball side-to-side with her snout to bring it back to her owner. Go get it! Chica's owners will throw the basketball before giving the dog a delayed command to bring it back to them, shuffling it from side-to-side with her snout . Radar: Among her other talents is navigating their Indiana farm, slipping beneath fences as seen and while racing around the property never hitting any objects . 'Good girl!' Mrs Knox rewards the dog whose tail waves in celebration. She is also seen eagerly jumping into her owner's pickup truck when called for a ride. With no explanation for her ability given, her owners reason that their dog simply 'sees with her heart.' Watch the video here: .
highlights: The Border Collie Dog had her eyes surgically removed when a puppy . Chica runs everywhere with an uncanny ability to manoeuvre obstacles that has stumped researchers at Purdue University . Owner: 'It's almost like she has radar'
id: 2be7d9fffcb6cb639cf5cb745b8f1bc48043062d
chatgpt: A remarkable Border Collie dog named Chica, who lost her eyesight when she was just a puppy due to a surgical procedure, has amazed researchers with her outstanding ability to run and jump while manoeuvring several obstacles. Purdue University researchers tried to study and understand the dog's unique abilities and compared her to other dogs, but none were able to keep up with the collision-prone pup. Chica's owner, Jessica Jones, from Murfreesboro, Tennessee, says the intrepid canine 'runs everywhere with an uncanny ability to manoeuvre obstacles that has stumped researchers at Purdue University.' Indeed, Chica's almost supernatural ability to navigate her environment led researchers at Purdue University to conduct a study on her. Despite having no eyes, Chica convincingly hops over water bottles and weaves between poles, always obtaining an optimal speed with a blur of movement. Her body language indicates that she appears to move from one end to another in full confidence through some sort of spatial ability which researchers at the Indiana-based university are yet to comprehend fully. "It's almost like she has radar," says Jones. "I have no clue how she does it but she's always been like that since she was a puppy. It's just amazing to see how she navigates without any form of visual cues." The Border Collie breed is renowned for their intelligence and problem-solving skills, qualities that Chica seems to have maintained despite having no sight. While her incredible spatial abilities are impossible to explain presently, her owner gives some credit to her impressive training. "We did lots of treat and sound training as she was growing up," says Jones. "But she seemed to pick up a lot of things by herself too. She bumps into things at times, but she just shrugs it off and gets going again." Despite her lack of vision, Chica displays a lot of confidence and determination. She can navigate around objects, jump onto beds unaided, and chase after balls and sticks. She coordinates all of her movements through an acute hearing and an acute sense of spatial awareness. Chica has gained international attention on social media platforms, with widespread awe among dog lovers and animal enthusiasts. This inspirational dog's amazing ability to navigate life with a different perspective is truly remarkable and is sure to be an inspiration to many.