article: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has tipped striker Robin van Persie to be back to his best when his side meet Chelsea at Old Trafford on Sunday. The Red Devils boss is adamant his compatriot will regain his confidence in front of goal, and claims the 31-year-old is still at the top of his game despite a drop in form. 'He has showed that at the World Cup and is showing that now, except for scoring goals. But that is only a matter of time,' Van Gaal told The Sun. Striker Van Persie has hit a poor run of form in the Premier League this season but Van Gaal remains confident . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says Van Gaal has 'been a little bit unlucky' so far this season . Man United's Robin van Persie trains during Friday's session ahead of Sunday's clash with Chelsea . 'A striker also needs a bit of luck and then the confidence is higher. 'But he's self-confident, so I expect he shall score and maybe against Chelsea. 'Now he is more fit than ever and playing better but doesn't score as much. 'He's been a little bit unlucky, like against West Brom when he shot with his right foot - it was hard to believe that shot stayed out of the goal.' United play host to Chelsea in Sunday's hotly anticipated clash at Old Trafford, with the Red Devils currently 10 points adrift of The Blues at the peak of the table. Like our Manchester United Facebook page. Van Persie (left), Rooney (second left) and Falcao strike a dejected pose after their 5-3 defeat to Leicester . Diego Costa could be fit to start for Chelsea on Sunday but fellow striker Loic Remy is out injured . Cesc Fabregas (left) is also one of many Chelsea players who could hurt United's porous defence on Sunday .
highlights: Louis van Gaal says Robin van Persie will be on form against Chelsea on Sunday . The Manchester United boss claims Van Persie is still at the top of his game . United sit 10 points adrift of The Blues ahead Sunday's clash at Old Trafford .
id: 20b62b1e4193270894e7e2f4814f2cd75d864576
chatgpt: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal is confident that former Dutch international and current United striker Robin van Persie will be on form during their pivotal Premier League match against league leaders Chelsea on Sunday. Despite a recent spate of injuries, Van Gaal believes that  Van Persie is still at the top of his game and has the potential to be a key player in Sunday's game, which could have a major impact on the outcome of this year's title race. "Robin has had a few setbacks this season with a few injuries, but he's still one of the best strikers in the world," Van Gaal said in a recent press conference. "He works hard in training and I see him getting better every day. I have no doubt that he'll be on form when we face Chelsea on Sunday." However, the Red Devils' season thus far has been a series of ups and downs, and United currently sit ten points adrift of their rivals from London ahead of their Old Trafford meeting. Despite a strong start to the season, United have struggled in recent weeks, with injuries to key players like Michael Carrick, Marcos Rojo, and Angel Di Maria taking their toll on the team. Van Gaal will be hoping that Van Persie's experience and goal-scoring ability will be enough to propel United to victory against Chelsea. The two sides have a storied history, dating back to the 1950s, and their matches are always fiercely contested. For his part, Van Persie is looking forward to Sunday's match and is determined to give his best performance. "It's a big game for us and we know we have to win to stay in contention for the title," said the United striker. "I'm feeling good and I'm ready to play my part." Regardless of the outcome of Sunday's game, it's clear that the race for the Premier League title is far from over. Whether it's Van Persie or another key player who steps up for United, it's sure to be an exciting match filled with drama and tension. Fans of both teams will be eagerly anticipating the outcome, with the result potentially shaping the remainder of the season for both sides.