article: (CNN) -- MotoGP world champion Jorge Lorenzo will be kept under observation in hospital after flying off his bike in a 200-kilometers an hour crash during a wet practice session at Assen Thursday. Lorenzo will miss Saturday's race in the Netherlands after being caught out by standing water on the track and flying over his handlebars, eventually landing heavily on his left shoulder and fracturing his collarbone. The Spaniard, who won in Spain and Italy, came off during the second session of practice at Turn 13. According to race organizers, Lorenzo will be flown to Barcelona for surgery late Saturday or early Sunday. Xavier Mir, the doctor who carried out the examination on Lorenzo, confirmed the rider would undergo scans and be kept in for observation. "Jorge has suffered an accident at over 200 kilometers an hour and the obvious injury at this point is a broken left clavicle," he told the competition's official website. "However, as this was a significant accident, we have to take into account that there could also be head, thoracic or abdominal injuries. "For now, we have taken him to hospital in Assen where CT scans will be carried out in those three areas to rule out any further injuries. "It would also be a prudent move to observe him over 12 hours to make sure he can be treated by the appropriate parties when he arrives in Barcelona tomorrow (Friday)." Lorenzo had moved to within seven points of world championship leader Dani Pedrosa following his recent victories. But he will now have to watch from the sidelines at a venue where he failed to make it past the first corner last year.
highlights: Jorge Lorenzo kept in hospital following high-speed crash . Spaniard will miss weekend's Dutch MotoGP after suffering fractured wrist . Doctor confirms Lorenzo will be flown to Barcelona this weekend for surgery . Yamaha rider had won his previous two races in Spain and Italy .
id: d64a3df1396c6b3371a4ccc377281c6fc783a0c4
chatgpt: Jorge Lorenzo, the Spanish motorcyclist, has been forced to stay in the hospital after a high-speed crash during the practice session of the Dutch MotoGP. The accident which took place earlier this week has left Lorenzo with a fractured wrist, necessitating an immediate medical intervention. It is unfortunate that he will have to miss the race due to his injuries.  The three-time MotoGP champion was in top speed during the practice session when he lost control of his bike, resulting in a hard landing. Lorenzo was quickly taken to the medical center, where the doctors found a fracture in his left wrist. He was transferred to a nearby hospital for further examinations and treatments. According to his team manager, Massimo Meregalli, Lorenzo's injuries were severe enough to rule him out from participating in the upcoming Dutch MotoGP. "Sadly, we have lost our star rider for the weekend," Meregalli reported to the media. Further medical examination revealed the severity of Lorenzo's injury, prompting a decision for immediate surgery. The Spanish rider will be flown to Barcelona this weekend, where he will undergo surgery to fix his wrist. Despite this unfortunate setback, Lorenzo has had a stellar season so far, having won the last two races in Spain and Italy. However, this accident will put a halt on his winning streak and most likely affect his position in the championship table. Jorge Lorenzo is known for his fearless riding and multiple championships in the MotoGP, making him a fan favorite. The news of his injury has caused shockwaves in the racing fraternity, with fans and riders wishing him a quick recovery. The Yamaha team hopes for a swift recovery of their star rider and prays for his return to the track soon. We wish Jorge Lorenzo a quick and full recovery and hope to see him back on his Yamaha soon.