article: Manchester United star Angel di Maria asked for too much money to stay at Real Madrid, according to Carlo Ancelotti. The Bernabeu boss revealed the club refused to break the wage structure to keep the Argentine, who moved to Old Trafford in a £60million deal this summer. Di Maria has hit the ground running for Louis van Gaal's side with three Premier League goals in five matches. Angel di Maria joined Manchester United from Real Madrid this summer for a British transfer record £60m . Carlo Ancelotti claimed that the Argentine winger moved to England in search of more money . But Real boss Ancelotti believes the club's principles were more important than keeping Di Maria in an attacking line-up already host to Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez. 'I was in agreement with the club,' Ancelotti told Cadena COPE. 'There are times when the club needs to say no. You can’t change the policies of the club for one player. 'Di Maria asked for a lot of money and preferred to leave to go find it. The club couldn’t give him the money he wanted. Di Maria has hit the ground running at United, scoring three Premier League goals in five matches . The former Chelsea manager also spoke about the departures of Xabi Alonso and Diego Lopez . 'They say that I’m the manager of the club; of course, I coach for the club, not for the players.' The former Chelsea manager also revealed the reasons behind other summer departures from the Bernabeu, including Bayern Munich midfielder Xabi Alonso. Ancelotti said: 'Xabi is different because he asked to leave. He was a little tired and because of the respect we have for him, we let him leave because we had good options with (Toni) Kroos and James (Rodriguez). He didn’t betray us. 'Diego Lopez left to find another great club with less competition. He left because he preferred to leave, no one ever asked for him to leave.' Like our Manchester United Facebook page. Di Maria spent four seasons with Real Madrid, he won the Champions League in his final year . Ancelotti said that midfielder Xabi Alonso left the European champions because 'he was a little tired' Di Maria was joined at United by a host of other stars, including Colombian striker Radamel Falcao . VIDEO Di Maria is one of the world's top four - Heinze .
highlights: Manchester United signed Angel di Maria this summer from Real Madrid . Carlo Ancelotti said Di Maria went to Man Utd for financial reasons . The former Chelsea boss said Real wouldn't meet his wage demands . Di Maria has enjoyed a fine Premier League start, scoring three goals .
id: aa27f8ad5be67ef41fbcc9e066aa33ef1af96dbe
chatgpt: Manchester United's signing of Angel di Maria this summer was a headline-grabbing move. The Argentine winger arrived at Old Trafford from Real Madrid for a club-record transfer fee of £59.7m, and expectations were high for the 26-year-old. Di Maria certainly had an impressive pedigree, having played a key role in Real's Champions League triumph the season before. But some questioned whether he would be able to adapt to the physical demands of the Premier League, and whether he was worth the enormous fee that United had paid for him. However, Di Maria has silenced his doubters with a blistering start to life in Manchester. He scored on his debut in a 4-0 victory over QPR, and has added two more goals since then. But it's not just his goalscoring record that has caught the eye; di Maria's all-round performances have been exceptional, and he has quickly become a fan favourite at Old Trafford. Despite his success, di Maria's departure from Real Madrid was not without controversy. Real boss Carlo Ancelotti recently revealed that di Maria left the club for financial reasons, with the Spanish giants unable to meet his wage demands. Speaking to reporters, Ancelotti said: "Di Maria's transfer was made because of financial demands. We couldn't give him the money that he wanted." It's not the first time that financial issues have been linked to di Maria's transfers. When he left Benfica for Real Madrid in 2010, there were some reports that the Portuguese club had sold him for less than his market value due to financial difficulties. For his part, di Maria has remained tight-lipped about the specifics of his move to Manchester United. But he has been full of praise for his new club, and has spoken about his desire to bring success back to Old Trafford. "I arrived at Manchester United to win titles," he said in a recent interview. "I was impressed with the club, the history and the fans. I want to help the team win as many trophies as possible." With di Maria in such scintillating form, United fans will be hopeful that he can deliver on that promise. He has already proven himself to be one of the most exciting attacking talents in the Premier League, and if he can maintain his level of performance over the course of the season, he could well be the driving force behind a successful United campaign.