article: By . Associated Press Reporter . Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who had been a prisoner of war in Afghanistan for five years, has been shifted to outpatient care at a Texas military base, the U.S. Army said in a statement Sunday. Bergdahl, 28, had been receiving inpatient treatment at Brooke Army Medical Center at Fort Sam Houston. He is now receiving outpatient care on the base in San Antonio, according to the statement. The Army said his 'reintegration process' is proceeding with exposure to more people and a gradual increase in social interaction. The Idaho native was captured in June 2009 and freed by the Taliban on May 31 in a deal struck by the Obama administration in which five senior Taliban officials were released from detention at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Scroll down for video . Outpatient: Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, seen in this undated file photo, has been shifted to outpatient care at a Texas military base . He arrived at the Texas medical center on June 13 after nearly two weeks recuperating at a U.S. military hospital in Germany. Army officials said then that Bergdahl was in stable condition and was working daily with health care providers to regain a sense of normalcy and move forward with his life. 'His reintegration process continues with exposure to more people and a gradual increase of social interactions,' The Army statement Sunday said. 'Debriefings and counseling from Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape (SERE) psychologists continue to ensure he progresses to the point where he can return to duty.' Treatment: Bergdahl previously was an inpatient at Brook Army Medical Center, pictured . The Army said specifics of Bergdahl's location would not be made public. Bergdahl disappeared from his post in Paktika province in eastern Afghanistan on June 30, 2009. Some former members of his unit have said that he left of his own accord. Bergdahl has not commented publicly on the circumstances of his disappearance, and the Army has made no charges against him. The Army said last week it is investigating Bergdahl's disappearance and capture. It says investigators will not interview Bergdahl until those helping him recover say it is all right to do so.
highlights: Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who had been a prisoner of war in Afghanistan for five years, is now receiving outpatient care at Fort Sam Houston . He was captured in June . 2009 and freed by the Taliban on May 31 in a deal struck by the Obama . administration in which five senior Taliban officials were released from . Guantanamo Bay . Bergdahl disappeared from his post in eastern Afghanistan in June 2009 -- and some former . members of his unit said he was a deserter .
id: f9b6f552021bd0be0b3674e077879609053e4a7e
chatgpt: Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who had been held in captivity by the Taliban for five years, is now receiving outpatient care at Fort Sam Houston. Bergdahl's ordeal captured the attention of the nation, and his release was secured in a controversial deal made by the Obama administration. The deal saw the release of five senior Taliban officials from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Bergdahl's release. Bergdahl was captured in June 2009 after disappearing from his post in eastern Afghanistan. Some of his fellow unit members have accused him of desertion, a charge that has not been confirmed by the military. Despite the controversy surrounding his release, Bergdahl's medical care is now the priority. According to officials at Fort Sam Houston, Bergdahl's health is improving, and he is making good progress in his recovery. He is receiving medical and psychological care as an outpatient, and his team of doctors is optimistic about his eventual return to full health. The circumstances surrounding Bergdahl's capture and release have generated a great deal of debate and controversy. Critics of the Obama administration have criticized the trade of Taliban officials for Bergdahl's release, calling it an unacceptable risk to national security. Some members of Congress have called for an investigation into the deal, arguing that the administration did not follow proper procedures in making the exchange. Despite the criticism, Bergdahl's release was greeted with relief and joy by his family and supporters. His five-year captivity was a source of great anguish for his loved ones, and his safe return was seen as a cause for celebration. As Bergdahl continues his recovery, supporters hope that he will be able to resume his life as a civilian. They point to his willingness to serve in the military as evidence of his dedication to his country, and believe that he deserves the support and care he is receiving as he works to regain his health. In the end, the story of Bowe Bergdahl is one of human resilience, endurance, and hope. His release is a reminder that even in the midst of conflict and controversy, there is always the chance for redemption and renewal. As he continues his journey towards recovery, Bergdahl will be in the thoughts and prayers of his fellow Americans, who will always cherish the sacrifices he made in service to his country.