article: (CNN)  -- Sudan on Tuesday signed a framework peace accord with rebels from the nation's volatile Darfur region, state media reported. The framework agreement is considered the first step towards the achievement of a lasting peace accord in Darfur. The signing of the cease-fire agreement with the rebel Justice and Equality Movement coincided with a four-way summit in Doha, Qatar, the state-run SUNA news agency said. Participants at the summit include the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani; Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir; the president of Chad, Idris Deby; and Eritrean President Assais Afwerki, SUNA reported. The participants are expected to discuss means of achieving peace in the region, welcoming the steps for realizing peace in Darfur, progress of the relations between Qatar, Sudan, Chad and Eritrea and other issues of mutual concern, SUNA said. Tahir al-Fati, chairman of the Justice and Equality Movement's legislative assembly, told CNN on Saturday that a preliminary document for the framework agreement was signed Saturday in Chad between representatives of the two sides. A permanent cease-fire -- which, according to this preliminary accord, is to be signed before March 15 -- will be a final step, al-Fati said. Last year, Sudan's government and the JEM rebels signed a confidence-building agreement in Qatar, a step toward ending the six-year conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands. Qatar has been mediating talks between the two sides in the Darfur conflict, which erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government. The government launched a brutal counterinsurgency campaign, aided by government-backed Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur, killing, torturing and raping residents, according to the United Nations, Western governments and human rights organizations. Al-Bashir is under pressure to end the fighting, particularly after the International Criminal Court charged him with genocide last year in connection with the government's campaign of violence in Darfur. In the past seven years, more than 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat, disease or malnutrition, the United Nations says. An additional 2.7 million people fled their homes because of fighting among rebels, government forces and allied militias. CNN's Jennifer Z. Deaton contributed to this report.
highlights: A permanent cease-fire, according to preliminary accord, is to be signed before March 15 . Qatar has been mediating between Sudan and rebel Justice and Equality Movement . Conflict erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government . In past seven years more than 300,000 people killed through combat, disease, malnutrition .
id: 54eb5dc0139534e7a537503cb94e5dae76c9c0d5
chatgpt: Sudan and the Justice and Equality Movement rebels are set to ink a permanent cease-fire before the 15th of March. According to sources, the accord will be the result of the mediation led by Qatar between Sudan and the rebel group. The conflict between the two parties started in 2003, adding to the already-existing chaos that had been ailing the country for years.  The uprising against the Khartoum government in 2003 prompted the start of the conflict. Since then, over 300,000 people have lost their lives through combat, malnutrition, and disease. The continuous fighting has since resulted in the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people from their homes, with many others suffering injuries and the loss of loved ones. The peace talks that have been ongoing between Sudan and the rebel group have been supported by various international players. The UN has been particularly active, calling on both parties to agree to an immediate end of hostilities. The UN has further advocated for the protection of civilians, with a particular emphasis on women and children who have often borne the brunt of the violence. While the peace agreement is a step in the right direction, there is no underestimating the enormity of the task ahead. Sudan will now have to work extra hard to ensure that the agreement is implemented in letter and spirit. It will also need to rethink its government policies to address the economic, social, and political challenges that have led to the conflict in the first place.  The government of Sudan has expressed its commitment to achieving lasting peace in the country. And despite the opposition propaganda, many citizens are hopeful that the country can finally find a path towards true stability. The question now, however, is whether the government can back up its words with concrete actions.  In conclusion, the signing of a permanent cease-fire is a significant milestone towards lasting peace in Sudan. People who have weathered years of conflict will be relieved that they can finally begin rebuilding their lives. We can only hope that this momentous occasion will signal the start of a new chapter in Sudan's history - one that is marked by prosperity, stability, and lasting peace.