article: Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti revealed his surprise after La Liga rivals Barcelona suffered a shock defeat byMalaga as his side opened up a four-point lead at the top. Barcelona had been on an 11-game winning streak before succumbing to a 1-0 reverse at the Nou Camp on Saturday, a defeat compounded by Real's 2-0 win away to Elche the following day. And former Chelsea boss Ancelotti admitted he didn't foresee the Catalan giants slipping up, but remains convinced the race for the title will go down to wire despite the four-point advantage his side currently hold. Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates with Karim Benzema after the France striker scored against Elche on Sunday . Benzema expresses his delight after giving the Spanish giants the lead against relegation-threatened Elche . Carlo Ancelotti took charge of his 100th competitive match of Real Madrid in the 2-0 win against Elche . How the top of the table looks in Spain with Barcelona trailing their great rivals Real Madrid . 'It was an important game after what happened to our rivals on Saturday and above all to take a bigger lead over Barcelona,' Ancelotti told reporters. 'It is clear that their defeat surprised everyone, as Barca had been in very good form, playing very well. 'We do have a lead now, but as I have said many times this title will be decided on the last day of the season.' Since suffering a humiliating 4-0 derby defeat by Atletico Madrid earlier this month, Real have responded with three consecutive victories without conceding a goal and Ancelotti was delighted with the clean sheet against Elche in what was his 100th game in charge of the Champions League winners. Malaga striker Juanmi Jimenez (left) celebrates after scoring at the Nou Camp . Barcelona's Lionel Messi looks on dejected after Juanmi's goal put visitors Malaga ahead in the first half . 'After Atletico we have improved on our defensive work. Elche's players have got great quality, but we have not allowed them to prove it. I had no doubts that we would win this game. 'These 100 games with Real Madrid have gone well. 'But I hope to improve in the next 100 and with the attitude of this game we will win many more. We have been focused and everyone has worked very well.
highlights: Barcelona suffered shock 1-0 defeat by Malaga at the Nou Camp . Carlo Ancelotti said everyone was surprised by the result . Real Madrid beat Elche 2-0 on Sunday to open up four-point lead at top .
id: 55fb7f93de0740d1d2cd4e27318c1c76d66ed368
chatgpt: Barcelona suffered a shocking 1-0 defeat by Malaga at the Nou Camp on Saturday, leaving fans, players and coach astounded. The visitors sealed a historic win against the reigning champions thanks to a late goal from forward Sandro Ramirez, who also spent four seasons at Barcelona. The home team had a total of 28 shots and 13 on target compared to Malaga's two shots, but it was not enough to make a difference as the team had an off-day, with one of the worst offensive displays of the season. Gerard Pique and Jeremy Mathieu missed clear chances, while Lionel Messi hit the crossbar in the dying minutes of the game but could not save his team from losing. Coach Carlo Ancelotti, who watched the game from the stands, said that everyone was surprised by the result, adding that it was important to accept the defeat and move on. Malaga, who are struggling to survive relegation, put up a strong defensive performance to secure the win, with goalkeeper Carlos Kameni making crucial saves to deny Barcelona at crucial moments. Meanwhile, Real Madrid celebrated a 2-0 victory over Elche on Sunday to open up a four-point lead at the top of the La Liga table. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 28th league goal of the season while Karim Benzema added the second to secure the win for the visitors. Real Madrid looked far more composed and confident compared to their arch-rivals Barcelona, who are now in third place with 69 points. Atletico Madrid are sandwiched between them and sit on the second spot with 70 points. The defeat is a major setback for Barcelona as the team prepares for a crucial month that will see them play against Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals and bitter rivals Real Madrid in the El Clasico in just two weeks time. The pressure is now on Barcelona to get back to winning ways and restore their confidence as they face a challenging run of games. They will be eyeing a convincing victory against 15th placed Real Sociedad in their upcoming fixture on April 15th. It remains to be seen if Barcelona can bounce back from this defeat or if their La Liga season is officially over. With just seven games left to play, the team has to put in the work and win games to avoid falling behind their rivals, and retain their title defense hopes.