article: By . Ray Massey . PUBLISHED: . 17:26 EST, 9 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:26 EST, 9 June 2013 . As plenty of long-suffering women will confirm, male drivers are notorious for refusing to ask for directions – even when they’re hopelessly lost. But it seems their stubborn refusal to accept assistance behind the wheel doesn’t stop there. Chaps would rather dent their car than their pride when it comes to seeking help in improving their driving, a survey has found. Stubborn: Only 22 per cent of people signing up for a free course to improve driving are men . The AA offered 2,000 free lessons to . help ‘nervous, rusty, lapsed and dangerous motorists get back behind the . wheel with renewed confidence and competence’ – but just 22 per cent of . those who signed up were men. A spokesman for the AA Charitable Trust said: ‘We are urging male drivers not to ignore their driving fears, even though our figures show how unlikely they are to seek any help with their driving.’ Advice: AA director Edmund King said men should not let pride get in the way of improving skills . Despite the reluctance of men to take . part in training, official figures show they are more than twice as . likely to be involved in accidents. In 2011, 17,478 men were killed or seriously injured on the roads, compared to 7,544 women. AA director Edmund King said: ‘Drivers should not let pride get in the way of improving their skills. 'Everyone, no matter how long they have had their licence, can become a safer driver and we all have a responsibility to ensure our skills are up to date. ‘Males shouldn’t worry about their pride being dented as further driver training can reduce risk. 'There is nothing to lose from asking for help if there is an area of your driving you think could be improved.’ He added: ‘There is clearly a need for quality, qualified driver tuition. ‘I have high hopes that our template will also allow other organisations to roll out similar initiatives worldwide and help improve road safety on an international scale.’ The AA poll also showed that drivers aged 21 to 25 were the most likely to sign up for the free refresher course. And there was also a regional divide, with 30 per cent of participants from the South East, compared to 10 per cent from the North West .
highlights: Less than a quarter of people joining free driving course are men . AA director warns drivers 'not to let pride get in the way'
id: 5f0bf403582b12c97c111a9c013b580c8757872f
chatgpt: Less than a quarter of people joining free driving course are men, according to recent statistics released by the AA – the UK’s largest motoring organization. The figures show that just 23% of the attendees taking part in the free driving course offered by the AA over the last year were men. This is in stark contrast to previous years where men made up the majority of participants. The driving course, which is run as part of the AA’s drive to cut accidents on the road, has been running across the country for several years. It covers everything from basic driving skills to advanced techniques and is aimed at drivers of all ages and levels of experience. The AA has warned that drivers should not let their pride get in the way of improving their skills behind the wheel. Director of the AA’s driving school, Mark Peacock, said that the figures were a concern and that it was important for all drivers to refresh and improve their skills on a regular basis. “Driving is a skill that needs to be constantly honed, regardless of how many years’ experience you have,” he said. “It’s important that drivers don’t let their pride get in the way of improving their skills.” Peacock added that despite the low numbers of men participating in the course, the AA had seen an increase in the number of younger drivers, as well as those from ethnically diverse backgrounds, joining the course. “I’m really happy to see such a broad range of people taking part in our courses,” he said. “It’s important for everyone to feel confident behind the wheel, regardless of their age, ethnicity, or gender.” The AA has been running its free driving course to help reduce the number of accidents on UK roads. According to the Department for Transport, there were 1,732 reported road deaths in the UK in 2015. Of those, 816 were car occupants. The AA believes that improving driving skills and awareness of road safety could help to reduce these numbers. The course is open to all drivers and is offered through the AA’s driving school. Participants are assessed according to their level of experience and are then taught a range of skills, from basic driving manoeuvres to more advanced techniques such as defensive driving and hazard perception. For those who are unable to attend the free course, the AA offers a range of other driving courses and training programs designed to help drivers improve their skills and become safer on the road. These include advanced driving courses, eco-driving courses, and courses tailored for specific driving conditions such as motorway driving, night driving, and winter driving. Overall, the statistics released by the AA are a timely reminder that all drivers, regardless of their gender or experience, should take the time to improve their skills behind the wheel. With the right training and support, it’s possible to reduce the number of accidents on our roads and help to make our communities safer for everyone.