article: By . Beth Stebner . PUBLISHED: . 23:13 EST, 8 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:21 EST, 9 May 2012 . Rush Limbaugh’s parent company lost millions of dollars in revenue after the controversy following the right wing radio host’s referral to a college student as a ‘slut,’ Cumulus Media CEO Lew Dickey said. Mr Dickey noted in a quarterly call with financial advisers that the snafu ‘hit us pretty hard. He added that the loss was around ‘a couple of million bucks in the first quarter and a couple of million bucks in quarter two.’ Hole in the purse? Cumulus Media CEO Lew Dickey, left, said the company lost 'a couple of million bucks' in revenue after Rush Limbaugh, right, called a college student a 'slut' Spoof: Saturday Night Live poked fun at advertiser's scrambling to pull out, and their 'replacement' with not-so-desirable sponsors . Limbaugh brought about a storm of backlash after he referred to Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke as a ‘slut’ and a ‘prostitute’ after she testified in Washington that birth control should be covered by health insurance companies. Following the incident, dozens of advertisers pulled their content. In the end, nearly 100 sponsors withdrew their support, according to liberal watchdog group Media Matters. Limbaugh insisted during the controversy that more advertisers were filling the gaps, the New York Daily News reported. The incident was famously lampooned by Saturday Night Live’s Taran Killam, who played Limbaugh as he announced some of his new advertisers, including the Syria Tourism Board and Sherman’s Imitation Mayonnaise.’ Beginning: The drama began when Limbaugh called Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke a 'slut' Only 38 stations that air Limbaugh’s program are owned by Cumulus – the rest of the more than 600 stations are owned by Clear Channel Media. According to Media Matters, the latter media group saw their first quarter revenues increase by six per cent to $571.5million. Conservative website The Right Sphere waved off possible implications of Mr Dickey’s announcement, calling the loss in revenue the equivalence of a ‘rounding error.’ Limbaugh was also in the news today for launching a site in rebuttal to the progressive women’s group, the National Organisation for Women. Bodacious: Limbaugh announced Tuesday the launch of 'Rush Babes for America' The new association, dubbed the National Organisation for Rush Babes, is ‘dedicated to the millions of conservative women who know what they believe in: family, American Values, and not being told by Faux Feminist Groups how to think.’ Limbaugh said on his program Tuesday that NOW has one main problem: ‘The flaw…is thinking that they speak for women. 'If there was ever a group that speaks for an almost infinitesimal minority of women, it’s them,' he said, according to Politico. Media Matters’ creator Angelo Carusone fired back, saying that it’s a ‘telling coincidence that Limbaugh launched “Rush Babes for America” on the same day that one of his affiliate providers reported millions in losses direction attributable to Limbaugh’s show.’
highlights: Cumulus Media CEO said company lost 'couple of million bucks' in both first and second quarter . Media group estimates that around 100 advertisers pulled out after Limbaugh called law student a 'slut'
id: ce9540bfa7305a35c7b1cbd30d75098cb9250958
chatgpt: Cumulus Media, one of the largest radio station operators in the United States, has announced a loss of several million dollars in the first and second quarters of 2012, after conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh’s controversial remarks about a Georgetown law student. Cumulus Media CEO, Lew Dickey, commented on the losses in a recent conference call with analysts and investors. According to reports, Cumulus Media lost around $2.4 million in the first quarter and another $4.8 million in the second quarter, due in large part to a series of high-profile advertiser boycotts that started when Limbaugh called Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke a "slut" in February 2012. The boycotts were initiated by a number of advocacy groups and sparked by Fluke's testimony before Congress, in which she discussed the need for contraception coverage in health care plans. Limbaugh’s comments about Fluke caused widespread outrage and prompted several radio stations to drop his show. Limbaugh has since apologized for his remarks about Fluke, and Cumulus Media CEO Lew Dickey said during the conference call that the controversy has died down. However, he also noted that the boycotts initiated by Fluke’s testimony likely resulted in the loss of around 100 advertisers for the company. Dickey said during the conference call that the losses are "painful" for Cumulus Media, but he remains optimistic about the company’s financial future. "We've learned a lot this year, but as we look ahead, we'll continue to grow our business and serve our listeners," he said. Cumulus Media is not the only company to have been impacted by advertiser boycotts over controversial comments. Numerous companies have faced similar controversies in recent years, including Papa John's, following its founder’s comments about NFL players kneeling during the national anthem, and Fox News, following comments by host Laura Ingraham about Parkland shooting survivor David Hogg. The fallout from Limbaugh's comments about Fluke also had a major impact on talk radio in the United States, which has struggled in recent years due to increasing competition from podcasts and other digital media. According to some reports, Limbaugh's show lost as much as $100 million in revenue as a result of the boycotts. Despite the controversy, however, Limbaugh remains one of the most popular radio hosts in the United States, with millions of listeners tuning in to his show every week. His show is syndicated across hundreds of radio stations around the country, and he is widely considered to be one of the most influential conservative voices in American media. The controversy surrounding Limbaugh may have been damaging for Cumulus Media, but the company remains a major player in the radio industry, with over 400 stations operating in markets across the United States. And while the losses from the boycotts may have been significant, the company is expected to rebound in the coming years, as the radio industry adapts to the changing media landscape.