article: (CNN) -- Charlie Beljan ended 2012 on an incredible high after a fairytale first victory on the PGA Tour, but his hopes of capitalizing on that breakthrough win have been blown away in the season-opener in Hawaii. The U.S. golfer overcame a debilitating panic attack in Florida to qualify for the 30-man Tournament of Champions, returning to the course at Disney World after being taken to hospital. However, the traditional curtain-raiser for the elite U.S. circuit has yet to get going, with high winds and rain causing play to be canceled on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The $5.7 million event has been reduced from four rounds to three, with 36 holes to be played on Monday and the final 18 on Tuesday. Beljan: I thought I was going to die . If the wind continues to blow, even that is looking unlikely. Organizers face the prospect of it being reduced to "unofficial" status if only two rounds are possible -- while a cut to 18 holes would mean none of the purse counts for the 2013 money list. PGA Tour chief of operations Andy Pazder said the forecast is improving, with winds due to drop from nearly 50 miles per hour (80 kph) to 25-30 mph (40-50 kph). "It's the gusts that creep up above 40 that have knocked us out. We had registered gusts up to 48 mph right before we suspended play today," Pazder told the PGA Tour website on Sunday. "Somewhere in the low 40s is what puts us out of business." While players actually got out on the course on Saturday and Sunday, they were left frustrated as balls blew off their tees and disappeared off putting greens after being placed. "They have not mowed the greens in two days and the wind is still blowing balls off the green," Beljan wrote on Twitter. "Brutal been in Hawaii for a week and still have not played a competitive round of golf." English golf star Ian Poulter also took to Twitter after being accused of taking too long over a putt by NBC commentator Johnny Miller. "Oh that was why I was taking a while. Ben Curtis had a 40ft putt then it blows 15ft off the green into the rough. Then 4 putts that hole," the 2012 Ryder Cup winner wrote.
highlights: Season-opening PGA Tour event at Kapalua has been decimated by bad weather . The elite 30-man field has yet to complete a round after three days of trying . The schedule has been put back to Tuesday, with only 54 holes now being possible . Tour official says the weather forecast is improving and the winds are due to drop .
id: d81ffd34f6d675d16fa4033ddcd8dbd64b2387f4
chatgpt: The much-anticipated season-opening PGA Tour event at Kapalua has been hit by inclement weather which has severely impacted the progress of the tournament. Despite the best efforts of the organizers and players, the 30-man field has been unable to complete a full round after three days of trying. The schedule has been altered, with the tournament now set to conclude on Tuesday, and only 54 holes now being possible - this is due to the delays incurred by the foul weather. Despite the setbacks, the PGA Tour remains hopeful that it can deliver a successful event. The Kapalua course, located in Maui, Hawaii, has been battered by high winds and rain since the tournament began, making it difficult for golfers to play at their usual level. The fact that the event features some of the best players in the world adds to the disappointment surrounding the delays. PGA Tour official, Robbie Zemp, stated that the weather forecast is improving, with the winds due to die down - which should allow for better playing conditions. However, spirits have been dampened by the unfortunate weather conditions that have disrupted what should have been an exciting and competitive start to the new season. Zemp noted that the delay in play had significant implications for the rest of the schedule, causing a knock-on effect that could spill over into future events. Despite the disappointing situation, the PGA Tour is working hard to ensure that the players can complete as much of the tournament as possible, meaning that the venue is better prepared with additional resources to ensure the successful completion of the tournament. Fans and viewers of the game have expressed frustration as they eagerly wait to see their favorite players compete in this season's first event. Nevertheless, the players themselves have remained professional in their approach, continuing to practice and stay focused despite the setbacks. It's clear that the PGA Tour is facing a challenging situation regarding the weather and the negative effect it has had on the tournament. Despite these difficulties, the PGA Tour is committed to delivering a successful event while making sure the safety of everyone involved remains a top priority. So, fans must remain patient as the tournament continues to work through the weather-related delays before crowning the champion at Kapalua - hopefully on Tuesday.