article: Jorge Mendes, as agents do, backs his client. Forget Manchester United, he tells us, Radamel Falcao can walk into any team. Not on recent evidence he can't. Both Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie failed to impress in Manchester United's clash with Burnley . The Colombian forward (left) was eventually substituted for James Wilson, who was more effective . Against 19th-placed Burnley the Colombian combined with Robin van Persie in the most one-paced attack since the England cricket team last toured Down Under. For weeks United fans had bemoaned Louis van Gaal's decision to play untested youngster James Wilson ahead of the man they paid £6million for just to get on loan. Now we know that there was method in the apparent madness. Burnley's centre-half partnership of Jason Shackell and Michael Keane are not among the Premier League's finest or fastest. For long periods, however, they were untroubled by a strikeforce worth a reported £70m. Their team appeared to be wearing kits made of Bacofoil and throughout the first half Falcao did his best Tin Man impression with the ball cannoning off him on more than one occasion. Falcao has only scored four goals in 18 appearances for United since joining on loan . United captain Wayne Rooney offers a word of advice to Falcao during the Burnley match . It was ugly to see. Yes, his flick back set up Chris Smalling to save United from half-time pelters from their own fans. But the man is here to score goals and he is not doing that. The record says it all: 13 starts, five substitute appearances and four goals. Perhaps it is still too early to judge. This is, remember, a man who has come back from serious injury before. But it would appear that the anterior cruciate ligament damage he sustained in January last year may have done more than keep him out of the World Cup. When Falcao was mercy substituted on 74 minutes against Burnley he received applause you would describe as polite rather than rapturous from the home support. Wilson impressed against an, admittedly tired, Burnley defence when he came on as a substitute . Falcao has been preferred up front to Rooney, who spent parts of the game playing as a holding midfielder . The contingent of travelling Lancastrians were not so kind, gleefully belting out 'What a waste of money'. On came Wilson who, along with Di Maria, immediately had an admittedly tiring defence back-pedalling. The youngster may not have Falcao's pedigree but as Van Gaal has already said, whether a player costs £95m or £5,000 it makes no difference to him. Mendes now appears to have gone nuclear, stating that Falcao would not be struggling if Sir Alex Ferguson had been in charge. That sounds very much like a comment from a man who has just asked United about the chances of them taking up that £43.5m option to make his deal a permanent one.
highlights: Radamel Falcao has scored four goals in 18 appearances this season . His performances for Manchester United have not been good enough . James Wilson has looked more effective when playing up front for them . Falcao struggled again in United's 3-1 win against Burnley . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
id: fd21f0bdd5f29e96e49c6abbbeb4911f68865036
chatgpt: Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao has struggled to make an impact since his arrival on loan from Monaco at the beginning of the season. The Colombian international has only managed to score four goals in his 18 appearances for the Red Devils, which has raised doubts over his long-term future at Old Trafford. Despite his impressive record in front of goal during his time in La Liga and Ligue 1, Falcao is yet to show the same form in the English Premier League. His performances have been lacklustre and he has often found himself on the bench, with James Wilson preferred as the lone striker in certain fixtures. Wilson, who is only 19 years old, has looked more effective when playing up front for United. He has displayed a willingness to run at defenders and has provided a greater threat in front of goal. Given his performances so far, it seems likely that the youngster will continue to get more opportunities in the starting line-up as the season progresses. Falcao's struggles were once again evident during United's recent 3-1 win against Burnley. The South American was given a rare start, but failed to make an impact on the game. His touches were often too heavy and he seemed unable to link up with his teammates effectively. It was only after he was substituted that United began to show more attacking flair, with Wilson providing a more energetic and lively presence up front. However, despite his poor form, there is no denying that Falcao is a top-class striker. He has netted over 200 goals in his career and is regarded as one of the deadliest finishers in world football. If United can get him firing on all cylinders, there is no doubt that he could still prove to be a crucial asset in their quest for silverware this season. The United faithful will be hoping that Falcao can rediscover the form that made him such a sought-after striker in the first place. With key fixtures against Manchester City and Liverpool coming up, Louis van Gaal will need all of his players firing on all cylinders if they are to secure vital victories in the league. In the meantime, United fans can keep up with all the latest news on their team by clicking on the link above. With reports suggesting that the club are looking to make some key signings in the January transfer window, there is sure to be plenty of excitement over the coming weeks as the Red Devils look to strengthen their squad for the remainder of the season.