article: By . Paul Harris for the Daily Mail . She shimmied, she bopped – and of course, she swung her famous derriere to the beat of the music. This is Pippa Middleton strutting her stuff on a dancefloor as she relaxed with friends in the luxury Swiss ski resort of Gstaad. Perhaps what she didn’t expect was an unorthodox move from the chap alongside her as he swept in to steal a kiss. Scroll down for video . Cheeky: Pippa laughs as her friend appears to lean in for a kiss on the cheek at the Swiss ski resort in Gstaad . Grainy footage posted on the internet shows him apparently planting one on our future queen’s little sister as she enjoyed herself at a disco with some cringe-makingly dreadful dance moves. The film was taken at the Palace hotel in Gstaad, where Pippa and her boyfriend Nico Jackson earlier had box seats to watch a match in the Hublot Polo Gold Cup Tournament, a celebrated magnet for the fabulously rich and famous. Yesterday the video was generating interest from around the world as various websites posted links to it, including one that raised the intriguing question: ‘Do you think Pippa has the best boudjies in the business?’ Pippa, 31 next month and looking curvy in an £800 Matthew Williamson dress, is captured doing some 80s-style, finger-pointing moves to raucous music when the unidentified male comes into view on the dancefloor beside her. Dancing queen: Pippa Middleton (centre) and a mystery companion (left) show off their moves at the resort . Moves: The pair get closer as the music plays and the video has been generating interest from around world . Whether he successfully gives her a kiss on the cheek, or simply leans forward to shout in her ear above the cacophony, is uncertain. The surprised reaction of a blonde dance companion alongside Pippa, however, might seem to suggest the former. Pippa was in the trendy resort with Mr Jackson, a grammar school educated stockbroker who has a home in Geneva. They were earlier pictured chatting happily and walking hand in hand around town and at the polo. The couple were recently reported to have been house-hunting in South London after Mr Jackson sold his £1.56million flat in Kensington. An Italian artist has drawn Pippa Middleton's sister the Duchess of Cambridge based on cartoon The Simpsons .
highlights: Pippa Middleton, 31, filmed strutting stuff on dancefloor at hotel in Gstaad . Man is filmed sweeping in to steal a kiss from Duchess of Cambridge's sister . Video has been generating interest from around world as websites share it . Pippa was at resort with boyfriend Nico Jackson watching polo tournament . It’s enough to make Homer eat his shorts – but the Duchess of Cambridge has just been ‘Simpsonized’. Italian blog artist and satirist Alexsandro Palombo has released cartoon images of Kate in a succession of poses based on the popular Simpsons TV series. She is shown, Marge-style, against a backdrop of various royal locations – including some with the Queen at Buckingham Palace, and wearing various outfits based on real life.
id: b1ae291158424bc085cde04db6881ea2abec42e1
chatgpt: Pippa Middleton, the younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge, has been caught on camera strutting her stuff on a dancefloor at a hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland. The 31-year-old was at the resort with her boyfriend Nico Jackson, who was watching a polo tournament, when the incident occurred. But the video, which has been generating interest from around the world as websites share it, took an unexpected turn when a man was filmed sweeping in to steal a kiss from Middleton. The identity of the man is unknown, but it is clear that he was not Jackson. The incident has created a stir on social media, with many people commenting on Middleton's moves and the unexpected kiss. It is not clear whether Middleton was aware of the man's intentions or whether she was surprised by the move. Meanwhile, in a completely unrelated story, the Duchess of Cambridge has been "Simpsonized" by Italian blogger and satirist Alexsandro Palombo. The cartoon images show Kate in a variety of poses based on the popular Simpsons TV series, including one where she is shown standing against a backdrop of various royal locations. The images have been circulating on social media, with many people expressing their delight at the humor of the artwork. Some people have even suggested that Kate should petition to have her character included in an episode of the cartoon show. It is not clear what Kate thinks of the images or whether she has seen them, but the artwork has definitely caught the attention of many people. It is not every day that a member of the royal family gets "Simpsonized", after all. Overall, these two stories have been generating a lot of buzz in the media recently. While Middleton's dancefloor moves have caused some controversy, the "Simpsonized" images of Kate have brought some much-needed humor to the royal family's public image. It remains to be seen how these stories will continue to develop in the coming days and weeks.