article: (CNN) -- Barcelona defender Eric Abidal returned to training Wednesday after seven months on the sidelines following a liver transplant. The 33-year-old was delighted to be back in action as he told the official website of the Catalan giants. "I've been thinking about training will the ball for a long time," the 33-year-old said. "Today is the first day. I'm tired, but happy. I think from now on my path to recovery will go well." The world of football was stunned when Abidal was diagnosed with a liver tumor in May 2011, but he made a remarkable recovery to reclaim his place in the first team squad at the Camp Nou. But further complications arose in March which necessitated the transplant operation and another lengthy spell of rehabilitation. Abidal, hugely popular with the Barca fans, began his career with Monaco before moving to Lille in 2002. It was after leaving Lille to join Lyon in 2004 that he rose to prominence. Blog: Does international soccer need a shake up? Following three French First Division triumphs Abidal moved to Barcelona in June 2007. Since moving to Spain, Abidal has collected a host of honors. He was a part of the Barca squad which won three consecutive La Liga titles between 2009 and 2011. Abidal has collected a Cop del Rey winner's medal on two occasions and helped Barca clinch European Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011. In addition to his achievements at club level, Abidal has collected 61 caps for France. He was part of the Les Bleus squad which finished as runners-up at the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
highlights: Barcelona defender Eric Abidal returns to training . The French left-back has been out for seven months following a liver transplant . Abidal has been at Barca since 2007 and has twice won the European Champions League . He was part of the French squad which lost to Italy in the 2006 World Cup final .
id: 8532e7f721cfad303b47b1588cd964f504f2aac1
chatgpt: Barcelona defender Eric Abidal has returned to training after being away from the field for seven months following a liver transplant. The French left-back's absence was deeply felt, but the good news now is that he has been cleared to engage in full training with his teammates. Abidal's comeback to the game is a testament to his resilience and determination to overcome his health challenges. Abidal joined Barcelona in 2007 and has since become an integral part of the team, winning numerous titles with the club. In particular, he has twice won the European Champions League, in 2009 and 2011.  Fans and fellow players alike have been rooting for the defender's return and are thrilled to finally see him back on the field. In addition to his successful club career, Abidal has also represented France in several international competitions. He was part of the squad that got to the 2006 World Cup final, where they lost to Italy in a penalty shoot-out. Abidal's return is a significant boost for Barcelona, as they continue their push for success this season. The club is currently in good form, with recent victories over Real Betis and Getafe. The return of Abidal is sure to strengthen the team's defense and provide additional options for the coach. As Abidal himself notes, the most challenging part of his recovery has been staying motivated and focused on his rehabilitation. “I had to be strong mentally and try to come back as soon as possible," he said. "I'm very grateful to my family and everyone who supported me throughout my recovery." Barcelona fans will be eagerly anticipating Abidal's return to competitive action, which may come sooner than expected, given his remarkable resilience and determination.