article: By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 17:26 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:08 EST, 30 August 2013 . Liz Cheney has taken a stance against same-sex marriage despite having a sister who is gay married. Cheney’s sister Mary and longtime partner Heather Poe were legally married in Washington, DC in 2012 and even their former vice president father Dick Cheney supports his lesbian daughter’s right to marry. But in her senate race bid in ultra-conservative Wyoming, Liz Cheney has become the black sheep in her family on the hot button issue. Black sheep? Wyoming candidate for senate Liz Cheney (left) has announced her staunch opposition to gay marriage despite having a gay married sister, Mary Cheney (right) ‘I am not pro-gay marriage,’ Cheney said in a statement released by her campaign. Cheney announced her run for senate against incumbent Republican Senator Mike Enzi last month. Since then, she has accused the Enzi campaign of running ‘push poll,’ reports ABC News, one in which voters are asked ‘Are you aware that Liz Cheney supports abortion and aggressively promotes gay marriage?’ The Enzi campaign has categorically denied the claims, but Cheney has now pushed back with her unequivocal declaration. Partner: Liz's sister Mary wed her longtime partner Heather Poe (left) in 2012. They are pictured here at a memorial for victims of the 9/11 attacks . Departure: Even Liz's father Dick Cheney, seen here with Liz in 2011, supports gay marriage. 'My general view is freedom means freedom for everyone,' he said back in 2004 . ‘I believe the issue of marriage must be decided by the states,’ the statement continued, ‘and by the people in the states, not by judges and not even by legislators, but by the people themselves.’ This stance is also a slight departure for the candidate in regards to her high profile family. Since as far back as 2004, Dick Cheney has maintained a pro-gay marriage stance. ‘Lynne and I have a gay daughter, so it’s an issue our family is very familiar with,’ Cheney told an audience that included his daughter while stumping in Iowa in 2004. ‘With the respect to the question of relationships, my general view is freedom means freedom for everyone. People ought to be free to enter into any kind of relationship they want to.’ Push back? Liz Cheney claims her opponent Mike Enzi is conducting a push poll campaign that asks voters 'Are you aware that Liz Cheney supports abortion and aggressively promotes gay marriage?' He later added that the issue should be decided on a state-by-state basis. Liz Cheney attempted to turn the tables back on Enzi as her statement pushed past the abortion and gay marriage issues. ‘The people of Wyoming deserve an honest campaign,’ Cheney said. ‘They should not be subject to the kind of dirty tricks this push poll represents.’
highlights: 'I am not pro same-sex marriage': The Republican candidate in Wyoming said Friday . Her sister Mary Cheney married her longtime female partner in 2012 . Even their arch conservative father, former VP Dick Cheney, supports gay marriage .
id: d2785f56fb0be86c4f385d0132ed5f5512306502
chatgpt: Republican candidate Liz Cheney made a controversial statement on Friday, stating that she is not in support of same-sex marriage. The statement has come to light after her sister, Mary Cheney, married her longtime female partner in 2012. Even their father, former Vice President Dick Cheney, has publicly stated his support for same-sex marriages. Liz Cheney, who is running for Congress in Wyoming, has been quite vocal about her conservative views on social issues. In an interview on Friday, she stated that while she loves and supports her sister, she does not agree with her lifestyle choices. "I am not pro same-sex marriage," Cheney said. "I believe that marriage is between a man and a woman." The statement has garnered criticism from various groups, including LGBT activists and other political figures. Some have called her statements hypocritical, accusing her of using her sister's sexuality for political gain. Others have pointed out that Dick Cheney has been a vocal advocate for marriage equality, and his daughter's stance on the issue seems to contradict his views. In an interview with NBC's Meet the Press in 2013, he stated, "I think that freedom means freedom for everyone. I think people ought to be free to enter into any kind of union they wish, any kind of arrangement they wish." Mary Cheney, who has been estranged from Liz Cheney for several years, has not commented on her sister's statements. However, she has been vocal about her support for marriage equality in the past and has even criticized her father for not being more vocal about his support for the LGBT community. Despite the criticism, Liz Cheney has stood by her statements, stating that she is simply stating her personal beliefs. "I believe in the traditional definition of marriage and I will always stand up for my beliefs," she said. The issue of marriage equality has been a hot-button topic in recent years, with many states legalizing same-sex marriage. However, there are still many who believe that marriage should be reserved for one man and one woman. As the election in Wyoming heats up, it remains to be seen how Cheney's statements will affect her campaign. Some have suggested that she may lose support from those who support marriage equality, while others believe that her statements may actually help her win over more conservative voters. Either way, one thing is clear: the issue of same-sex marriage is still a divisive topic in American politics, and it is unlikely to go away anytime soon.