article: A wealthy British banker and his wife have died from carbon monoxide poisoning at their holiday home in Estonia. The bodies of Philip Townsend and his wife MaryAnne were discovered February 24 and local police say they are treating the deaths as an accident. Mr Townsend, 56, and his wife - the couple have two children a girl, 17 and 17-year-old son both at boarding schools - moved into the Grade Two listed Wood Dalling Hall near Reepham, Norfolk in 1989. Tragic: The bodies of Philip Townsend and his wife MaryAnne who lived in Wood Dalling Hall near Reepham, Norfolk were discovered last Friday . It is understood that Mr Townsend, the . son of a Royal Naval commander, worked in the City but specialised in . arranging deals with Russia and the Baltic states. Locals say the family kept to themselves but became increasingly involved in acrimonious disputes with villagers over land and property. In 1996 Mr Townsend is reported to have obtained a High Court writ to stop a neighbour watering her hanging baskets. Mr Townsend has also become embroiled in lengthy and costly legal battles with neighbours over boundaries and water supplies. Villagers tonight spoke of their shock at news of the double tragedy. Sub post mistress Tricia Joyce said: 'It terrible news - this is a very small quiet community and everyone knows the family.' A statement from relatives of the couple released last night said: 'It is with great regret that the family of Philip and MaryAnne Townsend have to report the tragic accident that took place at their home in Estonia on Friday. 'They both died due to carbon monoxide poisoning. There will be no further police investigation and there will be a UK coroners hearing in the normal way. 'Their children are being looked after by relatives in Norfolk and members of the family have been to Estonia. A further statement about the funeral service will be made shortly.' The family also asked to be left alone to grieve 'in these difficult times.' A spokesman for Norfolk Coroner's office said: 'The coroner has no jurisdiction unless and until the body of a deceased person is within this area. 'The coroner is aware of the deaths of two people in Estonia but will not receive any formal report unless and until their bodies arrive in Norfolk.' A Foreign Office spokesman said: 'We are aware of the deaths of two British nationals in Estonia on February 24th and in contact with the next of kin providing appropriate consular assistance.'
highlights: The bodies were found last Friday in their Estonia holiday home .
id: 41ee31224361d1b45ddcf1fc358e33c753d115b5
chatgpt: Last Friday, two bodies were discovered in a holiday home in Estonia. According to local authorities, the victims were identified as a couple from the United Kingdom named John and Jane Doe. As of now, police have not released any details regarding possible suspects or motive behind the killings. The couple was reportedly staying in Estonia for a vacation, and their holiday home was located in a remote area just outside of Tallinn. Their bodies were found by a neighbor who noticed that the lights in the house were on for an extended period and eventually alerted the police. Upon arriving at the scene, officers discovered John and Jane's lifeless bodies. The investigation is currently underway, and authorities are working hard to find any leads that could help them identify the perpetrator(s) responsible for the murder of this couple. The post-mortem examination revealed that both victims died from gunshot wounds.  The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office have confirmed the deaths and stated that they are providing consular assistance to the family of the deceased. Furthermore, a spokesperson for the office expressed their condolences to the victims' family and friends and urged the Estonian authorities to conduct a thorough investigation to identify those responsible for the horrific event. The death of John and Jane has left their family and friends distressed and dismayed. They described them as a loving and devoted couple who were looking forward to spending quality time in Estonia. The family has appealed to anyone who has any information regarding the murders to come forward and assist the police investigation. Meanwhile, police officers in Estonia are combing over the holiday home for any evidence that could lead them to the killers. They have also urged anyone who might have seen anything suspicious in the area on the day of the incident to contact them. The locals have been shocked and disturbed by the news of the killings. The Estonian authorities have vowed to do everything in their power to resolve the case as soon as possible and bring justice to the victims' families. They have stated that the safety of the general public is their topmost priority, and they are taking all measures necessary to ensure that such a tragic incident doesn't happen again. The incident has sent shockwaves throughout the UK community in Estonia, and it has raised questions about the safety of foreign nationals traveling to Estonia. The UK embassy in Estonia has reminded citizens to take extra caution and heed local laws and regulations while traveling abroad. The brutal killing of John and Jane has reminded everyone of the importance of having proper safety measures when traveling to foreign countries. As the investigation unfolds, it remains to be seen what led to the tragic event that claimed the lives of the couple. Nonetheless, the authorities are determined to do everything in their power to catch the perpetrators and bring them to justice.