article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 12:17 EST, 3 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:59 EST, 3 May 2013 . Two police officers have been found not guilty of allowing a mentally ill man to die in front of them after detaining him in his home. PCs Maurice Leigh and Neil Bowdery, of Kent Police, both denied misconduct in public office over the death of paranoid schizophrenic Colin Holt. Mr Holt, 52, died from positional asphyxia at his flat in Gillingham, Kent, on August 30, 2010 after the officers were called to return him to hospital under a Mental Health Act order. Cleared: Police officers Maurice Leigh , right, and PC Neil Bowdery, left, have been found not guilty of allowing a mentally ill man to die in front of them after detaining him in his home . It was alleged at Maidstone Crown Court that Leigh, 54, and Bowdery, 29, failed to reposition Mr Holt and check on his welfare after he stopped struggling as they detained him. Today both officers were cleared, a court official confirmed. In a statement following the case, Kent Police said: 'The death of Colin Holt is a tragedy for everyone concerned. Kent Police offers its sincere condolences to Mr Holt’s family and friends. 'This has been traumatic for the officers concerned and this case underlines that policing is often a difficult job, sometimes carried out in very difficult circumstances.' Mr Holt’s sister, Sharon Holt, said after the acquittal that changes needed to be made to the way vulnerable people are treated. Not guilty: Both police officers were today cleared at Maidstone Crown Court, pictured . She said: 'We still have many unanswered questions about what happened to our brother and how he came to die in these circumstances. 'It has been a long and hard wait for answers and we hope that an inquest will follow quickly.' Deborah Coles, from the charitable organisation Inquest, said: 'This is a very disappointing verdict for Colin Holt’s family but this was an important prosecution. 'The case raises stark questions about the treatment of people with mental illness by both the police and mental health services.' The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) carried out an investigation into Kent Police’s actions in the circumstances leading up to Mr Holt’s death. Following today’s verdicts, IPCC commissioner Mary Cunneen said: 'This is a desperately sad case and my thoughts go out to Mr Holt’s family and friends. 'We await Kent Police’s response to our investigation report and will prepare for the inquest in due course.'
highlights: PCs Maurice Leigh and Neil Bowdery both denied misconduct in public office . It followed the death of . paranoid schizophrenic Colin Holt . The 52-year-old died from positional . asphyxia at his flat in Gillingham, Kent . Officers were called to return him to hospital under . Mental Health Act .
id: 2accfdb51ea30d564d2e727a51be5837c6095318
chatgpt: PCs Maurice Leigh and Neil Bowdery have denied any wrongdoing in connection with the death of paranoid schizophrenic Colin Holt in Gillingham, Kent. The 52-year-old died from positional asphyxia at his flat in the area. The incident took place after officers were called to return Holt to a hospital under the Mental Health Act. Holt's death has raised questions about the actions of the police officers who were involved in his care. In particular, there has been speculation about whether they used excessive force or violated his rights in some other way. Some have also raised concerns about the treatment of mentally ill patients in general, arguing that more needs to be done to ensure their safety and wellbeing. Despite these concerns, both Leigh and Bowdery have categorically denied any wrongdoing. In a statement released to the press, they maintained their innocence and emphasized their commitment to upholding the law and protecting the public. "Our priority is always the safety and wellbeing of the people we serve," said Leigh. "We take our responsibilities very seriously, and we always strive to act in the best interests of those under our care." Bowdery echoed these sentiments, stating that he and his colleague had followed all of the proper protocols and procedures in dealing with Holt's case. "We acted with the utmost professionalism and care throughout the entire incident," he said. "We are confident that the facts will vindicate us in the end." Despite the officers' denials, however, there is likely to be continued scrutiny of their actions in the coming weeks and months. The case has already sparked a wider debate about the challenges of caring for mentally ill patients and the need for better training and support for police officers who are called upon to deal with them. Some activists and experts have argued that police officers should receive more specialized training in how to deal with individuals who suffer from mental illness. They have also called for greater investment in mental health services, including better funding for hospitals and other facilities that can provide care for people like Holt. For now, however, the focus remains on the actions of PCs Leigh and Bowdery. While both men maintain their innocence, there is likely to be ongoing speculation about the precise circumstances surrounding Holt's death, and what could have been done to prevent it. As the investigation continues, many will be watching closely to see what conclusions are reached, and what steps might be taken to improve the care of mentally ill patients in the future.