article: (CNN) -- The 30-year-old suburban Chicago husband being sought in the stabbing death of his new bride told an associate he was heading to Mexico, where his parents live, according to an FBI affidavit released Friday. Charged with first-degree murder, Arnoldo Jimenez of Burbank, Illinois, was tracked using his phone in southern Illinois near Memphis, Tennessee, through Arkansas to Houston and then to Hidalgo, Texas, near the Mexican border at 10:45 p.m. Sunday, the same day police found his new bride murdered in her home, the affidavit said. On Sunday, Jimenez told his sister by phone that he and Estrella Carrera, 26, "had a bad fight, and he left her bleeding," FBI Special Agent R. Brian Wentz said in an affidavit. Jimenez also told "a close associate" that he was leaving Illinois and "if questioned by law enforcement, the associate should tell law enforcement he went to Mexico," Wentz said in the affidavit, filed in U.S. District Court in Chicago. The Cook County State's Attorney's Office will extradite Jimenez upon his arrest, the FBI said. The FBI has joined the search for Jimenez, now the subject of an international manhunt, and a federal warrant charging Jimenez with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution was issued Friday in U.S. District in Chicago, said FBI Special Agent Ross Rice. Jimenez, born in Texas, still owns property in Pharr, Texas, and also has relatives in North Carolina, the FBI affidavit said. Carrera, found stabbed to death in her bathtub, was still in the sequined cocktail dress she wore to her wedding reception, police said. Jimenez and Carrera were married May 11 at Chicago City Hall, according to authorities. Carrera's cousin Sandy Lopez told CNN affiliate WBBM that the couple had been together for three years. They celebrated their union with family and friends with dinner and a limo ride to at least one nightclub on the city's north side, according to police. The newlyweds were dropped off about 4 a.m. Saturday at their condominium in a three-story brick building, police said. "She was happy. She was fine. Did nothing out of the ordinary at all," Lopez told WBBM. About 36 hours later, police found Carrera's body after responding to a call from a family member concerned that there might be something wrong. Carrera had failed to pick up her two children, ages 2 and 8, as scheduled the day before, police said. There were no signs of forced entry at her home, police said. "It is important to know that this appears to be an isolated incident stemming from a domestic situation and the investigation is continuing," police said this week. Lopez told WBBM she had "no idea why somebody would do this to her." The 6-foot, 225-pound Jimenez was last seen driving a black 2006 Maserati. CNN's Moni Basu and Rich Porter contributed to this report.
highlights: Arnoldo Jimenez told an associate he was going to Mexico, FBI says . FBI tracks phone use from Illinois to Texas near the Mexican border . He told his sister that he and his new bride had "a bad fight," and he left her bleeding . Bride Estrella Carrera, 26, was found stabbed to death in a cocktail dress in the bathtub .
id: 936f2fa03b1fadf4f00a2af65e9c292df5106c3f
chatgpt: Arnoldo Jimenez, the prime suspect in the murder of his new bride Estrella Carrera, has been tracked by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to Texas near the Mexican border. The FBI revealed that Jimenez had told an associate that he was heading to Mexico, which led them to track his phone use from Illinois to Texas. Carrera, 26, was found stabbed to death in a bathtub on her wedding day in May 2012. Reports suggest that Jimenez, who married Carrera just hours before her death, had a major argument with her that night. He later told his sister that they had a "bad fight," and he left her bleeding. The FBI has been on the hunt for Jimenez ever since he became the prime suspect in Carrera's murder. With the aid of advanced technology, they were able to track his phone use and zeroed in on his location in Texas. He is believed to have fled to Mexico through illegal means.  The murder of Estrella Carrera shocked the nation, with many feeling outraged over the killing of an innocent woman on her wedding day. Her tragic death left her family devastated and heartbroken. The authorities have vowed not to rest until justice is served. Jimenez has been charged with first-degree murder, and a warrant has been issued for his arrest. The authorities have appealed to the public to come forward with any information on his whereabouts. The FBI has warned that Jimenez is armed and dangerous and should not be approached by the public. His current location in Mexico is unknown, but authorities say that they are working closely with Mexican law enforcement agencies to track him down. Family and friends of Estrella Carrera have expressed relief in the news that Jimenez has been tracked to Texas. They remain hopeful that he will be apprehended soon and brought to justice. In conclusion, the hunt for Arnoldo Jimenez, the prime suspect in the murder of Estrella Carrera, continues. The FBI tracking his phone use from Illinois to Texas near the Mexican border has given authorities a significant lead in the search for justice. The murder of Carrera remains a tragic reminder of the dangers of domestic violence and the need to stamp it out in all forms.