article: By . Claire Bates . PUBLISHED: . 11:45 EST, 10 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:10 EST, 10 January 2013 . Scientists have developed a synthetic 'poo' that could cure nasty intestinal infections caused by the superbug Clostridium difficile. C. Diff is a toxin-producing bacteria that can multiply in the gut when healthy bacteria have been wiped out by antibiotics. It causes severe diarrhoea and other intestinal disease and can be fatal. Faecal transplants may be an uncomfortable subject, but stools from healthy people have been used for some time to treat patients suffering from the hospital infection. The bacteria from a stool transplant can effectively ‘reset’ the gut, allowing the body to overcome the infection. Emma Allen-Vercoe looks at her stool substitute being created in the Robogut . But while the transplants have been successful, the 'ick' factor makes it difficult for many patients to accept them. There is also a small risk of passing on unknown pathogens from the donor that could later cause disease. Now scientists from the University of Guelph in Canada have developed a substitute called RePOOPulate to replace human faecal matter. They tested it on two elderly patients with chronic C.Diff infections, in a study published and also tested negative for the superbug six months later. 'It's an exciting finding,' said microbiologist Emma Allen-Vercoe, who developed the treatment. Interestingly, the two patients didn't see the return of C. Diff despite taking further antibiotics later on for other infections. Unusual experiment: The Robogut at the University of Guelph . Clostridium difficile can overtake the guts of hospital patients . The synthetic stool is made up from . 33 different bacterial strains initially derived from a donor stool. They are purified and grown in a 'Robo-gut', a complex system of flasks, . tubes and monitors that together mimic the environment of a large . intestine. The probiotic is prepared in a thick saline solution, which looks something like a 'vanilla milkshake' according to Allen-Vercoe. This is then transplanted into patients using a colonoscopy. Using synthetic poo for transplants . eliminates the risk of transmitting an infectious disease through faecal . bacteria because 'the exact composition of the bacteria administered is . known and can be controlled,' Allen-Vercoe said. She added that later testing of stool samples from the two patients showed some features of the synthetic stool . had stabilised in their colons. 'In other words, the introduced microbes . were able to persist,' Allen-Vercoe said. 'This is important because . most commercially available probiotics only colonise transiently.' Watch the full video here .
highlights: Faecal transplants already successfully used to tackle the superbug C. Difficile as they 're-set' balance in the gut - but are not popular with patients . Scientists have developed a synthetic version called RePOOPulate which does the same job, but is safer and better tolerated by patients .
id: 13d009990a1f33904095a17abdc5450cf62ba7d7
chatgpt: Scientists have created a new synthetic faecal transplant, called RePOOPulate, which they claim will be better tolerated by patients than more traditional faecal transplants. Faecal transplants are a relatively new treatment for a range of gut conditions, in which bacteria from a healthy donor's stool are transplanted into a patient's gut to "re-set" the balance of their microbes. This can be highly effective at treating conditions such as C. Difficile, a superbug that can cause severe diarrhoea and even death. However, the procedure can be unappealing to patients, not least because it involves taking cells from another person's stool and transplanting them into their gut. Scientists have been working on creating a synthetic version of this treatment for some time, and RePOOPulate is their latest breakthrough. The new treatment is made from a blend of bacteria that have been carefully chosen to promote healthy gut function. These bacteria are grown in the lab, which means that they can be modified and tested to ensure that they are as safe as possible. According to the researchers behind RePOOPulate, the synthetic treatment could be a game-changer for patients who are reluctant to undergo more traditional faecal transplants. Professor Mark Wilcox, a consultant microbiologist at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, said that the new treatment "offers patients a new hope for treatment, without the ick factor" associated with traditional faecal transplants. There are a number of advantages to using a synthetic version of this treatment, as opposed to relying on donor stool. For one thing, it means that doctors can be sure exactly what microbes are being introduced into the patient's gut, and can tailor the treatment to suit their specific needs. This could prove to be particularly useful for patients who are unable to find a suitable donor or who are at risk of infection from donor stool. Another advantage of RePOOPulate is that it can be tested much more thoroughly than traditional faecal transplants. The treatment can be analysed in the lab to ensure that it is completely safe for patients to receive, which means that there is less risk of adverse reactions or unwanted side effects. The next step for the researchers behind RePOOPulate will be to carry out a clinical trial of the treatment, to see how effective it is at treating a range of gut conditions. If the trial is successful, it could open up a whole new range of treatment options for patients who are struggling with gut problems. In the meantime, scientists are continuing to explore the potential of faecal transplants as a treatment for a range of conditions. While the idea of transplanting stool may still be off-putting to some patients, it is clear that the treatment has the potential to be highly effective. With the development of synthetic treatments like RePOOPulate, doctors may soon be able to offer patients a range of safe and effective options for managing their gut health.