article: Didier Drogba looked particularly surprised to see Chelsea striker Diego Costa back in training after the £32million signing's injury lay-off. The 36-year-old has been deputising for Costa, who spent one night in hospital after a virus hampered his recovery from hamstring and groin injuries, with Loic Remy also sidelined. Costa has been absent from Chelsea's squad since representing Spain against Slovakia and Luxembourg earlier this month, which led Jose Mourinho to blame manager Vicente del Bosque. But the Chelsea squad looked giddy enough to have their main striker back ahead of the visit of Queens Park Rangers to Stamford Bridge on Saturday, and even tried their hand at basketball. Didier Drogba (left) wide-eyed during Chelsea's training session as Diego Costa (right) returned from injury . Costa runs drills during Chelsea's training session on Thursday ahead of their Queens Park Rangers match . Costa gets on the ball during training after making his return from a hamstring and slight groin injury . Costa (left) and Chelsea defender John Terry (right) train ahead of the visit of QPR to Stamford Bridge . The Chelsea team had a go at playing basketball for a bit of fun during a relaxed training session on Thursday . The Chelsea players took out  time to shoot some hoops during their training session on Thursday . Chelsea sit top of the Premier League after an unbeaten start to the season, and have a six-point advantage over reigning champions Manchester City. Costa's last Chelsea game saw the 26-year-old seal a 2-0 win against London rivals Arsenal, and the former Atletico Madrid striker will be hungry to add to his nine-goal tally so far. Mourinho's day may only be spoiled by the news that Spain manager Del Bosque insisted he will remain 'stubborn' over the selection of Costa. Mourinho blamed Costa's inclusion in Spain's Euro 2016 qualifiers earlier in October for his lay-off, but Del Bosque says he will not leave the striker out just to satisfy the Chelsea boss. 'In some things we are very flexible and in others stubborn, and in this we are stubborn,' says Del Bosque. 'I don't know if we are right or wrong, but if we hadn't called up Costa for the national team we'd definitely have been criticised for not having done so.' Drogba walks with manager Jose Mourinho (right) during the training session on Thursday . Chelsea goalkeeper Thibout Courtois during a training session at Cobham training ground on Thursday . Chelsea coach Silvino Louro gets Eden Hazard (right) in a head-lock during the training session on Thursday . Cesc Fabregas arrives for the training session on Thursday ahead of Chelsea's match against QPR . VIDEO Redknapp hopeful of Stamford Bridge repeat .
highlights: Diego Costa returns to Chelsea training after hamstring and groin injuries . The striker spent a night in hospital after a virus hampered his recovery . Chelsea welcome Queens Park Rangers to Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Eden Hazard has said that his connection with Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa took no longer than a week .
id: 976eac0d52faf5082a28c7af0000ed75d69dc6a4
chatgpt: Chelsea fans have been eagerly anticipating Diego Costa's return to the squad after being sidelined by hamstring and groin injuries. After weeks of grueling sessions with the medical team, the Spanish striker finally returned to training with his teammates on Friday. While his return is good news for Chelsea, the player's recovery was not without hiccups. Costa was said to have spent a night in the hospital after a virus slowed down his already delayed recovery. The player had reportedly had to work extra hard in training to regain his fitness after sustaining the injuries in Chelsea’s Premier League defeat to Leicester City. Costa’s return couldn't have come at a better time for Chelsea, as they are set to host Queens Park Rangers at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. With a string of poor performances, Chelsea will be looking to their talisman to help get them back on track. While Costa's return provides a boost for Chelsea, there have been other positive developments at the club. Belgian winger Eden Hazard has been in fine form, and he has stated that his connection with Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa took no longer than a week to develop. This has been one of the highlights of the season for Chelsea so far. Speaking to the media, Hazard expressed his admiration for Fabregas and Costa and how they have helped him settle in at Chelsea. He said, "I am playing a lot with Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa, so it was not difficult to understand them. With them, you know you have to give them the ball because they can create opportunities for you. Every player wants to be on the pitch and I know I have to be strong because the Premier League is very hard." Hazard's impressive form has been a shining light for Chelsea this season, as the club look to turn around their fortunes. The Belgian has scored five goals and provided two assists in his last 10 appearances in all competitions, and he will be looking to inspire his teammates to victory. Costa's return is just what Chelsea needed to boost their chances of winning the Premier League this season. With crucial games coming up, the Spanish striker will be pivotal to Chelsea's success. The club will also be hoping that Hazard’s connection with Fabregas and Costa will continue to flourish, providing the club with the platform they need to mount a title challenge.