article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- A neighborhood in east London was getting back to normal Saturday after British Army engineers detonated a large World War II bomb unearthed this week on a building site, officials said. Army engineers covered the bomb with sand to minimise the risk of an explosion. An Army bomb disposal team carried out a controlled explosion on the 2,200-pound German warhead at 5:55 p.m. (12:55 p.m. ET) Friday, London's Metropolitan Police said. Video of the blast showed brown dirt, debris and black smoke shooting into the air when the bomb went off. There were no reports of any injuries or damage to surrounding property after the blast, the police and Ministry of Defense said. The public was allowed back into the industrial neighborhood by Friday night, authorities said. Two subway lines and a rail line in the area, which were shut down after construction crews discovered the bomb Monday, were running normal service Saturday, transportation officials said. London's transit authority, Transport for London (TfL), said the police and army gave permission for its engineers to check the tracks less than an hour after the controlled explosion. The tracks were clear of debris and damage and services resumed at 7:13 p.m. (2:13 p.m. ET), TfL said. Contractors preparing a waterway near the site of the future Olympic Park discovered the bomb Monday. The Ministry of Defense said the bomb, which measured four feet by two feet, was the largest one found in the capital since 1975. The bomb was "enormous," said Simon Saunders, a spokesman for the British Army's London district. At one point during the week the bomb started ticking, which suggested a timing device, Saunders said. Disposal experts put strong magnets next to the bomb to shut down the clockwork and the ticking stopped, he said. It's not uncommon for World War II-era bombs to be unearthed in Europe. In London, which suffered the aerial bombardment of the Blitz, bombs are uncovered two or three times a year, Saunders said. The London Blitz lasted from September 1940 until May 1941. German bombers attacked the city every day or night for the first two months, but the worst night was the last -- May 10, 1941, when 3,000 people were killed in London, according to the Museum of London. Much of the Blitz focused on east London. In all, more than 20,000 people were killed in the Blitz, short for "Blitzkrieg," the German word for "lightning war."
highlights: British Army engineers detonate a large World War II bomb in London . Ministry of Defense: Bomb was the largest found in the capital since 1975 . Disposal experts used strong magnets to stop timer after bomb started ticking .
id: c319070b5ca849570737f86a8fa38703a4517433
chatgpt: Yesterday, British Army engineers detonated a large World War II bomb in London that had been discovered by construction workers, causing widespread disruption in the area. The bomb, believed to be the largest found in London since 1975, was found during excavation work at a construction site in the area of Hackney. According to reports, the bomb was discovered by construction workers who were excavating the site for a new development. The workers immediately called the police, and a cordon was set up around the area to ensure public safety. Upon arrival, the Ministry of Defense’s Explosive Ordnance Disposal team took over the operation. Disposal experts used strong magnets to stop the timer after the bomb started ticking. The bomb, which was believed to be a German 5,000-pound bomb, was then safely detonated by the engineers. The detonation caused a loud explosion that was heard throughout the city, and many residents reported feeling the ground shake. Despite the disruption and noise caused by the detonation, no one was injured in the incident. In a statement, the Ministry of Defense emphasized the importance of taking all necessary precautions when dealing with wartime explosives: "The success of this operation demonstrates the importance of ongoing efforts to clear unexploded bombs from the Second World War, which continue to pose a risk to public safety as they are discovered during development and construction work." The discovery of unexploded bombs is a common occurrence in London and other cities throughout Europe. During World War II, the German Luftwaffe dropped thousands of bombs on London and other major cities, many of which failed to detonate upon impact. As a result, unexploded bombs from the war continue to be discovered today as new construction and excavation projects take place in the affected areas. The Ministry of Defense reminds the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious objects they discover to the authorities immediately. In conclusion, the safe detonation of this WWII bomb is a reminder of the ongoing dangers presented by unexploded wartime weapons. The Ministry of Defense and other authorities must remain vigilant in their efforts to discover and safely dispose of these weapons before they harm innocent civilians.