article: An independent Scotland will not be able to compete in the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, a senior Games official has warned. Olympic Committee vice president Sir Craig Reedie said Scottish athletes were highly unlikely to be able to represent their new country at the next games if the country votes for independence next week. Sir Craig, who is also president of the World Anti-Doping Agency, said there would not be enough time between Scottish independence in March 2016 and the start of the Games that summer to allow Scotland into the event. The revelation comes amid mounting concern in Westminster over a surge in support for independence. A poll for Sunday Times put the ‘Yes’ camp ahead on 51 per cent to the No camp's 49 per cent. Panicking Westminster politicians have drawn up a last-minute plan to save the union – promising Scotland sweeping new powers on tax and welfare. The prospect of missing out on the world’s biggest sporting event will offer the ‘No’ to independence camp further ammunition against separation. For Scotland to be allowed to compete, the country’s new sporting body will have to show that it is ‘an independent nation recognised by the international community’. But because of the short time frame between independence and the opening of the Games, Sir Craig told the Observer he thought it would be ‘very, very difficult’ for a newly independent Scottish team to take part. He said: ‘I have no idea how long that process of recognition will take. In practical terms the IOC has tended to use recognition by the United Nations. ‘Many of the sports will have qualifying competitions that have all but finished. I don't know if it could be done in time. I suspect it would be very, very difficult.’ A working group on Scottish sport, set up by the Scottish Parliament and chaired by former first minister Henry McLeish, concluded in May that a Scottish team at the Rio Games was feasible. Scroll down for video . But Sir Craig said: ‘It would be difficult to deliver in time because I simply don't know when an independent Scotland would be recognised by the IOC.’ He said he believed some athletes may choose to continue representing Team GB regardless of the outcome of the vote. The British Olympic Association, chaired by Lord Coe, said it had not formed a view on what it would do if Scotland voted for independence.
highlights: Independent Scotland will not be able to compete in the 2016 Olympics in Rio . Olympic vice president Craig Reedie says Scots athletes  unlikely to compete . There isn't enough time between independence  and the start of the Games .
id: ae33ba823cee68435b0604954858a6f2542a6d0e
chatgpt: Scottish athletes will not be able to compete in the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, according to Craig Reedie, the Olympic vice president. Reedie recently made a statement that Scottish athletes are unlikely to be able to compete at the next Olympic Games if Scotland becomes an independent country. Reedie cited the fact that there would not be enough time between the official declaration of independence and the start of the Games.  The Olympics is one of the biggest sporting events in the world and athletes from every country are eager to compete in it. However, the issue of Scottish independence has raised concerns about whether Scottish athletes will be able to take part in the Games under their own flag. Scotland is scheduled to hold a referendum on independence on September 18, 2014, which will determine whether Scotland will become an independent nation or remain part of the United Kingdom. Reedie's concerns about Scottish athletes being unable to compete in the Games are based on the fact that there would be insufficient time after Scotland becomes independent to set up a National Olympic Committee (NOC). The NOC would be responsible for organizing the country's participation in the Olympics and would need to be fully operational before Scottish athletes could compete in the games. Most countries have established NOCs, which are responsible for the organization and management of their country's participation in the Olympic Games. However, if Scotland becomes independent, it will not automatically receive an NOC. Instead, it will need to establish its own NOC, which could take months or even years to fully establish. The process of setting up an NOC is complicated and involves establishing a governing body, securing funding, and ensuring that the NOC meets the International Olympic Committee's (IOC) guidelines for the organization of Olympic teams. However, even if an NOC is established quickly after Scottish independence, it would still need time to select athletes and prepare them for the Games. Reedie's comments have caused concern among Scottish athletes and sports officials who are hoping that Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom. However, some pro-independence campaigners have dismissed Reedie's comments as scaremongering and political posturing. The issue of whether Scottish athletes will be able to compete in the Olympics is just one of the many issues that will need to be addressed if Scotland becomes independent. Other key issues include the establishment of a new currency, negotiations with the European Union, and the division of assets and liabilities between Scotland and the rest of the UK. Overall, Craig Reedie's comments highlight the difficulties that an independent Scotland would face in setting up its own Olympic team. With the Olympic Games just two years away, there is little time for Scotland to establish an NOC and prepare its athletes for the Games. As the referendum date approaches, it is clear that the issue of Scottish independence will have far-reaching implications for sports in Scotland and around the world.