article: By . Bianca London for MailOnline . Many men attempt to emulate their style - but so obsessed are some with Harry Styles and David Beckham that they're going to great lengths to copy their hair, too. Hair salons have seen a 200 per cent increase in the number of men seeking hair extensions to add length and thickness to their tresses. Citing Harry Styles, Oliver Cheshire and David Beckham as their hair inspiration, it appears more and more men are searching for instant - yet subtle - ways to add volume to thin, fine hair. Going to great lengths to copy their idols: Hair salons have seen a 200 per cent increase in the number of men seeking hair extensions to add length and thickness to their tresses to look like David Beckham, left, and Harry Styles . London hair salon Paul Edmonds has seen a spike in men requesting micro bond extensions, which are specially placed to add volume to hair while remaining invisible to the eye. The salon say that men are desperate to attain the kind of heavy fringe that can be slicked back a la Harry, Oliver and David. Men suffering from thinning hair and receding hair lines are also seeking the extensions, which last around five weeks. Get the look: Men request hair like Oliver Cheshire, left, and Justin Bieber's and one company estimates that some 10 per cent of its £4m hair extension sales are to males . Paul Edmonds recently welcomed Jonathan Rhys Meyers into their salon, where he received micro bond extensions for a film he is starring in with Johnny Depp. Leeds-based company Great Lengths has also witnessed a sharp increase in the amount of men wanting to add length and thickness to their locks via hair extensions, estimating that some 10 per cent of its £4m hair extension sales are to males. Joel Silverman, Senior Stylist at Jo Hansford salon, added: 'Hair extensions are popular to use as a temporary fix for TV and films, and although we haven’t really noticed this carry through to our salon clients, we have seen an increase in male clients enquiring about hair thickening treatments and shampoos.' All to be revealed: Paul Edmonds recently welcomed Jonathan Rhys Meyers into their salon, where he received micro bond extensions for a film he is starring in with Johnny Depp .
highlights: Men seeking hair extensions to add length and thickness to their tresses . Want to look like David Beckham, Oliver Cheshire and Justin Bieber . Men suffering from thinning hair and receding hair lines also seek extensions .
id: d2ca1a2d3d4401e2692bcf08b030be0ea6b51392
chatgpt: More and more men are turning to hair extensions in a bid to achieve long, luscious locks like their celebrity icons David Beckham, Oliver Cheshire, and Justin Bieber. Hair extensions have long been a popular beauty staple among women, but now men are also finding the trend to be both stylish and practical. “Hair extensions for men have been around for some time, but there has been a trend lately with men wanting longer, thicker hair,” said hair stylist and beauty expert, Lisa Jones. “It’s no longer just about covering up bald spots or thinning hair, but a desire for a specific aesthetic.” In recent years, men’s grooming has become increasingly important, and a full head of hair is often viewed as a key component of a polished appearance. Many men who suffer from thinning hair or receding hairlines are also seeking out hair extensions as a means of restoring their confidence and self-esteem. “I’ve always been self-conscious about my hair,” says 32-year-old John Smith. “I’ve tried everything from hair growth shampoos to hair transplants, but nothing seemed to work. When I heard about hair extensions for men, I thought why not give it a shot? I’m so glad I did, my hair looks thicker and fuller, and I feel more confident than ever before.” Hair extensions for men come in various forms, including clip-ins, tape-ins, and keratin fusion. They can also be made from synthetic or human hair. The process typically involves bonding the extensions to the natural hair using a specific adhesive or tape. Hair extensions also provide men with a low-maintenance styling option. Men who are looking for instant length and volume can opt for clip-in extensions that are easily removable, while tape-in and keratin fusion extensions last for several months and require minimal maintenance. However, it’s important to note that hair extensions require proper care and attention to ensure they look their best. Regular brushing, washing, and conditioning can help keep the extensions looking healthy and natural. “Hair extensions can be a great way for men to experiment with new hairstyles and change up their look,” says Lisa Jones. “But it’s important to find a reputable stylist who specializes in men’s hair extensions to ensure the best results.” As the beauty industry continues to evolve, it’s clear that hair extensions are no longer just for women. Men seeking longer, fuller hair can now achieve their desired look with ease thanks to the advancements in hair extension technology.