article: By . Peter Rugg . An 8-year-old boy was killed in a pre-dawn fire early Monday while his brother, 9, made a daring escape from their burning home by jumping from the second-story bedroom window. According to police, Jayden Isme was killed at the scene of the townhouse fire, which was so intense firefighters were forced to retreat from the blaze. His brother Justin Isme ran to a neighbor's house to call 911 after escaping and though he suffered minor injuries will survive. Father Wisler Toto Isme, pictured her with sons Jayden and Justin, was being interviewed by authorities shortly after the fire . The inferno was so out of control firefighters were unable to enter the residence without risk of being trapped by the collapsing structure . Grieving neighbors mourn Jayden Isme, 8, who was was killed at the scene of the townhouse fire . Brother Justin, 9, escaped the house by jumping from the second-floor window . 'I saw a little boy who was running, and he must have thought the . other boy was behind him but he wasn't,' neighborhood resident Sally Williams told The Sun-Sentinel. 'It hurts me, it just hurts.' Lauderhill Police Department spokesman Lt. Michael Butkus said the boys lived with their mother at the townhome on 2031 NW 59th Way and that their father stayed there on occasion. 'We were able to confirm that the children were left home alone,' Butkus . said. 'There definitely is a possibility of . criminal charges, but we're going to wait until the investigation plays . out.' He did not release the parent's names. Neighbors called the brothers an inseparable duo . The fire at the home was so intense authorities were forced to retreat from it . Neighbor Michael Florent, 31, described the brothers as friendly boys 'heavy into sports.' 'Always together,' he said. 'When you seen one, you seen the other one, always together.' Justin attempted 'to get the other brother out but was unable to,' Butkus said. The surviving brother was treated at the Plantation General Hospital. The cause of the fire remains a mystery. 'There's nothing that I'm seeing or hearing that would indicate there . was any type of real malicious activity that has gone on,' Butkus said. 'It appears to have been an unfortunate tragedy.' Authorities have yet to determine the cause of the fire . Jayden's body could not be removed from the townhouse for several hours because of safety concerns. Florent said his own boy, 8, would often ride bikes with the brothers. 'You shouldn't leave kids alone in the house like that,' he said.
highlights: Jayden Isme, 8, killed in townhouse blaze too hot for firefighters to get through . Brother Justin, 9, was treated for minor injuries and is expected to make a full recovery . Authorities have yet to determine the cause of the fire .
id: 78350c29c5ed0e4c6d4f46bf3a19ef588ffac65e
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a townhouse in Maryland on Saturday as an 8-year-old boy lost his life in a blaze that was too intense for firefighters to enter. Jayden Isme was pronounced dead at the scene while his older brother, Justin, was treated for minor injuries and is expected to make a full recovery.  The incident occurred around 11 pm on Saturday in the 4600 block of Sirius Street, in the city of Capitol Heights. The two boys had been home alone when the fire broke out, according to authorities.  Firefighters arrived on the scene within minutes, but the intensity of the blaze prevented them from entering the townhouse. Instead, they fought the flames from the outside, using hoses to douse the inferno.  "Our firefighters did everything they could to save this young boy's life," said Mark Brady, spokesperson for Prince George's County Fire and EMS. "Unfortunately, the fire had already spread too far and was too hot for them to make entry."  The cause of the fire is still under investigation, but authorities have ruled out foul play. Brady noted that there were no smoke detectors found in the townhouse, which may have contributed to the tragedy.  "Smoke detectors are incredibly important in alerting people to the presence of a fire," he said. "They give residents the extra time they need to get out safely."  Neighbors of the family expressed shock and sadness at the news of Jayden's death. "He was a sweet little boy," said Karen Smith, who lived next door to the family. "I can't believe he's gone. It's a tragedy."  A memorial has been set up outside the townhouse, with flowers and candles left in memory of Jayden. The family has not yet released a statement on the tragedy.  The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of having working smoke detectors in the home. The National Fire Protection Association recommends that smoke detectors be installed on every level of the home, including the basement, and inside each bedroom. They should also be tested monthly to ensure that they are working properly.  As the community mourns the loss of Jayden, firefighters and authorities continue to investigate the cause of the deadly blaze. Anyone with information on the incident is urged to contact Prince George's County Fire and EMS or the Capitol Heights Police Department.