article: David Warner admitted he struggled to keep his composure in the moments prior to the start of the fourth Test against India - six weeks on from Phillip Hughes' death at the same venue. The final Test of this series was always going to be an emotional affair after Hughes lost his life after being hit in the neck by a bouncer while playing for South Australia at the Sydney venue in November. A bronze plaque in honour of Hughes had been installed outside the dressing rooms before the start of the contest and Warner made a point of placing his hand on it as he walked out to bat with fellow opener Chris Rogers. David Warner looks to the sky after scoring a century for Australia against India in Sydney . Warner jumps in the air as he celebrates his century on day one of the fourth Test on Tuesday . Warner had been in the middle when tragedy struck during the Sheffield Sheild match and was clearly intent on paying tribute to his friend as he set about scoring at a blistering pace after Steve Smith had won the toss and decided to bat. Warner kissed the ground upon reaching 63 - the score that Hughes was on when he was struck by the delivery - and after he went on to score his third century of the series to help Australia to a commanding 348 for two at stumps, the 28-year-old opener admitted that the occasion had been somewhat overwhelming. 'I had a tear in my eye this morning when I walked out to warm up and I saw Greg up in the stands and Megs (Hughes' father and sister) and it's fantastic for them to be here,' Warner said. Warner kisses the ground in tribute to Hughes after scoring 63 runs at the Sydney Cricket Ground . Australian batsman Warner plays a shot on his way to a century against India . 'The hurt and the pain that they've gone through and how much it would have hurt them to come back today - it's courageous for them to be here and I applaud them for making the effort to come down, it's fantastic. 'I was quite emotional at the anthems, the little tribute (to Hughes) beforehand sort of put those memories back in place and seeing that little smile up on the board before going out there to sing the national anthem was quite hard. 'I had a minute when I came back off before we went onto the field of play and I had my head in a towel and I had to dig deep and go out there and bat the way I know I can and try and clear my mind. 'it was tough but I got out there and got back on the horse as we should be.' Warner touches the bronze plague in honour of Hughes as he walks out to bat in Sydney .
highlights: David Warner scored a century on day one of the fourth Test between Australia and India . The Test is being held at the Sydney Cricket Ground - six weeks on from Phillip Hughes' death at the same venue . Warner kissed the ground upon reaching 63 runs .
id: 97ea81a898162277e21360911008de8f32f81f49
chatgpt: David Warner's century on the opening day of the fourth test match between Australia and India at Sydney Cricket Ground has brought cheers for the home team. The cricket world has been closely watching this match as it comes just several weeks after the death of the Australian cricketer, Phillip Hughes who died after being hit on the neck by a bouncer. Warner's brilliant performance with the bat was a befitting tribute to his former teammate Hughes. As soon as Warner reached 63 runs, he kissed the ground, a gesture reminiscent of Hughes' own routine. The moment was an emotional one for the entire team and fans of the game worldwide. Warner continued to display his prowess with the bat, scoring his 17th test century. He smashed 154 runs off 296 balls, including 13 boundaries during Australia's innings, which lasted for 155.3 overs. Warner proved to be a thorn in the side for the Indian bowlers, and they had no answer to his flamboyance. The Indian team had a tough day on the field, having toiled hard for over four sessions before they could manage to take their first wicket. Ravichandran Ashwin, India's off-spinner, finally broke Warner's partnership with Marnus Labuschagne, which had lasted 56 overs.  While Warner's brilliant innings brought joy to the Australian cricket fans, it was not without controversy. During his innings, he was involved in an on-field spat with Indian cricketer, Navdeep Saini. Saini appeared to exchange heated words with the batsman after he was hit on the elbow by a delivery from the Australian quick. The umpires intervened to defuse the situation, and Warner was given a reprimand for his part in the altercation. However, Warner kept his composure and went on to steer Australia to a commanding position before he was finally dismissed late in the day. Several Australian players wore black armbands to pay tribute to Hughes, who died six weeks ago at the same venue where the match is taking place. His death sent shockwaves through the cricketing community, and the sport has been mourning his loss ever since. Overall, it was a day that belonged to David Warner, who deserved every bit of the accolades he received for his century. The home team has a lot of work to do to maintain their dominance over India in this test match, but Warner's innings will undoubtedly give them the confidence they need to push forward.  The match will continue for the next four days, and cricket enthusiasts worldwide are eagerly waiting to see if Warner can continue his brilliant form and take Australia to victory.