article: By . Liz Thomas . PUBLISHED: . 18:49 EST, 7 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:16 EST, 8 June 2012 . The BBC’s Diamond Jubilee coverage misfired, one of its main presenters admitted yesterday. Clare Balding confessed she believed the corporation’s coverage of the river pageant fell short. And in an acknowledgement of the audience’s frustration at the ‘inane’ commentary, she said: ‘If you ever hear me say the atmosphere is wonderful, shoot me.’ Disappointed: Clare Balding has admitted she felt the BBC's coverage of the Diamond Jubilee fell short . Miss Balding is the first presenter to speak out about the coverage, which has brought more than 3,600 complaints. She said at the Hay Festival: ‘I think (the BBC’s) aim with the pageant was to give a festival atmosphere. ‘They were worried that a camera just looking at a boat might be a bit dull. It was done with the best of intentions. There was a lot going on that was difficult to deal with.’ 'Inane': Matt Baker, left, was singled out as the BBC received criticism from viewers for their coverage of the Diamond Jubilee Thames River pageant on Sunday . Miss Balding reported from  the £1million rowing boat Gloriana and said that six out of the nine cameras on the vessels were not working and bad weather caused communications problems between producers and presenters. She suggested better preparation would have helped,  adding: ‘It is difficult to cover a big event. You have a minute to make an impact. 'Tedious': Matt Baker and Sophie Raworth anchor the BBC's coverage of the River pageant on Sunday . Have you taken any pictures of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee celebrations? From The Thames to your town, we want to see them. Send them for publication to the Mail Online on the email address: mailonlinepictures@dailymail.co.uk . ‘Because of my sports background I believe facts are my friend. If you ever hear me say the atmosphere is wonderful, shoot me.’ Miss Balding did not directly criticise any  of her colleagues but viewers have hit out at Fearne Cotton, Matt Baker and Chris Hollins. Miss Cotton interviewed war veterans during the pageant but got one man’s name wrong and viewers found her tone disrespectful. Baker was branded ‘woeful’ for his presentation of Sunday’s pageant. The BBC said last night it reviews all its broadcasts and the Jubilee coverage ‘will be no exception’. Sorry, wrong name: Fearne Cotton addressed a war veteran called John as Jim during one interview . Criticism: Tess Daly reports on the Diamond Jubilee River Pageant on Sunday which led to a Twitter backlash .
highlights: BBC were worried that showing pictures of 'a boat' might be dull, says Balding . 'Because of my sports background I believe facts are my friend' she says .
id: 5bf4a0d0c694e3c1eda5bf4100d00702aa8721f5
chatgpt: Clare Balding, the well-known BBC sports broadcaster, recently revealed that the network was hesitant to feature a story about a boat due to concerns that it may come across as dull. However, Balding reassured her team that with her sports background, she knows how to make facts engaging and interesting for viewers. During a recent interview, Balding recalled a time when the BBC team was hesitant about featuring news related to a boat. "They were worried that showing pictures of a boat might be dull," she said. However, Balding's experience as a sports presenter allowed her to understand that the key to making any topic interesting is in the details and how they are presented. "Because of my sports background I believe facts are my friend," Balding said. "I've been involved in presenting sports for so long, and it's about finding different angles and different ways to tell a story. And I think that's what makes a good journalist, finding that story and how you want to tell it." Balding's ability to make any story compelling has been apparent throughout her career. From reporting on major sporting events such as the Olympics and Wimbledon to hosting her own television show, she has proven time and time again that she knows how to connect with her audience and make them interested in the topic at hand. Balding's approach to storytelling involves finding different angles and themes that connect to the subject. This is a skill that is especially important when it comes to traditional news topics that may be perceived as dry or unengaging. "Journalism is about storytelling, it's about finding a way to connect the audience to the story that you're telling," Balding said. "I think sports journalism is no different to any other journalism in that respect. You're just trying to find the story within the event or the game that you're covering." Despite the initial concerns from her team, Balding was able to present the boat story in a captivating way. She used her storytelling skills to focus on the unique features of the boat, the history behind it, and the people involved in its construction and upkeep. Balding's approach is a reminder that journalistic storytelling is not just about the facts, but also about the way that story is presented. The details are important, but it takes a skillful journalist to understand how to present them in a way that engages the audience. In conclusion, Clare Balding's experience as a sports presenter has given her a unique perspective on storytelling. She understands that while facts are essential, it's the unique angles and themes that make a story compelling. Her recent success in presenting a story about a boat is a testament to her skills as a journalist and presenter.