article: Britney Spears has opened up about the 90-minute yoga sessions and thrice-weekly cardio workouts that prepared her for her two-year Piece Of Me residency at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. Her comments come after she was accused of faking her toned six-pack with contouring make-up when photos from final dress rehearsals were released last month. The 32-year-old mother-of-two told Shape that her toned body is actually hard-won, especially those defined stomach muscles. Hard work: Britney Spears, who was accused of wearing contouring make-up on her stomach during her Vegas shows, has credited her body to 90-minute yoga sessions and thrice-weekly cardio workouts . 'I'm doing 90 minutes of yoga twice a . week in addition to a lot of cardio - hour-long sessions three times a . week with my trainer, Tony Martinez,' she said. This is not the first time that Britney has credited yoga with changing her body for the better. In June last year, her Los Angeles-based yoga teacher Elizabeth I shared some of the poses that have proved especially beneficial for the singer, such as the Bow, the Boat and the Camel. 'Sometimes we focus on the core or relaxation, but other times I just kick her butt!' 'Sometimes we focus on the core or relaxation, but other times I just kick her butt!' she told Shape, explaining that these moves help strengthen the core and sculpt the shoulders. Britney was first accused of wearing body contouring make-up on her stomach area when images from her final dress rehearsals hit the internet just after Christmas. And when the singer posted a snap on Instagram from her first show on December 28th, fans were quick to raise the issue in the comments. 'I see the spray tan marks from the abs,' said one, while another commented, 'Ur Abs are so fake! [sic]' Toned: Britney preforms live during the opening night for her residency show at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas . On form: Britney's on-stage dance routines have certainly helped add to her cardio routines. She says that her new choreographers have been working her hard . Another user wrote: 'Oh my gosh. If having a nice body was really that important to you, you should be working out not painting them on!' Of course her on-stage dance routines have certainly helped add to her cardio routines. She says that her new choreographers have been working her hard. 'This . year I have new choreographers,' she explained. 'They're fresh and . upcoming guys so their stuff is really hard. It's more rewarding after . you perform something that's really hard to do rather than something . that you just throw together.' Britney performed over four nights after Christmas and is now taking a month-long break. She will return to the stage for a month of shows beginning at the end of January. The star will perform 24 of her hits each night and has made sure to include many old favorites for her fans.
highlights: Britney was accused of . faking her toned six-pack with contouring make-up when photos from final . dress rehearsals emerged last month .
id: 735efc389cd0efb8cd665247260c621e0690a427
chatgpt: Pop superstar Britney Spears has once again found herself at the center of controversy. Last month, photos from her final dress rehearsals for her upcoming world tour emerged, and fans were quick to notice something amiss: Britney's six-pack abs looked suspiciously drawn on with makeup.  While Britney has yet to comment on the accusations, experts in the beauty industry have weighed in on the technique she may have used. Known as "body contouring," this makeup technique involves using highlight and shadow to create the illusion of more defined muscles.  While some fans were quick to criticize Britney for allegedly faking her toned physique, others have come to her defense. Many pointed out that even the most physically fit individuals can benefit from a little help in the form of makeup tricks.  "Nobody is perfect, and I don't see any harm in using a little makeup to enhance your natural features," said beauty blogger Elle Woods. "As long as Britney is comfortable with herself and her body, that's all that matters."  However, this isn't the first time that Britney has been accused of faking her appearance. In recent years, photos of her on social media have sparked debates over whether or not she has undergone plastic surgery. While Britney has never confirmed or denied these rumors, many fans have grown concerned about the impact of media scrutiny on her mental health.  "It's not fair to speculate about someone's appearance or to judge them for not looking a certain way," said mental health advocate Michaela Taylor. "We should be focusing on Britney's artistry and talent, not her appearance."  Despite the controversy, Britney's upcoming tour is expected to be a major success. The pop icon has been teasing fans with sneak peeks of her new music and choreography on social media, and tickets are already selling out in many cities.  For many fans, Britney's ability to overcome personal struggles and remain at the top of the music industry is an inspiration. While the media may continue to criticize her appearance, her fans will always support her.  "I don't care if Britney uses makeup to create abs," said fan Sarah Johnson. "She's a legendary performer and an icon in the industry. As long as she's happy and feels confident, that's all that matters."  As the world eagerly awaits Britney's tour, one thing is clear: the controversy surrounding her appearance will not diminish her talent or her popularity. With her army of fans by her side, Britney will continue to reign as the Queen of Pop for years to come.