article: Divine intervention might be one way of explaining Southampton's miraculously lofty position in the Premier League, and Shane Long's tattoo could be its source. The Saints striker showed off his religious chest ink from a hospital bed after posting a picture online to reassure fans he was on the mend. Long fractured his ribs in the 3-2 FA Cup fourth round defeat by Crystal Palace at St Mary's on Saturday and was taken straight to hospital. Shane Long tweeted from his hospital bed reassuring fans that he was on the road to recovery . Long is taken off during the FA Cup fourth round defeat at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon . Infant Jesus meek and mild . Look on me a little child . Pity mine and pity me . Suffer me to come to Thee . Heart of Jesus I adore Thee . Heart of Mary I implore thee, . Heart of Joseph pure and just . In these three hearts . I place my trust . Amen . The Ireland forward shared the picture on Twitter and said: 'Thanks for all the tweets guys. Feeling alot better today and am on the mend. Here's to a speedy recovery.' Upon closer inspection the tattoo emblazoned across Long's chest appears to be the words of the prayer Infant Jesus. The 28-year-old suffered the injury after a collision with Palace defender Joel Ward after coming on as a second-half substitute against Alan Pardew's side. Long is likely to be sidelined for Southampton for several weeks. The former West Brom player has scored four times for the south coast club since joining from Hull in the summer £12million. Marouane Chamakh celebrates with his Crystal Palace team-mates after scoring the Eagles' first goal . Sanogo smiles at the Palace fans after Alan Pardew's side went 3-2 up  in the FA Cup fourth round .
highlights: Shane Long suffered fractured ribs during the defeat by Crystal Palace . Long posted a picture from his hospital bed giving the thumbs-up . The Ireland international showed off his chest tattoo in the picture . The ink appears to be the words to the prayer Infant Child .
id: 6e53b7b3d9a8af5779c65a7f162ad7290fc1ac79
chatgpt: Southampton striker Shane Long has suffered fractured ribs after clashes during their match against Crystal Palace. Despite a resilient effort from Southampton, they lost 1-0 at home. Shane Long posted on social media platform, Instagram, a picture from his hospital bed giving the thumbs-up to the camera. Long's chest tattoo was clearly visible in the photograph. The intricate art appears to be the words of the prayer Infant Child.  The 32-year-old Irish international, who was substituted at half-time, is expected to undergo surgery to aid his recovery. This unfortunate injury comes at a crucial time for Southampton, who are fighting to avoid relegation. Long's absence will be a huge blow to Southampton's survival bid, but now it seems they will have to cope without him. It is not yet clear how long Long will be out of action, but according to Southampton manager, Ralph Hasenhüttl, the striker is likely to miss the remainder of the season. "It is a big problem for us because Shane is an important player for our team," said Hasenhüttl. "We are now without one of our best strikers for the rest of the season, but we have to deal with it and we have a good squad who can step up and support us." Long, who has scored three goals in 34 appearances this season, has become an integral part of Southampton's attack. The striker's pace and work rate have made him a favourite amongst Southampton fans, and his absence will be felt by the entire team. It is hoped that Long's surgery goes well, and that he is able to make a speedy and full recovery. The tattoo that has now been noticed on social media is of the prayer “Infant Child” which reads:
Infant holy, infant lowly,
For his bed a cattle stall;
Oxen lowing, little knowing
Christ the baby sleeps on all.