article: (CNN) -- A 50-year-old California woman reported missing more than a week ago -- having last told her teenage daughter she was heading to a nearby drugstore -- was found dead, police said. The Oakland Police Department said Tuesday in an e-mail that the Alameda County coroner's office has identified the remains of a woman found Friday in Solano County, which is between Sacramento and San Francisco, as those of Sandra Coke. Coke, who worked as an investigator in the Federal Public Defender's Office in Sacramento, was reported missing by her family on August 4. "She was a loving mother, daughter, sister and auntie, and a shining light in our family; her good cheer, easy laugh and generous hugs will be missed," her family said Tuesday in a statement. "Those of us who were privileged to know Sandra will remember her as an unusually kind, generous and big-hearted person." Reports on a Facebook site tied to the family noted that Coke had gone to an Oakland drugstore intending to meet someone she thought had information about her missing dog. Her 15-year-old daughter called Coke's longtime friend, Wendy Springer, hours later when her mother hadn't returned home. Her car -- a 2007 Mini Cooper convertible -- was found in a parking lot the next day. "She would never have left her daughter for more than 15 minutes and not checked in," Springer told reporters Thursday. That day, family members announced a $100,000 reward for information that would lead to Coke. They also spearheaded efforts to canvass the northern California city that she called home. According to Oakland police, Coke had been in good mental and physical health with no history of being reported missing. News of her death spurred an outpouring of condolences, including from Democratic campaign strategist Christine Pelosi and Natasha Minsker, a local ACLU leader who tweeted that Coke "will be missed by many." The grief was palpable in the statement from Coke's family, who hailed her impact professionally and personally on many people. "She passionately devoted her professional life to helping the poor and those who endured difficult childhoods," the family said. "All of us will miss Sandra's beautiful, giving spirit." CNN's Dana Ford contributed to this report.
highlights: Sandra Coke, 50, was reported missing by her family on August 4 . She'd told her daughter she was going to a drugstore, never returned . Her remains were found last week in Solano County, California, police say . She was "a shining light in our family," the Coke family says .
id: f2f08b6cc5d542d4251d5835476ddaeb61dcb3ac
chatgpt: The missing person case of Sandra Coke, a 50-year-old resident of Oakland, California, has come to a tragic end after her remains were found in Solano County last week. Coke was reported missing on August 4 by her family, after she left home to go to a drugstore and never returned. The search for Coke was extensive, involving local police and volunteers. The community rallied around the family, posting flyers and sharing information on social media. However, the search efforts were unsuccessful for several months until last week when Solano County authorities discovered her remains. The Coke family released a statement expressing their grief and sadness over the loss of Sandra. They described her as "a shining light in our family," and remembered her as a kind, loving, and caring person who always put her family and friends first. The Oakland Police Department is investigating the case as a homicide and has identified a suspect in the case. Randy Alana, a convicted felon, has been arrested and charged with Coke's murder. According to police, Alana had a history of criminal activity, including robbery and assault. Alana and Coke reportedly met sometime in 2012 or 2013 after Alana's release from prison, where he had served a sentence for a previous conviction. Coke worked as an investigator for the Office of the Federal Public Defender and had been providing assistance to Alana in his legal case. The motive for Coke's murder is not yet clear, but investigators believe that Alana was the last person to see her alive. They have also found evidence linking Alana to the disposal of Coke's body. The tragic end to Sandra Coke's story has left her family and friends heartbroken. Her death has also been a stark reminder of the dangers that people can face when helping others, particularly those who have a history of criminal activity. The Oakland Police Department has urged anyone with information about the case to come forward and help them bring justice for Sandra Coke. The community is mourning the loss of a kind and caring person who touched the lives of many.