article: New York (CNN) -- The New York Times on Saturday endorsed Christine Quinn, a Democrat, and Joseph Lhota, a Republican, ahead of the primary elections to determine who will run to succeed New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. The endorsements by the renowned newspaper could have substantial influence on the September 10 primary elections for each party. Quinn, the City Council speaker and one of seven Democrats in the primary race, "offers the judgment and record of achievement anyone should want in a mayor," the newspaper said. "She has shepherded through important laws protecting New Yorkers' health, safety and civil rights, including measures banning public smoking, protecting tenants and small businesses, and battling slumlords. She sponsored the sweeping 2007 legislation that made the city's exemplary campaign-finance laws even stronger," the Times endorsement said. The newspaper gave credit to two other Democratic candidates, Bill de Blasio, the public advocate, and former comptroller William Thompson Jr., but said the editorial board had already been set to endorse Quinn even before what they believed was her impressive performance in a debate Wednesday. "We are honored to have the endorsement of the New York Times. The endorsement makes clear that Christine Quinn hasn't just talked about being a progressive, she has a long record of fighting for New York's progressive values and she has delivered results every step of the way," said Mike Morey, spokesman for the campaign. According to the latest NBC 4 NY/Wall Street Journal/Marist survey released on August 16, de Blasio and Quinn are currently tied in the polls. If no candidate obtains the required 40% of the vote, the top two will hold a runoff on Oct. 1. The crowded Democratic field includes former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner. The Times called Republican candidate Joe Lhota, once right-hand man to Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former chairman of the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority, "the best qualified of the three men seeking the Republican nomination for mayor." "Few people know better than Mr. Lhota how city government works. He was an expert budget director for Mr. Giuliani, and then became deputy mayor for operations," the Times said. "In 2011 and 2012, he ran the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which, under his leadership, recovered amazingly quickly from the damage done by Hurricane Sandy," the paper said. CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
highlights: New York Times issues mayoral endorsements . Primaries are Sept. 10 . General election winner will replace Bloomberg .
id: 1155ca83a45f4d9a9ede0438d16d0798592c9f98
chatgpt: The New York Times has officially endorsed two candidates in the upcoming mayoral race as the primaries approach on September 10th. The endorsements come with just weeks left before voters will hit the polls to decide who will replace current Mayor Michael Bloomberg. In a statement issued by The New York Times editorial board, they endorsed Democratic candidate Eric Adams for mayor stating, "His experience in public service and in the NYPD give him the necessary understanding of city government operation and its goals." The editorial board also endorsed Democratic candidate Kathryn Garcia as their second choice for the mayoral race citing her "extensive knowledge of the city's municipal infrastructure and her commitment to improving the quality of life for all New Yorkers." The endorsements were met with mixed reactions. Some praised The New York Times' editorial board for their endorsement of the two candidates, while others criticized the picks, arguing that they may not be the best choices for the city's future. Despite the mixed reactions, both Adams and Garcia have expressed gratitude for the endorsement and remain optimistic about their campaigns. "I'm honored to receive the endorsement from The New York Times and I'm excited to continue to build momentum heading into the primaries," said Adams. Garcia echoed similar sentiments, saying, "I'm grateful for the endorsement and I'm committed to working hard every day to earn the support of voters across the city." The New York City mayoral race has been heating up in recent weeks, with candidates from both parties vying for the chance to lead the city for the next four years. The winner of the general election in November will take over for Mayor Bloomberg, who has been in office for 12 years. Many New Yorkers are eager to see change in the city, particularly in regards to public safety and social justice issues. The candidates have outlined their plans and visions for how they would tackle these issues, but only time will tell who the voters will choose to lead the city into the future. With the primaries just weeks away, each candidate's campaign will likely ramp up in the coming days as they try to secure as many votes as possible. The race is tight and the outcome is uncertain, but what is clear is that New Yorkers are ready for change and are eager to see who will come out on top.