article: By . Associated  Press Reporter . The government wants to recoup benefits paid to the daughters of a man who was declared legally dead and then turned up alive years later. Donald Miller Jr. disappeared in the 1980s, and a death ruling in 1994 allowed his family to get Social Security benefits. When the 62-year-old Miller resurfaced around 2005 - some 25 years after his disappearance - saying he had lived in other states and then returned to Ohio, the government apparently took notice. Miller has tried unsuccessfully to 'undo' his death. Then there were three: Robin Miller, (left) pictured here not long after the disappearance of husband Donald Miller Jr. in 1980, says her family should not have to pay back the death benefits they received after he was declared legally dead . Even as he stood in court last year providing evidence of his existence, a Hancock County judge turned down a request to 'bring him back to life', citing a three-year limit for changing a death ruling. The judge did acknowledge it was problematic. Now the Social Security Administration know that Miller is alive, it wants his two daughters to return more than $47,000 to cover benefits they received as teenagers, plus interest, his ex-wife, Robin Miller, told The Courier in Findlay. Both daughters are now adults with their own families. Robin Miller has not spoken of what happened to the money. Letters about the requested repayments were sent in April, and the family was stunned, she said. 'If anybody has to pay this back, it should be him because we didn't do anything wrong,' she said. Donald Miller, of Fostoria, couldn't be reached for comment, and his attorney didn't return calls from the newspaper. Today: Robin Miller has since remarried - to a man whose surname is also Miller - and is believed to have had another child, a son . A Social Security spokesman, Doug Nguyen in Chicago, said the agency is reviewing Robin Miller's application for a waiver. Robin Miller said the family didn't defraud the government and had taken steps to find Donald Miller after he vanished, including contacting the FBI and hiring a private investigator. 'We honestly thought he was done, dead, gone and out of our lives,' she said. Miller remarried after the disappearance of her first husband and is believed to have had another child, a son. She has expressed sympathy for Donald Miller, describing him as a 'deadbeat dad' who ran away from the pressures of family and fatherhood.
highlights: Donald Miller Jr., 62, of Fostoria, Ohio, skipped out on his family in the 1980s . He was fleeing child support payments, his family said . In 1994 he was declared legally dead and his two daughters received $47,000 from his Social Security . He resurfaced around 2005, saying he had been living in Florida and Georgia . However a judge refused to undo his death, citing a three-year limit for overturning a death ruling . But the Social Security Administration believe Miller is alive and is demanding the $47,000 be returned .
id: b64d8ee6d21e284920ed0baeea3ed134c4a5308d
chatgpt: Donald Miller Jr., who had been declared legally dead in 1994, may have to pay back $47,000 to the Social Security Administration after being found to be alive and well. Miller, who had allegedly skipped out on his family in the 1980s, was declared legally dead after his two daughters received the Social Security money. However, Miller resurfaced a decade later, claiming that he had been living in Florida and Georgia.  Despite his explanation, a judge refused to overturn his death ruling, citing a three-year limit for such situations. Nonetheless, the Social Security Administration wants the money it paid to Miller's daughters back, as they believe he is still alive. Miller, now 62 years old, had reportedly fled to avoid paying child support payments.  Many in the Fostoria, Ohio community, where Miller previously resided, were surprised to hear that he was still alive. Miller's disappearance and subsequent legal death had caused a great deal of pain and confusion for his family members, who were left without answers for years.  His daughters, who were left without any parental support after Miller's disappearance, relied on the Social Security payments to make ends meet. They were stunned when their father resurfaced more than a decade later, despite the fact that he had given no indication of being alive during all those years.  The situation has left many people questioning the validity of the current laws regarding "death" and "disappearance" in the United States. While there are certain legal parameters for determining death, including a three-year statute of limitations, some believe that more work needs to be done to address these kinds of situations.  Regardless of legal precedent or public opinion, Miller may be required to pay back the $47,000 he received from Social Security. It remains to be seen how this situation will ultimately be resolved and what kind of impact it will have on those involved. For now, those who know Miller or his family members are still coming to terms with the reality that he is still alive, almost 30 years since he disappeared.