article: Pete Carroll took full responsibility for the play call which resulted in the Seattle Seahawks losing their Super Bowl crown in dramatic fashion. With 26 seconds to play, Seattle trailed 28-24 and were on second-and-goal on the New England one-yard line. Marshawn Lynch had rushed for 102 yards and lined up in the backfield, seemingly ready to pound New England’s defense. VIDEO Scroll down to watch: Pete Carroll: No one to blame for our defeat but me . Seattle Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll accepted responsibility for his team not winning the Super Bowl . Russell Wilson was picked off by Malcolm Butler in the dying seconds as the Patriots were victorious . But quarterback Russell Wilson tossed a pass intended for Ricardo Lockette, cornerback Malcolm Butler read the play, and the rest is history. ‘I told those guys: “That’s my fault, totally”,’ Carroll said on NBC's postgame show. ‘But we had plenty of time to win the game... we were playing for third and fourth down, give them no time left... but didn't work out that way.’ ‘We decided to call another call. We make these decisions every game all the time. They work out sometimes and they don’t other times. This one didn’t work out right for us. Wilson makes his way back to the sideline dejected after seeing his pass intercepted . Seattle Seahawks fans react in disbelief after watching their team miss a golden opportunity . ‘We could have run it and got stuffed, we could run it and scored, we could have scored against their goal-line as well. I know that could have happened. It just wasn’t a great football thought at the time.’ And Carroll admitted he is struggling to comprehend the defeat. ‘It really hasn’t hit yet. I’m not in that position where I can do that. I can’t go there. I’ve got to be in charge of what’s going on here. I can’t go there.’ Carroll's counterpart Bill Belichick said he was not surprised by the play call, adding: 'They’re goal-line plays. That didn’t surprise me,' Belichick said. 'They do a lot of things down there. We had to be ready for everything.'
highlights: Seattle Seahawks were beaten 28-24 by New England Patriots . Malcolm Butler made late interception for Patriots to win the game . Pete Carroll accepts blame for defeat in Glendale, Arizona .
id: 14fa6f4153f29b28101340902094778396b5c0f3
chatgpt: In a heart-stopping game of American football, the Seattle Seahawks suffered a crushing defeat to the New England Patriots with a scoreline of 28-24. The game was a tense affair from the opening whistle until the last moments, with both teams fighting valiantly for the win. In the end, it was a late interception by Malcolm Butler that secured the Patriots' victory. The game took place in Glendale, Arizona, with both teams entering the match with high expectations. The Seahawks, who were the defending champions, were seeking to retain their title in front of a packed stadium. On the other hand, the Patriots were determined to secure their fourth Super Bowl triumph in franchise history. The game started with a flurry of activity, as both teams exchanged blows in a fierce battle for control. The Seahawks gained an early lead through a touchdown pass from quarterback Russell Wilson to wide receiver Chris Matthews. However, the Patriots quickly responded with two touchdowns to take the lead. The Seahawks fought back with a touchdown run by Marshawn Lynch, also known as "Beast Mode," to regain the lead. However, the Patriots mounted a comeback of their own, with another touchdown pass from Tom Brady to Danny Amendola. As the clock ticked down towards the end of the game, the Seahawks made a crucial mistake that ultimately cost them the match. With just over a minute remaining, Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson attempted a pass into the end zone, but it was intercepted by Malcolm Butler, effectively ending the game. After the match, Seahawks coach Pete Carroll accepted the blame for the defeat, stating that he should have called a different play in the final moments of the game. "It's my fault," Carroll said. "I take full responsibility for the call that was made." The defeat was a bitter blow for the Seahawks, who were hoping to become only the ninth team in history to win back-to-back Super Bowls. However, it was a moment of triumph for the Patriots, who secured their fourth Super Bowl victory and cemented their place in football history. In the end, it was a game that will be remembered for years to come, with its thrilling twists and turns and dramatic ending. The Seahawks may have lost, but they can hold their heads high knowing that they played their hearts out in a game that will go down as one of the greatest in Super Bowl history.