article: (CNN) -- There is "no credible evidence" to support a claim that the British military was involved in the deaths of Princess Diana, her boyfriend and their driver, according to London's Metropolitan Police. The allegation first surfaced in August, roughly 16 years after the woman who would now be a royal grandmother died in a Paris car crash. Officers were tasked with looking into whether there was any truth to it. "Every reasonable line of enquiry was objectively pursued in order to fully evaluate any potential evidence," police said in a statement released overnight Monday. "The final conclusion is that whilst there is a possibility the alleged comments in relation to the SAS's involvement in the deaths may have been made, there is no credible evidence to support a theory that such claims had any basis in fact." SAS is short for Britain's elite Special Air Service. Wildly popular in life and death, Diana died on August 31, 1997, after the car she was riding in slammed into a pillar in a Paris overpass. Her boyfriend, Dodi Fayed, and their driver, Henri Paul, also died. Investigators concluded that Paul was drunk and speeding when the accident occurred, and despite at least three inquiries -- including a lengthy London police inquiry that poured cold water on all forms of conspiracy theories in Diana's death -- whispers of collusion and cover-up have persisted. Rare photo of teenage Diana sold . The latest claim, published by Press Association, the Sunday People newspaper and other British media outlets, alleged that members of Britain's elite SAS commando unit were involved in assassinating Diana. The claim appears to have been sent first to military authorities and then to London police by the parents-in-law of a British special forces sniper after his marriage had fallen apart, according to an article on the website of the Sunday People newspaper. It did not offer a source for its reporting, but the paper indicated that the parents were questioning the integrity of the soldier, who had testified in another soldier's court-martial. Sunday People said it had seen a seven-page handwritten letter by the in-laws alleging that the soldier, whom the newspaper did not name, had boasted to his wife that the commando unit was behind the deaths. Neither the Sunday People piece nor an earlier version carried by Press Association offered details of the claimed involvement by soldiers in the deaths. The princess left behind her two children, Prince William, whose wife recently gave birth to Diana's first grandchild, and Prince Harry. Some 2.5 billion people around the world watched Diana's funeral. Princess Diana's favorite fairytale dress could be yours . CNN's Michael Pearson, Atika Shubert and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report.
highlights: Claim alleges British military was involved in Princess Diana's death . There is "no credible evidence" to support such an allegation, say police . Diana died alongside her boyfriend and their driver in a Paris car crash .
id: cecd4f8de7b8cbfeadfcd39467d336e9bddc55ce
chatgpt: A new claim has been made alleging that the British military was involved in the death of Princess Diana. However, police are stating that there is "no credible evidence" to support such a theory. Princess Diana, along with her boyfriend Dodi Fayed and their driver, died in a car crash in Paris in August 1997. The death resulted in an outpouring of grief across the globe. The new claim alleges that the British military was involved in the crash, but it has been met with skepticism from police. Although an investigation into the princess's death was conducted by police in France, this new allegation is said to be without any credible evidence to support it. The allegations were reportedly made by a former soldier and were first received by police in London in 2011. However, the claims have only recently been made public. In response to the allegations, Scotland Yard has released a statement saying: "The Metropolitan Police Service is scoping information that has recently been received in relation to the deaths and assessing its relevance and credibility." The statement continued, "The assessment will be carried out by officers from the specialist crime and operations command." The British royal family has not commented on the matter, and many are wondering if the allegations will have any impact on the public support for the monarchy. This is not the first time that conspiracy theories have emerged surrounding Princess Diana's death. In the past, allegations have been made that the British intelligence services were involved, but these claims have been denied. Despite the lack of proper evidence, the new claim is causing quite a stir, with many calling for a full investigation into the matter. Supporters of the claim are saying that it's time for the truth to be revealed, and for those responsible to be held accountable. However, those who oppose the claim are saying that it's just another conspiracy theory and should not be taken seriously. For now, it remains unclear whether the allegations will be thoroughly investigated, or if they will simply be dismissed as another baseless conspiracy theory. The death of Princess Diana was a tragic event that shook the world, and it is understandable that people are still searching for answers, even decades after the incident. However, until any credible evidence is found to support the claim, the allegations should be treated with caution and skepticism.