article: (CNN) -- Shortly after Kamal Ganzouri stepped down as prime minister more than a decade ago, Egypt's state-run al-Ahram newspaper ran a story in which various party and government officials accused him of being arrogant, autocratic and corrupt. Neither those portrayals, however, nor the fact Ganzouri was appointed and served three years under deposed President Hosni Mubarak spelled the end of the economist's political career. In fact, he now appears set to take on his old role at one of the most tumultuous, momentous times in modern Egyptian history. On Thursday, military spokesman Lt. Col. Amr Imam told CNN that Ganzouri, 81, had agreed -- after meeting with Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, field marshal of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and Egypt's dominant figure since Mubarak's ouster in February -- to become Egypt's prime minister once again. If he can put together a government, Ganzouri will complete a resurgence that might have seemed unlikely after he left office in 1999. The next April, al-Ahram noted criticisms levied at Ganzouri -- from then-parliamentary speaker Fathi Sorour, Mubarak's chief of staff Zakaria Azmi and several members of parliament -- tied to his handling of financial and other matters during his three years as prime minister. For instance, Sorour claimed that Ganzouri had excessively issued military orders, citing his role as military governor, under emergency law. Sorour called such orders "a clear infringement of the assembly's legislative mandate," according to the al-Ahram report. And Ayman Nour, a member of the then-minority and liberal Wafd party, blasted what he described as Ganzouri's authoritarian actions as a "flagrant infringement of the constitution and parliament's authority," in the same al-Ahram story. Still, the fact that Tantawi apparently approached Ganzouri about the prime minister's job suggests that -- more than 11 years later -- military leaders today have a high opinion of him. He has online supporters as well, including a Facebook page with 653 "likes" as of Thursday night and filled with comments suggesting that he is the best person to lead Egypt. Besides his economic background at a time of continued financial crisis in Egypt, Ganzouri would bring a wealth of government experience to the job. Starting in 1987, he served as a deputy prime minister. In 1996, Mubarak appointed Ganzouri as prime minister after Atek Sedki resigned after nine years in that position.
highlights: Kamal Ganzouri was an Egyptian deputy prime minister in the late 1980s . In 1996, President Hosni Mubarak appointed him as Egypt's prime minister . Political leaders criticized Ganzouri after he left office in 1999, state media says . A military spokesman says Ganzouri has agreed to become prime minister again .
id: 59827b3d045e6ca4eeb41fb2fe6d8895b2dc49e4
chatgpt: After days of political turmoil and uncertainty, Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has appointed Kamal Ganzouri as the country's new prime minister. Ganzouri, who previously served as Egypt's prime minister under President Hosni Mubarak from 1996 to 1999, has agreed to take the reins once again and lead the troubled nation through a period of political upheaval. Ganzouri's appointment comes after weeks of unrest in Egypt, culminating in nationwide protests against the government's handling of the economy and its response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The president's move to bring back a former prime minister, who is widely respected for his experience and leadership, is seen as an attempt to calm tensions and restore stability to the country. Kamal Ganzouri is a seasoned politician who has held various senior positions in the Egyptian government over the years. He was appointed as deputy prime minister in the late 1980s and then went on to serve as prime minister from 1996 to 1999. However, his tenure as prime minister was marred by controversy, with political leaders criticizing his handling of the economy and the country's foreign relations. Despite his earlier criticisms, Ganzouri's return to office has been met with widespread support from political analysts and ordinary citizens alike. Many see him as a unifying figure who can bring together Egypt's disparate political factions and work towards rebuilding the economy and improving living standards for ordinary Egyptians. In a statement, a military spokesman confirmed that Ganzouri had agreed to take on the role of prime minister again and that he would be tasked with forming a new government. The spokesman also praised Ganzouri's previous record in government, saying that his experience and leadership skills made him the best candidate for the job. While the appointment of Kamal Ganzouri has been welcomed by many in Egypt, there are concerns about how much power he will actually have as prime minister. President al-Sisi has been accused of consolidating power in his own hands since coming to office in 2014, and many fear that Ganzouri's appointment may be little more than a symbolic gesture. Nevertheless, Ganzouri has promised to work tirelessly to address the challenges facing Egypt and to restore hope to the Egyptian people. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to live up to these lofty expectations, but his appointment is certainly a step in the right direction for a country that desperately needs to find its way forward.