article: By . John Drayton . Was it all part of Louis van Gaal’s master plan to relax the Spaniards to the point of complacency? If so, it certainly worked. For just moments before Holland’s World Cup opener against the world champions, Van Gaal was captured embracing and casually chatting to his opponents. The Dutch boss distracted his former Barcelona playrmaker Xavi as well as defender Gerard Pique, chatting with the pair in the tunnel before kick-off. Scroll down for video . Distraction tactics? Louis van Gaal chats to Spain miidfielder Xavi before Holland's 5-1 victory on Friday . The Spain players were relaxed around Van Gaal and the Dutch boss embraced Gerard Pique . Shake on it: Holland coach Patrick Kluivert was also captured exchanging greetings with Sergio Ramos . Holland coach Patrick Kluivert also got in on the act, hugging Xavi and exchanging greetings with Real Madrid's Sergio Ramos. And the laid-back approach extended to Spain’s performance on the pitch as Van Gaal’s men stormed to an emphatic 5-1 victory. Robin van Persie (2), Arjen Robben (2) and Stefan De Vrij were on target in Salvador to send Oranje to the top of Group B. Manchester United boss Van Gaal had got his tactics spot on – and that included his pre-match efforts. Dutch destroyers: Robin van Persie embraces Arjen Robben on a superb night for Holland . Heading into the net: Robin van Persie hurls himself through the air to score a superb equaliser . Super-van: Robin van Persie scores a spectacular header to equalise after Spain took the lead from the spot . Howler: The Manchester United striker takes advantage of a poor Casillas touch to score his second . Can't believe it: Casillas looks downcast as the Holland players celebrate Van Persie's goal .
highlights: Xabi Alonso gave Spain the lead from penalty spot . Robin van Persie equalised for Holland with a flying header . Arjen Robben put them ahead with a superb strike after beating Pique . Stefan de Vrij bundled home No 3 . Van Persie took advantage of Iker Casillas' mistake to make it four . Robben rounded off the devastating victory .
id: de53ec7250888df24125ce91cde037a468a0fc07
chatgpt: An exciting match between Spain and Holland ended with a devastating victory for the Dutch team. The game, which was a rematch of the 2010 World Cup final, saw both teams showcase their skills. Xabi Alonso gave Spain the lead from the penalty spot in the 27th minute. However, Robin van Persie equalised for Holland with a flying header just before the half-time break. The goal was a thing of beauty, as he leapt high into the air to meet the ball. In the second half, Arjen Robben put Holland ahead with a superb strike after beating Gerard Pique. The Spanish defence was caught off guard, and Robben took advantage of the opportunity. Stefan de Vrij then bundled home Holland's third goal, putting them in a commanding position. However, the Dutch weren't done yet. Van Persie took advantage of a mistake by Iker Casillas to make it four for Holland. The Spanish goalkeeper fumbled the ball, and Van Persie was quick to pounce. Robben rounded off the devastating victory for Holland with a clinical finish in the 80th minute. Spain tried to fight back, but it was too little too late. The final score was 5-1 in favour of Holland. The victory was a sweet revenge for the Dutch, who lost to Spain in the 2010 World Cup final. It was a stunning performance by the Netherlands, who announced themselves as serious contenders for the 2014 World Cup. The Spanish, on the other hand, will have to regroup and come back stronger in their next game.