article: The left wing mayor of New York City will be the star speaker at next week’s Labour Party conference in Manchester. Bill de Blasio last year became the city’s first Democratic mayor since 1993 – winning on a radical campaign to tax the rich and introduce a mass house building programme. He campaigned on the slogan ‘One New York, Rising Together’ – reminiscent of Ed Miliband’s ‘On Nation’ Labour. New York City mayor Bill de Blasio (second left with his son Dante (left), daughter Chiara (right), and wife Chirlane McCray in Brooklyn . Mr De Blasio has been held up by Labour insiders as proof that left-wing leaders can win without adopting Tony Blair-style centrist policies. He will speak about the urgent need to tackle income inequality around the world – while also holding private talks with Mr Miliband. Mr De Blasio isn't the first New York mayor to speak at a UK party conference. In 2007, his predecessor, Michael Bloomberg, addressed the Tories in Blackpool. His role as ‘international speaker’ at the Labour conference will see him follow in the footsteps of Nelson Mandela and Bill Clinton. Mr de Blasio has been been dubbed by his critics as ‘as red as Ken Livingstone’. The Tories will highlight Mr De Blasio’s support for higher taxes and US claims that he is ‘anti-business’. Ed Miliband said Mr De Blasio was helping 'everyday New Yorkers' share the success of the city . In his inaugural speech, the Mayor said: ‘We are called to put an end to economic and social inequalities.’ Mr De Blasio won a landslide victory in 2013 to become the first Democratic mayor of New York for 20 years. The Mayor said: ‘The fight against income inequality doesn’t stop at a city limit, a state line or an international border. ‘It’s an issue that confronts us all, in every corner of the world, and it demands a unified response. ‘To truly lift up more people, families and communities struggling to make it in tough economic conditions, we must truly have a shared vision, and a shared strategy.’ Mr Miliband said: ‘There have always been close links between the Labour Party and leading Democrats. ‘But I am particularly pleased that Bill de Blasio has agreed to speak at our pre-election conference this year. I followed his election campaign closely and I have been impressed by the work he has done since taking office in January for everyday New Yorkers so they can begin to share in, as well as create, a successful future for their great city.’ The Labour leader added: ‘We both recognise we face a generational challenge to ensure that hard work is properly rewarded, that young people get a fair shot in life, and that the cost-of-living crisis for working families is tackled. ‘It is an international challenge for progressive leaders in the United Kingdom, in the United States, and across the developed world.’
highlights: Ed Miliband reveals his delight at left-wing US politician's guest appearance . Bill de Blasio last year became the city’s first Democratic mayor since 1993 . He campaigned for 'One New York' echoing Labour's 'One Nation' slogan . The mayor also called for higher taxes on the rich and mass house building .
id: 733ecee8643c941dd8b77b52c94b5d64138631b9
chatgpt: Ed Miliband, the former Labour Party leader, has expressed his happiness over New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's guest appearance in a UK political conference. De Blasio spoke at the Labour Party's annual conference in Brighton, where he praised the party for sharing the same values as his own. De Blasio, who became the city's first Democratic mayor since 1993 last year, has been a vocal advocate for progressive policies such as higher taxes on the rich and mass house building. At the conference, he spoke about his "One New York" plan, which echoes Labour's "One Nation" slogan. Miliband, who introduced de Blasio at the conference, was thrilled to see a prominent American politician who shared his party's views. He said, "It's fantastic to have Mayor de Blasio here with us today. He understands the need for a government that works for all its citizens, not just the wealthy few. I believe Labour can learn a lot from his experiences." De Blasio had high praise for Miliband and the Labour Party as well, saying, "I feel a sense of real kinship with the Labour Party. We share a vision of a society where everyone has a fair shot and where we put people first. The Tories are fighting for the few, while Labour is fighting for the many." The New York City mayor also highlighted the importance of tackling inequality, saying that it was not just a moral issue, but an economic one as well. "We have to create a society where everyone has the opportunity to succeed, not just the privileged few. That's why we need policies like those espoused by Labour – policies that put people first and create a fairer society for all." De Blasio's appearance at the Labour conference comes at a time of renewed enthusiasm for left-wing politics on both sides of the Atlantic. The election of Jeremy Corbyn as Labour Party leader has injected new energy into the party and renewed interest in progressive policies. In the United States, presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has attracted large crowds with his calls for a political revolution. The New York mayor's message of progressive politics resonated with the conference attendees, many of whom were enthusiastic about the prospect of working with de Blasio and other progressive politicians around the world. As the conference came to a close, Miliband thanked de Blasio for his appearance and expressed his hopes for the future. "It's been an honour to have Bill de Blasio here with us today. His message of putting people first is one that we can all get behind. I hope we can continue to learn from each other and work together towards a more just and equitable future."