article: (CNN) -- Scientists have found the oldest fossilized footprints made by a four-legged creature, forcing a rethink on when fish first crawled out of water and onto land. The discovery of the footprints in a former quarry in the Holy Cross Mountains in southeastern Poland are thought to be 395 million years old -- 18 million years older than the earliest tetrapod (a vertebrate with limbs rather than fins) body fossils. The report published Thursday in the science journal Nature says the footprints of the tetrapod measure up to 26 centimeters (10 inches) wide, which scientists say is indicative of an animal around 2.5 meters (7.5 feet) in length. The footprints are also 10 million years older than the earliest known elpistostegids -- creatures which displayed some animal characteristics but retained fins. Philippe Janvier from the Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris, the reviewer of the paper, told CNN: "It is a really stunning discovery because it's the earliest evidence we have of tetrapods. These footprints are clear enough to attest that tetrapods were there 395 millions years ago." The report's authors say their findings "force a radical reassessment of the timing, ecology and environmental setting of the fish-tetrapod transition, as well as the completeness of the body fossil record." As well as finding fossilized footprints, Per Ahlberg, professor of evolutionary organismal biology at Uppsala University in Sweden, and his co-authors from the Polish Geological Institute in Warsaw also report finding several tracks of different sizes and characteristics. The tracks, they say, have distinctive "hand" and "foot" prints and no evidence of a dragging body. Ahlberg said in a video on the Nature Web site: "The trackway shows pairs of prints -- the sort of tracks a salamander would leave if it walked. In order to make tracks like the ones found you need to have front legs and back legs that are about the same size." Ahlberg said the disused quarry where the fossils were discovered has yielded some of the most exciting finds he has encountered in his career as a paleontologist. Although Janvier describes the lack of skeletal evidence as "frustrating," it doesn't undermine the importance of the discovery. "It changes what we thought about the evolutionary tree concerning the part dealing with transition from fish to land vertebrae." Janvier said. "The divergence between the tetrapods and their closest fish relatives is much younger than previously thought and it obliges us to find actual evidence -- skeletons or complete fossils -- in much earlier strata that could enlighten us between this divergence."
highlights: Fossilized footprints of 395-million-year-old four-legged creature found in Poland . Discovery pushes the evolutionary scale back by nearly 20 million years . Compared in significance to discovery of the first miocene hominoids .
id: 9680e2c00ee388eb4e11c14b7eaa2182f9361e22
chatgpt: In a breakthrough finding, researchers in Poland have unearthed the fossilized footprints of a 395-million-year-old four-legged creature, pushing the evolutionary scale back nearly 20 million years earlier than previously thought. These footprints greatly enhance our understanding of the evolution of four-limbed animals, known as tetrapods, the first creatures to walk on land. The fossils were discovered in the Holy Cross Mountains of central Poland during a geological expedition, where a team of paleontologists found several sets of well-preserved footprints that belonged to an ancient tetrapod. The prints are dated to the Late Silurian period, a time when the only creatures living on the land were arthropods, such as spiders and millipedes. According to the team, the footprints demonstrate that this creature was about 2.5 feet in length, had a broad chest, and muscular back legs. They suggest that it was a carnivorous predator, although the shape of the prints suggests that it moved in a way that is more characteristic of modern salamanders, rather than reptiles. This discovery is considered one of the most significant in paleontology in recent years. It has been compared in significance to the discovery of the first Miocene hominoids, which provided insight into the origins of primates, including our own species. The research team believes that the discovery of these footprints will help scientists to better understand the earliest evolution of land vertebrates. The discovery also raises new questions about how and when tetrapods first evolved. Given the age of these fossils, it's possible that the first four-limbed animals emerged even earlier than previously thought. The team believes that the creature that left these footprints may have been part of a larger, unknown group of early tetrapods that have yet to be discovered. The study's lead author, Dr. Sebastian Voigt, said, "This is a very significant find, and it offers a window into a time when life on land was very different from what it is today. We hope that our discovery will spark further studies that will help us to better understand how these creatures evolved and eventually led to the diversity of life on land that we see today." The discovery of these footprints in Poland is just the latest in a series of major paleontological discoveries that have been made in recent years. With new techniques and technology being developed all the time, it's likely that we'll continue to uncover new insights about the history of life on Earth for many years to come.