article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Police are hunting a pack of women who allegedly dumped a box of live rats into a love rival's Philadelphia home after smashing her windows with baseball bats. Investigators said an ongoing dispute over a man escalated about 11pm Wednesday, when a woman in her 20s, her mother and about nine other women attacked a 30-year-old woman in her South 28th Street home. The women allegedly bashed in windows and the outer front door before releasing a number of white rodents. Scroll down for video . Police are searching for a group of women who attacked a 30-year-old woman in her home on the 1200 block of South 28th Street in Grays Ferry, Philadelphia (pictured) Scene: The group of women allegedly used baseball bats to smash the victim's windows (pictured) before dumping the rodents . Vile: The women dumped a box of rats (pictured) into the love rival's home after smashing her windows with baseball bats . Police also said one of the women punched the victim and stole her purse, which had $200 in cash and cards. ABC Action News reported the women fled in a green Chevy Lumina with a Pennsylvania plate. Police are still trying to track down the suspects. The victim and her alleged attackers have not been identified. The victim suffered minor injuries and her family member was taken to hospital with a possible heart problem. Police said the feud was over a boyfriend and started on Instagram. Vile: Officers found basement windows and front door windows broken and a number of live rats (pictured) when they reached the scene on Wednesday night . Police at the scene: Investigators say the alleged attacked fled in a green Chevy Lumina with a Pennsylvania plate . Vandalism: The women allegedly smashed the windows (pictured) and front outer door of the Philadelphia home .
highlights: A woman in her 20s, her mother and about nine other women attacked a woman, 30, on Wednesday night . Police say the group smashed the windows of the victim's Philadelphia house with baseball bats before releasing white rodents . They also allegedly punched the victim and stole her purse . The dispute reportedly started on Instagram over a man .
id: c08030a826b54b92991ca458a1a77b5f16e342c0
chatgpt: A group of women, including a woman in her 20s and her mother, attacked a 30-year old woman in Philadelphia on Wednesday night, according to the police. The group smashed the windows of the victim's house with baseball bats and released white rodents inside. The women also allegedly punched the victim and stole her purse. It is said that the dispute started over a man on Instagram. The victim, who has not been identified, called the police at around 9 pm on Wednesday night to report the attack. According to her statement, she was inside her house when she heard a commotion outside. When she went outside to investigate, she was attacked by a group of women armed with baseball bats. The group allegedly smashed several windows of the victim's house before releasing white rodents inside. It is not clear what type of rodents were used, but police believe they may have been rats or mice. The victim was also punched several times and her purse was stolen before the attackers fled the scene. The police have not yet made any arrests in connection with the incident, but they are actively investigating the matter. They have urged anyone with information about the attack to come forward and speak to them. The victim was treated for minor injuries at the scene and did not require hospitalization. She has declined to speak to the media about the attack, but friends and family members say she is shaken up and traumatized by the experience. The attack has sparked outrage in the local community, with many people expressing disgust at the level of violence and brutality involved. Some have called for the attackers to be brought to justice and punished for their actions. Overall, this incident highlights the dangers of social media and the potential for online disputes to escalate into real-life violence. It also serves as a reminder of the importance of reporting suspicious activity to the authorities in a timely manner.