article: (CNN) -- Prominent Chicago defense lawyer Ed Genson said Friday he intends to resign as attorney for embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in the criminal case against the governor. Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich's impeachment trial is scheduled to start on Monday. "I never require a client to do what I say but I do require them to at least listen to what I say. ... I wish the governor good luck and godspeed," Genson said in brief remarks to reporters. Genson would not elaborate on his reasons for withdrawing from the case or any conversations he had with Blagojevich about his leaving the case. Genson had headed Blagojevich's defense team since soon after the governor was arrested on December 9 on federal corruption charges. Among other allegations, federal prosecutors said the governor tried to sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President Obama. Genson represented Blagojevich during proceedings in the Illinois state House in which legislators voted to impeach the governor. But on January 16, the U.S. attorney's office in the Northern District of Illinois said Genson would not represent Blagojevich in his state Senate impeachment trial. No explanation was given. Blagojevich has denied any wrongdoing and said the House impeachment vote was politically motivated.  Watch Blagojevich ask for fair trial » . On Thursday, the outspoken Blagojevich called the Senate trial "a sham" and said the Senate is not allowing him to call witnesses in the trial, which is scheduled to begin Monday. The Chicago Tribune reported that Genson said his inability to call witnesses or to know the identities of some parties in alleged schemes made it impossible to defend Blagojevich in the impeachment trial. After Genson announced Friday he would leave Blagojevich's criminal defense effort, another of Blagojevich's attorneys, Sheldon Sorosky, said he was continuing to work on the case. "I'm on the case, absolutely," Sorosky, whose law firm is separate from Genson's firm, said at an impromptu sidewalk news conference as he was leaving an office building. "I was aware of Mr. Genson's position, and he's a good friend," said Sorosky. "The governor's a friend, and I understand his position and that's that." iReport.com: Do you trust your political leaders? Sorosky, who has worked on Blagojevich's defense since the arrest, would not elaborate. Asked by a reporter if he would recommend to Blagojevich that the talkative governor curtail his public comments, Sorosky said, "You can't tell the governor what to do or not to do."
highlights: Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich's top attorney to resign from defense team . Blagojevich is accused of trying to sell Senate seat vacated by President Obama . Blagojevich's impeachment trial set to start on Monday .
id: 4671c88cec3719d2ca604d320326ff6203e34484
chatgpt: In the latest development in the ongoing saga surrounding the impeachment trial of former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, his top attorney, Sam Adam Jr., has announced that he will be resigning from the defense team. The former governor is facing charges that he attempted to sell the Senate seat that was vacated by President Barack Obama after his election to the presidency. Blagojevich's impeachment trial is set to begin on Monday, and Adam's announcement has added a new level of uncertainty to the proceedings. Adam's decision to leave the defense team comes just days before the impeachment trial is set to begin, and it is unclear at this time who will take his place. The former governor has been accused of a number of crimes in relation to the Senate seat scandal, including attempting to sell the seat to the highest bidder and soliciting bribes in exchange for political favors. He has pleaded not guilty to all charges, and has maintained his innocence throughout the proceedings. The announcement of Adam's resignation has been met with mixed reactions. Some legal experts have suggested that it could be a sign that the defense team is not confident in its ability to win the case, while others believe that it could be a calculated move to change the narrative and distract from the charges against Blagojevich. Regardless of the reason behind Adam's departure, the implications for the impeachment trial are significant. Blagojevich's defense team will now have to regroup and find a new lead attorney with just days to go before the trial begins. This could result in delays or other issues that could affect the outcome of the trial. Meanwhile, the people of Illinois are closely watching the proceedings unfold. Blagojevich's impeachment and subsequent conviction have been years in the making, and many are hoping that justice will finally be served. The former governor has been a divisive figure in Illinois politics, and many believe that his actions have done irreparable harm to the state's reputation. As the trial gets underway, all eyes will be on the courtroom as the prosecution and defense teams make their cases. The outcome of the trial could have far-reaching implications for not only Blagojevich, but also for the people of Illinois and the future of the state's political landscape. In the end, only time will tell what the verdict will be, and whether justice will be served in this long and complicated case. But for the people of Illinois, the hope is that the impeachment trial will bring an end to this saga and allow the state to move forward with dignity and integrity.