article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Ap . PUBLISHED: . 08:30 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:45 EST, 22 July 2013 . Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse . Ventura's defamation lawsuit against slain "American Sniper" author . Chris Kyle - purportedly the deadliest ever American serviceman - will be allowed to go forward with Kyle's widow as the . defendant, a federal judge ruled last week. U.S. Magistrate Judge . Arthur Boylan ruled on Thursday that Taya Kyle, who has been appointed executor of her . husband's estate, would be a proper substitute in the case and says requests . to substitute defendants are freely granted. '(If) a party dies and the claim is not extinguished, the court may order substitution of the proper party,' Boylan wrote in his decision. 'Defamed': former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura claims a slain former Navy SEAL lied about punching the former governor to sell books . Slain: Former SEAL Chris Kyle, seen here with wife Taya, was killed by a fellow soldier in February . Ventura claims . Chris Kyle defamed him to gain notoriety for his best-selling book, 'American Sniper,' in which Kyle describes a 2006 bar fight, claiming he punched someone named 'Scruff Face.' In the book, Kyle claims he overheard 'scruff face' badmouthing the United States, then-President George W. Bush, and criticizing the Iraq War. Ventura, a former professional wrestler known as 'The Body' - who is well known for his criticism of the Bush Administration and for questioning details of the September 11, terror attacks - was never specifically named in the book, but Kyle later identified 'Scruff Face' as the former Minnesota governor in subsequent television interviews. Ventura claims the fight never happened. An . attorney for Ventura had argued that Taya Kyle should be substituted as . a defendant because Chris Kyle's estate will continue to profit from . book sales and a recent movie deal, and Ventura has a right to protect . his reputation. 'Scruff Face': In Kyle's book, he claims he punched a man he called 'scruff face,' who he later identified as Ventura . Taya Kyle's attorney had argued Ventura would . be better off dropping the case, saying that going forward would give . the perception that Ventura had little regard for loved ones of deceased . war heroes. Kyle is considered to be the deadliest sniper in . U.S. military history with 160 confirmed kills in combat. He was killed in February along with his friend . Chad Littlefield at a Texas gun range by Iraq War veteran Eddie Ray Routh . has been charged in their deaths. Routh, is believed to suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder, and Kyle was trying to help the troubled former soldier by taking him to the gun range to relax. Routh, instead, tragically turned the gun on Kyle and Littlefield, killing both men. 'Killer': authorities say Eddie Ray Routh killed Kyle at a gun range in Texas where the pair had been shooting .
highlights: Ventura claims slain Navy SEAL Chris Kyle lied about a fight the two men had in an attempt to sell more copies of his book, 'American Sniper' Kyle has 160 confirmed kills while a Navy sniper . Kyle was killed in February by a fellow former soldier, whom Kyle was trying to help with his PTSD .
id: 947a4f9ccc35562af990a8299c3047c76f14fa57
chatgpt: Jesse Ventura, the former governor of Minnesota, has filed a defamation lawsuit against the estate of Chris Kyle, the Navy SEAL who was fatally shot in 2013. Ventura is claiming that Kyle lied about a fight that took place between the two of them in a bar in 2006 in an attempt to sell more copies of his bestselling book, American Sniper. Kyle, who is considered one of the most lethal snipers in American history with 160 confirmed kills, told a different story in his book. According to Kyle, he punched Ventura in the face after Ventura made disparaging remarks about Navy SEALs and the war in Iraq. Ventura, who is a former member of the U.S. Navy Underwater Demolition Team and served in Vietnam, said that the incident never happened and that it has irreparably damaged his reputation. Ventura claims that the story has made him the target of ridicule and harassment, and he is seeking damages of over $1 million. However, Kyle was not alive to defend himself in court. He was shot and killed in February 2013 at a shooting range in Texas by Eddie Ray Routh, a former Marine who was suffering from PTSD. Kyle had been trying to help Routh cope with his mental health issues at the time of his death. Ventura's lawsuit has been the subject of controversy since it was first filed in 2012. Many of Kyle's fellow Navy SEALs have come forward to defend him, saying that Ventura's behavior at the bar was inappropriate and that Kyle's account of the incident was accurate. Despite this, Ventura's case went to trial in July 2014. After a two-week trial, a jury awarded Ventura $1.8 million in damages, finding that Kyle had indeed defamed Ventura with his account of the bar fight. However, the case has been in legal limbo ever since, with Kyle's estate fighting to overturn the verdict and Ventura fighting to protect it. The case has become a lightning rod for controversy, with many people taking sides and arguing about the validity of both Ventura's and Kyle's arguments. Some have accused Ventura of using Kyle's death to try to score a big payout, while others have criticized Kyle for fabricating the story in his book. Regardless of the outcome of the case, it is clear that the legacy of both men will be forever intertwined with this incident. Kyle will always be remembered as a heroic sniper who served his country with distinction, while Ventura will be forever associated with the controversy surrounding the bar fight and the subsequent lawsuit. The question now is whether Ventura will be able to collect on the damages that he was awarded, or whether Kyle's estate will be successful in overturning the verdict. It is a case that has captivated the nation and that will likely continue to be discussed and debated for years to come.