article: (CNN) -- A Tennessee man -- accused in a fatal attack at a military recruiting center in Arkansas in June -- wants to plead guilty and claims to have ties to al Qaeda in Yemen in a letter he wrote to the judge presiding over his case. In the handwritten letter dated January 12, Abdul Hakim Muhammad said he did not want a trial and insisted the shooting was "justified" under jihad. "This was a jihadi attack on infidel forces that didn't go as plan," he wrote. "Flat out truth." It was not immediately clear whether the judge, Herbert Wright Jr., would accept the plea. Muhammad's lawyer, Claiborne Ferguson, called the letter "highly inappropriate." "If my client had the intention of pleading guilty, it is misguided and misinformed as to Arkansas law," Ferguson said from Memphis, Tennessee, on Thursday. "He can't plead guilty to a capital crime." That response is why Muhammad said he decided to bypass his lawyer with a letter to Wright. He wrote that he believed it was "a lie" that he could not plead guilty. Muhammad, formerly known as Carlos Bledsoe, is charged with killing Pvt. William Long, 23, and wounding Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula, 18. The attack happened on June 1 at a recruiting center in Little Rock, Arkansas. In June, Muhammad pleaded not guilty to one count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act. Before pleading not guilty, Muhammad waived his Miranda rights and gave a video statement indicating political and religious motives, authorities said. He "stated that he was a practicing Muslim ... that he was mad at the U.S. military because of what they had done to Muslims in the past," Detective Tommy Hudson wrote in a police report at the time. Muhammad told police "he fired several rounds at the soldiers with the intent of killing them," according to Hudson's report. In his letter to the judge, Muhammad claimed he had links to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen, a group that has claimed responsibility for the attempting bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner on Christmas Day. "My lawyer has no defense," he wrote. "I wasn't insane or post traumatic nor was I forced to do this act. Which I believe and it is justified according to Islamic laws and the Islamic religion jihad -- to fight those who wage war on Islam and Muslims." CNN's Charley Keyes contributed to this report.
highlights: Attorney: Man suspected in 2009 recruiting center shooting writes to judge, pleads guilty . In letter, Abdul Hakim Muhammad claims to have ties to al Qaeda in Yemen . Muhammad accused of killing soldier, wounding another on June 1 in Little Rock, Arkansas .
id: 8388ef8430907f4332fd08fe1825e37c430993a3
chatgpt: A man suspected of being involved in a shooting at an Arkansas recruiting center in 2009 has written a letter to a judge and pleaded guilty to the crime. In the letter, Abdul Hakim Muhammad claimed to have ties to al Qaeda in Yemen. Muhammad, who had previously pleaded not guilty, is accused of killing one soldier and wounding another in the June 1, 2009 shooting in Little Rock. He has since acknowledged his role in the crime. According to his attorney, the letter to the judge was an attempt to take responsibility for his actions and not put his family through a lengthy trial. The letter reportedly included a statement from Muhammad that read "I am sorry for my actions and I pray that one day the families of the victims will forgive me." The shooting at the recruiting center shocked the nation and raised questions about possible terrorist ties. Muhammad, a convert to Islam, had reportedly traveled to Yemen in 2007 and spent time there studying Arabic and Islamic law. In the days following the shooting, federal officials said they were investigating whether Muhammad had been in contact with al Qaeda operatives in Yemen. However, there was never any conclusive evidence linking him to the terrorist group. In 2011, Muhammad's trial was delayed after he was found to be mentally incompetent. He spent several years in a psychiatric facility before a judge ruled him competent to stand trial in 2014. Despite the fact that Muhammad has now pleaded guilty to the crime, questions about his possible connections to terrorism are likely to continue. Officials have said that while they have not found any concrete evidence linking him to al Qaeda, they remain concerned about the possibility. Muhammad faces life in prison for the murder of the soldier and the attempted murder of the second victim. His sentencing is expected to take place in the coming months.