article: By . Charlotte Griffiths . Opera star Katherine Jenkins has revealed she is ‘thrilled and surprised’ after accepting a proposal from her boyfriend Andrew Levitas. The romance came to light only last month when Mr Levitas joined her as she collected her OBE from Prince Charles at Buckingham Palace. The news drew attention as it was believed Miss Jenkins was still in a relationship with Prince ­Harry’s close friend Adam Bidwell, who is known as Bidders. Thrilled: Katherine Jenkins is to marry boyfriend Andrew Levitas, left after he proposed several days ago . In fact, she has been secretly dating Mr Levitas since October, and on Thursday she announced the engagement on her Facebook page. Friends of the 33-year-old mezzo-soprano say she accepted the proposal several days ago but waited before disclosing the news because she was concerned that her wider circle of friends would worry she was rushing into the marriage. The romance came to light only last month when Mr Levitas joined Miss Jenkins as she collected her OBE . But those closest to the Welsh star know she has been ‘head over heels’ in love with Mr Levitas for more than six months after meeting him in New York. Mr Levitas, 36, is a professor at the prestigious New York University and is a distinguished artist and film-maker. Later this year he will be releasing the film Lullaby, which he wrote and directed. It stars Amy Adams, Jennifer Hudson and former Downton Abbey actress Jessica Brown Findlay. Friends say the couple plan to marry in 2015 and are likely to have the ceremony in Wales, where Miss Jenkins’s family lives, followed by a small service in America, where Mr Levitas was born. A source close to the couple told The Mail on Sunday: ‘Katherine has been preparing the announcement for a while. She is very excited – she loves how artistic and intelligent Andrew is. ‘He is considering moving to the UK for her.’ Another friend said: ‘She has definitely left her party ways behind her since meeting Andrew, and that means some of her socialite friends have been left feeling as if they have been discarded. This relationship is moving very fast – they are so in love. I wouldn’t be surprised if she is expecting by this time next year.’ Miss Jenkins was previously engaged to former Blue Peter presenter Gethin Jones, who proposed in 2011. But the ­couple split later that year, and shortly afterwards the singer left the UK to pursue fame in America. She now spends much of her time in New York with Mr Levitas. Miss Jenkins was previously engaged to former Blue Peter presenter Gethin Jones, but the couple split in 2011 .
highlights: She accepted proposal from boyfriend Andrew Levitas a few days ago . Romance only came to light when opera star collected her OBE . Miss Jenkins was previously engaged to presenter Gethin Jones .
id: 85affae1047d13d4654fe38a2dd4f5628658ba7d
chatgpt: Welsh opera singer, Katherine Jenkins, has announced her engagement to American artist Andrew Levitas. The happy couple confirmed their engagement to the public after the news was leaked following Jenkins' recent visit to Buckingham Palace to collect her OBE. Jenkins and Levitas have reportedly been dating for several months, but managed to keep their relationship under wraps until news of their engagement surfaced. Andrews proposed to Jenkins just a few days ago and the singer enthusiastically accepted his proposal. This latest romance comes as a surprise to many as Jenkins had previously been engaged to Welsh TV presenter, Gethin Jones. The former couple had been together for several years, but ended their relationship in 2011 shortly after announcing their engagement. Jenkins has said that she is now completely happy and content with her new fiancé and is looking forward to spending the rest of her life with him. The singer has not yet revealed when the wedding will take place or where it will be held, but many fans are already speculating about what promises to be a very lavish affair. Andrew Levitas is a talented artist who has shown his work in galleries all around the world. He is also an experienced film director and producer, having worked on a number of successful movies and television shows. Levitas is clearly a man of many talents and it is believed that Jenkins was immediately drawn to his creativity and passion. Jenkins herself is one of the most renowned opera singers in the world and has performed in some of the largest venues across the globe. She has released many successful albums and has won countless awards for her incredible vocal talents. With her latest engagement, however, it seems that the star has finally found happiness on a more personal level. The announcement of Katherine Jenkins' engagement to Andrew Levitas has caused a stir in the entertainment industry, with many fans and critics alike expressing their congratulations and well wishes to the couple. It remains to be seen what the future holds for both Jenkins and Levitas, but one thing is for sure – the pair are sure to create many more headlines in the coming months and years.