article: Five detainees at Guantanamo Bay were transferred to the nations of Slovakia or Georgia as part of the U.S. plan to reduce the facility's population of detainees who were suspected of terrorism after the September 11, 2001, attacks, officials said Thursday. All five detainees "were approved for transfer by consensus of" a review task force that also looked at security issues, the U.S. Department of Defense said in a statement. As of Thursday, 143 detainees remain at the U.S. naval base in Cuba, the Pentagon said. That number compares to the facility's population height of more than 750 people after it began accepting post-9/11 prisoners. Three of the detainees -- Salah Mohammed Salih Al-Dhabi, Abdel Ghaib Ahmad Hakim, and Abdul Khaled Al-Baydani -- are slated to be sent to Georgia, in the Caucasus region at the border of Europe and Asia. The other two -- Hashim Bin Ali Bin Amor Sliti and Husayn Salim Muhammad Al-Mutari Yafai -- are scheduled to be transferred to Slovakia in Central Europe. Hakim was represented by the Center for Constitutional Rights, which identified him as Abd Al Hakim Ghalib Ahmad Alhag. Alhag (Hakim), who is from Yemen, had been detained for more than 10 years and been cleared for release "for years," but his transfer was delayed "as the U.S. inexplicably opposed his release in court," the center charged. "The U.S. finally transferred him on the eve of new litigation by the Center for Constitutional Rights challenging his continued indefinite detention based on or because of his Yemeni citizenship. Such arbitrary detention violates U.S. and international law, including the Geneva Conventions, which the U.S. is obligated to uphold," the center said. Attorneys for the center praised Alhag's transfer out of Gitmo. "We are grateful to the Republic of Georgia for offering our client a new home where he can begin to rebuild his life after more than a decade in Guantanamo without charge or trial," the center said in a statement. Of the 143 men in Guantanamo, 84 are from Yemen, and 54 of them have been approved for transfer, the center said. Alhag's transfer makes him the first Yemeni to be released since 2010, the center said. In 2008, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that detainees have a constitutional right to challenge their detention, and the following year, President Barack Obama signed an executive order to close the detention facility within a year, which has been delayed due to difficulties in relocating the prisoners. Last May, the U.S. government transferred five detainees to Qatar in exchange for the Taliban's release of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive for five years.
highlights: Three of the detainees are sent to Georgia . The other two are sent to Slovakia . The five were approved for transfer by a task force that looked at security risk . One detainee is a Yemeni who had been held for more than 10 years .
id: b5ce1303b4ea799b26a37d548b006f010e322714
chatgpt: Five detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention center have been approved for transfer to Slovakia and Georgia, according to a task force that evaluated their security risks. Out of the five detainees, three were sent to Georgia, while the other two were sent to Slovakia. One of the detainees who had been held for over a decade was a Yemeni national. The transfer of these detainees is part of the Obama administration's ongoing effort to reduce the detainee population at Guantanamo Bay. The Guantanamo Bay detention center was established by the US government after the 9/11 attacks, and it currently houses 55 detainees. Many of the detainees have been held for years without trial, leading to widespread criticism and calls for the facility's closure. The task force evaluated the security risks of the detainees before approving their transfer to Slovakia and Georgia. The detainees will be monitored by authorities in their new countries to ensure that they do not pose a threat to national security. The transfer of detainees has been a contentious issue for the US government, with Republicans in Congress opposing the release of detainees. Republicans argue that the detainees pose a threat to national security and that releasing them could put American lives at risk. President Obama has been seeking to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center since he took office in 2009. He has faced opposition from Republicans and some Democrats, who argue that the facility is necessary to protect national security. The transfer of detainees to Slovakia and Georgia is a step towards closing the detention center, but it remains to be seen what other steps the Obama administration will take to achieve this goal. In recent years, the number of detainees at Guantanamo Bay has decreased, but the facility remains open. The transfer of detainees to Slovakia and Georgia is a positive development, but more needs to be done to address the issue of solitary confinement and indefinite detention. The transfer of detainees from Guantanamo Bay to other countries is a complex issue that involves balancing national security with the rights of detainees. The Obama administration has pledged to close the detention center, but it remains to be seen whether this goal can be achieved before the end of his term in office. The transfer of three detainees to Georgia and two to Slovakia is a small step towards the closure of Guantanamo Bay, but it sends a message that the US government is taking steps to address this issue. As long as the facility remains open, it will continue to be a source of controversy and criticism.