article: By . Thomas Durante and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 12:33 EST, 14 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:59 EST, 14 May 2013 . Washington Nationals star Bryce Harper was forced to leave a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers last night after he ran straight into the scoreboard in right field at Dodger Stadium. The right fielder received 11 stitches but did not suffer a concussion as a result of the violent crash into the outfield wall. Harper, 20, was trying to make a catch on a long fly ball off the bat of Dodgers catcher A.J. Ellis in the fifth inning when he smacked face-first into the scoreboard. Collision course: Bryce Harper sprinted into right center field as he chased down a hard-hit ball . Impact: Harper was still running and apparently did not notice the lit up scoreboard in front of him . Crash: The impact with the wall sent Harper's cap flying . Big hit: Harper staggered for a moment before collapsing to the ground . The impact sent Harper's cap flying as he bounced off the wall. He staggered for a moment before collapsing to the ground. With Harper writhing on the outfield grass, center fielder Denard Span had to come in to field the ball. By then, Ellis was on third base with a triple. Cuts: Harper needed 11 stitches to close the wound . Bloodied: Harper was left with blood on his neck and throat as a result of the misstep . True grit: Though the collision rattled Harper, it doesn't appear that it will slow him down . Span later told ESPN: 'You could tell he didn't know where he was at. He just kept asking me, "Is it bad? Is it bad?"' Harper rolled onto his back and eventually got up under his own power, with streaks of blood seen on his neck and throat as he walked off the field. Though the collision appeared to rattle Harper, it doesn't look like it will slow him down. This afternoon, he tweeted: 'I will keep playing this game hard for the rest of my life even if it kills me! Ill never stop!' Support: Teammates and trainers tend to Harper after he collided with the wall at Dodger Stadium on Monday . Harper, one of Major League Baseball's youngest players, made his debut in the same stadium on April 28, 2012. A day later, in just his second major league game, he crashed into the centerfield wall while making a catch, injuring his back . It was the right fielder's second game back after missing two games with an ingrown toenail. The Nationals, who were up 6-0 when Harper went down, hung on to win the game 6-2.
highlights: Washington Nationals star Bryce Harper crashes into wall while chasing fly ball in fifth inning and was left bloodied . Harper required 11 stitches to close wounds on his neck, but did not suffer a concussion . Harper, 20, is one of the league's youngest players, and this is only even his second season .
id: 13b053792ef381a03c6270ba46c948da627f1736
chatgpt: Washington Nationals star Bryce Harper left the field bleeding after crashing into the wall in pursuit of a fly ball during the fifth inning of a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday night. Harper, one of the league's youngest players at only 20 years old, required 11 stitches to close wounds on his neck, but did not suffer a concussion, team officials said. The incident sent a shockwave through the Nationals organization and left fans concerned about the young outfielder's safety. Harper, who is in only his second season, has already established himself as one of the league's most exciting players. He has a batting average of .287 and has hit 14 home runs this season. Despite the injury, Harper remained in good spirits following the game. In an interview with reporters, he joked about the incident and said he was ready to return to the field as soon as possible. "I'm just glad I didn't break my neck," he said, adding that he hoped to play again soon. The Nationals are currently in second place in the National League East division with a record of 52-45. Harper's injury is a setback for the team, but they have a deep bench and are confident they can continue to compete without him. Injuries are an inevitable part of any sport, but they are especially concerning when they happen to young players like Harper. The Nationals will be closely monitoring his progress and working with him to ensure he is able to return to the field safely and quickly. Harper's injury is just the latest in a string of incidents that have raised questions about player safety in Major League Baseball. Earlier this season, San Francisco Giants catcher Buster Posey suffered a serious ankle injury after a collision at home plate. The incident sparked a debate about whether the sport needs to do more to protect its players. Despite these concerns, baseball remains one of the most popular sports in the United States, and its popularity shows no signs of waning. As the league continues to grow and evolve, it will be important for teams and players to prioritize safety and take steps to minimize the risk of injury. For Harper, the road to recovery will be a long one, but he has the support of his teammates, coaches, and fans. The Nationals are hopeful that he will make a full recovery and be back on the field before the end of the season. As for Harper himself, he seems determined to return to the game he loves as soon as possible. "I'm just glad it wasn't worse," he said. "I'm ready to get back out there and help my team win."