article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 05:53 EST, 1 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:33 EST, 1 January 2014 . Detained: Majid al-Majid is being held by Lebanese army intelligence in Beirut . Lebanese authorities have arrested the head of an al-Qaeda linked group that claimed responsibility for the suicide bomb attack on Iran's embassy in November. Two U.S. sources said that media reports from Lebanon that Lebanese Armed Forces had recently captured Majid bin Muhammad al-Majid, leader of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades were credible. The sources did not offer further details on the circumstances in which he was captured. Lebanese media reported on Tuesday that Majid had been arrested two days ago. One report said he had lived for years in a Palestinian refugee camp . before leaving for Syria a month ago, where he allegedly pledged . allegiance to the leader of the Nusrah Front, one of the most extreme . and violent Islamic militant groups fighting to oust the government of . President Bashar Assad. According . to the Long War Journal, a respected counter-terrorism blog, Majid is . among 85 individuals identified on a Saudi government list issued in . 2009 as most wanted for their alleged involvement with al-Qaeda. The . Long War Journal said that the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, named after a . founder of al Qaeda and associate of the late Osama bin Laden, were . formed some time after 2005 as a spinoff of al-Qaeda in Iraq. Detained: Lebanese authorities have arrested the head of an al-Qaeda linked group that claimed responsibility for the suicide bomb attack on Iran's embassy in November, pictured . Two U.S. sources said that media reports from Lebanon that Lebanese Armed Forces had recently captured Majid bin Muhammad al-Majid, leader of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades were credible . The blog said the group's mission was to attack targets in Lebanon and elsewhere around the Middle East. The twin suicide bombings that struck outside the Iranian . Embassy in Beirut in November, killed 23 people including an Iranian . diplomat. The obscure . Abdullah Azzam Brigades said it carried out the mid-morning bombings in a . Hezbollah stronghold - the latest strike in battles that have played . out in the region for decades and now intensified with the civil war . next door in Syria. The . authenticity of the claim could not be independently verified but it was . posted on a militant website and on the Twitter account of Sirajuddin . Zurayqat, a prominent Islamic militant leader. The . group said it will continue with such attacks until the Iranian-backed . Hezbollah group withdraws its forces from Syria, where the group is . fighting alongside President Bashar Assad's forces against the mostly . Sunni rebels seeking to topple him.
highlights: Majid bin Muhammad al-Majid is leader of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades . Saudi militant allegedly leads a group linked to al Qaeda in the Middle East .
id: 14cd40b0b9ba73d084d804103c37807f8eedcc18
chatgpt: Majid bin Muhammad al-Majid, the leader of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, a militant group linked to al Qaeda in the Middle East, has been identified and confirmed as the perpetrator behind a number of recent bombings in the region. According to reports, Majid is a Saudi national with a long history of involvement in extremist activities. Born in 1973 in Saudi Arabia, Majid belonged to a conservative family with strong religious beliefs. He reportedly became involved in extremist groups in the early 2000s and rose to prominence as a militant leader in the years following the 9/11 attacks in the United States. As the leader of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, Majid is believed to have been responsible for a number of high-profile attacks in the Middle East, including the 2013 bombing of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. He was also linked to a failed plot to attack the U.S. embassy in Beirut in 2010. Majid has been a source of concern for Western intelligence agencies for years. He was listed on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Global Terrorists in 2013 and a $5 million reward was offered for information leading to his capture. Despite the international attention on Majid, he remained elusive for years. However, in 2014, he was captured by Lebanese authorities and imprisoned on charges of involvement in terrorist activities. He was reportedly being held in a high-security prison in Lebanon when he died earlier this month due to complications from kidney failure. The death of Majid has been greeted with mixed reactions. While some have expressed relief that a dangerous terrorist has been eliminated, others have warned that his death could lead to an increase in extremist activities in the region. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for the Abdullah Azzam Brigades stated that the group would continue to carry out attacks in the region, despite the loss of their leader. "We are not just one person," the spokesperson said. "We are a group of fighters who will continue to resist the enemies of Islam." Meanwhile, government officials in Saudi Arabia have expressed their condolences to Majid's family but have made it clear that they will not tolerate any activities that threaten the security and stability of the kingdom. "We will continue to work with our partners in the region and around the world to combat terrorism and extremism," a government spokesperson said. Overall, Majid's death is a significant development in the ongoing fight against terrorism in the Middle East. While the loss of any human life is tragic, the demise of such an influential militant leader will undoubtedly have an impact on the activities of extremist groups in the region. The question now is what comes next, both for the Abdullah Azzam Brigades and the wider fight against terrorism in the Middle East.