article: (CNN) -- Retired U.S. Gen. Wesley Clark, a supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, on Sunday questioned whether Sen. John McCain's military experience qualified him to be commander-in-chief. Retired Gen. Wesley Clark, who ran for president in 2004, questioned John McCain's qualifications Sunday. The McCain campaign called for Obama to condemn the remarks. The dust-up began with Clark's appearance Sunday on CBS' "Face the Nation,"  where moderator Bob Schieffer asked him about his interview with the Huffington Post earlier this month. In the interview, Clark said McCain, the presumptive Republican nominee, was "untested and untried." When Schieffer asked to explain the comment, Clark said he was referring to McCain's experience, or lack thereof, in setting national security policies and understanding the risk involved in such matters. "I certainly honor his service as a prisoner of war. He was a hero to me and to hundreds of thousands and millions of others in the armed forces, as a prisoner of war. And he has traveled all over the world. But he hasn't held executive responsibility," said Clark, a former NATO commander who campaigned for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004. "He hasn't been there and ordered the bombs to fall. He hasn't seen what it's like when diplomats come in and say, I don't know whether we're going to be able to get this point through or not," Clark said. Schieffer noted that Obama did not have any of those experiences, nor had he "ridden in a fighter plane and gotten shot down." "Well, I don't think riding in a fighter plane and getting shot down is a qualification to be president," Clark said. In a statement released by the McCain campaign Sunday afternoon, retired Admiral Leighton "Snuffy" Smith criticized Clark's comment. "If Barack Obama wants to question John McCain's service to his country, he should have the guts to do it himself and not hide behind his campaign surrogates," Smith said. "If he expects the American people to believe his pledges about a new kind of politics, Barack Obama has a responsibility to condemn these attacks."
highlights: Retired U.S. Gen. Wesley Clark questions John McCain's executive experience . In "Face the Nation" interview, Clark says McCain hasn't "ordered the bombs to fall" McCain campaign calls for Barack Obama to condemn the comments .
id: 3e02efadee1b217f2fe4c078fd1a03bd5adbdc6f
chatgpt: Retired U.S. General Wesley Clark sparked controversy on Sunday when he questioned Senator John McCain's executive experience on CBS's "Face the Nation." The former NATO Supreme Allied Commander argued that while McCain may have been shot down as a fighter pilot and spent years in a POW camp, that doesn't automatically qualify him to be commander-in-chief. "He hasn't held executive responsibility," Clark said. "That large squadron in the Navy that he commanded -- that wasn't a wartime squadron." McCain's campaign quickly fired back, calling for Barack Obama to condemn Clark's comments. "Senator Obama has said he intends to run a different kind of campaign," said McCain spokesman Brian Rogers. "If that's the case, he needs to swiftly condemn General Clark's comments, and find a way to rebuke him directly." Clark, who was appointed as an advisor to the Obama campaign in 2008, went on to say that flying planes and being shot down does not constitute executive experience. "I don't think riding in a fighter plane and getting shot down is a qualification to be president," he said. "I think [McCain's] service and experience is honorable, but it's not relevant. The relevant experience is leading large organizations and making things happen." The McCain campaign pointed out that Clark has a history of attacking the Republican nominee's military service. In 2004, Clark called into question George W. Bush's service in the National Guard. McCain's campaign also argued that Clark was out of step with Obama's message of unity and bipartisanship. "Barack Obama said that he would provide a new kind of politics, but General Clark is practicing the old, divisive kind of politics," said Rogers. Despite the controversy, Clark stood by his comments in subsequent interviews. "I think it's important we have a debate about what qualifications are important to be president of the United States," he said. "I think the question, really, is why is Barack Obama's campaign calling on me to apologize when I'm just trying to ask questions about John McCain's record."