article: Kenyan security forces have killed 100 militants, an official said Sunday, one day after a deadly attack on a bus. Forces crossed into Somalia to launch two "successful operations on the hideouts of the perpetrators," said Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto. The camp where the attack was planned was destroyed, he said. On Saturday, Islamist militants ambushed a bus in Kenya and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses, killing at least 28 people, according to authorities. The bus, which had 60 people aboard, was heading from Mandera, near the border with Somalia and Ethiopia, to the capital of Nairobi. About 20 miles into its dawn journey, militants stopped it at a hilly area and stormed in, local police Cmdr. Noah Mwivanda told the Daily Nation newspaper. Militants demanded those onboard recite Quran verses. As others watched, they opened fire on passengers who failed to do so, he said. Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement, saying it was retaliation for mosque raids this week. It described those killed as Christians. Al-Shabaab, which has ties to al Qaeda, has launched a series of attacks in Kenya since its forces went into neighboring Somalia in 2011 to battle the extremists. This is one of the busiest travel seasons in the nation. Throngs make their way to relatives' homes for the holidays, with buses and other public transportation packed this time of the year. Police: Islamists hijack bus in Kenya .
highlights: Kenyan security forces crossed into Somalia and destroyed a camp, a Kenyan official says . The move was in response to an attack Saturday that left at least 28 people dead . Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bus attack .
id: 998e4d767ce69ca69513733877b09bce066e4249
chatgpt: Kenyan security forces have crossed into Somalia and destroyed a terrorist camp in response to an attack that left at least 28 people dead. This comes after the Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bus attack on Saturday. A Kenyan official confirmed the operation and stated that the destroyed camp was used as a training ground for the Al-Shabaab militants. The attack on Saturday targeted a bus travelling from Mandera to Nairobi. The gunmen stopped the bus and ordered the passengers to recite verses from the Quran. Those who could not do so were shot dead. The Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack and stated that it was carried out in retaliation for the Kenyan military's presence in Somalia. The Kenyan authorities have been battling the Al-Shabaab for a long time. The group has been blamed for a number of attacks in the country in recent years, including the 2013 attack on the Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi, which left 67 people dead. The Kenyan government has accused Al-Shabaab of using Somalia as a base to plan and carry out attacks in the country. The operation is a clear indication that the Kenyan government is not taking the threat of terrorism lightly. The government has vowed to continue its fight against the Al-Shabaab group and other militant groups in the region. The Kenyan people have also expressed their support for the government's efforts to rid the country of terrorism. Overall, the destruction of the terrorist camp is a significant blow to the Al-Shabaab group, which has been a thorn in the side of the Kenyan government for many years. The Kenyan authorities have promised to continue their efforts to ensure the safety and security of their citizens.