article: The world's most expensive player put his feet up at home as he watched Real Madrid deliver a brutal first-half lesson to Liverpool. Gareth Bale was forced to miss the Champions League holder's visit to Anfield as he recuperates from a gluetal buttock injury. The £85million former Tottenham winger will not take part in this Saturday's El Clasico showdown with arch-rivals Barcelona either as he battles to return to full fitness. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Barcelona next on Ronaldo's hit-list . Gareth Bale tweeted his support for Real Madrid at half-time of their Champions League game vs Liverpool . But he was pleased to see his Madrid team-mates excel without him as they surged into a 3-0 lead before half-time on Merseyside, courtesy of goals by Cristiano Ronaldo and a brace by Karim Benzema. Bale posted a picture of himself on Twitter watching the game with his feet up at home and wrote: 'Gutted not to be there, it's been a great first 45!! Got to keep it up for the second half #HalaMadrid.' Despite Real's sensational performance, manager Carlo Ancelotti admitted before the game that they were missing the Welshman. Real boss Carlo Ancelotti admitted before Wednesday's match that the Spanish giants would miss Bale . 'Gareth Bale is very important for us because he has a fantastic quality in every sense,' Ancelotti said, speaking to Sky Sports. 'We have to replace him. We have a fantastic squad so we have to replace him. 'You lose things in both attack and defence with Gareth.' His absence was at least one positive for Liverpool who managed to keep the scoreline the same after the interval. Imagine what it might have been with Bale on the pitch... Cristiano Ronaldo (right) gave Real the lead with a sumptuous strike in the first half . VIDEO Barcelona next on Ronaldo's hit-list .
highlights: Liverpool lost 3-0 at home to Real Madrid on Wednesday night . Bale missed Real's Champions League Group B match at Anfield due to a buttock injury . Wales star tweeted a picture of himself watching the game .
id: 16fa697a07f54349b00786c9f4f831030c5b5595
chatgpt: Liverpool suffered a disappointing 3-0 home defeat to Real Madrid in their Champions League Group B encounter on Wednesday night. The Merseyside team had high hopes going into the match but were quickly put on the back foot by a dominant Madrid side. Despite missing star player Gareth Bale due to injury, Madrid put in an impressive performance, with their attack being too much for Liverpool to handle. The absence of Bale was a major blow for Madrid, but they were able to cope well without him and put in a strong team performance. Bale, who is currently recovering from a buttock injury, was not able to play in the match at Anfield. Instead, the Welsh international posted a picture on Twitter of himself watching the game from home, showing his support for his team. Liverpool, meanwhile, struggled to create any meaningful chances and saw their Champions League hopes take a major hit with this defeat. Manager Jurgen Klopp was frustrated with his team's performance and admitted that they were second best on the night. "We were not good enough tonight, and Real Madrid were the better team," said Klopp. "It's disappointing to lose at home, but we need to pick ourselves up and show a better performance in our next game." With Liverpool now sitting third in Group B, they will need to improve their performances if they are to progress to the knockout stages of the competition. Despite the setback, they will look to bounce back in their next match against Atalanta. For Madrid, the victory will give them confidence going forward and they will be pleased with their overall performance on the night. They will look to build on this result and continue their strong form in the Champions League. As for Bale, his recovery will be monitored closely by the Madrid medical team, with hopes that he will return to action soon and help his team in their quest for Champions League glory.