article: (CNN)The holidays are officially over for Sebastian Vettel -- the Formula One racer has started his new job with Ferrari. The 27-year-old is driving into the unknown after ending his rewarding relationship with Red Bull Racing, which powered him to four straight world titles and 44 grand prix victories. It was Vettel's decision to quit Red Bull for Ferrari, a decision he said was partly inspired by a desire to follow in the footsteps of his racing idol Michael Schumacher. But despite his willingness to replace Fernando Alonso at Ferrari, the team suggested it was the new boss who persuaded Vettel to a turn up for a first day at the office. The team said in a statement: "At the request of Team Principal Maurizio Arrivabene, Sebastian Vettel came to Maranello to visit the Gestione Sportiva. "The purpose of the tour was to allow the four time world champion to visit all the departments and to get better acquainted with everyone he will be working with this season." Vettel was seen wearing the distinctive scarlet colors of Ferrari for the first time and ended his Italian road trip by posing for a photograph with his new teammates. Ferrari will unveil its car on January 30 ahead of the 2015 season, which starts in Australia on March 15. It will take to the track for the first preseason test in Jerez, Spain during the first four days of February. But there won't be a No.1 on Vettel's chassis -- that honor will go to Mercedes rival Lewis Hamilton, now a double world champion -- and instead Vettel will race under the No.5. That could be the least of the changes the German has to cope with in his unfamiliar circumstances. Ferrari failed to win a race in 2014 for the first time since 1993 and finished fourth in the constructor standings. Arrivabene, who was the third man to occupy the position of Ferrari team principal in 2014, has set Vettel and his teammate Kimi Raikkonen a target of at least two race victories in the coming season. "Vettel brings with him the experience of winning," Arrivabene, who joined from American tobacco company Phillip Morris, said at a media conference in December. "He is well equipped for the job that awaits him."
highlights: Sebastian Vettel has started his new job with Ferrari . The four time world champion joined the Italian team after quitting Red Bull . Vettel was summoned by Ferrari team principal to the Scuderia's headquarters .
id: 990f883f71405d020cadb8e3a6f00492d9c1039d
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel, the four-time Formula One world champion, has begun his new job with Ferrari after quitting Red Bull. The German driver was welcomed warmly by the Italian team as he was summoned by the Ferrari team principal, Maurizio Arrivabene, to the Scuderia's headquarters in Maranello. Vettel's arrival at Ferrari is significant for the team, which has not won a championship since 2007, when Kimi Raikkonen took the drivers' title. Vettel was brought in to lead the team to success once again, taking over from Fernando Alonso, who left Ferrari after five seasons.  The German driver was appointed the team's lead driver immediately after his arrival, replacing Alonso in that role. He pair up alongside Kimi Raikkonen, who joined Ferrari for his second stint in 2014. Speaking to the media, Vettel said, "It's a great privilege to be here. I'm looking forward to this challenge, to this chance to be part of such a great team. The team's spirit is great and I'm really excited to be a part of it." The 32-year-old driver has plenty of experience in the sport, having won four consecutive titles with Red Bull between 2010 and 2013. He also has 53 career wins, third on the all-time list behind Michael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton. Vettel's first test with his new team took place in Jerez in February 2015, where he set the fastest time on the first day of the test. The team was extremely impressed with his performance, and they believed that his addition would bring fresh energy and motivation to the team. Ferrari Chairman Sergio Marchionne was optimistic about Vettel's arrival, believing that it would contribute positively to the team's long-term success. "Sebastian Vettel is a great champion and a great person. He brings with him a wealth of experience and talent that will be a great asset to Ferrari for years to come." Vettel is set to make his race debut with Ferrari at the Australian Grand Prix, where he'll be aiming to continue the winning tradition of the Scuderia. The team is hoping that his presence will bring about the same level of success that Michael Schumacher brought to the team in the early 2000s. The addition of Sebastian Vettel to the Ferrari team has generated a lot of excitement and anticipation among fans of the sport, and it is sure to spark a renewed level of competition between Ferrari and its rivals. The sport awaits with bated breath to see what Vettel can do with the Italian team.