article: Swansea manager Garry Monk has urged striker Bafetimbi Gomis to build on his two-goal performance in the FA Cup against League Two side Tranmere. The France international struck late on in the 6-2 third-round victory, but his overall display has given his manager encouragement for the future, especially with Wilfried Bony away at the African Nations Cup with Ivory Coast. 'Gomis probably hasn't had the amount of minutes he would have liked; he's still played of course but in terms of why I brought him to the club you could see it there today,' said Monk. Swansea forward Bafetimbi Gomis (left) holds off Tranmere Rovers' midfielder Steve Jennings . Gomis scored twice during Swansea's 6-2 FA Cup Third Round win over Tranmere on Saturday . Gomis celebrating with team-mates Marvin Emnes (left) and Wayne Routledge (centre) 'Hopefully he takes it into this next period now, he will be the first choice, and he is ready to go and hopefully he produces performances like that.' Nathan Dyer, on-loan Tottenham midfielder Tom Carroll and Gambian youngster Mo Barrow put the Swans into a comfortable lead just after half-time, before Max Power fortuitously benefited from charging down goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel's clearance. However, Gomis and substitute Wayne Routledge struck - either side of Cole Stockton's header - to ensure there was no late drama. 'We were very comfortable and I thought we controlled the whole game,' added Monk. 'We managed to get some good goals and played some good football at a place where it can always be difficult. 'They got a couple of goals which could have made it tricky but we responded really well, but I think we controlled it from start to finish.' Swansea boss Garry Monk has urged Gomis to keep on scoring after his goals against Tranmere . Swansea will be without Wilfried Bony (right) who is at the African Nations Cup with the Ivory Coast . Rovers boss Micky Adams has greater concerns than the FA Cup with his side second-bottom of League Two and admitted the gulf in class was too much to bridge without some luck, which they did not get. 'I think there are key moments in the game and my players are saying there is a definite handball for the first goal,' he said. 'If we come in at half-time at 0-0 it is a different game but, having said that, I thought Swansea's application and attitude was spot on - we were hoping to catch them on an off-day. 'When we are chasing the game the scoreline flatters them somewhat but that is the difference, that is what you pay all your money for goalscorers and they have had them today and they showed their quality.'
highlights: Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in 6-2 FA Cup victory over Tranmere . Swansea forward urged to keep scoring by manager Garry Monk . Wilfried Bony away at the African Nations Cup with Ivory Coast . Gomis set to lead line in the absence of Swansea's top scorer .
id: fa0d1e22d9a58463f3754911e5f20f176ef99125
chatgpt: Swansea City eased into the fourth round of the FA Cup after cruising to a convincing 6-2 victory over Tranmere Rovers at Prenton Park. Bafetimbi Gomis was the star of the show, scoring a brace to help his side on their way to a comfortable win. The Frenchman had only started five games prior to this match, but he proved his worth to manager Garry Monk with a clinical display in front of goal. Monk had stressed the importance of Gomis stepping up in the absence of top scorer Wilfried Bony, who is away representing Ivory Coast at the African Nations Cup. The Swansea boss will be delighted with what he saw, as Gomis led the line brilliantly and showed why the club spent £8 million to bring him in from Lyon last summer. After a quiet opening, Swansea took the lead in the 20th minute through Gomis. He latched onto a through ball from Jonjo Shelvey before slotting calmly past Tranmere goalkeeper Owain Fon Williams. The lead was doubled six minutes later, as Wayne Routledge finished off a slick move involving Gylfi Sigurdsson and Gomis. Tranmere pulled one back through Max Power just before half time, but any hopes of a comeback were quickly dashed after the break. Gomis scored his second of the game just four minutes into the second half, before Marvin Emnes added a fourth for Swansea in the 61st minute. Any thoughts of a Tranmere fightback were extinguished when Routledge scored his second of the game on 73 minutes, before Nathan Dyer added a sixth in injury time. Substitute Cole Stockton scored a late consolation for the hosts, but it was nothing more than a footnote in what had been a dominant display from Swansea. Speaking after the match, Monk praised Gomis for his performance and urged him to continue scoring goals. "Bafe showed what he is capable of today, he is a top class striker and he has the ability to score goals at any level," said the Swansea boss. "He has had to be patient this season, but now he has the chance to lead the line and show us what he can do. We need him to keep scoring goals, especially with Wilfried away at the African Nations Cup." Swansea's attention will now turn back to the Premier League, with a tough fixture against Chelsea next up for Monk's men. The Swans currently sit in eighth position in the table, and will be hoping to continue their impressive season with another positive result against the league leaders.