article: A single mother has been told she cannot take her eight-year-old  to a father-daughter dance - because organizers want to keep the event 'authentic'. Shawna Steeves was asked by daughter Meghan to be her date for the  event at Southwest Elementary School in Lawson, Missouri, as the youngster considers her to be both her mother and father. The 30-year-old, who recently moved to the area to be closer to her family, said she would be honored to accompany Meghan, but checked with the school first to make sure she could attend. Single mother: Shawna Steeves was asked by her daughter Meghan (both pictured) to be her date to the event at Southwest Elementary in Lawson, Missouri. The 30-year-old said she would be honored . The principle initially said yes, but the PTO overturned the decision because they wanted to make sure the dance maintained its integrity. They told Miss Steeves that any other male figure - including uncles or grandparents - were more than welcome to attend.  But Meghan insists she wants her mother there. The mom was left devastated, having already bought her daughter a black and white dress with a purple sash - Meghan's favorite color. She told FoxK4: 'If you’re going to have that and you’re going to tell someone to bring their father figure, why not me? I’m just as good. 'I would love to find a substitute so she could go. I have. She ultimately turns around and says, "you’re my mom and you’re my dad" and I would love to go with you . Disappointment: The PTO said Miss Steeves could not accompany her daughter to the dance because it would damage the integrity of the event. They told her any other male figure would suffice . Kacey Collier, the Southwest PTO president, issued a statement, saying: 'Our PTO works very hard at creating events that give ample opportunity for all families to participant in throughout the year. 'Regarding the situation with this event there were several options given to this family and all families so that all Southwest elementary school aged girls are welcome to attend regardless of their family situation. Our goal is to keep this special event authentic. 'We offer many other events that are family oriented. Examples would be muffins with mom and donuts with dad, the family 5 k walk/run, pancakes with Santa, Trunk or treat and our mother son challenge. We are very proud of our organization and what we do for the students and our community.' When Miss Steeves broke the news to her daughter, the youngster said she would write a letter to the school in a bid to have the decision overturned. Response: Meghan has now insisted she will write a letter to the school in a bid to have the decision overturned .
highlights: Shawna Steeves was asked by her daughter Meghan to be her date . 30-year-old said yes - but asked Southwest Elementary in Lawson, Missouri . The principle initially said yes - but the PTA overturned the decision . They said any other male figure - including an uncle - would suffice . But Meghan is insisting that she wants her mother there .
id: 64784a6bce6fa74b1cfc1270bde8027b8041b183
chatgpt: A mother-daughter date is a special event for any family, but for Shawna Steeves and her 30-year-old daughter Meghan, it has turned into a community controversy. When Meghan asked her mother to be her date for a school dance at Southwest Elementary in Lawson, Missouri, Shawna was delighted to say yes. However, things took a controversial turn when she asked the school's principal for permission to attend the dance. While initially approving of the request, the school's Parent Teacher Association (PTA) overturned the decision, saying that any other male figure, including an uncle, would suffice. This has left Meghan feeling heartbroken, as she insists that she wants no one else but her mother to take her to the dance. According to Shawna, she was excited to attend the dance with her daughter, who has always been shy and reserved. "Meghan is very excited for the dance, but she is nervous about going alone," says Shawna. "So when she asked me to go with her, I was thrilled. I know how important it is to make memories with your children, and I wanted to be a part of this special moment in her life." However, the PTA's decision has left Shawna and Meghan feeling disappointed and hurt. The controversy has also caught the attention of many in the local community, who are questioning the PTA's decision. Some community members are questioning the motive behind the PTA's decision. "Why can't a mother be her daughter's date?" asks one concerned citizen. "It's not like a mother and daughter are boyfriend and girlfriend. They are family, and this is a family event." Others are calling for the PTA to reconsider their decision and allow Shawna to attend the dance with her daughter. "This decision is unfair and unjust," says another community member. "Meghan wants her mother there, and that should be the end of the discussion. The PTA needs to rethink their decision and do what is best for the family." While the controversy continues to rage on, Shawna and Meghan remain hopeful that the PTA will change their decision and allow them to attend the dance together. "I just want to be there for my daughter," says Shawna. "This is a special moment in her life, and I want to share it with her. I hope the PTA will reconsider and do what is best for Meghan." As Shawna and Meghan eagerly await a resolution to the controversy, they have the support of their community behind them. With many calling for the PTA to change their decision, it remains to be seen if Shawna will be given the opportunity to attend the dance with her daughter.