article: By . Kate Lyons . It's already the most successful song from a Disney film in 20 years. But a university student from Texas has ensured Let It Go from Frozen will resonate with cartoon fans of all ages by singing it in the voices of 21 different Disney and Pixar characters from almost every classic film. Brian Hull, a 22-year-old vocal performance major from Dallas Baptist University, impersonates classic characters such as Winnie the Pooh, Mickey Mouse, Sebastian from The Little Mermaid, Lumiere from Beauty and The Beast, and Scar from The Lion King. Scroll down for video . Brian Hull recorded himself singing Let It Go in the voice of 21 different Disney and Pixar characters, including Billy Crystal's character Mike Wazowski from Monsters Inc . He also belts out the hit song as more recent Disney favourites, including Captain Jack Sparrow from the Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise, Dug and Alpha from Up, and Ray from The Princess And The Frog. Mr Hull produced the video, which has already wracked up more than 1.4 million YouTube plays at the time of writing, in order to win a $100 gift card in a competition. Experts suggest his popular video will have already earned Mr Hull more than $1000 from YouTube, with that number only expected to increase. He told examiner.com that the virality of his video is completely unexpected. ‘The night before I submitted my video, I was having second thoughts about how good it was, so I posted it to my Facebook, just so I could get honest feedback from my friends. The next thing I know, they shared it over 200 times and now, the video has over a half million views in a day and a half,’ he said. Testing his talents: Mr Hull made the video in order to win a $100 voucher in a competition . The 22-year-old from Texas performed the Oscar-winning song in a video that has gone viral . Let It Go was the hit song from the 2013 film Frozen. The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song at this month’s Oscars, where it was performed by Idina Menzel, who played Queen Elsa in the film. It also made it to the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100, the first Disney song to do so since 1995 when Colors of the Wind from Pocahontas reached number four on the chart. Mr Hull hopes that his video not only wins the competition, but also reminds people of the Disney classics. He wrote on his YouTube page: ‘With so many covers of Let it Go coming out, people may forget the original Disney magic that this song has, so what better way to preserve that magic (than) with other Disney and Pixar characters singing the song!’ Idina Menzel performs Let It Go at the Oscars earlier this month. The song won the Academy Award for Best Song . Queen Elsa learns to control her icy powers while singing the award-winning song .
highlights: Brian Hull made the video of himself singing Let It Go for a competition hoping to win a $100 gift card . He sings the song in the voices of Disney and Pixar characters . The 22-year-old's video has gone since viral with more than 1.3 million views in just a few days . Let It Go is Disney's most successful song since Colors of the Wind from the 1995 film Pocahontas .
id: 7ad23a208fb8b31b50a65d3627b1ac2068b29b40
chatgpt: Brian Hull, a 22-year-old from the United States, has become an internet sensation after his video of himself singing Let It Go in the voices of Disney and Pixar characters went viral. Hull created the video for a competition in the hopes of winning a $100 gift card, but he ended up winning the hearts of millions. Since the video was uploaded, it has received over 1.3 million views in just a few days. Fans have taken to social media to express their awe at Hull's talent and his ability to switch between characters seamlessly. In the video, Hull sings the lyrics of Let It Go, from the hit Disney movie Frozen, in the voices of over 20 Disney and Pixar characters, including Goofy, Mickey Mouse, Olaf the Snowman, and even the villainous Scar from The Lion King. Let It Go, the hit song from Frozen, has become one of Disney’s most popular songs of all time, with the movie’s soundtrack selling millions of copies worldwide. It even won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2014. The song has also inspired hundreds of parodies and covers, but Hull's unique take on the song has captured the attention of millions of people. Hull's video has not only impressed fans but also caught the attention of news outlets and Disney itself. Speaking to a local news outlet, Hull said he never expected his video to get this much attention. "It's just crazy, I never would have thought it would be like this," he said. "I'm grateful for all the positive comments and support." Hull, who describes himself as a voice actor and impressionist, has been creating videos on YouTube for a few years, but it was this video that propelled him to international stardom. With his newfound fame, Hull hopes to inspire others to pursue their passions and dreams. "You just have to keep pushing and keep creating," he said. "You never know what could happen." Disney, who owns the rights to the characters Hull impersonated in the video, has not commented on the viral video. However, many fans are hoping that the company will hire Hull to lend his voice talents to future projects. In the meantime, Hull has no plans of slowing down. He continues to create videos on YouTube, and he even released a parody of Let It Go called "Let It Glow" in the voices of the characters from Disney's Tangled. Hull's video is proof that sometimes, the most unexpected things can lead to great success. And for fans of Disney and Pixar characters, it's exciting to think about what kind of magic Hull will create next.