article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 03:44 EST, 2 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:18 EST, 2 May 2013 . One of London's top prep schools has brought in an unofficial ban on 'best friends' in case other children are left hurt and ostracised. Pupils at the £4,500-a-term Thomas's private day school in Battersea should instead have 'lots of good friends' to maintain harmony in the classroom. Headteacher Ben Thomas believes that having best friends leads to possessive relationships and more tearful fall-outs at school. Concerns: The head at Thomas's private day school in Battersea, London, believes that having best friends can be damaging for young children . Mr Thomas maintains there is no official policy on the matter, but some parents claim they have been told their child should not have a best friend. 'There is sound judgment behind it. You can get very possessive friendships, and it is much easier if they share friendships and have a wide range of good friends rather than obsessing too much about who their best friend is,' Mr Thomas told the Daily Telegraph. 'I would certainly endorse a policy which says we should have lots of good friends, not a best friend. I would be happy to make it school policy, although it would need to be age-appropriate. 'By the time they are 11, 12 or 13 they are making up their own minds. But when they are aged between four and ten, it would be helpful for parents, teachers and children.' Mr Thomas said that the problems linked to having best friends were particularly problematic when it comes to young girls. They often have 'triangle' friendships where one child ends up being left out and upset. Critics: Experts say that it is impossible to stop children choosing best friends and that it is important socially for them to deal with emotional knocks . The issue of banning best friends has been discussed by teaching experts, but critics are warn it is preventing youngsters from learning about the ups and downs of life. Educational psychologist Gaynor Sbuttoni, who provides counselling for children in London, said at a conference last year that teachers should not be interfering with friendships and that it is natural for children to want a best friend. 'If they break up, they have to feel the pain because then they're learning to deal with it,' she said. 'As parents, we're all trying to prevent our children feeling pain, but what we should be doing is helping them bear it and find solutions, rather than trying to take it away.' Judith Mortell, also an educational psychologist, told The Sunday Times some schools view the policy as a waste of valuable curriculum time, while others see it as part of a holistic approach to eduction. National Association of Teachers general secretary, Russel Hobby, added: 'I don't see how you can stop people forming close friendships. We make and lose friends throughout our lives.'
highlights: Head at Thomas's prep says pupils should have  'lots of good friends' instead . Best friends leave other children hurt and isolated, especially among girls . Parents say there's a best friend ban, but school says policy is unofficial .
id: 55b80cfd293459509cbb88f4480841a6d73c16ff
chatgpt: The headteacher at Thomas's Preparatory School in London has encouraged parents to avoid placing too much emphasis on their children having a 'best friend' in a bid to prevent children from feeling left out, hurt and isolated. In a recent interview, the head, Ben Thomas, suggested that children should aim to have "lots of good friends" rather than just one best friend. He noted that best friends can be exclusive and may sometimes lead to leaving others out, especially among girls.  The idea of a "best friend ban" quickly made headlines across several media outlets, with some parents concerned that this meant their children were not allowed to have a best friend. However, the school has stated that they have no official policy regarding best friends. Thomas's Preparatory School is a private institution that has been attended by members of the British Royal Family, including Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Mr. Thomas added that the decision to encourage children to broaden their friendship circle was based on his own personal beliefs rather than being enforced policy. Parents have shared their views on the suggestion made by the headteacher. Some believe it is a good idea to promote inclusivity, while others think that children should be allowed to choose their own friends and best friends should not be discouraged. A mother of a Thomas's Prep student said, "I understand the philosophy behind the head's comments, but I still think the children should have the freedom to choose their own friends. Ultimately, it's up to the individual family to decide what works best for them." The debate about best friends has been ongoing for several years and is not unique to Thomas's Prep. In 2018, a New York Times article reported on several schools that had implemented similar policies. One school in Silicon Valley, California, replaced 'best friends' with 'clusters' to encourage students to socialize with a wider group of friends. The school's head noted that this policy resulted in fewer conflicts and improved the overall social dynamic of the school. The importance of having good friendships during childhood has been well documented. Studies have shown that children who have close friendships with others develop stronger social skills and self-esteem, and are more likely to succeed academically. While the idea of a "best friend ban" may be seen by some as an overreach, promoting inclusivity and encouraging children to form a wide circle of friends is a step in a positive direction. Mr. Thomas' comments have certainly started a discussion about the best way to foster healthy and inclusive relationships among children.  As the debate continues, it is essential to keep in mind that the most important thing is to support children in building strong, positive connections with others. Whether those connections involve a best friend or many good friends, the messages are the same - kindness, inclusivity, and respect for all.