article: London (CNN) -- British Prime Minister David Cameron has ordered an investigation of the Muslim Brotherhood over concerns about its alleged links to violent extremism, his Downing Street office said Tuesday. Cameron has commissioned an internal government review of the "philosophy, activities and impact" on British national interests at home and abroad and the UK's policy toward the movement. "The Muslim Brotherhood has risen in prominence in recent years but our understanding of the organization -- its philosophy and values -- has not kept pace with this," a Downing Street spokesman said in a written statement. "Given the concerns now being expressed about the group and its alleged links to violent extremism, it's absolutely right and prudent that we get a better handle of what the Brotherhood stands for, how they intend to achieve their aims and what that means for Britain." The review will be led by Britain's Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Sir John Jenkins. The Brotherhood has long had a presence in London, but there have been reports that a significant number of prominent members have fled to the British capital from Egypt. On its official English Twitter account, the Muslim Brotherhood said it "welcomes any investigations by the British government into its UK activities, past & present, which are all within the law." Egypt crackdown . Cairo's military-installed government has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group. Saudi Arabia has followed suit. The Brotherhood was founded in Egypt in 1928 and, despite years of repression, remains the largest Islamist movement in the Middle East. It returned to prominence during the Arab Spring uprisings in 2011. There has been a crackdown on the movement, and ensuing political turmoil, since the army ousted Mohamed Morsy, Egypt's first democratically elected president, in July. Egyptian authorities have blamed the Brotherhood for a campaign of violence since. The group insists it remains an entirely peaceful organization, but is accused of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on the police and military. A separate militant group, Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, which the United States has designated a terrorist group, has been blamed for attacks in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. It claimed responsibility in January for four blasts that killed at least six people in and around Cairo. Morsy and many other senior figures are imprisoned, facing charges that could lead to the death penalty. Mass trials of his supporters, which have already resulted in an unprecedented number of death sentences, have drawn widespread criticism from international human rights groups. What is the Muslim Brotherhood? 528 Muslim Brotherhood supporters sentenced to death in Egypt .
highlights: British PM David Cameron has commissioned a government review of the group . The review is to look at the movement's effect on British interests . Egypt has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group . The Egyptian army ousted President Mohamed Morsy, of the Brotherhood, last year .
id: 8b04e345ea7380d51cdc55a29842b0513522b8cc
chatgpt: In a move that has stirred controversy, David Cameron, the British Prime Minister, has commissioned a government review of the Muslim Brotherhood. The review will examine the group's activities and their potential threat to British interests. The Muslim Brotherhood is one of the oldest and largest Islamic organizations in the world. It was founded in Egypt in 1928 and has since spread to other parts of the Middle East and North Africa. The review comes after Egypt declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization last year. The Egyptian army ousted President Mohamed Morsi, a member of the Brotherhood, in 2013. Critics of the review claim that it is politically motivated and that it could harm Britain's relations with the Islamic world. They argue that the Brotherhood is a peaceful organization that promotes democracy and human rights. However, supporters of the review argue that the Brotherhood has extremist elements and that it has links to terrorist organizations. They believe that the group poses a threat to national security and that the review is necessary to better understand the movement's activities. The review will examine the group's ideology, its activities in the UK, and its links to other organizations. It will also assess the impact of the group's activities on British interests and security. The Muslim Brotherhood has been active in the UK for decades. It has a network of mosques and community centers and has established itself as a prominent player in the British Muslim community. However, the group has been accused of promoting radicalization and extremism. Some of its members have been linked to terrorist attacks and plots. The review is expected to be controversial, and there are concerns that it could increase tensions between Britain and the Muslim world. However, the government has said that the review is not aimed at demonizing the Muslim Brotherhood or the Muslim community in the UK. Instead, it is seen as an important step in understanding the group's activities and their potential threat to national security. The review is expected to take several months, and its findings will be published in due course.