article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:30 EST, 13 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:30 EST, 13 February 2014 . Rihanna is suing her former accountant after she claims he advised her to make a string of bad financial decisions which lost the star $9million in one year. The Barbadian singer, real name Robyn Fenty, claims she was 'effectively bankrupt' at the end of 2009 after advice from accountant Peter Gounis of Berdon LLP, according to new legal documents filed at Manhattan federal court. Rihanna says in the lawsuit that she had $11million in cash in January 2009 but just $2million left at the end of the year - mainly because her accountant told her to buy a Beverly Hills mansion for $7.5million which turned out to be moldy and leaking. Rihanna, pictured earlier this year, is suing her former accountant after she claims that his bad advice caused her to lose $9million in one year . The singer also saw her expenses double at this time, according to recent documents filed as part of the 2012 lawsuit, the Daily News reported. The 25-year-old, who is now worth $43million, said that Mr Gounis told her she could afford to purchase the home when she was actually running out of cash. The trouble-ridden mansion ended up having to be sold at a $2million loss. The court papers said: 'Mr Gounis was fully apprised of Ms Fenty’s financial condition, yet, nonetheless, failed to advise her that the purchase would be unwise.' Rihanna also claims it is her . accountant's fault for failing to warn her that her Last Girl On Earth . tour would not turn a profit. She fired Berdon LLP in 2010. Rihanna claims that her former accountant advised her to buy this mansion in 2009 for $7.5million which was riddled with problems including leaks and mold. She finally sold it at a $2million loss . Rhianna is suing Mr Gounis for gross mismanagement. Thomas Manisero, a lawyer for Berdon . LLP, told the Daily News that the allegations were false. MailOnline was . awaiting a comment from Mr Manisero today. Mr Gounis said that the singer squandered huge amounts of money on designer clothes and jewellery. According to the Daily News, he wrote: 'At the core of her claim is this belief: someone else is responsible for her conduct and its consequences.' Rocky financials was not Rihanna's only problem in 2009. Her money worries came around the time she was dating rapper Chris Brown. In February 2009, Brown assaulted Rihanna, leaving her unconscious after he choked her. A leaked photograph from the LAPD showed the extent of her brutal injuries. Four months later, Brown pleaded guilty to felony assault and received five years along with a restraining order which was later lifted. Rihanna and ex-boyfriend Chris Brown pictured at a Paris nightclub in 2008. The singer and rapper were known to have a troubled love life .
highlights: The Barbadian singer, real name Robyn Fenty, was left 'effectively bankrupt' at the end of 2009 . The 25-year-old, who now worth . $43m, claims accountant told her she could afford to purchase . the home when she was running out of cash .
id: 3e77d30d7e15ccecc4089ddf0addd8ea17df71e7
chatgpt: Barbadian singer Robyn Fenty, better known as Rihanna, has revealed she was left "effectively bankrupt" at the end of 2009 due to bad financial advice from her former accountant. The 25-year-old, who is now worth an estimated $43m according to Forbes, says she was advised to purchase a $7m Beverly Hills mansion when she was running out of cash. The revelation comes in court papers filed in London as part of a lawsuit against her former accountant, Peter Gounis of Berdon LLP, whom she accused of negligence and breach of contract. In the documents, Rihanna says Gounis failed to properly advise her on her financial situation during a period when she was extensively touring and launching a number of businesses, and as a result, she suffered significant financial losses. "At the end of 2009, I found myself running out of cash," Rihanna wrote in the court documents. "At this point, Mr. Gounis and Berdon had been my accountant and business manager for several years. Mr. Gounis advised me that I could purchase a home in LA costing around $7m, even though I was experiencing financial difficulties." Rihanna claims that she relied on Gounis' advice and purchased the property, only to later discover that her expenses had exceeded her earnings. She says the property purchase, coupled with other bad financial decisions she alleges were made by Gounis on her behalf, led to her becoming "effectively bankrupt" by the end of 2009. The singer says she eventually discovered the extent of her financial problems and terminated her relationship with Gounis and his firm in 2010. She later settled a lawsuit against them for an undisclosed amount. Rihanna's career has since bounced back, and she has become one of the most successful recording artists in history. In addition to music, she has launched several successful fashion and beauty lines, and has become a prominent philanthropist, donating millions of dollars to various causes. Despite her success, Rihanna says the financial advice she received from Gounis still haunts her to this day. "Mr. Gounis and Berdon left me in a dire financial situation and now I am still dealing with the aftermath of their negligence," she said in the court documents. The case is expected to go to trial later this year, where Rihanna will seek damages for the losses she says she suffered due to Gounis' alleged negligence. For now, the singer continues to focus on her music and her many business ventures, hoping to continue her climb up the ranks of the world's most successful and influential stars.