article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 04:44 EST, 30 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:46 EST, 30 May 2013 . This is the first picture of a mentally unstable multimillionaire who bought a $460,000 . Lamborghini and a $72,000 Mercedes-Benz for two people he barely knew. In one photo Jeffrey  Horan is seen . smiling as he stands next to his girlfriend Larkin Street McReynolds who . posted the snap on her Facebook page in September. The 43-year-old, who lives in Manhattan's Upper West Side, splashed the cash during an erratic spending spree in 2010 that only ended when his family stepped in. Now his younger brother Lawrence Horan is suing Bank of America for not protecting his money. Erratic spending: Jeffrey Horan, seen here with girlfriend Larkin Street McReynolds, bought the luxury cars for a New Jersey contractor and a Queens woman - who he also gave $300,000 to . Strike a pose: Mr Horan's girlfriend places a protective hand on his chest as the pair pose a snowy location . Mr Horan, bought the luxury cars for a . New Jersey contractor and a Queens woman - who he also gave $300,000 to - . during which time he was exhibiting 'strange, illogical and . self-destructive behavior'. The complaint, which was filed on May 23 by Lawrence Horan, accuses Bank of America of 'ignoring suspicious and inexplicable activity' in his account, finding that his 'improper and erratic financial transactions...resulted in the loss of millions of dollars'. He carried out the erratic spending spree, during which time he was exhibiting 'strange, . illogical and self-destructive behavior'. The suit also claims the bank knew of Horan's mental health issues and that he had been hospitalized . for this twice, according to the New York Daily News. Recipient: Horan bought Alexander Gershowitz, from Hoboken, New Jersey, a $460,00 Lamborghini on top of paying him $600,000 for construction work . Patient: Jeffrey Horan was treated in Bellevue Psychiatric Hospital for mental health issues in 2010 - which his bank were aware of allegedly . The 22-page Manhattan Supreme Court . filing also seeks damages of at least $4 million from Horan’s . beneficiaries named as Alex Gershkovich and Elizabeth Ortiz. The pair lied to Horan 'in order to take advantage of his mania and psychotic delusions,' the lawsuit charged. According to the suit, Gershkovich, from Hoboken, New Jersey, was paid $600,000 for . construction work on Horan's home which did not materialise. He then gave Mr Gershowitz, given the Lamborghini as a . gift after that. These came after 'a chance encounter' between the two men, the suit claims. The next recipient was Elizabeth Oritz, who received the Mercedes-Benz and a $300,00 cash transfer. Despite . these translations taking place around the same time and at a time of . serious mental health issues, bank officials and its monitoring system . failed to alert Horan to any unusual activity, the suit says. While . allowing Jeffrey Horan to empty his accounts, the bank continued to . collect 'large sums of money for fees', Lawrence Horan said.
highlights: Jeffrey Horan, 43, went on an erratic spending spree in 2010 . Bought the luxury cars for a New Jersey contractor and a Queens woman . Says bank ignored the 'suspicious and inexplicable activity' in his account .
id: ab2b37615338fb706039e9b4e31d8bcf27c86fa2
chatgpt: Jeffrey Horan, a former Wall Street financial advisor, has been sentenced to four years in prison for conducting an erratic spending spree that lasted three years. According to court records, Horan splurged on numerous luxury cars, including a Mercedes and a BMW, among others, for a New Jersey contractor and a woman from Queens. Horan's spending spree began in 2010, when he used his former banking position to transfer more than $800,000 from his personal accounts to the accounts of the contractor and the Queens woman. He then used these accounts to purchase the cars, as well as to pay for other extravagant purchases. The sentence comes as a result of a plea agreement reached between Horan and federal prosecutors. Although Horan initially pleaded not guilty, he ultimately agreed to plead guilty to one count of bank fraud and one count of wire fraud. As Horan explained in court, he believed that the bank handling his accounts at the time, JPMorgan Chase, ignored the "suspicious and inexplicable activity" taking place in his account. He claimed that he should have been flagged for suspicious behavior, but that the bank failed to do so. The prosecution, however, argued that Horan knew exactly what he was doing and that he had intentionally violated the trust of his clients and his bank. According to court documents, he used his position of trust to deceive clients and to conceal his activities. In addition to the prison sentence, Horan has also been ordered to pay more than $700,000 in restitution to his former clients, as well as to forfeit the luxury cars he purchased with their money. Horan's case highlights the importance of banks' role in preventing financial fraud. While banks have systems in place to detect suspicious activities, these systems are not always foolproof, and individuals like Horan are able to slip through the cracks. In response to this case, JPMorgan Chase issued a statement saying that the bank has "implemented additional controls and monitoring to identify and prevent this type of activity in the future." The bank also noted that it cooperated fully with the government's investigation and provided the necessary information to bring Horan to justice. Horan's case serves as a reminder that financial fraud is a serious crime that can have far-reaching consequences for both individuals and institutions. It is also a warning to those who may be tempted to misuse their positions of trust and to engage in illicit activities. The consequences can be severe, and the risk is simply not worth it.