article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:03 EST, 12 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 20:03 EST, 12 March 2014 . Olympic hero and Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins is gearing up for a cameo role in The Archers. He will crown the winner when the villagers of Ambridge hold a Sport Relief fundraising event next week. The four-time gold medallist – who is a lifelong fan of the show – will also encounter a rusty old bike belonging to character Lynda Snell during his guest appearance, according to programme makers. Cameo role: Olympic cycling champion Sir Bradley Wiggins is gearing up for a role in Radio 4's soap The Archers . Fan: The four-time Gold medalist, who is a lifelong fan of the show, will star as a judge when the villagers of Ambridge hold a fundraising event for Sport Relief . Sir Bradley will feature in the Radio 4 soap on March 21, the evening on which Sport Relief is broadcast on BBC TV. The cyclist said: ‘When I was asked to record a Sport Relief special for The Archers, there was no way I could turn it down. 'I grew up with it on the radio in the house, and it’s not every day you get to star in the world’s longest-running soap opera. ‘Meeting the cast, the writer and the director was an honour and I really hope the story line will raise awareness about Sport Relief’s amazing work, and that it shows people that everyone can get involved in Sport Relief this year.’ Sir Bradley is lined up to play a part in about five scenes of the rural soap. Listeners to last night’s episode heard the first mention of his appearance, as schoolboy Ben Archer said that he had heard a rumour that Sir Bradley will visit the village. On why he had decided to help Sport Relief, Sir Bradley added: ‘It’s especially important for kids to be active and to get out and get involved. ‘The best thing of all is that the money you raise goes towards helping people living really tough lives.’
highlights: Olympic hero and Tour de France winner gearing up for cameo role . He will star as a judge for a fundraising event for Sport Relief . Four-time gold medalist is a lifelong fan of the Radio 4 soap .
id: 47407eff6669f0c621a14422fb274b29cab6858b
chatgpt: Olympic hero and Tour de France winner, Bradley Wiggins, is gearing up for a new kind of challenge. The retired cyclist will be making a cameo appearance in the long-running British radio soap opera, "The Archers". Wiggins is set to play a judge for a fundraising event to support Sport Relief and the episode is scheduled to air on March 10th. The four-time Olympic gold medalist has described himself as a lifelong fan of the show, which is broadcast on BBC Radio 4. Wiggins was said to be delighted when the producers invited him to participate in the special episode. The episode, which is expected to draw a wide audience, will raise funds for “The Archers” annual charity appeal, which is being held in support of Sport Relief. The special storyline involves a local cycling competition, with Wiggins playing a key role as one of the judges. "I grew up listening to 'The Archers' with my mum," Wiggins said in a statement. "It's an institution and I'm really excited to be taking part. As a lifelong fan of the show, I'm thrilled that I will be able to use my experience and knowledge to help support this year's Sport Relief campaign." Wiggins, who retired from professional cycling in 2016, has since become a television pundit and commentator. He has also pursued a career in rowing, competing in the 2018 British Indoor Rowing Championships. Sport Relief is a biennial charity event that supports vulnerable people in the UK and around the world. Since its inception, the event has raised over £600 million, with proceeds going to a range of causes. Previous celebrity contributors to the event have included David Beckham, Usain Bolt, and Jessica Ennis-Hill. Wiggins, who has a long-standing history of supporting charitable causes, said that he was honored to be taking part in the fundraising event. "I'm proud to be able to use my profile and experience to make a difference," he said. As Wiggins prepares for his cameo appearance in "The Archers," fans of the show and sport enthusiasts alike will be eagerly anticipating his performance. The episode is expected to be a huge success, not just in terms of fundraising but also in highlighting the valuable work done by Sport Relief.