article: Liverpool may be forced to sack Brendan Rodgers if results do not improve dramatically, according to Anfield legend Steve Nicol. Rodgers has made a point of saying that some defeats ‘can be the making’ of you but there is no doubt the criticism of his team, results and himself will be stinging him. Take this from Nicol, whose medals in a 13-year Anfield career include a European Cup. Brendan Rodgers has come under intense pressure following a run of dismal results . Steve Nicol won a raft of trophies at Liverpool and is pictured during the one that got away at Anfield in 1989 . Rodgers speaks to his players as Liverpool crash out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with Basle . ‘If things don’t change then ultimately Brendan will pay the price,’ said Nicol. ‘If this team keeps performing the way they are, I don’t think they’ll have another option. We are not even halfway through and most people don’t expect Liverpool to get into the top four. ‘You wonder where this team are going. He has tried to add to the squad to make it better. Somehow it has turned the other way. Steven Gerrard looks downcast after what could be his final game in the Champions League . A Liverpool supporter makes his feelings clear as the Anfield club are knocked out of the Champions League . Raheem Sterling (centre) walks off the pitch as Liverpool contemplate Thursday night in the Europa League . 'The team are completely rudderless. They don’t look to have any imagination going forward and defensively they look at odds. This is a desperate time for Liverpool.’ The reaction to Liverpool's elimination from the Champions League on social media and radio phone-ins saw some supporters ask for him to be removed, less than seven months after being named LMA Manager of the Year, but there is no chance owners FSG will dispense with him soon after giving him a new contract. What they do expect, is to be back in the top four come May. If Rodgers is to achieve that, he needs to get results. Fast.
highlights: Liverpool crashed out of the Champions League after draw with Basle . Brendan Rodgers has come under increasing pressure after poor results . Reds manager will 'pay the price' if things don't improve, says Steve Nicol .
id: 56c497921623b89fa0ab07e5e82440b8d6db8b60
chatgpt: Liverpool fans were left disappointed as the team crashed out of the Champions League after their 1-1 draw with Basle on Tuesday. The Reds fell behind early in the game but managed to equalize in the second half, however, they were unable to find the crucial second goal that would have sealed their progress to the knockout stages. This latest setback has added to the mounting pressure on Liverpool's manager, Brendan Rodgers. The Northern Irishman has been under fire in recent weeks following a string of poor results that has seen the team drop down to ninth in the Premier League table. Former Liverpool player, Steve Nicol, has now weighed in on the situation, warning that Rodgers' job is on the line. Speaking to ESPN FC, Nicol remarked: "If things don't improve soon, he's going to pay the price. It's as simple as that." Rodgers has faced criticism from supporters and pundits alike, with many questioning his tactics and team selection. The absence of star striker Daniel Sturridge has also been a major blow for the team, as they struggle to find the back of the net on a consistent basis. Despite the mounting pressure, Rodgers remains determined to turn things around. Speaking after Tuesday's game, he said: "We've got a lot of work to do. It's a tough moment, but we've got to take responsibility and find a way to turn it around." Liverpool's next fixture is a crucial clash against fierce rivals Manchester United on Sunday. With both teams underperforming this season, the game could have a significant impact on their respective campaigns. In the meantime, Rodgers will be hoping for an upturn in form from his side. He will be looking to star players such as Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling to step up and deliver the goods in the coming weeks. It remains to be seen whether Rodgers will be able to save his job, but one thing is for certain - the pressure is on for Liverpool to start winning games and climbing up the league table.