article: More than 60 rotting bodies have been found in an abandoned Mexican crematorium after neighbours complained to authorities about a foul smell coming from the building. The 61 bodies, most of them male, were discovered in a funeral home near the popular resort of Acapulco. It had been closed for about a year, according to a government official. Guerrero state prosecutor Miguel Angel Godinez confirmed the number of bodies in comments to local media. Scroll down for video . Members of a forensic medical team work through the ghastly discovery in the funeral home near Acapulco . Mexican soldiers look through the crematorium, where the bodies were covered in sheets and doused with quicklime in an attempt to mask the smell of rotting flesh . Police and forensic experts search the area surrounding the crematorium in a hunt for clues which could reveal who left the bodies at the site . Soldiers stand guard at the site while medical workers remove the 61 badly decomposed corpses . Many of the bodies were covered with sheets and had been doused with quicklime, apparently to reduce the odour of rotting flesh. Some of the bodies appeared to have been there for as long as a year, but others could have been placed at the site more recently, the official said. The state of Guerrero has been shaken by drug-related violence, including the notorious disappearance of 43 college students who were allegedly rounded up by corrupt police on September 26 and handed over to a drug gang. Federal investigators say the students, who last were seen in Iguala, about 105 miles north of Acapulco, were killed and their remains burned at a rubbish dump. There were no immediate signs that the bodies found at the funeral home were connected to the case of the missing students or any other crime. There were no immediate signs the bodies found at the funeral home (pictured) were connected to a recent incident in which 43 college students were rounded up by corrupt police and handed over to a drug gang . The funeral home had been closed for about a year, although its thought bodies may have been left there in recent months. Pictured are soldiers guarding the site of the grisly find .
highlights: More than 60 rotting bodies found in abandoned Mexican crematorium . It is thought some corpses had been lying inside the building for a year . The ghastly discovery was made after neighbours complained of the smell . Many were covered and doused in quicklime to reduce the rotting stench . Guerrero state, where the bodies were found, is notorious for drug violence .
id: 44d7ac6f06ea7c81bb229c4299a20dd4fbe1e509
chatgpt: The gruesome discovery of over 60 rotting bodies in an abandoned Mexican crematorium has shocked the nation. Local authorities confirmed that some of the corpses had been lying inside the building for up to a year, causing concern amongst residents in the area. The investigation was launched after neighbours complained of a strong smell emanating from the abandoned building. Authorities soon discovered the macabre interior which was littered with the decomposing bodies of at least 60 people. It is believed that many of the corpses were covered and doused in quicklime in an attempt to reduce the stench of rotting flesh. The discovery has once again highlighted the brutal reality of drug violence in Guerrero state, where the crematorium is located. Many in the local community are now fearful that the violence is spilling over into their neighbourhoods and that the cartels have begun to use crematoriums and other abandoned buildings to dispose of their victims. In recent years, Guerrero has become a hotbed of violence, with drug cartels battling for control of the lucrative drug trade. The cartels have been known to use extreme violence to intimidate their rivals, and it appears that innocent civilians are also being caught in the crossfire. The Mexican authorities have been struggling to contain the violence, and President Lopez Obrador's government has repeatedly promised to tackle the issue. Yet, as the discovery of the abandoned crematorium shows, the situation on the ground remains dire. The discovery of the corpses has also raised questions about the state of Mexico's forensic services. In 2018, it was revealed that the country's morgues were struggling to cope with the sheer number of corpses, with some morgues refusing to take in any more bodies. The situation has led to fears that some families are being denied the chance to bury their loved ones in a dignified manner, with many bodies remaining unclaimed in morgues for months, if not years. The Mexican government has yet to comment on the discovery, though it is expected that a full investigation will be launched in the coming days. However, many in the local community fear that the authorities will do little to address the underlying issues that have led to the violence and that the situation will only continue to worsen. The discovery of the abandoned crematorium and its grim contents is a stark reminder of the brutal reality of drug violence in Mexico. Until the government takes decisive action to tackle the root causes of the violence, it is likely that similar discoveries will continue to be made throughout the country, causing heartache and horror for all those affected.