article: By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 19:58 EST, 13 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:58 EST, 13 July 2013 . Doing an about-turn on his own pet policy London mayor Boris Johnson is now not so keen on the idea of the 'Boris Island' airport. The new transport hub was going to be built in the Thames estuary on an artificial island. Now Mr Johnson is more strongly backing a giant airport on the Isle of Grain in Kent, partly built on reclaimed land. New favourite idea: Boris has backed the four-runway 'Foster Island' (pictured) in the Thames Estuary airport, which would be capable of handling up to 180million passengers a year on the Isle of Grain in Kent . Elaborate plan: The Isle of Grain's  proposed international railway station, which would include a service to Waterloo in 26 minutes . Mr Johnson told The Sunday Times in an interview that it would 'knock the spots off' rival European airports as it would eventually serve 180 million passengers a year. The entire project would cost about £65 billion, including a new train line taking passengers to Waterloo in 26 minutes. The Boris Island plan, designed by Global firm Gensler, will remain one of three options that Mr Johnson will present to a government-backed commission this week. The proposed location for Boris Island, artificially created from landfill, would be two miles north of the Isle of Sheppey. Ferries would link the site to Kent and Essex while a railway bridge could connect it to the mainland. The third possible idea would be expanding Stansted. Crunch time: Mayor of London Boris Johnson is submitting the Isle of Grain plan to a government-backed commission today . However, Mr Johnson now says that the Isle of Grain plan has the 'greatest single potential for regeneration'. The blueprint involves an opening scheduled for 2029, requiring infrastructure improvements such as extending Crossrail and widening the M25 an extra lane in each direction for 36 miles. Mr Johnson insisted that Prime Minister David Cameron is 'open to the idea' of an estuary airport. On top of those three suggestions, Heathrow will be revealing its own plans to expand with a thrid and maybe even fourth runway. Ongoing fight: A longstanding campaign has been fought to prevent a third Heathrow runway, but if airports move to the east of the London, tens of thousands will lose their jobs . The plans to replace Heathrow have . angered many west Londoners who fear it would harm the local economy and . result in huge job loses as around 76,600 people currently work there. The committee listening to the various ideas, chaired by former Financial Services Authority chairman Sir Howard Davies, will not publish its final report until the summer of 2015. In April, Mr Johnson said that he would also like to see any future airport named after the late Baroness Thatcher.
highlights: Mayor Boris Johnson does a u-turn on his own plan for 'Boris Island' airport . The new airport would have been on an artificial island in the Thames . Now Mr Johnson favours a giant airport on the Isle of Grain in Kent .
id: bad89a3a79f12c9c17dbfae2f58b765b12ac9d97
chatgpt: In a surprising move, Mayor Boris Johnson has done a complete U-turn on his well-known plan to build a new airport on an artificial island in the River Thames. The new airport has been informally referred to as "Boris Island" since its conception in 2011. However, Johnson has now abandoned this vision and instead proposed a new location for a major airport on the Isle of Grain in Kent. The change in location for the airport has been attributed to the Mayor's realization that a new airport in the Thames estuary was not the best solution for London's aviation needs. Johnson's decision was driven by concerns over the impact on the natural environment and the cost of the project, which was estimated to be around £100 billion ($145 billion). Speaking to reporters, the Mayor said that the proposed airport on the Isle of Grain would be more cost-effective and easy to finance. The airport would be connected to London by a high-speed rail link and would also have the potential to handle up to 150 million passengers annually. Johnson also suggested that the project would create a significant number of jobs and boost the economy of the surrounding areas. Despite the announcement, the fate of the "Boris Island" airport project remains up in the air. Johnson's proposed location at the Isle of Grain is only the latest in a series of possible sites for a new airport in the Southeast of England. An interesting fact is that the proposal for a new airport on the Isle of Grain is not a new idea. In fact, the site was considered as a location for a new airport back in the 1970s. At that time, the proposal received opposition from local residents and environmentalists who were concerned about the impact on the wildlife and the potential risk of flooding. Local residents in the area have voiced their concerns about the potential impact of a new airport on the Isle of Grain. Many are worried about the noise pollution, the environmental impact, and the strain on local infrastructure. The proposed site is also located in an area of high flood risk, which could pose significant challenges for the project. Despite these concerns, Mayor Johnson has remained resolute in his belief that a new airport on the Isle of Grain is the best solution for the Southeast's aviation needs. He has promised to work closely with local communities and environmental groups to address their concerns and ensure that the project is implemented in the most sustainable way possible. Overall, Johnson's U-turn on "Boris Island" has caused ripples across the aviation industry and highlighted the ongoing debate about the need for a new major airport in the Southeast of England. The question now is whether the proposed airport on the Isle of Grain will have public support and whether it can overcome the environmental and economic challenges that may arise.