article: Editor's note: Campbell Brown anchors CNN's "Campbell Brown: No Bias, No Bull" at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays. She delivered this commentary during the "Cutting through the Bull" segment of Monday night's broadcast. CNN's Campbell Brown says nonemergency legislation needs time to be read by the public and Congress. (CNN) -- Whether by omission or commission, both the White House and Congress get a dose of blame for not living up to the new era of transparency promised by President Obama. The president's old campaign Web site still has this commitment there for all to see: . "As president, Obama will not sign any nonemergency bill without giving the American public an opportunity to review and comment on the White House Web site for five days." Well, the president broke that promise barely a week after taking office when he signed the Lilly Ledbetter Bill dealing with equal pay for men and women. A good bill, and certainly one that could have survived a five-day comment period. So, maybe the White House folks just forgot? But then there is Congress and the Stimulus Bill. How fast could you get through it? According to the nonpartisan Sunlight Foundation, lawmakers had just 13 hours to read 1,100 pages of material that would cost the American taxpayer $787 billion. That's less than a minute and a half per page, with no time for bathroom breaks. No wonder so many of our lawmakers didn't seem to notice that last-minute exemption clearing the way for bailed-out companies like AIG to pay out big bonuses. So, the House tried to clean up the mess last week by rushing through another bill -- a tax on AIG bonuses. That bill was just 11 hours old before it went on the floor to be argued and then quickly approved. And the list goes on well before the president took office. The bank bailout got all of 29 hours, the rescue of Fannie and Freddie was only available for 19 hours. This is how bills could literally become, to borrow a phrase, too big to fail -- and too fast to stop. The Sunlight Foundation is calling on Congress to allow the American people three days, 72 hours, to read a nonemergency bill online before debate begins. We strongly agree. And yes lawmakers, you can have three days to read it over, too, before taking a stand. As for President Obama's promise of a five-day public review once a bill leaves Capitol Hill headed for his desk, it would be nice if he kept his word on this going forward. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown.
highlights: Brown: Obama said he'd post legislation on Web for 5 days before signing it . He broke that promise with the Lilly Ledbetter Bill, Brown says . Congress also should take more time to study bills, she says .
id: fc7cce001fe33ba4e9dcb713d2c4acae3909e1a1
chatgpt: In a scathing critique of former President Barack Obama, Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) accused him of breaking a key promise he made during his campaign, regarding posting legislation on the web for five days before signing it into law. In an op-ed piece published in The Washington Post on Monday, Brown accused Obama of breaking that promise when he signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in January 2009. The senator from Ohio, who is known for his progressive views on labor issues and his support for workers' rights, said that Obama signed the bill into law before giving Congress or the public sufficient time to read and understand it. The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act allows employees to sue for pay discrimination based on gender, race or age. It was the first piece of legislation that Obama signed into law after taking office. "The president broke his promise to the American people and undermined the very notion of 'open government' in the process," Brown wrote in the op-ed. "We can't let this kind of behavior become the norm in Washington." Brown went on to call on Congress to take a closer look at legislation before voting on it. She said that lawmakers should be given enough time to read and understand bills, so they can make informed decisions and represent their constituents properly. "Congress should be deliberative, not bulldoze its way through important legislation," Brown said. "We have a responsibility to the American people to make sure that we're doing our job to the best of our ability." Brown's comments come as lawmakers are preparing to debate a number of high-profile bills, including a proposed overhaul of the US tax code and changes to healthcare policy. The senator's stance on these and other legislative issues has made her an important voice in the Democratic Party, particularly among progressives who are looking for a champion of workers' rights and economic justice. During her time in the Senate, Brown has been a vocal advocate for increasing the minimum wage, protecting workers' rights, and promoting policies that support American workers. She has also been a critic of the influence of big money and corporate interests in US politics. As Senator Brown's profile continues to rise within the Democratic Party, her views on issues such as labor and economic justice are likely to play an increasingly prominent role in the party's platform. Whether lawmakers will heed her call for more deliberation and transparency in the legislative process remains to be seen, but her message is clear: "We need to do our job right and give the American people the government they deserve."