article: A farmer set himself ablaze in the middle of a busy street after local government officials went back on a promise to pay him for land they had appropriated to build a new highway. Qiang Yuan, 45, squatted down just outside the council building, poured fuel on himself and then set it alight - turning himself into a human fireball in front of horrified shoppers. Incredibly, he remained seated even as the flames blackened his skin. Farmer Qiang Yuan, 45, set himself alight in front of local government offices in China . His wife said she had no idea he was going to take such drastic action when he left the house that day . Shocked shopper Wen Ko said: 'I was just about to go into a store when I heard people start screaming. 'I turned round and saw this huge ball of fire. 'I then realised it was a man sitting on the ground. He toppled over as a security guard ran over to extinguish the flames, but then he sat back up again and continued squatting there despite the fact his skin was blackened and charred.' Yuan had been promised cash in return for his land, after officials told him it was needed for the new road. But months after giving it away, the farmer still hadn't been paid - and his calls were being ignored. At his wits end, Yuan bought petrol from a local shop, walked up to the front of the council buildings and poured it over his head before striking a match. He is now in hospital in a critical condition, with doctors crediting the quick actions of a security guard who extinguished the flames . After the flames were extinguished, he was rushed to hospital, where he is in a critical condition. A hospital spokesman said: 'He has severe burns across 70 per cent of his body and is very lucky to be alive thanks to the quick reactions of the security guard.' Qiang's wife Ling Cheng, 40, said: 'He was very angry and upset and kept saying that he had been cheated. 'We aren't rich and we really need that money as we have lost a large amount of our earnings from the land. 'He said he was gong to try and meet someone to find out what was happening. 'I had no idea he was going to do something like this.' Local government officials have yet to comment, but said they would release a full statement once an investigation had been completed.
highlights: Shocked shoppers described the moment Qiang Yuan set himself on fire . Farmer had lost a 'large amount' of earnings after the land was taken . Local government said land was needed to build a new highway . Officials promised to pay Yuan - but he was still waiting months later . Farmer is now in a critical condition after security guard put out flames . WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
id: cd5f4057476ba29e3da96a6c0c5a863b939f7962
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that left shoppers at a local market reeling, farmer Qiang Yuan set himself on fire in protest over the loss of his land. The farmer had lost a significant amount of earnings after his land was taken by the government for the construction of a new highway. While officials promised to compensate him for the loss, months passed by and there was no sign of any payment. Eyewitnesses described the horrific scene as Qiang Yuan doused himself in flammable liquid and lit himself on fire. According to reports, a security guard who was present at the scene managed to put out the flames, but not before the farmer suffered severe burns over his body. The incident has once again raised questions about the government's handling of land disputes and compensation for farmers who have lost their land in the name of development. China has seen a spate of such incidents in recent years, with farmers resorting to extreme measures to draw attention to their plight. The local government, which had acquired Qiang Yuan's land, had promised to pay him for the loss. However, months had passed and the farmer was yet to receive any compensation. The situation had left him frustrated and helpless, leading him to take the drastic step of immolating himself. The incident has sparked outrage among locals, who have accused the government of callousness and neglecting the plight of farmers. The local authorities have assured that they will investigate the matter and ensure that the farmer receives the compensation he is entitled to. However, the incident has once again highlighted the need for a more comprehensive and humane approach to land disputes in China. The incident serves as a grim reminder of the challenges facing China's rural population, who are often left behind in the race for development. While the government has made significant strides in improving the lives of its citizens, there is still much work to be done to ensure that the benefits of development are shared in a more equitable manner. As Qiang Yuan recovers in hospital, there are hopes that his suffering will not be in vain and that the incident will spur much-needed reforms in the way land disputes are handled in China. However, it is clear that there is a long road ahead before farmers like Qiang Yuan can feel secure in their livelihood and rights to their land.