article: New York (CNN)Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, who was convicted of supporting al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists, was sentenced to life in prison Friday by a federal judge in New York. A federal jury in Manhattan convicted al-Masri in May of aiding kidnappers during a 1998 hostage-taking in Yemen, sending a young recruit to jihadists in Afghanistan, violating U.S. sanctions against the Taliban, and attempting to establish an al Qaeda-style training camp on the West Coast of the United States. "Abu Hamza's blood-soaked journey from cleric to convict, from Imam to inmate, is now complete," Preet Bharara, United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, said in a statement after sentencing. "After years of fighting extradition, Abu Hamza finally faced justice, as all those who engage in terrorism against innocent civilians must, here in the U.S., and all around the globe, as the terrible events in Paris remind us." On Friday, the cleric had a scruffy beard and wore a blue prison jumpsuit. He entered the courtroom with his arms exposed and without a prosthetic, which he put on occasionally to write. The high-profile London mosque leader gained notoriety for the metal hook he is sometimes depicted wearing in place of one of his missing hands, but he wore only an occasional writing prosthesis in the Manhattan courtroom during his monthlong trial. Contrary to stories that he lost the limbs in battle, al-Masri testified, his maiming was the result of an engineering accident. In imposing the life term, U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest told al-Masri: "I don't believe the world would be safe with you in 10 years, 15 years or longer." Al-Masri, 56, was found guilty of participating in a hostage-taking in Yemen in 1998 that resulted in four deaths, a conspiracy to establish a terrorist training camp in Bly, Oregon, and sending a follower to train and fight with al Qaeda in Afghanistan in 2000. The cleric was extradited from the United Kingdom, where he had been convicted of inciting racial hatred and soliciting murder with his fiery sermons. A highlight of the trial came when al-Masri took the stand in his own defense and accused federal prosecutors of using "pay-as-you-go witnesses" and a "cut-and-paste" approach to his inflammatory comments, including statements about his admiration for late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. Lawyers for al-Masri asked the judge to send him to a medical facility instead of prison but Forrest said that decision will be made by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. CNN's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report.
highlights: Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri was convicted of supporting al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists . Al-Masri was sentenced to life in prison by a federal judge in New York . Judge Katherine Forrest tells al-Masri, "I don't believe the world would be safe with you in 10 years, 15 years or longer"
id: 279a856e9de52ce8c89f355a99a864c9790a9e24
chatgpt: Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri was sentenced to life in prison by a federal judge in New York on Friday, after being convicted of supporting Al-Qaeda and Taliban terrorists. Judge Katherine Forrest delivered the sentence in court, telling al-Masri, "I don't believe the world would be safe with you in 10 years, 15 years or longer." Abu Hamza al-Masri, born Mustafa Kamel Mustafa, had been extradited from the UK in 2012 to face trial in the United States. He was accused of participating in a conspiracy to establish a terrorist training camp in Oregon, as well as involvement in a 1998 hostage-taking incident in Yemen in which four hostages, including three Britons, were killed. The trial was held in Manhattan's federal district court, and lasted several weeks. Prosecutors presented evidence that al-Masri had supported and facilitated terrorist activity, including by providing support to Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. Al-Masri represented himself in court, and denied the charges against him, claiming that he was being persecuted for his beliefs. Judge Forrest was not convinced, and in her sentencing statement, she criticized al-Masri's "unrepentant hatred and violence" and "lack of remorse" for his actions. She noted that he had shown no willingness to change his ways, and that he had continued to preach violence and extremism even while in custody. "You are not a martyr, you are a criminal," she said. The sentencing of al-Masri has been greeted with relief by authorities, who are still grappling with the threat of terrorism from groups like Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. In a statement, US Attorney Geoffrey Berman described al-Masri's sentence as a "fitting end to his terrorist career." The prosecution of al-Masri is also being seen as a victory for the US justice system, which has been criticized in the past for its handling of terrorism cases. The US government has faced accusations of using tactics like extraordinary rendition and Guantanamo Bay to detain and punish suspects without due process. The successful prosecution of al-Masri in a civilian court, using standard legal procedures, is being seen as a demonstration of the efficacy of this approach. The sentencing of al-Masri is also being seen as a warning to other extremist groups and individuals. The message from the US government is clear: anyone who supports or facilitates terrorist activity will be brought to justice, no matter where they are in the world. It is hoped that this will serve as a deterrent to those who would seek to harm innocent people in the name of ideology or religion. In conclusion, the sentencing of Abu Hamza al-Masri is a significant event in the fight against terrorism. It represents a triumph for the US justice system, and a message to others that terrorism will not be tolerated. As Judge Forrest said in her sentencing statement, "The world will be a safer place with you behind bars."