article: By . Sarah Dean for Daily Mail Australia . and Aap . A fire has ripped through a popular inner Melbourne restaurant, forcing the evacuation of diners and causing more than $400,000 worth of damage. About 50 people were enjoying dinner at Donovans Restaurant, St Kilda, when the fire broke out in its roof above the kitchen on Sunday evening. Owners Gail and Kevin Donovan bought the restaurant in 1995. 'I have absolutely no idea how the fire started, it's completely bizarre,' Ms Donovan told the Herald Sun. Scroll down for video . A fire ripped through Donovans restaurant on Sunday night forcing 50 diners to evacuate the building . Metropolitan Fire Brigade (MFB) firefighters said no one was injured and they were able bring it under control in 50 minutes. They stopped it from spreading. The damage bill is more than $400,000 and its cause is being investigated, A MFB statement said. The site of Donovans was one of three original bathing houses built in 1920 on the St Kilda foreshore. A passer-by reportedly spotted smoke coming from the restaurant's roof and alerted staff. The fire has caused more than $400,000 worth of damage, Melbourne Fire Brigade said . Donovans is built on one of three original 1920 bathing houses on the St Kilda foreshore . Crowds gathered in the street around Donovans as smoke was seen overhead of the restaurant . Chef Andrew Craig said: 'We didn’t even know it had happened until one of the wait staff saw the flames and smoke coming from outside the restaurant.' Ms Donovan promised to rebuild her business and added: 'We love it and adore it, and hopefully the damage will all just be internal.' MFB Commander Bruce Pickthall told 3AW radio: 'They're prepared to make Donovan's bigger and better than it was and thankfully St Kilda has still got one of its iconic buildings. 'It will come back. It will be trading in no time.' The fire at Donovans comes after the iconic Stokehouse restaurant, on St Kilda beach, was also destroyed by a fire in January this year. Around 200 customers were forced to flee and more than 70 firefighters battled for three hours to control the blaze. Donovans before it was ravaged by fire on Sunday night .
highlights: Fire at the St Kilda restaurant forced evacuation of 50 diners . Owners Gail and Kevin Donovan have no idea how the fire started but have promised to rebuild it 'bigger and better' Comes after Melbourne's iconic Stokehouse restaurant was also destroyed by a fire in January this year .
id: 88f94866fe763bf2cd8ec4a85b633953bbef22bd
chatgpt: A fire broke out at a St Kilda restaurant on Friday night, forcing the evacuation of 50 diners. The owners, Gail and Kevin Donovan, have no idea how the fire started but have assured the public that they will rebuild the restaurant "bigger and better". The incident comes just months after Melbourne's iconic Stokehouse restaurant was destroyed by a fire in January this year. The Donovans have said that they have been in contact with the owners of the Stokehouse and have received encouragement and support from the community. The fire started around 7pm at the St Kilda restaurant, which is popular for its seafood and waterfront location. The diners were quickly evacuated without any injuries. The fire brigade arrived on the scene and extinguished the fire within an hour. The cause of the fire is still unknown, but authorities have confirmed that it started in the kitchen. The damage to the restaurant is extensive, with the roof and some of the walls completely destroyed. The Donovans have stated that they will work with their insurance company to see what can be salvaged and what needs to be rebuilt. Despite the devastation, the Donovans remain optimistic and have already started planning for the restaurant's future. "We're devastated by what's happened, but we know that we can come back from this," said Gail Donovan. "We've got a lot of support from the community and we're determined to rebuild the restaurant even better than before." The St Kilda restaurant has been a popular destination for diners in Melbourne for over a decade. The waterfront location and fresh seafood have attracted locals and tourists alike. The Donovans have promised to keep their customers updated on the progress of the rebuild and hope to reopen as soon as possible. The incident is a reminder of the fragility of businesses, particularly in the hospitality industry, and the importance of having insurance in place. The Donovans have advised other business owners to make sure that they have adequate insurance coverage to protect their business in the event of an emergency. In the meantime, the community has rallied to support the Donovans, with many expressing their sadness over the fire and their eagerness to see the restaurant rebuilt. The Donovans have said that they are grateful for the support and that it has been a source of comfort during the difficult time.