article: Gus Poyet is refusing to discuss individual names for fear of missing out on yet more transfer targets. The Uruguayan is concerned that information is leaking out of the club and will investigate the source of such. Sunderland are in talks with Inter Milan winger Ricky Alvarez over a loan move and, with defender Valentin Roberge set for a return to France, they will turn to Celtic’s £6million-rated Virgil van Dijk as replacement. Scared: Poyet says there could be a leak at Sunderland, and is investigating . Oops: Sunderland missed out on Napoli striker Eduardo Vargas, who signed for QPR this week . But Poyet – who lost Napoli striker Eduardo Vargas to QPR last week – remains nervous as the transfer window enters its final weekend. ‘I don’t want to lose any more targets. When you mention a name then someone else gets involved,’ he said. ‘Another club gets involved, the player wants more money and in the end he doesn’t come.’ He went on: ‘In the last week or 10 days we've been very close to things but they didn't happen. It's not good enough if we don't add to the squad. ‘It's about having the right squad to go from here to January and that's the key and we're working on it. ‘We've been through many things, looking at price and, over the next few years, if you'll get money back.’ Meanwhile, Poyet has reacted to news of Jack Colback’s call-up to the England squad. The Newcastle midfielder only left Sunderland during the summer, and Poyet said: ‘I think Jack will agree with us that he spent all his career here and he knows how much this football club helped him and built him into the player he is today. Call-up: Poyet believes that Jack Colback is in the national side '98%' because of Sunderland's influence . ‘If he’s in the national team, how much is up to Sunderland and how much up to Newcastle? ‘In my opinion it’s 98 per cent to Sunderland and two per cent to Newcastle. He’ s been there two-and-a-half minutes and he’s in the national team. ‘That’s what he’s done as a player here, not from what he’s done in the last month and a half.’
highlights: Sunderland missed out on Napoli striker Eduardo Vargas last week . Poyet is concerned that information is leaking out of the club . Sunderland are in talks over a loan move from Ricky Alvarez . It is also thought that a £6m move for Celtic's Virgil van Dijk is being lined up .
id: 161627ab08cad94d000408c6b5c3eeaa21b42993
chatgpt: Sunderland Football Club has missed out on the opportunity to sign Napoli striker Eduardo Vargas last week. The club was hopeful of securing the services of the Chilean international player, but it seems they were pipped to the post by another team. Reports suggest that Sunderland manager, Gus Poyet, is worried that information is leaking out of the club. He has expressed his concerns, stating that he wants to keep his transfer dealings private to avoid losing out on potential signings in future. The club has had a disappointing start to the season and Poyet is keen to strengthen his squad ahead of the transfer deadline. Despite the setback, Sunderland is still in talks over a loan move for Ricky Alvarez. The Inter Milan attacking midfielder is expected to join the Black Cats on a season-long loan deal. Sunderland has been in the market for attacking players all summer, and Alvarez would add some much-needed firepower to their squad. In addition to the loan deal, it is believed that Sunderland is considering a £6m move for Celtic's Virgil van Dijk. The Dutch defender is highly sought after in the transfer market, and it would be a major coup for Sunderland to secure his services. The 24-year-old is known for his physicality and aerial ability and would be a great addition to the Sunderland defence. Sunderland has been active in the transfer market all summer, with the club bringing in several new players. Jack Rodwell, Jordi Gomez, and Costel Pantilimon have all joined the club, but there is still a sense that they need more quality in their squad to compete in the Premier League. The club will be hoping that they can secure the signings of Ricky Alvarez and Virgil van Dijk before the transfer deadline passes. Manager Gus Poyet is under pressure to deliver positive results after the club narrowly avoided relegation last season. He will be hoping that his transfer dealings will provide the spark needed to push his team up the table this season. In conclusion, Sunderland may have missed out on Eduardo Vargas, but with talks ongoing for Ricky Alvarez and Virgil van Dijk, there is still hope of strengthening the squad before the transfer window closes. Gus Poyet will be hoping that the leaks from the club will not jeopardize any potential deals and that he can steer his team to a successful season.