article: (CNN) -- An attorney for a 14-year-old Australian, accused of marijuana possession in Indonesia, is hoping to avoid a prison sentence for his client and have the boy released to undergo drug rehabilitation. The teen, whose name has not been publicly released, could face a minimum of four years in prison, according to Bali police. The teen has been held since his arrest last week in Bali's Kuta street area. "We are still investigating on his involvement for carrying, using and having the narcotics," said Bali police spokesman Hariadi, who, like many Indonesians, uses only one name. Indonesia's drug laws are among the strictest in the world. But they do have a provision, article 128, under which those arrested with small amounts of drugs can be released to rehabilitation if they can prove they are an addict. In the case of underage offenders, that requires a declaration from the youth's parents, officials said. Mulyadi, superintendent of Bali's police drug squad, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) that the teen will be dealt with under the law applying to minors needing treatment for a drug problem. His parents would have to ensure he completes rehabilitation, Mulyadi said, and if they fail to report regularly they could face jail time. Michael Tene, spokesman for Indonesia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said Friday that the nation's policy on drug offenses is clear. "I believe everybody should know by now that illegal drugs in Indonesia will face a really severe penalty," he said. The boy's attorney, Mohammad Rifan, said that he and the Australian Embassy are concerned about the junior high school student's rights as a juvenile. Greg Moriarty, Australia's ambassador to Indonesia, met with Mulyadi for nearly an hour Monday, the ABC reported, and spoke to the youth for a second time. "We've talked to the Indonesian authorities about the range of issues, with our primary focus being the welfare of this boy and his family," Moriarty told the ABC. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard spoke to the teenager on the phone, the ABC said. Gillard's office told the network that she offered reassurance to the youth, who was on holiday with his parents in Bali when arrested. However, Julie Bishop, deputy opposition leader, accused both Gillard and Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd of competing for media attention over the case. -- Journalist Meidyana Rayana contributed to this report.
highlights: The teen's attorneys are trying to help him avoid prison . He was arrested last week, police say . Australian officials say they're working to get the boy home .
id: abd47eafcdcbb2303a048eced2f4ebf8ac7e4409
chatgpt: Australian officials are working to bring a teenage boy home after he was arrested last week in a foreign country. The boy's attorneys are reportedly trying to keep him from being sent to prison if he is found guilty of the charges against him. According to police, the 17-year-old boy was taken into custody last week on charges of drug trafficking. He was reportedly caught with a significant amount of an illicit substance, and authorities believe he was attempting to smuggle the drugs into the country. The boy's attorneys are now working to help him avoid being sent to prison if he is found guilty of the charges. They are reportedly exploring a number of legal options that could be used to secure his release or prevent him from serving time in prison. Australian officials have also become involved in the case, and are doing everything they can to bring the boy back home. They have been in contact with foreign officials and are working to secure the necessary paperwork to allow the boy to return to Australia. A spokesperson for the Australian government issued a statement saying that they were providing consular assistance to the boy and his family, and would continue to work with foreign officials to ensure that he is dealt with fairly and justly. The news of the boy's arrest has sparked concern among many Australians, with some calling for greater protections for young people who find themselves in legal trouble overseas. In recent years, there have been a number of cases involving Australian citizens who have been arrested and imprisoned in foreign countries. In some cases, these individuals have been subjected to harsh treatment and have been denied access to basic legal rights. The Australian government has been criticized for not doing enough to help these individuals, and there have been calls for the government to do more to protect the rights of its citizens when they are traveling abroad. As the case of this young boy continues to unfold, many Australians are following the story closely and are hoping for a positive outcome. While the situation is undoubtedly challenging, there are many who are working hard to ensure that the boy is treated fairly and justly throughout the legal process.