article: By . Joe Strange . Follow @@Joe_Strange . Liverpool have announced the signing of Atletico Madrid defender Javier Manquillo on a loan deal. The right-back will provide competition for Glen Johnson as Brendan Rodgers continues to strengthen his squad ahead of the new season. Manquillo, who is only 20, was released by Real Madrid at 14 but has since represented Spain at every youth level between Under 16 and Under 20. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Javier Manquillo join Liverpool on loan from Atletico Madrid . New boy: Liverpool have announced the signing of Atletico Madrid right-back Javier Manquillo on loan . Pen to paper: Manquillo smiles as he signs the deal taking him to Anfield on a temporary basis . Thumbs up: Manquillo believes Liverpool are one of the biggest clubs in Europe . Big opportunity: Manquillo (left) will provide competition for England's Glen Johnson next season . Incoming: Manquillo posed for a selfie with a fan after arriving on Merseyside for his medical . Click here to find out everything you need to know about Liverpool's latest signing. He became part of Atleti's youth set-up after leaving Real and established himself as the club's second choice right-back behind Juanfran last season, despite making only three La Liga appearances. Manquillo, who has become Liverpool's seventh summer signing, told Liverpoolfc.com: 'I'm very happy to have signed for a club like Liverpool. I think it's one of the biggest in Europe. Any footballer would want to come and play here. 'When they tell you Liverpool want to sign you, I think like any player, you are going to be absolutely amazed and you don't think of anything else than going straight there. 'It's a team that nowadays, as I said before, any player would want to be a part of.' Arsenal, as well as other clubs from around Europe, were interested in Manquillo but he opted for a temporary switch to Anfield. Barcelona had considered including Manquillo in their negotiations  with Atletico over David Villa last summer, but a deal could not be found. New name: Manquillo has become Liverpool's seventh signing of the summer transfer window . Limited: Manquillo will be hoping for a chance to impress after making three La Liga appearances last term . VIDEO Rodgers positive heading into the new season .
highlights: Manquillo becomes Liverpool's seventh summer signing . The 20-year-old will compete with Glen Johnson for the right-back spot . He made just four appearances for Atletico last season . Spaniard says 'any footballer would want to come and play here'
id: 70bbf0afc5b09cdfc9b7e9e30bcb67e8e9ad1d97
chatgpt: Liverpool Football Club has continued to strengthen its squad ahead of the upcoming season by securing the services of Spanish right-back, Javier Manquillo. The 20-year-old becomes the seventh summer signing for the club, who are eager to mount a serious title challenge under Brendan Rodgers. Manquillo joins Liverpool on a two-year loan deal from Spanish giants Atletico Madrid, where he made just four appearances last season. The Spaniard is expected to be a direct competition for Glen Johnson, who struggled with injuries last term. Speaking to the Liverpool website, Manquillo expressed his delight at joining the club, saying, "any footballer would want to come and play here. The Premier League is the best league in the world, and Liverpool is a massive club with incredible history." While Manquillo admitted that he faces a tough competition with Johnson for the right-back position, he is confident in his ability to make an impact at Liverpool. "I know that I need to work hard and give my best every day to have a chance to play," he said. "But I'm ready for the challenge." Manquillo's signing adds depth to Liverpool's defence, which has been a cause for concern under Rodgers. Last season, Liverpool conceded 50 goals in the Premier League, the highest total among the top five teams. Liverpool's Director of Football, Ian Ayre, hailed Manquillo's arrival, saying, "we're always looking to strengthen the squad and this signing does that. Javier is a talented young player who we believe has a bright future ahead of him." Manquillo's loan deal includes an option for Liverpool to make the transfer permanent at the end of the two-year spell. The Spaniard becomes Liverpool's second loan signing of the summer, following the arrival of Serbian winger Lazar Markovic from Benfica. Liverpool will be hoping that Manquillo can help them mount a serious title challenge this season, with the likes of Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal expected to provide stiff competition. The Reds last won the title in 1990 and will be hoping to end their long wait for the trophy with their new acquisition.