article: (CNN) -- Josh Hardy, the 7-year-old boy whose parents fought to get him an experimental antiviral drug, is recovering well -- sitting up on his own and even taking a few steps with the help of a walker and his parents' supportive arms. "He's getting stronger every day," says his mother, Aimee Hardy. "We're completely optimistic and hopeful that he'll make a full recovery with no disabilities." Josh was in critical condition and near death in March when the drug company Chimerix denied him the use of its drug brincidofovir. A few days later, following reports by CNN and intense pressure from social media, Chimerix reversed course and allowed Josh and other patients like him to become part of its clinical trials. Josh was released from St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, last month but continues to receive care there. Drug brings remarkable improvement for boy . He, his parents and three brothers, who live in Virginia, are now staying at an apartment near the hospital. His mother says he won't be healthy enough to return home until next month at the earliest. Before receiving brincidofovir, an adenovirus was ravaging Josh's immune system, left vulnerable by treatment for cancer, and the only available antiviral drug to treat it wasn't working. Once he started taking brincidofovir, the adenovirus was gone from Josh's blood in two weeks. "It's truly a miracle drug," his mother says. While the adenovirus has disappeared, Josh is still suffering the effects of the medication his doctors gave him as a second-choice drug when he wasn't allowed to take brincidofovir. He now receives blood transfusions once a week and dialysis three times a week. He has to be fed intravenously. But there are signs his kidneys are beginning to work. "On Easter Sunday he peed 110 milliliters at one time and I said, 'Oh, thank you!' " his mother says. Dying patients denied drugs . Traditionally, drug companies have not been allowed to treat so-called "compassionate use" patients such as Josh as study subjects, so helping them out has been pure charity work on behalf of the drug company. But the Food and Drug Aministration allowed Chimerix to use data from Josh and others as part of its application to the agency, helping to get the drug on the market faster. The Hardys said they were saddened to hear that Kenneth Moch, who as president of Chimerix initially denied them the drug but eventually helped Josh get it, is no longer with the company. According to Chimerix, Moch resigned "to pursue other interests." "I feel terrible. I feel like it was our fault," Aimee Hardy says. "He's a genuine guy who was just put in a bad situation." Moch says he's looking for a new job. "The Hardy family should feel no responsibility for this whatsoever, and I appreciate their kind thoughts," Moch says. "I'm collateral damage from a very complex situation." Josh Hardy's father says son faces 'long road to recovery'
highlights: Josh Hardy, 7, received an experimental drug after a public outcry . Once near death, Josh is recovering well and is out of the hospital, his mother says . Ex-drug company president who resigned afterward says he is "collateral damage"
id: 42d2361d1fcc8a102b70ec9e87b9b5cb7a7400dc
chatgpt: After a public outcry, 7-year-old Josh Hardy received an experimental drug that his family was convinced could save his life. Now, months later, Josh is out of the hospital and on the road to recovery. His mother, Aimee, says that Josh is doing incredibly well and that the family is grateful for the outpouring of support they received during their darkest days. Josh's story began in February of 2014 when he was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer called adenovirus. The cancer attacked Josh's bone marrow and left him with a weakened immune system that made it impossible for his body to fight off the disease. Despite receiving chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant, Josh's condition continued to deteriorate until doctors had exhausted all their treatment options. That's when Josh's parents discovered an experimental drug called brincidofovir, which had reportedly shown promise in treating adenovirus. The drug had only been used in a handful of patients, but Josh's parents were desperate and convinced that it was their only hope. The problem was that the drug was made by Chimerix, a company that had stopped providing the drug to Josh's doctors. Chimerix's CEO, Kenneth Moch, defended the decision, saying that the company had a responsibility to focus on the needs of all its patients, not just one. But that didn't sit well with those who rallied around Josh's cause. A social media campaign, led by Josh's family and friends, drew national attention to the young boy's plight. Celebrities and politicians got involved, adding their voices to the chorus of those urging Chimerix to reconsider its decision. Even the FDA weighed in, suggesting that the drug could be made available to Josh as part of a clinical trial. Finally, after weeks of public pressure, Chimerix relented and provided the drug to Josh's doctors. The boy began treatment in April and quickly showed signs of improvement. By May, Josh was well enough to leave the hospital and continue his recovery at home. But the drama didn't end there. In the aftermath of the controversy, Chimerix's president and CEO, Kenneth Moch, resigned his position. In an interview with the New York Times, Moch said that he had become "collateral damage" in the heated debate over Josh's treatment. Moch explained that he had made the decision to stop providing the drug to Josh's doctors based on the advice of medical experts. "It was a very difficult, gut-wrenching decision," Moch said. "But I thought it was the right thing to do." Despite the controversy that surrounded Josh's treatment, his family is overjoyed by the progress he has made. Aimee Hardy says that Josh is now a healthy, happy boy who is enjoying life like any other 7-year-old. "We are incredibly grateful for the support we received from so many people," Aimee told reporters. "It's amazing to see what can happen when people come together to help someone in need."