article: Colorado's tax revenue from its much-vaunted legalization of marijuana has fallen far short of estimates. Original projections for taxes to Colorado for recreational marijuana were $33.5 million for the just-ended fiscal year. Governor John Hickenlooper's office predicted $100 million. The state hoped to appeal to locals and marijuana tourists alike with its legalize-and-tax tactic, but so far, results have been sluggish. Scroll down for video . Revenue: Tax revenue from legal sales of marijuana has fallen short of the $33.5 million estimated (pictured: the Evergreen Apothecary in Denver, Colorado) Governor John Hickenlooper, who signed the measures to implement marijuana legalization in the state, predicted that Colorado would gain $100 million from the taxes. The actual amount in retail sales and excise tax came in at just over $12 million, according to Colorado Department of Revenue. State Representative Dan Pabon said it might be time to look at medical marijuana. Pabon chairs a special legislative committee on marijuana revenue that met for the first time Tuesday. A market study for the state found that the lower-taxed medical-marijuana market continues to outpace the recreational market in sales. Recreational sales are expected to grow, but Forbes reports that only an estimated 60 per cent of marijuana purchases this year will be through legal channels. Part of the reason is likely to be cost. Black market: It's estimated that only 60 per cent of marijuana sales in Colorado are through legal channels, rather than legal retailers such as the Evergreen Apothecary in Denver (pictured) In Colorado, there’s a 2.9 per cent sales tax and a 10 per cent marijuana sales tax. Forbes reports that there is also a 15 per cent excise tax on the average market rate of retail marijuana. Altogether, that's almost 30 per cent tax. It could indicate that people are reselling their medical marijuana, obtained at a 2.9 per cent tax rate, on to the public. State economists are coming out with new forecast next month using the data from the first six months of sales. 'If another lawmaker from a different state came to me and said, "I want legal marijuana sales because of the tax revenue for my state," I'd certainly make it known for them to take caution. It's not what people expected,' said Pabon.
highlights: Tax estimates for Colorado's recreational marijuana industry were $33.5 million . Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper predicted the state would gain $100 million from marijuana taxes . The actual tax amount came in at just $12 million . Taxes on recreational marijuana add up to almost 30 per cent . Medical marijuana is taxed at just 2.9 per cent . Only about 60 per cent of recreational purchases are through legal channels .
id: 62b7b05f7d1d03486f02f5cc0adae4bd242e6a0e
chatgpt: The state of Colorado had high hopes for the tax revenue that would come from the legal sale of recreational marijuana. However, the numbers have come up short. Governor John Hickenlooper predicted that the state would gain $100 million annually from marijuana taxes. Tax estimates for the industry were set at $33.5 million. But, the actual tax amount only came in at $12 million. The difference is significant and has been a surprise for both lawmakers and those working in the industry. Recreational marijuana is taxed much higher than medical marijuana in Colorado. Taxes on recreational marijuana add up to almost 30 percent, whereas medical marijuana is taxed at just 2.9 percent. This has led some to argue that the high tax rates are driving consumers to purchase marijuana through illegal channels to avoid the high taxes. According to some estimates, only about 60 percent of recreational purchases are through legal channels. The rest are made through illegal channels. The black market for marijuana is estimated to be worth $6.5 billion in the United States. High tax rates in recreational states like Colorado could be driving more consumers to purchase through underground networks. The marijuana industry in Colorado is still growing, but it is not yet the cash cow that some lawmakers had hoped it would be. The state is still collecting millions of dollars in tax revenue from the industry, but it is falling far short of earlier predictions. Some people are pointing to the slow rollout of legal dispensaries in the state as a factor in the lower-than-expected tax revenue. Others say that Colorado may have overestimated the demand for marijuana. Whatever the reason, the numbers are clear: the tax revenue from recreational marijuana in Colorado has fallen well below estimates. Lawmakers and industry leaders are looking at ways to increase legal purchases and boost revenue, including possibly lowering the tax rates. However, any changes in the tax structure would have to be approved by voters, making it a contentious issue. Despite the challenges, the marijuana industry in Colorado remains a significant part of the state's economy. It is providing jobs and opportunities for businesses to grow. However, the industry may need to reassess its expectations for tax revenue in the years to come.