article: By . Simon Tomlinson . Last updated at 5:40 PM on 20th November 2011 . Geared up: NHS paramedics are being issued with bullet-proof jackets like this one in case they have to respond with a Mumbai-style attack in Britain . Paramedics will be issued with bullet-proof jackets and trained to respond to a Mumbai-style terror attack, it emerged today. NHS volunteers are being trained to deal with the aftermath of a 'marauding terrorist gun attack' like the one which left 164 dead in the Indian city in 2008. Most will be trained to treat battlefield casualties over the next four years. However, body armour and initial guidance has already been given to small teams of ambulance and fire crews in key areas. The policy was mooted in a Home Office paper in the summer and confirmed for the first time by the Department of Health this weekend. 'The government has to prepare for the worst and we also need to be certain that lessons are learnt from previous terrorist attacks at home and abroad,' the department told The Sunday Times. 'Where specialist ambulance crews may be asked to respond to incidents involving firearms, it is necessary that they receive proper training and are provided with appropriate personal protective equipment.' The move, which according to one military source was designed to replicate protection given to the army, was applauded by former terrorism czar Lord Carlile as a 'very sensible precaution'. Worst-case scenario: A victim of a gun attack lies on a hospital bed at the St George's hospital in Mumbai, India, in November 2008. Indian medics had to treat the dying and injured in perilous conditions . Disaster zone: A policeman stands guard after shootings at a railway station in Mumbai. The response to the atrocities was far more like going into battle . It harks back to the days of the Troubles in Northern Ireland when bullet-proof jackets were used by ambulance staff at the height of the conflict. However, this is the first time the equipment has been given to medics on the mainland. The atrocities, which had been planned for a long time in advance, involved 10 co-ordinated bombing and shooting assaults by Islamists on hotels and restaurants in the country's largest city. Scotland Yard has been warning hotels, restaurants and financial companies about the possibility of copycat attacks in Britain. On the front line: Paramedics are afforded a reasonable amount of protection when dealing with dangerous incidents, but the government believes this should go a step further amid terror threats to Britain .
highlights: NHS volunteers to be trained to deal with 'marauding gun rampage' Body armour already issued to medics and fire officers in key areas . Department of Health: 'We have to prepare for worst' Co-ordinated bombings and shootings left 164 dead  in Indian city in 2008 .
id: 6e94194d816dabdd0f0158c2e8e404825e27e0e0
chatgpt: NHS volunteers are in line to receive training to help them deal with the aftermath of a 'marauding gun rampage' in the UK. The decision comes following advice from the Department of Health that the UK is not immune to the kind of co-ordinated attacks seen in other countries. These included bombings and shootings that resulted in the death of 164 people in Mumbai, India in 2008. As part of the new initiative to protect the UK, medics and fire officers in key areas have already been issued with body armour to protect them should they need to enter an area affected by a shooting. Speaking about the decision to train volunteers, a spokesperson for the Department of Health said: "We have to prepare for the worst case scenario, and that includes being ready for a marauding gun attack. We want to make sure that the people who are called upon to respond to these sorts of situations are as well prepared as possible." The spokesperson added that the decision had not been taken lightly, but that it was necessary to ensure that the UK was as well prepared as possible for such an eventuality. Volunteers will receive training on how to assist medics and other emergency services in the case of a gun attack. This will include learning about the best way to approach a situation where someone may be hurt, as well as how to provide assistance to those who are injured. Experts have warned that marauding gun attacks are not just an issue in other countries. Recent years have seen a number of high-profile incidents in the UK that have highlighted the threat posed by lone attackers. In March 2017, Khalid Masood drove a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before attacking police officers with a knife. Five people, including Masood, were killed in the attack. In January 2018, Darren Osborne drove a van into a group of worshippers outside a mosque in Finsbury Park, London. One person was killed and nine others were injured in the attack. The new training programme for NHS volunteers is part of a wider initiative to ensure that the UK is as well prepared as possible for any future threats. This has included the introduction of new laws to tackle terrorism, as well as increased funding for the police and other emergency services. While it's hoped that the kind of attacks seen in other countries will never happen in the UK, the government is taking no chances when it comes to the safety of its citizens. By training volunteers to provide assistance in the aftermath of a marauding gun attack, the UK is better equipped than ever to deal with any potential threat.