article: You'd be forgiven for thinking that paying for excess baggage on skiing holidays would ensure guests leave with everything they arrived with. But ski resorts have seen a record amount of lost property this season with some bizarre items left behind beggaring belief, according to one specialist tour operator. Crystal Ski Holidays has compiled a lost property inventory from December to January that ranges from predictable apparel such as goggles and long johns to dentures and a frightening number of mankinis. Not a pretty sight: A tour operator says ski resorts have found 13 forgotten 'manikinis' since December . Staff at resorts found 13 mankinis left behind in guests' rooms this season alone . Three pairs of Spanx, two unwrapped Christmas presents, a customised flute, a set of dentures and a life-size cutout of EastEnders character Lucy Beale, played by actress Hetti Bywater, have also been discovered. The list of items includes 98 Santa hats, 756 empty bottles of alcohol and a walking stick. Crystal Ski Holidays has discovered a myriad of bizarre items left by guests, including 17 selfie sticks . The strange list included a life-size cutout of actress Hetti Bywater (left) and a child's doll (right) 12 Pairs of ski goggles . 13 Mankinis . 1 Lucy Beal life-size cut out . 1 flute . 1 Set of dentures . 17 Selfie sticks . 1 Fire constabulary badge . 15 Pairs of long Johns . 1 Walking stick . 3 Pairs of spanx . 98 Santa hats . 4 Christmas Jumpers . 756 Empty bottles of alcohol . 2 Unwrapped Christmas Presents . 1 Bag of nail polishes . Source: Crystal Ski Holidays . A spokesperson for Crystal Ski Holidays said: 'With our resorts accommodating more than several hundred-thousand guests this season, its unsurprising that so much lost property was left behind, however some of the more bizarre items have caused disbelief for our staff. 'We expect a number of ski-related items to be left behind, but the life-size cut out of Lucy Beale was somewhat of a surprise, especially as none of our staff saw "her" entering the chalet. 'We can confirm she was still in good condition when we found her.' The spokesperson added: 'What has been interesting in the finds is that you can start to track the trends of our customers. 'Despite Borat being released in the cinema nearly 10 years ago, the mankini is still a "style" trend, and the selfie stick, which was touted as the "must-have" Christmas present was obviously not popular with 17 of our customers.' A similar study by travel website SkyScanner investigated the unusual things left behind on planes. It found that passengers had discarded or forgotten to take with them a wedding ring, trombone, false teeth and even a fridge.
highlights: Operators say a record amount of lost property has been left behind . Crystal Ski Holidays has recovered a number of eccentric items this season . List includs Spanx, Christmas jumpers, dentures and  a flute .
id: 558a2a425e0cc21a612ef9d51e40f5fb277605c7
chatgpt: Crystal Ski Holidays, one of the most popular operators in the ski industry, has reported an unprecedented surge in the amount of lost property recovered this winter season. According to the company, a variety of obscure items have been left behind by passengers, ranging from Spanx to Christmas jumpers and even dentures. This year's lost and found list was not only extensive but also included some of the more eccentric items ever reported. Some of the weirdest items included a flute, which was discovered on the ski slopes by resort staff, and various other pieces of clothing such as hats, gloves, and scarves.  However, the most surprising discovery made by Crystal Ski Holidays was the recovery of a pair of Spanx. The owner of the shapewear, thought to be a woman, was likely caught out on the slopes by the sudden melt in temperatures. The undergarment was found in a small bag next to the ski resort's lost property box, indicating that the owner probably had no idea where to return the item. Another noteworthy item on this year's list was dentures, which were recovered from the resort's ski lifts. The notion of losing dentures might seem bizarre, but it highlights how vulnerable some people are when taking part in activities that require them to remove their teeth. The lucky owner of the dentures was relieved upon hearing the news of their recovery, describing the missing teeth as "essential for eating solid foods". Crystal Ski Holidays' workforce are used to seeing items such as phones, wallets and cameras in the lost and found, but the company’s spokesperson, Sarah Danso, stated that this year's most bizarre finds were different from previous years. "We’re finding some really unusual items in the lost property box, which makes me think that perhaps people are being a bit more adventurous on the slopes this year," Ms Danso said.  Surprisingly, however, the most commonplace item on this year's list was the ever-popular Christmas jumper. Crystal Ski Holidays reported that a number of festive jumpers had been left behind by excited skiers, who perhaps got too carried away with the holiday spirit. Based on the sheer scale and variety of items found this season, it is clear that skiers are pushing the limits of what they can get up to on the mountains. Finding more than just the common wallets and phones can be a significant relief, as some of the lost items recovered by Crystal Ski Holidays are very valuable and can have sentimental value to their owners. While skiers are out having fun, the resort staff comes to their aid when unexpected situations arise, such as lost items. Crystal Ski Holidays' commitment to tracking down lost possessions and returning them to their owners is a testament to their dedication to keeping their customers happy.