article: (CNN) -- Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, said Tuesday Congress should "use all means necessary" to prevent President Barack Obama from granting what Cruz considers amnesty to more immigrants who are in the country illegally. He said it would be "appropriate" to include a provision that would block the President from doing so in a critical government-funding bill that Congress must approve this month. Democrats immediately seized on the issue and charged that Cruz wants to shut down the government by attaching a "poison pill" to the funding bill, which is known as a continuing resolution or CR. Cruz was at the center of last year's government shutdown, which Democrats believe did long term damage to the GOP. "It's another Ted Cruz hostage situation. Last October he held the entire federal government hostage to his ideology and now he's willing to do it again," the chairman of the House Democrats' campaign arm, Rep. Steve Israel, D-New York told CNN. Despite Cruz's tough talk, there appears to be no appetite even among some of the House conservatives who pushed for a confrontation last fall to have a fight on the spending bill this close to the election. In the Senate, GOP Leader Mitch McConnell said he wouldn't allow another shutdown to happen. Still, Israel maintained, "it's deja vu all over again. In October as they were shutting down the government, they said they wouldn't shut down the government. They just can't be trusted." House Republicans are expected to vote Thursday on a bill to extend current government-funding levels through December 11. At issue are GOP concerns the President will expand his use of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which conservatives consider amnesty. That's because earlier this summer the President vowed to use executive authority to take a number of steps related to immigration since Congress was gridlocked on the issue. The President has since said he won't take any unilateral action until after the midterm election. 5 reasons Obama's delay on immigration is political . But Cruz said Tuesday Republicans should use "every tool at our disposal" including the CR. "I think we should use any and all means necessary to prevent the President from illegally granting amnesty. That certainly, I think, would be appropriate to include in the CR," Cruz said at a news conference. "But I think we should use every -- every -- tool at our disposal." Cruz declined to say if he would vote against the CR unless the provision is in the bill. "Let's wait to see what's in the CR," Cruz said. "I have a habit of waiting to see what's in legislation before I make a decision about whether I will support it or not." How far can the President go on executive actions?
highlights: Cruz says "any and all means necessary" should be used to stop "illegally granting amnesty" Democrats say Cruz wants a government shutdown . He was at the center of last year's shutdown . "It's deja vu all over again," says a Democratic congressional leader .
id: f6fc47280a0571a095b54b5a6a6517f361fa60b0
chatgpt: Texas Senator Ted Cruz has once again caused a stir in Washington, D.C. with his recent comments on stopping the alleged "illegally granting amnesty" by the Obama administration. Cruz is advocating for "any and all means necessary" to prevent what he sees as an overreach of executive power. Cruz's comments have been met with swift condemnation from Democrats, who see his stance as leading the United States down the path to yet another government shutdown. The Senator was at the center of last year's shutdown, which caused widespread frustration and financial burden for many Americans. "It's deja vu all over again," says a leading Democratic congressional leader, who believes that Cruz's statements are nothing but political grandstanding. Many Republicans, however, believe that Cruz is taking a strong stance on what they see as an important issue. The Senator has long been a fierce opponent of President Obama's policies on immigration, particularly his executive orders that allow certain undocumented immigrants to remain in the country without fear of deportation. Cruz believes that these actions are illegal and that Congress needs to take action to stop them. "It is the job of Congress to set the nation's immigration policy," Cruz said in a recent interview. "We cannot allow the President to unilaterally change the law to suit his own agenda." Many Democrats, however, believe that Cruz's calls for Congress to take action are just a cover for his true intention – to shut down the government once again. They argue that his uncompromising stance on the issue is only meant to score political points with his base, rather than to come to a meaningful solution on the issue of immigration. The debate on immigration has been ongoing for several years now, with Republicans and Democrats unable to come to a consensus on how to address the issue. Many believe that the issue has become too politicized, with each side unwilling to compromise on their positions. Some prominent Republicans have voiced their support for Cruz's stance, however, arguing that the President's actions on immigration are a threat to the constitutional separation of powers. They believe that Congress must act to stop the executive branch from overstepping its bounds, even if it means shutting down the government once again. The debate on immigration policy is sure to continue well into the future, with both sides becoming more entrenched as time goes on. For now, it remains to be seen whether or not Cruz's hardline stance on the issue will be enough to prevent what he sees as illegal actions by the Obama administration, or whether it will only lead to yet another government shutdown that will only cause more chaos and confusion for the American people.