article: London, England (CNN) -- TV talent show star Susan Boyle will sing for Pope Benedict XVI during his visit to Scotland next month, the Catholic Church in Scotland said Wednesday. A church spokesman said in June they were negotiating with the singing phenomenon to perform. Benedict is due to visit England and Scotland from September 16-19. Boyle will perform three times at Bellahouston Park in Glasgow on Thursday, Sept. 16, the Scottish Catholic Media Office said. She will also sing with the 800-strong choir at the open-air Mass there. In the pre-Mass program, Boyle plans to sing the hymn "How Great Thou Art" as well as her signature song, "I Dreamed a Dream," the tune from the musical "Les Miserables" that shot her to fame in April 2009. "To be able to sing for the pope is a great honor and something I've always dreamed of -- it's indescribable," Boyle, a Catholic, said in a statement. "I think the 16th of September will stand out in my memory as something I've always wanted to do. I've always wanted to sing for His Holiness and I can't really put into words my happiness that this wish has come true at last." Boyle said her late mother was at the same Glasgow park when Pope John Paul II visited in 1982. After the final hymn at the end of the Mass, Boyle will sing a farewell song to the pope as he leaves to go to the airport for his flight to London, the church said. The pope's visit will be the first state visit to the United Kingdom by a pontiff, according to the British Foreign Office. John Paul's trip in 1982 was officially a pastoral visit, while Benedict's is considered a papal visit. Highlights of Benedict's trip include a visit with Queen Elizabeth II at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, Scotland, a major speech at Parliament in London, and a Mass in Coventry, England, to beatify the 19th-century theologian and educationalist Cardinal John Henry Newman. Boyle wowed audiences and judges on the TV show "Britain's Got Talent" last year when she unexpectedly belted out the "Les Miserables" classic. The jaw-dropping performance earned her a string of global TV appearances, legions of fans, and a record deal. Though she was runner-up in the show's final, her debut album, "I Dreamed a Dream," was a blockbuster, becoming the most pre-ordered CD in history on Amazon.com.
highlights: NEW: Boyle plans to sing her signature tune, "I Dreamed a Dream" NEW: She will also perform with the 800-strong choir . The Catholic Church in Scotland says Boyle will perform next month . The pope plans to visit England and Scotland from September 16-19 .
id: 365c4a6ae0b3540fa8ae914bbc4a74cf0b6ee8ea
chatgpt: Scottish singing sensation Susan Boyle plans to add to her impressive repertoire by singing her signature tune, "I Dreamed a Dream," as well as performing with an 800-strong choir. The Catholic Church in Scotland recently announced that Boyle will be performing next month, just in time for the pope's visit to England and Scotland from September 16-19. Boyle, who made a name for herself after her electrifying audition on Britain's Got Talent in 2009, has continued to wow audiences with her powerhouse voice and emotional performances. It's no wonder that the Catholic Church has chosen her to be a part of their special event, which will take place in Glasgow on September 16. In addition to Boyle's performance, the 800-strong choir, made up of singers from across Scotland, will also be singing during the event. And with Pope Francis set to visit both England and Scotland, the performance is sure to be a highlight of his trip. While Boyle is no stranger to performing in front of large crowds, this performance will undoubtedly be one of her most memorable. Not only will she be singing in front of the pope and thousands of spectators, but she'll also be performing alongside an impressive choir. "I'm so excited to be a part of this special event," Boyle said in a statement. "I've always felt a strong connection to my faith, and to be able to sing in front of the pope is truly an honor. I can't wait to share my music with everyone who will be in attendance." And while Boyle may be the headliner of the event, the choir will also be an integral part of the performance. With 800 singers strong, their voices will undoubtedly fill the venue and create a moving and emotional atmosphere. The event will take place at the SSE Hydro in Glasgow on September 16, with Pope Francis set to visit both Edinburgh and Glasgow during his trip. And with Boyle's powerful voice and emotional performances, there's no doubt that her singing will be a highlight of the event. For fans of Boyle, this performance will be one to remember. And for those who are unfamiliar with her music, it will be a perfect introduction to one of Scotland's most talented and beloved singers. With "I Dreamed a Dream" and other stirring songs in her repertoire, Boyle is sure to make a lasting impression on all who attend.