article: (CNN) -- The last of the teams to play their opening match take the pitch, and Brazil and Mexico meet in a battle of the Group A leaders. The last time we saw Algeria, they were stunned by Landon Donovan at South Africa in 2010. They take on Group H favorites Belgium in the first match of the day. After Brazil and Mexico scrap, Russia meets South Korea in the other Group H match. Here's what to look forward to during Tuesday's matches at the World Cup: . Hulk hurts . Against Croatia, Brazilian midfielder Hulk was replaced in the second half by Bernard. During practice Sunday, Hulk was stung by a leg injury and sat out most of the workout. So will Hulk have to take the bench? And will Mexico's Javier Hernandez again play a reserve role? It appears that way. And remember, if either team wins, it will have six points and that likely puts them in the knockout round. New verse, same as the first . Mexico and Brazil meet in Fortaleza, just like last year in the Confederations Cup. That match was also the teams' second group match and it was also played in mid-June. Brazil comfortably won that contest 2-0 and Neymar was man of the match. Brazil will have to play with more passion to have a similar result against a confident Mexican team. Belgian youth . Belgium is one of those opponents that make you say, "No problem," then they go out and beat you 2-0. They are tough on defense and they have some of the best young players in Europe. Some clubs in Belgium are taking in some serious coin because many of their young stars move to England to play. In 2012, a Belgian newspaper totaled the transfer fees and estimated Belgium's top 11 players were third in the world in such payments. Heading the wrong way . South Korea has lost five of its last seven international matches, including a 2-1 loss to Tuesday's opponent, Russia, in November. On the other hand, Russia hasn't lost since August. But Russia is missing injured captain Roman Shirokov and the weather will be much warmer than what their players -- all of whom play domestically -- are used to for game conditions. Reason to love: Algeria . Probably the only team whose national anthem was written in blood, at least that's how the story goes. The words were written in 1956 by Moufdi Zakaria, who was imprisoned in Algiers. Legend has it that he had no pencils or paper so he wrote on the walls of his cell with his blood.
highlights: One of Brazil's stars may have to sit out after a practice injury . Belgium has a youth-filled squad that plays solid defense . South Korea's recent results don't give its fans much hope .
id: 43a0ecc7f5fc8b252cd8507b278e17b1dc1e1b37
chatgpt: Brazil’s hopes of winning the World Cup may have been dashed today, after one of its star players suffered a practice injury. The Brazil squad is one of the strongest in the competition, but the loss of a key player could put its hopes of lifting the trophy in jeopardy. As Brazil looks to regroup after its injury setback, its next opponent, Belgium, is quietly confident of causing an upset. The Belgian squad is composed of a blend of experienced players and emerging young talent, and has been playing solid defense throughout the tournament. South Korea, meanwhile, will be hoping to overcome a recent spell of difficult results as it seeks to avoid an early exit from the tournament. The team’s fans are not optimistic about its chances, and many fear that their team may not make it past the group stages. These three teams will all be in action later this week, as they look to carve out their path to the knockout stages of the competition. Brazil’s injury setback has cast a cloud over its chances, but its players will be hoping to rally around each other and put in a strong performance against their Belgian opponents. Belgium, for its part, will be looking to use its youthful energy and strong defense to counter Brazil’s attacking prowess. Many fans and pundits will be looking to see whether Belgium can live up to its potential and cause an upset in this match. Meanwhile, South Korea will be looking to turn its recent form around as it takes on a strong Mexican side. Despite facing long odds, South Korea’s players are determined to give it their all and make their fans proud. As tensions continue to mount in this year’s World Cup, it is impossible to predict which team will emerge victorious. Each team will be seeking to play to its strengths, and capitalize on any weaknesses shown by its opponents. With so much at stake, all eyes will be on these three teams as they take to the pitch in the coming days.