article: By . Wills Robinson . Mary, Lady Soames, 91, died peacefully at her west London home yesterday evening surrounded by her family, after a short illness . Winston Churchill's last surviving daughter, Mary, Lady Soames, has died at the age of 91. She passed away peacefully at her west London home yesterday evening surrounded by her family, after a short illness. She was the youngest of the five children of the wartime prime minister and his wife Clementine. One of her sons, the Conservative MP Nicholas Soames, said: 'She was a truly remarkable and extraordinary woman, who led a very distinguished life.' Mary Churchill worked for the Red Cross and the Women's Voluntary Service from 1939 to 1941, and joined the Auxiliary Territorial Service with whom she served in London, Belgium and Germany in mixed anti-aircraft batteries, rising to the rank of Junior Commander (equivalent to Captain). She also accompanied her father as aide-de-camp on several of his overseas journeys, including his post-VE trip to Potsdam, where he met with US president Harry S Truman and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin. She married the Conservative politician Christopher Soames (later Baron Soames) in 1947 and they had five children - Nicholas, Emma, Jeremy, Charlotte and Rupert. Lady Soames served many public organisations, such as the International Churchill Society, as a Patron; Church Army and Churchill Houses; and chaired the Royal National Theatre. She was Patron of the National Benevolent Fund for the Aged. She is pictured with her father at her wedding at St. Margaret's Church, London in 1947 . She was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire for her public service, particularly in Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe, and was appointed a Lady Companion of the Order of the Garter in 2005. She wrote an acclaimed biography of her mother, Clementine Churchill, in 1979, which won a Wolfson Prize, and her own memoirs. Mr Soames said: 'She was not just a wonderful mother to whom we were all devoted, but the head and heart of our family after our father died, and will be greatly missed. 'She was a distinguished writer and led a distinguished life, with her service in the War, and is part of that generation which is passing. 'This is extraordinary timing - just before the anniversary of the Normandy landings, Churchill's last surviving child dies. It is the great swing of history.' She was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire for her public service, particularly in Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe, and was appointed a Lady Companion of the Order of the Garter in 2005 .
highlights: Lady Soames died at her west London home after a short illness . One of her sons MP Nicholas Soames said she was a 'remarkable woman' She worked for the Red Cross and Women's Voluntary Service . Also accompanied her father on several overseas journeys .
id: ffaa0d4e97465cd65dcfbdcdd813bd0ad31b06af
chatgpt: Lady Soames, the daughter of Britain's World War II leader Winston Churchill, has passed away at the age of 91. According to reports, Lady Soames died in her west London home after a short illness. The news of her passing was confirmed by her son, MP Nicholas Soames, who described his mother as a "remarkable woman". Lady Soames was known for her work with the Red Cross and Women's Voluntary Service, and also for accompanying her father on several overseas journeys. Lady Soames was born Mary Churchill in 1922, the fourth child of Winston and Clementine Churchill. Throughout her life, she was proud of her father's legacy and worked tirelessly to promote his achievements and ideals. In an interview in 1991, she said, "He stood for so much that was important to me – courage, determination, loyalty, humor, and an unfailing sense of duty." In addition to her work with charitable organizations, Lady Soames was also a published author. She wrote a biography of her mother, Clementine Churchill, and also edited several collections of her father's writings. Lady Soames was married to Christopher Soames, a Conservative politician who served as Britain's ambassador to France and as a member of the European Commission. The couple had five children together, including Nicholas Soames, who has represented the constituency of Mid Sussex in the House of Commons since 1997. Following news of Lady Soames' passing, tributes have poured in from across the political spectrum. Prime Minister David Cameron described her as a "wonderful woman who led a truly remarkable life". Labour leader Ed Miliband tweeted, "Sad to hear of the passing of Lady Soames – a distinguished citizen, a devoted daughter and a remarkable woman." Lady Soames will be remembered for her many contributions to British society, as well as for her dedication to promoting her father's legacy. As she said in the aforementioned interview, "My father believed that a life worth living was a life dedicated to service – to one's family, to one's country, to the world. I hope that I have been able to follow that example, in my own small way."