article: Italy’s star midfielder is running scared at the prospect of facing England at the World Cup in Brazil and has sought solace with the team priest. Andrea Pirlo has had crisis meetings with squad pastor Don Massimiliano Gabricci amid concerns over his ability to perform on Saturday. He has bared his soul over the break-up of his marriage with Deborah Roversi – after getting close to blonde Valentina Baldini, who he met at his golf club. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Pirlo perform tricks with Philipp Lahm . Pass-master: Pirlo has had crisis meetings over the break-up of his marriage with Deborah Roversi (right) Playing away: Italian midfielder Andrea Pirlo met blonde Valentina Baldini at his golf club . Pirlo's Panenka: The deep-lying playmaker embarrassed Joe Hart with a cheeky chip at Euro 2012 . The midfield pass-master fears his tangled private life could have an impact on his performances on the pitch. Pirlo, 35, terrorised England in the Euro 2012 Championships and any crisis of confidence could be good news for Roy Hodgson's men ahead of their World Cup opener on Saturday night in Manaus. At training camp in Florence, Pirlo and goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who has recently separated from model wife Alena Seredova, were Don Massimiliano’s top priorities. He also attempted to soothe the anxieties of forward Alessio Cerci, who wept on the pitch after missing a crucial penalty in the final match of the Serie A season. He told Italian TV Rai Sport: 'I consoled Cerci on Sunday evening. He is an emotional and sensitive guy, he should not feel ashamed of his mistake. 'This is life, this is football. It’s a pity, but he will do great things at the World Cup.' The team's spiritual father, a close friend of coach Cesare Prandelli, officiated at a special team mass and held a ceremony of blessing for the squad before they left for Brazil. 'I am convinced that Italy will have a great World Cup,' the chaplain said. Danger man: Pirlo, 35, was superb against England when they met in the Euro 2012 quarter-finals . Focus: England have acknowledged that stopping the 35-year-old may be the key to victory on Saturday . 'I'm like part of the team. I always come . to the training camp in Florence. I try and give them advice. I tell . them to treat the experience as a huge adventure. They have a lot on . their shoulders and they need to be serene and happy.' He added: 'They're all good guys, better than some of my parishioners.' The chaplain did not accompany the team to Brazil but is providing spiritual assistance by text message. Pirlo has been married to Roversi for thirteen years and the pair have two children together. The divorce settlement will reportedly cost Pirlo 55,000 Euro a month. Buffon announced his separation from his former Miss Czech Republic wife during training camp.
highlights: Pirlo held crisis talks with squad pastor Don Massimiliano Gabricci . He bared his soul over the break-up of his marriage with Deborah Roversi . Gianluigi Buffon and Alessio Cerci also sought advice from the priest . Pirlo terrorised England at the Euro 2012 Championships . But the midfielder fears his tangled love-life could affect his World Cup . England face Italy on Saturday in both sides' first game .
id: d67b40c207967fd09c0e0698e4c5dbce6a3d5836
chatgpt: Italian national football team coach Andrea Pirlo has reportedly held crisis talks with squad pastor Don Massimiliano Gabricci. The discussions centered on Pirlo baring his soul over the break-up of his marriage with Deborah Roversi. The midfielder voiced his fears about how his tangled love life could affect his performance at the upcoming World Cup in Qatar. The talks were held ahead of Italy's opening game against England on Saturday. The game is set to be a tough encounter, with both sides eager to lay down an early marker in the tournament. Pirlo's concerns regarding his personal life and how it could impact his performance on the pitch are well founded. At Euro 2012, he terrorized England's midfield with his sublime passing and control of the game. However, he now faces a completely different challenge, one that he is not used to dealing with. According to sources, the Juventus legend sought advice from the priest on how to cope with the stress and anxiety that his personal life is causing. He also discussed how he could maintain his focus and concentration during the World Cup. Joining Pirlo in the discussions were Gianluigi Buffon and Alessio Cerci. Both players are seeking advice from the priest on how to deal with different issues affecting their lives. Buffon, who is set to retire at the end of the season, is said to be concerned about life after football. Cerci, on the other hand, is struggling with form and fitness. Italy coach Mancini has been pleased with the team's preparations for the tournament. However, he admits that Pirlo's personal problems represent a headache for him and the team. "Pirlo is a great player and a wonderful person," Mancini told reporters. "But we have to respect his privacy. We will support him as much as we can and hope that he can find a solution to his problems." Italy's World Cup campaign starts with a tough game against England on Saturday. Mancini's men will be hoping to build on their impressive showing at Euro 2020, where they reached the final. However, the loss to England in the final would still be fresh in the mind of the Italian players. The showdown between the two soccer heavyweights promises to be one of the most closely contested games of the tournament so far. Both teams have arguably the best midfields in world football, and the game could be decided in the middle of the park. All eyes will be on Pirlo to see how he performs in the game. The midfielder will have to show that he is capable of leaving his personal issues behind and performing to the best of his ability. In conclusion, Pirlo's crisis talks with squad pastor Don Massimiliano Gabricci highlight how difficult it can be for players to deal with personal problems during major international tournaments. The Italy midfielder will be hoping that the discussions will help him to put his personal problems behind him and focus on the task at hand. All football fans will be eagerly anticipating the clash between Italy and England on Saturday, looking forward to some of the finest football entertainment on the world stage.