article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- One of the suspects in a California shooting spree that left two sheriff's deputies dead was deported to Mexico twice, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Authorities say Marcelo Marquez, 34, of Salt Lake City, Utah, was arrested Friday after police found him in a home in Auburn, about 30 miles from the initial shooting. Also arrested was Jannelle Monroy, 38, of Sacramento County, who was allegedly with Marquez during the rampage, authorities said. The rampage began in the parking lot of a $56-a-night motel outside downtown Sacramento when two sheriff's deputies checked on a suspicious car there. Authorities said by the time the spree was over on Friday, the suspects had killed two sheriff's deputies in two counties, wounded a third deputy, attempted three car carjackings and shot a driver in the head -- all during a span of six hours. Those events prompted a handful of school lockdowns and a massive manhunt. Reconstructing shooting-carjack spree that left 2 Calif. deputies dead . Virginia Kice, a spokeswoman for ICE, says that Marcelo Marquez is actually an alias for a man named Luis Enrique Monroy-Bracamonte. He was removed from the U.S. twice, the first time in 1997 after an arrest and conviction in Arizona for narcotics possession. He was arrested and sent back to Mexico again in 2001. Sacramento County Deputy Danny Oliver, 47, was killed in the spree. The 15-year veteran was a husband and father of two daughters. The other slain officer was Placer County Deputy Michael David Davis Jr., 42, an 18-year veteran with a wife and four children. Davis died exactly 26 years after his father, a Riverside County sheriff's deputy, was killed in the line of duty, authorities said. The wounded deputy, Jeff Davis of Placer County, was shot in the arm. He was later treated and released. The driver who was shot in the head is 38-year-old Anthony Holmes. He is in serious condition in a hospital, according to authorities and CNN affiliates.
highlights: One of the suspect in a California shooting spree was previously deported, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. One suspect was using an alias, an ICE spokeswoman says . Marcelo Marquez, 34, and Jannelle Monroy, 38, are in custody after six-hour rampage .
id: 9dc2cb7a4eb6f86dd2e9165337fc50c2b10b93ba
chatgpt: According to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), one of the suspects involved in the recent California shooting spree was previously deported. An ICE spokeswoman revealed that the suspect, Marcelo Marquez, 34, had been deported twice before, once in 1997 and again in 2001. Marquez was arrested alongside his accomplice, Jannelle Monroy, 38, after a six-hour rampage that saw them go on a shooting spree that claimed the lives of two Sacramento County Sheriff's deputies, a civilian and injured others. During the arrest, Monroy was found to be using an alias. The motive for the attack is still under investigation, but the shooting spree has raised questions on how Marquez, a previously deported individual, was still able to carry out such acts of violence in the United States. According to ICE, Marquez had been arrested and deported twice before he carried out the recent shooting rampage. He had been deported once in 1997 after he was convicted of possessing drugs, and again in 2001 after he was charged with firearms violations. ICE has been under fire in recent years for their enforcement policies, which have seen them detain and deport individuals without proper legal representation. The agency's controversial policies have been criticized for tearing families apart and being inhumane. Marquez's case brings to light the issue of repeat offenders who are deported and later return to the United States to commit even more serious crimes. Critics have called for tougher immigration policies to prevent repeat offenders from re-entering the United States. The shooting spree has left the Sacramento community in shock and mourning. The slain deputies, Danny Oliver and Michael Davis Jr., were highly respected members of the local law enforcement community, and their deaths have left a void that will be hard to fill. As the investigation continues, more details are expected to emerge about the motives behind the shooting spree and how Marquez was able to carry out the attacks despite his previous deportations. The incident has once again highlighted the pressing need for greater scrutiny of immigration policies and rigorous background checks for those entering the United States.