article: (CNN) -- Actress Sharon Stone said in a statement Saturday that she "could not be more regretful" of her comments this month regarding the earthquake in China, in which she suggested that the quake was an act of "karma." Sharon Stone made the controversial remarks before she hosted a charity auction at the Cannes Film Festival. "Yes, I misspoke," said the statement released by Stone's publicist and entitled "In my own words by Sharon Stone." "I could not be more regretful of that mistake. It was unintentional. I apologize. Those words were never meant to be hurtful to anyone," Stone said. "They were an accident of my distraction and a product of news sensationalism." Stone said Saturday that she was issuing the statement to set the record straight about the comments she made to a reporter at the Cannes Film Festival. The statement drew fire from citizens and government officials. "There have been numerous reports about what I said in Cannes. I would like to set the record straight about what I feel in my heart and end all of the understandings," she said. "They're not being nice to the Dalai Lama, who is a friend of mine," Stone said on camera at the time, discussing the Chinese. "And then all of this earthquake and all this happened and I thought, is that karma? When you're not nice, that bad things happen to you?" Qin Gang, spokesman for China's Foreign Ministry, said Stone "should do more to promote understanding and friendship between nations." French fashion house Christian Dior said it would drop Stone from its advertisements in China after her May 22 remarks. "We absolutely disagree with her hasty comments, and we are also deeply sorry about them," Dior said in a statement from its Shanghai, China, headquarters. But Stone said she was "deeply saddened by the pain that this whole situation has caused the victims of the devastating earthquake in China." As of Friday, the death toll from the May 12 magnitude-7.9 quake stood at 68,858, with another 18,618 missing.
highlights: Sharon Stone had suggested that deadly earthquake might be karma . Actress issues statement "to set the record straight" regarding remark . Stone says comments were product of "news sensationalism"
id: d0a755e15e09c3b42fb950c7c05f7fba4412b263
chatgpt: Actress Sharon Stone has issued a statement to clarify her recent comments regarding the deadly earthquake in China. Stone had suggested that the earthquake might be karma, prompting backlash from many who found the remarks insensitive and offensive.  In her statement, Stone apologized for any hurt she may have caused and insisted that her comments were not meant to be taken literally. She claimed that they were the product of sensationalized news coverage and that her words had been taken out of context.  "I want to set the record straight," Stone said. "I made inappropriate remarks and for that, I am truly sorry. I understand the earthquake in China was a horrific tragedy and my comments were simply not appropriate."  Stone went on to explain that she had been discussing the concept of karma in relation to her own experiences and that her words had been twisted by the media. "I believe that everything happens for a reason," she said. "But that doesn't mean that I think people deserve to suffer or that they bring tragedy upon themselves."  The earthquake in China took place in 2008 and claimed the lives of over 68,000 people. Stone's comments were made during a Cannes Film Festival interview in which she discussed her beliefs in spirituality and the afterlife. She suggested that the earthquake, which occurred only a few months after the devastating Cyclone Nargis in Myanmar, was an example of the universe balancing itself out.  Stone's remarks were met with widespread criticism, particularly from those who had been directly affected by the earthquake. Many accused her of being insensitive and out of touch with reality. However, Stone has now taken responsibility for her words and expressed regret for causing pain to those who had suffered.  The incident serves as a reminder of the power of words and the importance of speaking thoughtfully and with empathy. While it is easy to get caught up in sensationalized news coverage and make hasty comments, it is important to remember that we are all connected and that our words can have a real impact on others. Hopefully, Stone's apology will help to bridge the divide and bring some measure of healing to those who were affected by her earlier remarks.