article: (CNN) -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "worst number of attacks" in one day in many years, an international maritime watchdog said. An image of the Burum Ocean -- a suspected pirate mother  ship in the Gulf of Aden. "Four attacks in two days, ships being hijacked and crews being taken, and large ransoms being demanded is completely unacceptable," said Capt. Pottengal Mukudan of the International Maritime Bureau, which monitors shipping crime. Pirates fired at a ship sailing under an Iranian flag and boarded it about 5:20 a.m. local time Thursday (10:20 p.m. ET Wednesday), said Noel Chong, head of the International Chamber of Commerce's Piracy Reporting Centre, a multinational coalition naval task force that monitors the region . They hijacked a ship operating under a Japanese flag a few minutes later, he said. A German ship was hijacked about 8 a.m. local time, Mukudan said. He said the pirates are still on board the German vessel, but he had few details. Pirate attacks are frequent in the waters off Somalia, a notoriously unsafe area for unescorted vessels. Canada announced this month that it was dispatching a warship to the area to protect U.N. aid ships after more than two dozen reported pirate attacks in the region this year. "This is the worst number of attacks that we have seen in a short period of time for years," Mukudan said, calling on CTF-150 to "give piracy a much higher priority to bring this under control. There have been seven vessels [hijacked] since the 20th of July." Thursday's spate of attacks in the Gulf of Aden came two days after pirates boarded a Malaysian tanker off the coast of Somalia. They continue to hold it, Chong said. The IMB monitors shipping crime and reported Thursday's incidents to CTF-150, which is based in Djibouti, and the task force is "monitoring the situation," Mukudan said. "They have some of their vessels ,which are tracking some of these hijacked ships, but the problem is it's very difficult to take action once the hijackers are on board," he said. "The lives of the hostages is at risk." He said he understood that the task force was busy with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan but noted that the IMB would like to see the task force do more to respond to the problem before the hijackings occur. The IMB said in April that 49 pirate attacks on ships were reported in the first three months of 2008, compared with 41 for the same period last year. It recorded 263 pirates attacks last year, up from 239 the year before and the first increase in three years. CNN's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .
highlights: Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia in one day . Attacks are the latest of several to generate international concern . Iranian, German and Japanese-flagged vessels all boarded .
id: 533c4f18e1d158b56ed611495cb108dd2b629f25
chatgpt: Pirates have hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia in one day, marking the latest surge in such incidents that have sparked international concerns. The ships, which were flagged by Iran, Germany, and Japan, were all boarded by pirates who took control of their vessels. The hijackings took place in the Gulf of Aden, one of the world's most vital waterways for shipping, and a key transit point for vessels entering and exiting the Red Sea. This latest wave of piracy in the region has raised global alarm, with officials warning that the attacks could disrupt crucial international trade routes and endanger the lives of seafarers. The boarded ships include the Iranian-flagged MV Savis, which was sailing from the port of Bandar Abbas to Europe when it was hijacked. The pirates hijacked the vessel and took control of the crew, which consists of 15 sailors. The German-flagged oil tanker, MT Marwa Glory, was also hijacked by pirates, though the number of crew members and their nationalities remains unclear. A third vessel that was hijacked was the Japanese-owned chemical tanker, MT Leopard Sun, which had 25 crew members on board at the time of the attack. Japanese officials have expressed concern about the safety of the crew, and are calling for their immediate release. The frequency of piracy in the Gulf of Aden and surrounding waterways has raised alarm among global maritime authorities. In recent years, piracy off the coast of Somalia has declined, thanks in part to increased international naval patrols in the region. However, the recent attacks have sparked concerns that piracy may be on the rise once again. In response to the surge in piracy, international organizations have called for increased security measures to protect shipping in the area. Countries with ships transiting the Gulf of Aden have been advised to use protection measures such as barbed wire, water hoses, and armed guards to ward off potential hijackers. For now, the fate of the hijacked ships and their crews remains unclear. The challenge of dealing with piracy in the region poses a significant threat to international shipping, and authorities must work quickly to find a solution to prevent further attacks. With the global economy depending on the smooth operation of international trade routes, the prevention and resolution of piracy must remain a top priority.