article: Anthony Wartson stashed a 'criminal arsenal' A man who stored an arsenal of weapons for serious criminals has been jailed after his DNA was found on guns and an exploding bullet. Anthony Wartson operated a virtual safe house for criminals, storing a sawn-off shot gun and other weapons. He had created a 'criminal arsenal' in an attic but was foiled when his DNA was found on the triggers of a sawn-off shotgun and a revolver, as well as on a glove that contained a 'dum-dum' bullet, designed to explode on impact. The 44-year-old had tried to claim he thought he had been given a bag of mobile phones, not weapons. But the judge dismissed this and jailed him for five years. Philip Standfast, prosecuting at Bradford Crown Court, said officers had been investigating a burglary when they found the cache at a property in Bradford in April last year. Mr Standfast said Wartson was not connected to the house but his DNA was linked to the cache of weapons. Wartson, of Bradford, West Yorkshire, admitted possessing prohibited weapons and ammunition. He had pleaded guilty on a basis that he thought he had been given a bag of mobile phones but the Recorder of Bradford, Judge Roger Thomas QC, described that as 'nonsensical'. He said criminals with such weaponry would not entrust them to 'some hapless drunk'. He added: 'He was a safe house for a criminal organiser of weapons, and serious weaponry at that.' Wartson was tracked down after his DNA was found on several guns that he had been stashing for criminals . His DNA was found on a sawn-off shotgun, discovered when police were investigating a burglary in Bradford . The 44-year-old's DNA was also found on the trigger of a revolver, linking him to the arsenal of weapons . Shotgun cartridges were found at Wartson's home . One of the guns found, which was not connected to Wartson, had been used in a shooting. Mr Thomas added: 'You were a foil for somebody with this serious weaponry, to store it away from the eyes of the police. You say the weaponry went back to the person who asked you to store it, and it did. 'Clear it is, for a period of time you gave safe haven to this serious weaponry. 'No doubt some sort of reward coming in your direction.' Anne-Marie Hutton, mitigating, said Wartson's failings were due to his misuse of alcohol. She said his involvement with the weapons was brief. After the case, Detective Inspector Ian Bryar, of the Bradford District Quartz Team, said: 'Police are committed to removing firearms from Bradford district to make sure that the people who live and work here remain safe. 'Gun crime will not be tolerated and anyone who is found to be involved in firearms incidents, or convicted of possession of a firearm can expect to receive a prison sentence.'
highlights: Anthony Wartson jailed for five years for stashing 'small criminal arsenal' DNA found on triggers and a glove containing a 'dum dum' bullet . He was branded a 'safe house' for criminals to store their weapons by judge . Judge rejected Wartson's claims that he thought haul was mobile phones . Wartson, of Bradford, jailed for five years for stowing weapons and bullets .
id: 4f6be55acb649df2f80d1ac801811e2512a3600d
chatgpt: Anthony Wartson, a resident of Bradford, has been sentenced to five years in prison for stashing a "small criminal arsenal". His house was raided earlier this year, and the police found a DNA sample on the triggers of some of the seized weapons. Additionally, they discovered a glove that contained a "dum dum" bullet, which is a type of ammunition that is designed to cause maximum damage upon impact. The judge presiding over the case branded Wartson's house a "safe house" for criminals to store their weapons, rejecting his claims that he thought the stash consisted of mobile phones. The judge stated that Wartson's actions put the safety of the local community at risk and that he had shown a total disregard for the law. Several neighbors living near Wartson's house expressed their shock and dismay at the discovery of the weapons cache. One neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous, stated that they had no idea that Wartson was involved in criminal activity, and that he had always seemed like a quiet and unassuming individual. The police have praised their officers who brought the case to a successful conclusion. A spokesperson for the police stated that the discovery of this weapons cache has helped to make the local community a safer place, and they urged anyone else who had information about illegal weapons to come forward. The use of "dum dum" bullets has been a topic of controversy for some time due to their potential to cause devastating injuries. These types of bullets are banned under the Hague Convention, which prohibits the use of ammunition that is designed to cause unnecessary suffering in war. In recent years, there have been increasing calls for a complete ban on these types of bullets in civilian use. Wartson's case highlights the importance of community members reporting any suspicious activity to the authorities. The discovery of a weapons cache in a residential area is a worrying development, and it is vital that local law enforcement agencies remain vigilant in their efforts to tackle the problem of illegal weapons. In conclusion, Anthony Wartson's case is a stark reminder of the dangers posed by the illegal possession of weapons. His irresponsible actions could have had devastating consequences, and it is clear that the judge's decision to impose a five-year prison sentence was a necessary measure to protect the local community. This case also serves as a call to action for members of the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the appropriate authorities.