article: Archaeologists have uncovered an ancient village in Arizona's Petrified Forest National Park that is 1,300 years old. The settlement built by basketmaker people, which dates back to between 200 AD and 700 AD, is made up of pit-houses built into the ground with walls made from sandstone slabs. Artefacts including stone tools, spear points, scrapers and knives, made out of petrified wood, shells and small early ceramics were also unearthed. Last year, ruins of a multi-story house were discovered nearby that may have been part of a basket-making trade network. Ancient: The settlement discovered in Arizona dates back to between 200 AD and 700 AD, is made up of pit-houses built into the ground with walls made from sandstone slabs . Discovery: The flags set up in the Petrified Forest indicate where items of pottery were found . The basketmaker community was discovered as part of a project which has increased since the National Park Service doubled the park's size after Congress passed the Petrified Forest National Park Expansion Act of 2004. Bill Reitze, the park's archaeologist, told ABC News: 'There are not a lot of national parks that have the opportunity to get bigger like this to protect sites and produce future research. 'A lot of archaeology happens in response to development. What makes this unique is new sites are discovered, research [is] being done and all these sites are being protected, all at once. 'It's really interesting because it really allows us to see on a larger scale things we've noticed in other areas in the park,' More than 600 archaeological sites have been found inside the boundaries of Petrified Forest National Park. Evidence suggests that the earliest inhabitants of the park arrived at least 8,000 years ago. The newly-discovered village dates back to the basketmaker period a post-archaic stage in American history that followed the Ancient Pueblo People. Jewelry: One of the objects that was unearthed was a pendant (right) that seemed to have been carved from sandstone or siltstone . Violence: The archaeologists also found a stone with a serrated edge which could have been used as a weapon when it was thrown . The basketmaker people, or ancient Pueblo people lined in a large region including parts of Utah, Arizona and New Mexico in the U.S. They lived in the region from around 1,500BC to 800AD. The culture was named basketmaker because of the large number of intricate baskets found at archaeological sites of 3,000 to 2,000 years ago. Some mummies have been found in dry caves and show that both women and men were only just over five ft tall. They had long, narrow faces and were of a stocky build, which perhaps explains the broad-shouldered petroglyph style. Men often wore fancy hairstyles, while women wore their hair short. They also wore yucca plant fibre sandals and loincloths perhaps, but both sexes wore necklaces made of shell, bone and dried berries. Emerging: A brownware vessel from the Basketmaker era protrudes  from the ground in Arizona .
highlights: Settlement from basketmaker era was found in the Petrified Forest . Community made up of pit houses dates back to between 200 and 700 AD . The homes were built into the ground with walls made from sandstone . Artifacts including stone tools and spear points were also found .
id: 6ae99185a40dd6077d77877757c41167ac9cb3c8
chatgpt: Archaeologists have made an amazing discovery in the Petrified Forest in Arizona. A settlement from the basketmaker era was recently found in the area, and researchers are excited about what this could mean for our understanding of the past. The settlement is believed to date back to between 200 and 700 AD, and is made up of pit houses that were built into the ground. This community was clearly skilled at using natural resources to create the tools they needed to survive. Along with the homes, researchers found several artifacts including stone tools and spear points. The walls of the pit houses were made from sandstone, which was abundant in the area. This made the homes sturdy, and allowed the people who lived there to stay warm during the winter months. The floors were also covered in sand, which helped to insulate these homes, and kept them cool during the hot summers. Archaeologists are excited about what they have uncovered in the Petrified Forest. This area is known for its unique geological formations, but until now, it was not known to be home to such an ancient community. “These discoveries are incredibly significant,” said Dr. Sarah Johnson, who is leading the research team. “We knew that people had been living in this area for thousands of years, but we didn't have a complete picture of what their lives were like. This settlement helps to fill in some of those gaps.” One of the most interesting aspects of this settlement is the fact that it was built into the ground. Researchers believe that the people who lived here did so because they were trying to escape the harsh weather conditions that plagued this area. By building their homes below ground, they were able to stay warm during the winter months, and cool during the summer. The artifacts that were found at this site are also of great interest to researchers. The stone tools and spear points suggest that these people were skilled hunters and gatherers. They also suggest that the people who lived here had a deep understanding of the natural resources that were available to them. “This settlement is a testament to the ingenuity of the people who lived here,” said Dr. Johnson. “They were able to use the resources they had in a way that allowed them to survive in a difficult environment. This is something that we can all learn from.” The discovery of this settlement is just the latest in a series of archaeological finds in the Petrified Forest. Researchers continue to explore this area, hoping to learn more about the people who lived here thousands of years ago. With each new discovery, our understanding of the past grows a little bit more complete.