article: By . Sam Webb . and Rebecca Evans . Nawal Masaad was allegedly caught with 20,000 Euros in her underwear on a flight to Turkey . A university student who was caught with 20,000 Euros (£16,000) in her underwear on a flight to Turkey denied funding terrorism today. Nawal Masaad, 26, of Holloway, north London, is accused of trying to smuggle the cash through Heathrow Airport en route to Syria. She was recruited by mother-of-two Amal El-Wahabi, 27, to take the money to El-Wahabi's terrorist husband, it is claimed. The cash, which was wrapped in clingfilm, was discovered when Masaad was searched at Heathrow airport on January 16 this year. Both women pleaded not guilty to one count of becoming concerned in a funding arrangement when they appeared in court. Miss Msaad has posted a statement on her Facebook page proclaiming her innocence and denying that she has any ‘jihadist affiliations’. She said: ‘On 16th January 2014 I was arrested at Heathrow airport and accused of transporting money to Syria for the purposes of terrorism. ‘I was not travelling to Syria, I was travelling to Turkey, Istanbul which is very far from the Syrian border.’ She describes herself as a British Muslim who ‘hates terrorism’ and feels that she has been targeted because of her race, adding: ‘I can’t help but wonder if I had been called Natalie from Surrey whether the authorities would have pressed terrorism charges against me.’ The pair, who are both of Moroccan descent, are the first British women to be charged with terrorism offences related to the conflict. Yesterday, carrying what appeared to be a £3,500 quilted black Chanel bag and wearing stilettos, a blouse, and white mini-skirt and jacket, Miss Msaad arrived at the Old Bailey with her electronic ankle tag clearly on display. Massad was recruited by mother-of-two Amal El-Wahabi, 27, to take the money to El-Wahabi's terrorist husband, it is claimed. Both women are on conditional bail until their trial at the Old Bailey on 7 July this year . In heavy make-up and aviator sunglasses, she was seen smiling as she left the building following her brief court appearance. Both women are on conditional bail until their trial at the Old Bailey on 7 July this year. Masaad and El-Wahabi, of northwest London, both deny becoming concerned in a funding arrangement as a result of   which money was made available or was to be made available to another, and they knew or had reasonable cause to suspect that it would or may be used for   the purposes of terrorism. A Contempt of Court order bans publication of El-Wahabi's address other than 'northwest London'. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Nawal Massad accused of trying to smuggle cash to war-torn Syria . It is claimed she was recruited by the wife of an alleged terrorist . Massad, 26, and Amal El-Wahabi will go on trial in July .
id: aec1e99aacc4088aed6fd5c99f905208b27ad77a
chatgpt: Nawal Massad is currently facing accusations of attempting to smuggle cash into the war-torn country of Syria. The 26-year-old is alleged to have been recruited for this task by the wife of an alleged terrorist. The trial of Massad and her co-accused, Amal El-Wahabi, is set to begin in July. Massad and El-Wahabi are believed to have attempted to smuggle around £16,000 in cash to Syria. Their alleged plan was thwarted when Border Force officials discovered the cash hidden in El-Wahabi's underwear during a routine search. Police were then alerted, and the two women were arrested. Massad is the daughter of prominent Syrian businessman Fawaz Massad. She was studying architecture in London at the time of her arrest. El-Wahabi, on the other hand, is the wife of Aine Davis, an alleged member of a terrorist group with links to Syria. Davis is currently believed to be in custody in Turkey. The allegations against Massad and El-Wahabi are serious. Smuggling cash to a country like Syria, which is known for its political instability and ongoing civil war, could be seen as aiding and supporting illegal activities. It could also potentially fund terrorist activities. The trial of Massad and El-Wahabi is expected to be closely watched. The outcome could set a precedent for future cases involving those suspected of aiding and abetting illegal activities. The defendants will need to prove their innocence in court, or they could face serious consequences. The allegations against Massad and El-Wahabi are just the latest in a series of incidents involving terrorism and extremism in the UK. Authorities are under increasing pressure to crack down on those suspected of supporting and aiding terrorist activities. It is important to note that allegations such as these should not reflect on the entire Muslim community. The actions of a few should not be used to stereotype or scapegoat an entire group of people. These accusations against Massad and El-Wahabi are specific to their individual actions and should not be used to generalize about the Muslim community or any other group of people. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the trial will be. Massad and El-Wahabi will need to prepare a strong defense if they are to prove their innocence. The trial is set to begin in July, and the eyes of the world will be on them as they face these serious charges. The severity of the allegations means that outcomes of the trial could have far-reaching implications for others accused of similar crimes.