article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:52 EST, 12 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:39 EST, 16 December 2012 . She is rumoured to have a new beau so perhaps Katie Price has decided to give herself a spring clean as she headed towards an exclusive heath clinic in Harley Street. The glamour model, 34, who is thought to be romancing former Bachelor Gavin Henson, was seen ducking into the FreedomhealthSKIN clinic for an appointment on Wednesday. Her agent confirmed to MailOnline mother-of-three Katie was there for a 'skin appointment' and the slim brunette kept her head down as she left the building, dressed in skinny jeans and a loose top. Designer look: Katie looks chic as she arrives at the clinic for her appointment . Katie, who was last seen out on a date with the rugby ace and the pair were apparently knocking back the drinks for 10 hours, looked far more serious on Wednesday with her dark brown locks loose and her green jacket with sparkly sleeves covering her tiny frame. 'Pricey' as Katie calls herself strolled confidently out of the clinic with her head held high clutching what looked like a receipt. Katie, 34, and Gavin, 30, were seen heading into Balans, in Soho, central London, at 1am holding hands and being very flirty with one another last week. Under the cloak of darkness: Katie Price is seen leaving the clinic as darkness falls in central London . What's next? Katie looked fresh faced as she left the clinic on Wednesday . One onlooker said the pair didn't even bother to order any food but spent the time necking drinks and chatting. A source told The People newspaper: 'They arrived at 1am and immediately . ordered a round of cocktails. It became ­apparent that there was a . budding romance happening. 'They both looked like they fancied one another and were not attempting to make any secret of it in front of other diners. Sharing a joke: Katie looks cheery as she leaves her appointment with a friend . 'Their date went on for hours. They were downing shots and getting very drunk indeed.' Katie has confessed to having multiple plastic surgery procedures and has spoken publicly about her love of Botox, saying it was like 'going shopping.' In 2011, Katie revealed she had Botox every four months. New brows: Following her appointment Katie tweeted an image of herself writing 'Loving my eyebrows being done pain free @tracie_giles wooooooo'
highlights: Her agent confirmed to MailOnline the mother-of -two was there for a 'skin appointment'
id: c2ace6e43099eaf0cebefcd01ed1a8521b4ee9cd
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, famous reality star, Kourtney Kardashian, was recently spotted at a Beverly Hills clinic. Her agent confirmed to MailOnline that the mother-of-two was there for a 'skin appointment.' Kardashian, who is known for her flawless complexion, has been a long-time advocate for taking care of one's skin. In fact, in a recent interview, she revealed that she takes her skincare routine very seriously and never skips a step. It's no secret that the Kardashian family is not shy about sharing their beauty secrets with the rest of the world. Kourtney, in particular, has been very vocal about her love for all things beauty and wellness. Many fans were left wondering what kind of treatment Kourtney received during her visit to the clinic. Some speculated that she may have undergone a procedure to help maintain her youthful appearance, while others suggested that she may have simply had a regular facial. Regardless of what kind of treatment she received, it's clear that Kourtney takes her skincare routine seriously. In fact, she recently revealed that she never leaves the house without applying sunscreen to her face. Kardashian's dedication to her skincare routine has not gone unnoticed by her fans. Many have commented on her flawless complexion and have asked her for tips on how to achieve the same results. This is not the first time Kourtney has been spotted at a clinic in Beverly Hills. She has been known to visit various beauty and wellness establishments in the area in order to maintain her youthful appearance. It's no secret that Kourtney is dedicated to leading a healthy and balanced lifestyle. She has previously spoken out about her love for yoga and has even created her own wellness brand, Poosh, which is dedicated to promoting a healthy lifestyle. Although her visit to the clinic may have raised some eyebrows, it's clear that Kourtney is simply dedicated to taking care of herself both inside and out. We can't wait to see what other beauty secrets she has in store for us in the future.