article: (CNN) -- Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro became the second player in the world's top 10 to withdraw from the French Open when a viral infection ruled him out of Sunday's championships in Paris. The world No. 7 revealed that the virus had affected him when losing to Frenchman Benoit Paire in last week's Rome Masters. The 24-year-old's withdrawal follows that of world No. 2 Andy Murray, who pulled out of the year's second grand slam with a back injury. "This is a tough blow, because these are the events you dream of winning," said del Potro, who won the U.S. Open in 2009, on the ATP website. "Now I must get over this disappointment and recover completely in order to prepare at 100% for the tests to come." The virus affecting Del Potro had prompted the tall right-hander to miss recent tournaments in Portugal and Madrid, and he returned in Italy with the hope of being able to compete at the French Open. Despite his exit in the third round, he will always remember his time in the Italian capital after meeting with the Pope, a fellow Argentine, last week -- an experience del Potro said he would "never forget". Del Potro reached the semifinals of Roland Garros in 2009 and the quarterfinals last year -- only to be beaten by Roger Federer on both occasions. He was joined in withdrawing from next week's event by former world number seven Mardy Fish, who is now ranked 41st in the world, and fellow American Brian Baker -- whose absences had been expected. Also on Wednesday, Caroline Wozniacki's terrible 2013 continued when the number one seed was beaten in straight sets by China's Zheng Jie at the Brussels Open. The former world number one from Denmark is on a terrible recent run of form, having now added a first round exit in Brussels to those suffered in Italy, Spain and Germany in the last month alone. The latest loss was all the more humbling given that Zheng had been on court four hours earlier to see off American qualifier Mallory Burdette in the first round. Wozniacki, who had received a bye into the second round, was beaten by Zheng's aggressive tactics with the Chinese hitting twice as many winners as the Dane (34 to 17). "She's a very tough player and fought until the last point," Zheng was quoted as saying by the Women's Tennis Association website. "I'm so happy I could win this match. We've played many times before and she's always so tough to beat. "But she's also a very nice person, ever since she was a junior. I'm very proud and this gives me a lot of confidence." Zheng will play Romina Oprandi of Switzerland in the quarterfinals, while Wozniacki must work out how to rediscover the form that took her to April's Indian Wells final ahead of Sunday's French Open.
highlights: Virus forces Juan Martin del Potro out of French Open . Argentine says illness enforced absences in Portugal and Spain . Former world no. 1 Wozniacki suffers another first round exit .
id: d7d9047c41de7aae646fc7ab92ecc452d20e9ca0
chatgpt: Juan Martin del Potro has been forced to withdraw from the French Open due to an ongoing virus. The Argentine tennis player has been plagued by the illness for several weeks, causing him to miss events in Portugal and Spain. Del Potro, ranked 9th in the world, had been hoping to make a strong showing at the Grand Slam tournament, which began on May 26 in Paris. Unfortunately, the virus has prevented him from training and competing at his usual level, prompting him to make the difficult decision to pull out of the tournament. Del Potro expressed his disappointment at not being able to compete, saying that it was "one of the most painful moments" of his career. Del Potro has an impressive record at the French Open, having reached the semi-finals in 2009 and 2018, as well as making the quarter-finals in 2012 and 2017. However, this year's virus has clearly taken a toll on his physical and mental health, and he has decided that he is not in a position to compete at his best. Meanwhile, former world number one tennis player Caroline Wozniacki has also suffered a disappointing first-round exit from the French Open. The Danish player, who is currently ranked 14th in the world, was defeated by Russian player Veronika Kudermetova in straight sets. This is not the first time that Wozniacki has suffered an early exit from a Grand Slam tournament. In fact, it has become somewhat of a pattern for her in recent years. Since winning the Australian Open in 2018, Wozniacki has failed to make it past the fourth round in any of the subsequent Grand Slam events. After her defeat at the French Open, Wozniacki admitted that she had not been playing at her best, saying that she was "just missing that spark". Despite the disappointment of another early exit, she remained upbeat, saying that she would "keep going and keep fighting". Both del Potro and Wozniacki's absences from the tournament have been felt by fans and fellow players alike. However, with plenty of top-level tennis still to be played, there is sure to be plenty of drama and excitement over the coming days and weeks. As the tournament progresses and the world's best players battle it out on the clay courts of Roland Garros, fans of the sport will be eagerly watching to see who will emerge victorious. With some of the biggest names in tennis still in the running, including Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal, and Serena Williams, there is sure to be plenty of thrilling matches and surprising upsets in store.