article: Baghdad (CNN) -- A wave of bombings left 51 people dead and more than 120 wounded Thursday in various Baghdad neighborhoods, including one in which angry residents later threw stones at security forces, the Interior Ministry said. At least 48 people were killed and 121 wounded when a parked car bomb detonated near a funeral tent in the predominantly Shiite neighborhood of Shula in northwestern Baghdad, an Interior Ministry official said. After the Shula bombing, people threw rocks at security forces, the official told CNN, and some people fired guns. Security forces withdrew until an Iraqi Army unit dispersed the crowds by shooting in the air and imposing a partial curfew in Shula, the official said. The gathering of the crowd reflects the growing frustration and anger against the government and security forces, especially by the country's Shiites, who have come under intensive attacks in recent days. Iraq has witnessed in the past 10 days constant high-profile attacks, mainly targeting Shiites and security forces, that have claimed the lives of more than 200 people. Some 151 people were killed in the entire month of December. Attacks on security forces in Tikrit and Diyala were claimed by the Islamic State of Iraq, an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq. There was no claim of responsibility for attacks on the Shiites. Officials have blamed al Qaeda and other Sunni extremist groups of carrying out these attacks in an attempt to reignite the sectarian war that gripped Iraq for years. Many Iraqis blame their security forces for not preventing these attacks and question the abilities of these forces to secure the country, especially as the U.S. military prepares for a complete troop withdrawal by the end of this year. Many have blamed the deteriorating security situation on politicians still not agreeing on key security posts that remain vacant in the government formed more than a month ago. Meanwhile, three people died in three other attacks in the Iraqi capital. A roadside bomb exploded next to a police patrol in southern Baghdad, killing a civilian and wounding seven people, including three police officers. In another attack in southeastern Baghdad, a roadside bomb exploded near a government convoy. It missed the convoy but killed one civilian and wounded three others. In central Baghdad, a roadside bomb exploded on a busy road, killing one civilian and wounding four. The blasts came after Wednesday night's assassination of three government employees by gunmen using pistols equipped with silencers in three neighborhoods in Baghdad. Two of the three government employees worked at Iraq's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the third employee worked at the Ministry of Housing and Reconstruction.
highlights: NEW: Angry citizens throw stones at security forces . One bomb exploded near a funeral tent, killing dozens . Another bomb exploded next to an Iraqi police patrol . The blasts come after the killing of 3 government officials in Baghdad Wednesday night .
id: 9665311cb1d4f3f6e48356846b8b2b0f4a0fd9fd
chatgpt: In yet another devastating attack in Iraq, two bombs exploded in separate incidents in Diyala province, killing dozens of people. Angry citizens, grieving for the loss of loved ones, threw stones at security forces in protest. The blasts targeted a funeral tent on the outskirts of Ba'rwanah village and an Iraqi police patrol near the city of Baqubah. The first explosion near the funeral tent killed at least 30 people and wounded dozens more. The victims were mostly relatives and friends of a local tribal leader who had been killed earlier this week. The bomb had been placed under a tree near the tent which was crowded with mourners. Chaos erupted as people scrambled to help the injured and escape the scene. In the second explosion, which occurred just a few hours later, a bomb was detonated next to an Iraqi police patrol, killing 10 officers and injuring several others. A gunfight broke out between the surviving police officers and an unknown group of armed men who fled the scene. These attacks come just a day after the killing of three government officials in Baghdad on Wednesday night. The officials, who had been attending a cabinet meeting, were killed by gunmen who opened fire on their convoy as they were leaving the government compound. No group has claimed responsibility for any of the attacks, but they bear the hallmarks of similar attacks carried out by ISIS in the past. The Iraqi government has been struggling to contain the rise of violence in the country, which has been fueled by political instability, sectarian tension, and the machinations of extremist groups like ISIS. The government has promised to take strong action against those responsible for the attacks and to beef up security measures to protect civilians, but the challenges it faces are complex and multifaceted. In the wake of the attacks, ordinary Iraqis voiced their frustration and anger at the continued violence and instability. Many feel that the government has failed to protect its citizens and that the security forces are either unable or unwilling to stop the perpetrators of these attacks. "These attacks are a tragedy for us all," said one resident of Baqubah, "We want peace and security, but it seems like they are always just out of reach. We need to work together to find a way forward for our country." As the people of Iraq mourn their dead and struggle to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives, the specter of violence lingers on. The attacks are a stark reminder of the challenges that this troubled nation faces and of the need for renewed efforts to find a lasting solution to the crisis.