article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 07:26 EST, 27 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:51 EST, 27 December 2012 . Warren Jupiter's family has been awarded $5.9m in damages following his death . The children of a US veteran who died from gastric bypass surgery which went horribly wrong could be denied a payout of nearly $1m because the Government believes he was abusive and set a bad example to them. Father-of-three Warren Jupiter, from New York, died after developing a gastric leak which went undetected for months following the surgery at the Manhattan VA Hospital. Last week the federal government was ordered to pay $5m to his widow and an additional $900,000, which was to be split among his three grown-up children. The government is now reportedly considering appealing the $900,000 payout because he called his son a 'homo', refused to pay for his Bar Mitzvah and made obscene gestures when he felt they were ignoring him. On Thursday Brooklyn Federal Judge Leo Glasser ruled it was 'inexplicable and inexcusable' doctors failed to detect the leak in the 35 stone cab driver because did not think he would fit inside a CT scan chamber. But according to the New York Daily News, court papers filed after the 2010 trial saw government lawyers argue his children should not receive any money for damages as he was abusive and irresponsible. They also argued his bizarre behaviour set a bad example to his children. The children have claimed they had a close relationship with Mr Jupiter, but the government has said his odd behaviour included upsetting his daughter by urinating in the back yard when he was unable to use the bathroom. The court papers also say he laughed when leaving human waste on the walls and floor of the bathroom and eventually moved out of the apartment in Manhattan because his wife said he unhyienic. The government's lawyers argued: 'Mr. Jupiter offered no meaningful support or guidance to his children at any age, and could not have been expected to provide guidance to his now adult children in the future.' A Brooklyn US Attorny's office spokesman has said the ruling was being reviewed. Mr Jupiter was admitted to the government-run Manhattan VA Hospital in April 2003 when it became apparent his huge bulk was a threat to his life. The 2010 court hearing heard how when he failed to recover, his family had to watched as he wasted away before his death at a nursing home in the Bronx two years later. His daughter Hannah, 21 at the time, told the hearing: ‘There were times I would visit him... his air bed was deflated and he was sunken in and couldn't move’. New York Daily News website . Mr Jupiter died following gastric bypass surgery at the government-run Manhattan VA Hospital in April 2003 .
highlights: Warren Jupiter, of New York, died after gastric leak went undetected . Feds consider appealing $900k payout to adult children as he was 'abusive' Government says his odd behaviour set a bad example to them .
id: 8723d0382e0f686458e52b82c75aec3d36282078
chatgpt: Warren Jupiter, a resident of New York, died after suffering complications from a gastric leak that went undiscovered. The incident has sparked controversy, as the federal government considers appealing a $900k payout to his adult children. Jupiter's death occurred after a surgical procedure to treat a gastric ulcer. A post-op scan showed no signs of complications, but days later, Jupiter reported feeling unwell. Doctors discovered a gastric leak had occurred and attempted to repair it, but Jupiter's condition continued to worsen. He ultimately passed away from septic shock. In the aftermath of Jupiter's death, his adult children filed a wrongful death suit and were awarded a $900k settlement. However, the federal government is now considering appealing the payout, citing Jupiter's abusive behavior towards his family and odd behavior. According to government officials, Jupiter's conduct was not only harmful to his family but also set a bad example for his adult children. The government's argument contends that if Jupiter had been a better role model, his children may have been more equipped to handle his sudden death. Some experts, however, question the government's stance. They argue that it is not within the purview of the government to judge a person's behavior as a factor in determining payout for wrongful death claims. Others note that while Jupiter's behavior may have been problematic, it is not necessarily relevant to the medical issue at hand. Regardless of the government's appeal, the tragic incident serves as a sobering reminder of the risks associated with surgical procedures. While surgical errors are not uncommon, they can lead to catastrophic consequences, as was the case with Mr. Jupiter. Medical malpractice cases can be complex and emotionally taxing, as people who have suffered the loss of a loved one seek answers and compensation. Compounding the difficulty in this case is the involvement of the federal government, which is rare in such cases. Despite the controversial circumstances surrounding Jupiter's death and subsequent settlement, it is clear that his family continues to process their loss. The tragedy serves as a reminder to us all to advocate for our own care and to remain vigilant about our health during medical procedures.