article: (CNN) -- We're a little suspicious of Jimmy Kimmel now thanks to his numerous hoaxes, but he wouldn't joke about a baby, right? On a pre-taped episode of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," ABC's host of "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" revealed that he and his wife of close to a year, Molly McNearney, are expecting their first baby together. Even DeGeneres was a little skeptical when Kimmel confirmed his wife is pregnant, but Kimmel assured her that he was being serious -- "unless she's kidding," he quipped. The late-night host, who married McNearney in 2013, has two kids from a prior marriage that lasted from 1988 to 2003. With two-thirds of his brood already into adulthood, Kimmel, 46, admits it's going to be a little awkward to start again. "I don't know where they are, but I hear they're doing great," Kimmel joked. "No, I have a 20-year-old son, and a 22-year-old daughter, and I've really forgotten everything. I was just with friends who just had a baby, and there are new ways to do things; you hold them by the front of the neck now!" (Those friends happen to be John Krasinski and Emily Blunt, who welcomed their first child, daughter Hazel, on February 16.) Kimmel claims that when he broke the news of the impending arrival to his daughter, he said, "Listen, there's only so much love I have to give, and you're going to have to split it up with the new kid. There's a finite amount of love, and that's that. So they're dealing with it." While the star might think it's "very weird" to have a kid at his age -- "I'm going to be one of those old dads!" he told DeGeneres -- his age has nothing on the baby names he's thinking of. "I like the name Karate," he said. "I think Karate Kimmel has a great ring to it. ... (And) I would like the baby's middle name to be 'Effin.'" To catch DeGeneres' full interview with Kimmel, tune in to her show on Wednesday.
highlights: Jimmy Kimmel and his wife Molly are expecting their first child together . The actor says this is no prank, unless his wife is kidding . He has two children from a prior marriage . Kimmel: "I'm going to be one of those old dads!"
id: b32e947446554793965092f60f614ead27e1b262
chatgpt: Late night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel and his wife Molly McNearney, a co-head writer for his show, are eagerly awaiting the arrival of their first child together. The couple broke the news to their friends and family on Mother's Day, and Kimmel took to Twitter shortly after to share the news with his fans, writing: "Yes, I am having another baby. Just when you thought I couldn't love my wife more, BAM!" Kimmel, 49, is already a proud father to two grown children, Katie and Kevin, whom he shares with his ex-wife Gina Maddy. However, he's excited to be starting a new chapter in his life with McNearney, 38, whom he married in 2013. When asked by People magazine if he was ready for fatherhood again, Kimmel admitted that he was feeling both excited and nervous. "I'm going to be one of those old dads," he joked. "I assume I'll be walking around Disneyland with my child on a leash." Despite his jokes, Kimmel seems to be taking the impending arrival of his child seriously. In a recent interview with the Hollywood Reporter, he revealed that he had been reading up on fatherhood in preparation. "I've read a few books on fatherhood, I think that's important," he said. "I don't want to be the guy who's there with the book 'What to Expect When You're Expecting' trying to figure it out." Fans of Kimmel can rest assured that he won't be taking any extended time away from his show when the baby arrives. "I'll take a few days off when the baby comes, but I'm not taking six weeks," he told People. "I think it's embarrassing." As for the baby's gender or due date, the couple has remained mum. However, Kimmel did assure Entertainment Tonight that the pregnancy is not a joke, unless his wife is playing a trick on him. "We're having a baby very soon, no fooling," he said. Congratulations to Jimmy Kimmel and Molly McNearney on their upcoming arrival!