article: By . Associated Press . and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:44 EST, 23 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 19:28 EST, 24 February 2014 . These are the child prodigies who used up all the available words at a spelling bee, forcing organizers to stop the showdown until they could find more. When Sophia Hoffman, 11, and Kush Sharma, 13, buzzed through the list of words over 47 rounds during Saturday's Jackson County Spelling Bee, organizers had to pull more from a dictionary. But after blitzing the extra 20 words, organizers decided to postpone the competition until March 8 because people were too tired to continue. 'It was legendary,' said Mary Olive Thompson, spelling bee co-coordinator said. Brainy: Jackson County Spelling Bee organizers were forced to halt the showdown between Sophia Hoffman, 11, and Kush Sharma, 13, when they used up all the words over 47 rounds on Saturday . Fierce competitors: The showdown between Sophia Hoffman and Kush Sharma will continue on March 8 . Loss for words: Organizers looked through a dictionary for extra words so the bee could continue on Saturday . After 19 rounds in a Missouri county's . annual spelling bee over the weekend, only two competitors out of the 25 remained - Hoffman, a fifth-grader at Highland Park Elementary School in the Kansas City suburb of Lee's Summit, and Kush Sharma. Onlookers were stunned when the students effortlessly ran through a list of about 20 additional words bee officials picked out of their Merriam-Webster's 11th Edition during the lunch break, The Kansas City Star reported. But bee officials decided not to pull more words from the dictionary because they worried one speller might get a tough word and the other a relatively easy one, which wouldn't be fair. Plus, Thompson said, at 'about 2 o'clock, I think we were all really tired.' Saturday's competition went 66 rounds, she said, while last year's bee ended after only 21. Venue: The Jackson County Spelling Bee kicked off 9am Saturday at the Kansas City Public Library's Plaza Branch (pictured) 'Scherzo', 'fantoccini' and 'intaglio' were among the words Kush correctly spelled in the late rounds, while Sophia nailed words such as 'schadenfreude', 'mahout' and 'barukhzy'. Both of them missed what Kush said was the hardest word: a 'French word; I have no idea how to pronounce it. It was a long word.' With the winner moving on to the national spelling bee in Washington, D.C., in May, both contestants were at the top of their game in the final rounds Saturday, Thompson said . 'Sophia and Kush's eyes were just bright and glowing,' she said. 'It was almost magical.' The contest will resume March 8 at an undetermined library site. Fair: Bee officials decided against pulling more words from the dictionary in case one speller got a tough word, and the other got an easy one .
highlights: After 47 rounds, organizers stopped Jackson County Spelling Bee because all words had been used . Officials picked 20 extra words from the dictionary for Sophia Hoffman, 11, and Kush Sharma, 13, so competition could continue . It was stopped after round 66 and will resume on March 8 because officials want to ensure new list of words is fair .
id: 15ed27a6d6e8d7d5e131393da3a6be2d26337bd9
chatgpt: After nearly 66 rounds, the Jackson County Spelling Bee in Missouri was stopped because, quite simply, they had run out of words. Officials had to resort to picking extra words from the dictionary to keep the competition going. The competition was stopped in its tracks when Sophia Hoffman, 11, and Kush Sharma, 13, were the only participants left standing. The event, which was held at Jackson County's annual Scripps National Spelling Bee, started off like any other spelling competition. However, as the rounds progressed, spellers began to run out of words to spell. Finally, after 47 rounds, the organizers were forced to halt the event. "By the 47th round, we had used up all of the words provided to us by the National Spelling Bee. It was a bit of a challenge to come up with more words that were challenging enough for this group of spellers," said Margie Hogue, the event's coordinator. To keep the competition going, officials were forced to pick additional words from the dictionary. "We had to make sure that the words we picked were challenging enough to keep the spellers on their toes, but not too difficult that no one would be able to spell them correctly," said Hogue. The additional words helped the competition continue, and Hoffman and Sharma were the only two participants left. The event was set to continue until a winner was crowned. However, after a further 19 rounds, officials decided to call it a day. However, the competition is set to resume on March 8th, with officials promising a new more extensive list of words to ensure that everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed. "We want to make sure that the list of new words is entirely fair, and contains words that everyone has an equal chance of spelling," said Hogue. While it may seem strange that a spelling competition would run out of words, it's not uncommon. In fact, a similar incident occurred in 2010, when the Scripps National Spelling Bee ran out of words, and officials were forced to declare multiple co-winners. The Jackson County Spelling Bee's mission is to promote "academic excellence, community service, and leadership," and this year's event did just that. While the competition ended prematurely, it showcased the dedication and determination of the speller's who had spent months preparing for the big day. Despite the competition's lack of words, Hogue said that the contestants were in high spirits throughout. "Despite the additional pressure of having to spell extra words, the participants were phenomenal. They remained calm and collected throughout, and even when the competition drew to a close, they were still eager to continue," said Hogue. The Jackson County Spelling Bee is one of many such events held across the United States each year. They offer an opportunity for students to showcase their spelling skills and to promote academic excellence. While it may have ended prematurely this year, next year's competition is sure to be just as exciting, with spellers eager to show off their skills once again.