article: Lynchburg, Virginia (CNN) -- Railroad workers in Virginia began trying to pull wrecked tank cars out of the James River Thursday as safety officials began trying to figure out why a train full of crude oil jumped the tracks and caught fire in the heart of Lynchburg. Thirteen of the 105 cars derailed Wednesday afternoon, and three of those ended up in the James River where it winds past downtown Lynchburg, National Transportation Safety Board investigator Jim Southworth told reporters. The train was made up entirely of tank cars full of crude, and about 50,000 gallons of it were unaccounted for after the crash, authorities said Wednesday night. There were no injuries in the derailment, but the resulting fire sent a pillar of black smoke rising over the city of about 78,000 people and forced the evacuation of much of its downtown for several hours. Most of the oil that spilled from the train cars appears to have either burned off or has been contained, said William Hayden of the state Department of Environmental Quality. There is an oil sheen on the river that stretches for about nine miles, and department personnel are testing water samples, he said. "We do expect that much of the oil that remains will be broken up by the fast-moving water of the James," Hayden said. Southworth said investigators were just getting to work and began interviewing the crew Thursday afternoon. In addition, the condition of the track and its bed after heavy rains will be one of the things they will examine, said NTSB spokesman Keith Holloway. Lynchburg municipal spokeswoman JoAnn Martin said worker were expecting to finish hauling the cars out of the river Thursday night. Parts of the railbed underneath the tracks had collapsed in the derailment and the remaining track was twisted, but Southworth cautioned that investigators may not release any conclusions for more than a year. "This will be a well-orchestrated industrial ballet," he said. The amount of oil shipped by rail has increased fourfold since 2005 amid a drilling boom in North Dakota and Canada. Those shipments have been under scrutiny since the derailment and fire that killed 47 people in a small town in Quebec last July, and environmentalists warned against having trains haul oil through downtown Lynchburg in March. Some of the cars on the train were of a model that the NTSB has said has a high incidence of leaking during crashes. But Southworth said investigators don't know whether any of the cars that derailed Wednesday were among them. The Association of American Railroads estimates that more than 90,000 of those cars are used to carry hazardous materials. About 14,000 of them have been built to the latest safety standards, the association says. CNN Correspondent Athena Jones reported from Lynchburg; Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta.
highlights: NEW: An oil sheen stretches for about nine miles on the James River, an official says . A total of 13 of the 105 cars in Wednesday's crash derailed, NTSB official says . Three tank cars that fell into the James River were being hauled out Thursday . "This will be a well-orchestrated industrial ballet," investigator says .
id: 2b43ef3ec70cd03fe4b100576817ea21469086dc
chatgpt: An oil sheen stretching for approximately nine miles along the James River was reported by an official on Thursday. The sheen resulted after three tank cars derailed and fell into the river as part of a 105-car train derailment on Wednesday. According to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), 13 of the train cars derailed on Wednesday in the industrial area of Lynchburg, Virginia. Among those 13 cars were three carrying crude oil, which subsequently fell into the river. Cleanup efforts commenced early on Thursday as authorities began securing the cars stuck in the river. "This will be a well-orchestrated industrial ballet," said NTSB Investigator Jim Southworth. Sheriff’s officials, environmental experts, and emergency responders partnered with CSX, the company responsible for the railway, to ensure that the cars were stopped and any additional danger was contained. CSX also provided assistance during the cleanup efforts. According to Lynchburg’s emergency services coordinator, Ryan Zuidema, crews used hundreds of feet of containment booms in the river to prevent the crude oil from spreading downstream. Orange-colored containment booms surrounded the derailed cars in the James River, while other booms were placed downstream in several locations, including the Amherst County border and the city’s wastewater-treatment plant. The City of Lynchburg is cooperating with state and federal agencies to monitor air and water quality to ensure public safety. Officials from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) and the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) also reported to the scene to monitor the situation. "We want to make sure the public is safe. We are working diligently to remove this chemical and get it where it needs to be," said Lynchburg Fire Chief Bradley Ferguson. The incident is the most recent in a series of trains carrying crude oil that have derailed in recent years. Environmental officials and lawmakers are pushing for stricter measures and regulations to prevent and address such incidents in the future. "This is yet another reminder of the dangers that crude oil transportation presents to our communities and environment," said Patrick Morrissey, West Virginia’s Attorney General. "We must work to ensure the safe transport of crude oil through our states before any more of our communities are impacted." The cause of the derailment is still under investigation. The incident caused disruptions to train service, and businesses were closed in the affected area.