article: (CNN) -- A shooter opened fire at a New Jersey mall late Monday, sending panic through the shopping center and igniting a massive police response. The gunman inside Westfield Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus, New Jersey, had not yet been found during a sweep of the shopping center by Bergen County SWAT, said county Chief of Staff Jeanne Baratta. But authorities have identified a possible suspect, New Jersey State Police Sgt. Joe Lettieri said. Authorities swept through the mall store-by-store late into the night. Mayor Rich LaBarbiera said there have been no injuries, and authorities believe the gunman is no longer in the mall. At least one gunman is said to have fired shots at security cameras, the state police said. A single shell casing has been found, a Bergen County emergency management official said. Eddie Kahmann, who works inside the mall, told CNN he heard 6 or 7 gunshots around 9:20 p.m. ET. "There was just people running like crazy, so I quickly just closed my doors, ran to the back, turned off all the lights, music and everything, just to stay hidden," he said. Kahmann spoke from inside the mall, one of the largest shopping centers in the New York City area. Allie Cozic, another mall employee, said she saw "someone dressed in all black, carrying a large gun, walk past our store." She said she heard loud bangs about 10 minutes before her store was set to close for the night. "It was just chaos. Everyone was just kind of running to wherever they could," Cozic said. "It was almost like when you're watching a horror movie and the killer is walking slowly -- that's what it seemed like. He was wearing all black, it almost looked like body armor of some kind. As soon as I saw the gun, I just turned and ran," she said. There is a large police presence at the mall, which was set to close at 9:30 p.m. ET. There are about 20 vehicles both marked and unmarked. The FBI, including an FBI SWAT team, was also on the scene. "There is a massive response from several agencies," according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation. Police were putting on flak jackets and bringing out assault weapons. People were pushed away from the mall and were telling CNN that they've been told the shopping center was on lockdown. Westfield Garden State Plaza is located some 12 miles from Manhattan. It boasts of being home to nearly 300 specialty shops and boutiques. CNN's Sarah Aarthun, Scott Garber and Laura Dolan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: State police say a possible suspect has been identified . Mayor: Authorities believe the gunman has left the mall . A store-by-store sweep of Westfield Garden State Plaza is ongoing . There are no immediate reports of injuries .
id: b48a0bcc4936a28cf2b6a968f0fd72e360e9850e
chatgpt: BREAKING: Possible suspect identified in Westfield Garden State Plaza shooting State police have identified a possible suspect in the shooting that occurred earlier today at the Westfield Garden State Plaza mall in Paramus, New Jersey. The mall was placed on lockdown following reports of an active shooter, but officials now believe that the gunman has left the building. Authorities are currently conducting a store-by-store sweep of the mall to ensure the safety of all shoppers and employees. There are no immediate reports of injuries. "We are working closely with local and state law enforcement to ensure the situation is resolved as quickly and safely as possible," said Paramus Mayor Richard LaBarbiera in a statement. According to witnesses, panic erupted at the mall when shots were fired shortly before noon. Shoppers and employees fled the building, some running for cover and others taking refuge in stores. Police responded promptly to the call and arrived on the scene within minutes. They immediately secured the area and began evacuating the mall. As of now, officials have declined to release any information about the possible suspect or a motive for the shooting. However, they are urging anyone with information to come forward. "We ask that anyone who was at the mall at the time of the shooting to please contact us with any information that may be helpful to our investigation," said Bergen County Prosecutor Mark Musella in a press conference. The Westfield Garden State Plaza mall is one of the largest shopping centers in the state of New Jersey, with over 300 stores and restaurants. It is unclear how many people were inside the mall at the time of the shooting. This is not the first time that the Westfield Garden State Plaza has been the site of a shooting. In 2013, a gunman opened fire inside the mall, prompting a lockdown that lasted for hours. There were no fatalities in that incident, but the shooter later died by suicide. The current situation is ongoing, and officials are urging the public to stay away from the area until the mall is deemed safe. We will continue to provide updates as more information becomes available.