article: By . David Mccormack . PUBLISHED: . 17:29 EST, 2 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:01 EST, 2 October 2013 . An unnamed grandfather is winning a lot of online plaudits after his impassioned letter of support for his gay grandson was posted online on Monday. The letter tells the heartfelt story of how different generations react to the news that a family member is gay, but in this instance it is the older generation telling their offspring that they need to show more compassion. In the letter, the grandfather passionately addresses his daughter Christine's decision to kick her son, Chad, out of their home after he has told her that he’s gay. An unnamed grandfather has received a host of online plaudits after his impassioned letter of support for his gay grandson Chad was posted online on Monday . Christine's father doesn’t hold back in letting his daughter know how extremely disappointed he is with her reaction to her own flesh and blood. 'You’re correct that we have a "shame in the family," but mistaken about what it is,' he blasts her. He goes on to call her actions 'the real "abomination" here' and that a parent disowning her child is what really goes 'against nature.' As well as blasting his daughter for her extreme treatment of her own son, he then tries to reason with her by saying that Chad 'didn’t choose it [being gay] any more than he being left-handed.' The grandfather goes on to describe his daughter’s actions as ‘hurtful, narrow-minded and backward,’ before threatening to disowned her for being a 'heart-less B-word of a daughter.' However the letter does end on a conciliatory note as he asks Christine to give him a call. n the letter, the grandfather passionately addresses his daughter Christine's decision to kick her son, Chad, out of their home after he has told her that he's gay (stock image) The correspondence first appeared on the Facebook page of FCKH8.com. ‘We were blown away by how this guy stands by his grandson and stands up against his own homophobic daughter. This is real love.' wrote FCKH8.com. It has attracted more than 8,000 likes and 3,000 comments since it was posted on Monday and the comments are overwhelming in support of the grandfather’s response. ‘Bestest gramps ever!!!!!!! He wins the internet!!,’ wrote Megan Woodcock Keegan. Lauren Moose Boland commented: ‘Go Grandpa!!!! I swear our parents, parents were more open minded than our parents.’ ‘Sad for the daughter that she chose this. I'm just so happy that the son has family to still surround him and support him,’ wrote Tinka Lawrence.
highlights: An unnamed . grandfather is winning a lot of online plaudits after his impassioned . letter of support for his gay grandson . In the letter we discover that the mom, Christine, has kicked out her son, Chad, because he is gay . The grandfather then writes and calls her a 'heartless B-word of a daughter' It was posted online on Monday and has received more than 8,000 likes and 3,000 comments - almost overwhelmingly positive .
id: 1d48d08b4cb615c62d66113ab714367ed3b8c970
chatgpt: An unnamed grandfather is making waves on social media after writing a heartfelt letter in defense of his gay grandson, Chad. The letter was posted online on Monday and has since received over 8,000 likes and 3,000 overwhelmingly positive comments. In the letter, the grandfather revealed that Chad's mother, Christine, had kicked him out of their home because of his sexual orientation. The grandfather did not hold back in his criticism of his daughter's actions, calling her a "heartless B-word of a daughter" for her cruelty towards Chad. The letter, which was addressed to Christine, begins with the grandfather expressing his disappointment and anger towards her decision to kick Chad out of the house. "I cannot believe that you would turn your back on your own flesh and blood, simply because he loves differently than you do," he wrote, adding that he was disgusted by her actions. The grandfather went on to praise Chad for his bravery in coming out and facing such harsh consequences from his own family. He urged Christine to open her heart and accept Chad for who he is, emphasizing that love should always come before prejudice. "Chad is no less of a person because of who he loves," the grandfather wrote. "He is still the same kind, loving, and talented young man that you raised. It is time for you to stop thinking of him as your gay son and start thinking of him simply as your son." The letter has resonated with thousands of people online, many of whom have shared similar experiences of discrimination and cruelty at the hands of their own families. The grandfather's words have offered a glimmer of hope to those who have been rejected by their loved ones, reminding them that they are not alone in their struggle. Despite the overwhelmingly positive response to the letter, some have criticized the grandfather for his own use of slurs and offensive language. However, many have defended him, arguing that his anger towards his daughter's actions is justifiable and that his words are a necessary response to the harm she has caused. As for Chad, he has expressed his gratitude towards his grandfather for standing up for him and defending him against his mother's cruelty. He hopes that his story will inspire others to speak out against discrimination and prejudice, and to show love and support to those who need it most. In a world where LGBTQ+ individuals still face discrimination and bigotry, the grandfather's letter is a powerful reminder that love and acceptance should always triumph over hate and prejudice. His words have brought comfort and hope to thousands, and serve as a rallying cry for equality and inclusion.