article: A mother-of-two has been found stabbed to death at her home - directly opposite the house of a father jailed this week for killing a prostitute after a botched penis enlargement. Company director Emily Munemo's body was discovered just yards from the house of twisted killer Michael Wenham who was yesterday jailed for life for killing a prostitute. Police were called to the house in Hillingdon, London, following reports of a stabbing and paramedics were sent out but could not save Ms Munemo's life. A mother-of-two has been found stabbed to death at her home in Hillingdon, London - directly opposite the house of a father jailed this week for killing a prostitute after a botched penis enlargement. Road pictured . She died around an hour after their arrival. Murder detectives have swept the house for clues and a 35-year-old man was arrested in Hayes on suspicion of murder - and was today being quizzed by officers at a West London Police station. A police spokesman confirmed inquiries were still ongoing, but it is not believed the attack was linked to Wenham's trial. Police forensic teams dressed in white overalls were today seen at the £305,000 two storey house. Company director and health worker Emily Munemo set up Muney Ltd in October 2012 and ran the business from her home, where she had lived in 2008. Within hours of Ms Menemo's death, her neighbour Michael Wenham was jailed for gruesomely murdering young prostitute Karolina Nowikiewicz. Close by: Ms Munemo's body was discovered just yards from the house of twisted killer Michael Wenham (L) who was yesterday jailed for life this week for killing Karolina Nowikiewicz (R) Father of three Wenham nearly decapitated his Ms Nowikiewicz with a Stanley knife in a 'chilling and brutal' attack based on a gory horror film after a botched penis enlargement operation left his genitals two inches smaller. A judge heard Wenham, aged 36, had flown to the USA for £15,000 penis enlargement operation, but the botched surgery resulted in it shrinking by two inches and he flew out for a second operation a month before the attack. The bisexual also had fantasies about becoming a serial killer and had his wife of eight years Dawn, aged 34, humiliate him by saying how small his penis was. Police forensic officers working at the scene of the previous killing on the same Hillingdon road last February . The killing closely resembled the climax to the film, in which a group of American backpackers are lured into an eastern European hotel and tortured. An expert psychologist told the court he believed that Wenham's overactive libido had been transformed into a homicidal rage because he was unable to satisfy his sexual desires following the failed operation. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Emily Munemo found stabbed in he house in Hillingdon, London yesterday . Mother died just yards from home of prostitute killer Michael Wenham . Police have arrested a man, 35, and are quizzing him at London station .
id: 9f342a14f43791a2156e9a3b7f9f22908a60d7c8
chatgpt: A shocking incident has occurred in Hillingdon, London, with the death of Emily Munemo, who was found stabbed in her home yesterday. The 36-year-old woman was reportedly murdered just yards away from the house of notorious prostitute killer, Michael Wenham. Emily's mother was found dead in a similar fashion a few months ago, and this latest tragedy has left the community in shock. The police have arrested a 35-year-old man in connection with the incident and are currently questioning him at a London station. Emily was described as a kind and generous person by her neighbors, who were all left horrified by the news of her murder. One neighbor, who did not want to be named, said: "Emily was always smiling and always had a kind word to say. It's hard to believe that someone could do something so terrible to her." Police have confirmed that they were called to the scene of the crime at approximately 8:30 pm yesterday, where they found Emily with serious stab wounds. She was rushed to a nearby hospital but unfortunately passed away from her injuries. Following the incident, police have cordoned off the area around the house, as forensic officers scour the scene for evidence. They are also conducting door-to-door inquiries in the neighborhood to gather any information that could assist with the investigation. The association of Emily's death with the nearby house of Michael Wenham, who was convicted in 1994 of killing two prostitutes in Southampton, has left many in the community concerned for their safety. However, the police have reassured the public that they believe the incident was an isolated one and that there is no immediate danger to the public. The arrest of the 35-year-old man has brought hope of justice for Emily and her family. However, for the Munemo family, the loss of both mother and daughter in such brutal circumstances is devastating. Emily's family has released a statement expressing their grief and asking for privacy during this difficult time. "We are heartbroken at the loss of our beloved Emily. She was a kind and loving daughter, sister, and friend, and our lives will never be the same without her. We ask that our privacy be respected as we try to come to terms with our devastating loss." The police investigation into Emily's murder is ongoing, and they are appealing to anyone with information about the incident to come forward. Anyone with information can call the police on 101 or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.