article: They don’t call him Dinky for no reason, for this this little foal has been hailed Britain’s smallest donkey. The miniature donkey weighs just 30lbs and is three times lighter than the average baby horse. Dinky is no taller than a Wellington boot and is the smallest foal ever born at the Donkey Sanctuary in Sidmouth, Devon. Tiny: Dinky the donkey, who was born at the Donkey Sanctuary in Sidmouth, Devon, is so small he is no taller than a Wellington boot . Little and large: Dinky the donkey with his mother Summer who was rescued from an overcrowded farm in June . Fluffy: Dinky the donkey bounds around his paddock at the Donkey Sanctuary in Sidmouh, Devon . Vet Elena Barrio, who has been at the sanctuary for nine years said: ‘As his mum is a miniature donkey he's the smallest foal we've ever had - about the size of a dog. ‘To give you an idea he's about 90 pounds lighter than the average thoroughbred horse foal. ‘He's such a beauty and so delicate - small but perfectly formed and perfectly healthy. No wonder his mum is so proud of him.’ Dinky, who weighs just 30lbs, is in no danger of piling on the pounds as he tucks into hay with mother Summer . The miniature donkey isn't much bigger than this ball and is the smallest foal to be born at the Devon sanctuary . Just foaling around: Dinky and mother Summer play in the paddock . The owners of the foal’s mother, Summer, gave her to the charity in June when they could no longer care for her on a farm in Oldham, Manchester. The Donkey Sanctuary does not allow breeding, but Summer was already pregnant when she was rescued. Dinky is the 15th foal to be born at the sanctuary this year. People can visit the site, which is open to visitors, and take part in donkey grooming, nature walks and educational activities.
highlights: Dinky is three times lighter than the average baby horse . He is the smallest foal ever to be born at the Donkey Sanctuary in Devon .
id: 443b6f3dc653a80ffda3667f61e1c0933797d723
chatgpt: A new addition to the Donkey Sanctuary in Devon has brought joy to the hearts of animal lovers everywhere. Dinky, a tiny foal, has become the smallest horse ever to be born at the sanctuary, weighing in at just one-third of the average newborn foal. Despite his small size, Dinky is already making his presence known to visitors and staff alike. His friendly and playful nature has captured the attention of many of the sanctuary's guests, who have been stopping by to see him and take pictures. The staff at the Donkey Sanctuary were thrilled when Dinky was born. They had been keeping a close eye on his mother, a miniature horse named Daisy, who had been pregnant for several months. When she finally gave birth, everyone was delighted to see the tiny, yet healthy, baby foal. "Dinky is a true miracle," said Emma Elliott, the sanctuary's press officer. "We never expected him to be so small, but he's such a fighter. He's doing really well and Daisy is a great mum." Despite the challenges that come with caring for such a tiny animal, the staff at the Donkey Sanctuary are doing everything they can to help Dinky thrive. They have been monitoring his health around the clock and have been providing him with special care to ensure that he continues to grow and develop normally. "We have to be very careful with Dinky," explained Elliott. "We've been bottle-feeding him and giving him extra attention to make sure he's getting all the nutrients he needs. But he's a tough little guy and we're confident that he'll continue to do well." Dinky has quickly become a favorite among visitors to the Donkey Sanctuary, who are drawn to his adorable size and playful personality. He has also captured the attention of people around the world, who have been sharing photos and videos of him on social media. Despite his small stature, Dinky is proving to be a big inspiration to all who encounter him. His remarkable spirit and resilience are a testament to the power of nature and the extraordinary capacity of animals to bring joy to our lives.