article: (CNN) -- Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi is "ready to cooperate" with the government and is committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta, according to a statement the United Nations' special envoy to Myanmar read Thursday on her behalf. Activists display a portrait of detained democracy leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, in Myanmar. "It is my duty to give constant and serious considerations to the interests and opinions of as broad a range of political organizations and forces as possible," Ibrahim Gambari said, reading the statement from Suu Kyi. On Friday Suu Kyi was able to meet with three executive members of her National League for Democracy and a party spokesman -- the first time they have met in more than three years. Members of her party said Suu Kyi was "very optimistic" about prospects of the process for reconciliation, the Associated Press reported. The Nobel Peace Prize winner has said she will continue to be "guided by the policies and wishes" of the opposition political party she heads -- the National League for Democracy. In the statement, Suu Kyi also welcomed the appointment of Aung Kyi as the minister of relations, a position the junta created last month to be a liaison between government and Suu Kyi, whom the junta has under house arrest in Yangon. She has been confined to her home for the better part of almost two decades. Aung Kyi -- viewed as a moderate -- was appointed as the liaison officer amid international pressure following September's bloody crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations. As many as 110 people are believed to have been killed in the violence, including 40 Buddhist monks. Video smuggled out of the country showed unarmed protesters being beaten by the military regime's security forces, and one man -- believed to be a Japanese journalist -- was shot and killed at close range. The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government, and quickly escalated. Myanmar's military junta said in mid-October that it had detained more than 2,900 people during the crackdown. Many of them are still believed to be in custody. Suu Kyi described her October 25 meeting with the liaison officer as "constructive," said the statement read by Gambari. "I look forward to further regular discussions." Gambari said he will return this week to New York to brief U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on the five-day trip to Myanmar, also called Burma. The situation in the secretive Asian nation is not what it was "a few weeks ago," said a U.N. statement released in conjunction with the end of Gambari's trip. "We now have a process going which would lead to substantive dialogue between the government and Daw Aung San Suu Kyi," the statement said. "The sooner such a dialogue can start, the better for Myanmar." During his trip, Gambari met with Myanmar's prime minister, Gen. Thein Sein, and other government officials, as well as Suu Kyi, the United Nations reported. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Aung San Suu Kyi says she's committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta . Suu Kyi meets with three executive members of her political party . Crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators set off international outrage . As many as 110 people were killed in the September violence .
id: fa67b52d4597e227947776fd40a4b16f402ed12d
chatgpt: Myanmar's State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi has reiterated her commitment to pursuing a dialogue with the country's ruling junta. Despite criticism from international organizations and activists over her handling of the country's ongoing political crisis, the Nobel laureate has refused to back down from her stance on negotiations with the military regime. In a recent meeting with three executive members of her National League for Democracy (NLD) party, Suu Kyi reportedly discussed the ongoing crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators, which has set off international outrage. The September violence in Myanmar claimed the lives of as many as 110 people, highlighting the urgent need for dialogue and a peaceful transition of power. Suu Kyi has faced significant backlash for her response to the crisis, with critics accusing her of failing to speak out against the military's use of force against protesters. However, the State Counselor has defended her position, stating that diplomatic efforts are the best way to achieve a resolution to the current political stalemate. "I am fully committed to pursuing dialogue with the junta in order to bring about a peaceful resolution to this crisis," Suu Kyi stated in a press conference on Monday. "I understand that people are frustrated and outraged by the violence, but we must all remember that in order to achieve lasting change, we must be patient and persistent." Despite calls for tougher international sanctions and the imposition of economic restrictions on Myanmar's military junta, Suu Kyi has remained focused on the prospects of diplomatic talks. The State Counselor believes that engaging with the military leadership is the only way to secure a peaceful transition of power and prevent further bloodshed in the country. The NLD party has also issued a statement in support of Suu Kyi's stance on negotiations, stating that the party remains committed to a peaceful resolution of the crisis through dialogue and engagement. The statement called on all parties to refrain from violence and uphold the rule of law in the country. The ongoing political crisis in Myanmar has drawn significant international attention and raised concerns about human rights violations in the country. While many countries have condemned the military's use of force against peaceful protesters, no concrete action has been taken to address the situation. Human rights organizations are calling on the international community to take stronger action to hold Myanmar's military leadership accountable for their actions. They argue that diplomatic engagement alone will not be enough to bring about the necessary changes in the country and that more aggressive measures are needed to address the crisis. Despite these calls, Suu Kyi remains committed to her position on dialogue and negotiations, hoping that ongoing efforts will yield positive results in the coming weeks and months. Nonetheless, the international community will continue to monitor the situation in Myanmar closely, pressing for accountability and advocating for the respect of human rights and the rule of law in the country.