article: (CNN) -- Yahoo has announced a plan to "recycle" old e-mail addresses, a move meant to free up accounts for folks who want them but that has sparked privacy concerns. In a blog post, senior vice president Jay Rossiter announced that Yahoo e-mail accounts that have been dormant for more than a year will be reset so that active users can have access to them. "If you're like me, you want a Yahoo! ID that's short, sweet, and memorable like albert@yahoo.com instead of albert9330399@yahoo.com," he wrote. The one-year period will officially begin July 15, when users can "claim" a dormant account name. They'll find out in mid-August if they got the account they wanted. It's clearly an effort by Yahoo, which has been working to redefine and rejuvenate itself under new CEO Marissa Mayer, to re-engage older users and reward active ones. But it has security experts nervous. Security analyst Graham Cluley doesn't mince words. "In short: as an idea it sucks, and it shows Yahoo's lack of respect to customers who created accounts with them in years gone by," Cluley wrote Wednesday. Cluley lists several scenarios where the plan could backfire. They include situations in which a user has another primary e-mail account, but has given their Yahoo address as a backup in case of security situations, lost passwords and the like. He said the move appears to be "an underhanded way to get people to re-engage with the site" and that people who may not actively use their Yahoo mail, but use it to store old messages and other documents, could lose them without ever realizing it. Mat Honan of CNN content partner Wired, himself the recent victim of a high-profile hack, called the move "a spectacularly bad idea." In the wake of such complaints, Yahoo released a followup statement saying it's sure the transition can be made without compromising security. "We're committed and confident in our ability to do this in a way that's safe, secure and protects our users' data," the company said. The vast majority of inactive Yahoo IDs don't have a mailbox associated with them, the company said, and any personal data associated with the accounts will be deleted. During a 30-day deactivation period, bounce-back e-mails will alert senders that the deactivated account no longer exists and Yahoo will unsubscribe those accounts from newsletters, commercial e-mail alerts and the like. Businesses, financial institutions, social networks and other e-mail providers will be sent notifications about e-mail addresses that have been deactivated. See also: Behind Yahoo's Tumblr gamble .
highlights: Yahoo will "recycle" dormant account names and e-mail addresses . The move is meant to free up attractive IDs for active users . Security experts fear this could jeopardize privacy . Yahoo is "committed and confident" the transition will be safe .
id: af61004e4ff5e05207a99f1ca3b719010fd8093f
chatgpt: Yahoo is set to "recycle" dormant account names and email addresses in order to free up attractive usernames for its active users. While the move is aimed at improving the experience of Yahoo's existing user base, the security implications of the decision have some experts worried. Yahoo's decision comes as a surprise to many, as it is among the first major email providers to take such a step. The move will see Yahoo reassign email addresses that have been inactive for at least 12 months to new users. The company has said that it will not give away usernames from "more sensitive" accounts, such as those belonging to government officials or celebrities. However, some security experts are concerned that the transition could expose users' personal information. For example, dormant email addresses may still be associated with a user's online presence elsewhere, such as social media or e-commerce platforms. If these accounts are not properly secured, access to the user's email account could allow hackers to gain access to other sensitive information. Yahoo has sought to reassure users that the transition will be safe. The company has said that it will implement a number of security measures to protect users' information, such as requiring users to verify their identity before accessing recycled accounts. In a statement, Yahoo said: "We are committed and confident in our ability to honor our users' privacy in this regard, and being transparent about our practices is one way that we can do so." The company added that it expects to begin releasing inactive accounts starting in mid-July. The move has been met with mixed reactions from Yahoo users. Some have welcomed the idea of being able to claim an attractive username that had previously been unavailable. Others have expressed concern about the security implications of the decision, with some users saying that they plan to switch to different email providers as a result. Overall, Yahoo's decision to recycle dormant email addresses and usernames is a bold move that could have significant implications for its user base. While the decision has some security experts worried, Yahoo's commitment to user privacy and its implementation of security measures should help to mitigate any risks. As the company moves forward with the transition, it will be important for it to continue to listen to user feedback and address concerns about the safety and security of their information.