article: Paris (CNN) -- Five French troops and an Afghan civilian were killed on Wednesday in an insurgent attack in an eastern province of Afghanistan, the French president's office said. The incident occurred in Afghanistan's Kapisa province, where the French have a strong troop presence, and it comes a day after French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited the country to meet with French troops. The office said the soldiers were protecting a shura, a gathering of high-profile figures, in Joibar village when "a terrorist detonated his bomb within proximity of the French soldiers." The village is in Kapisa's Tagab valley. Along with those killed, four French soldiers and three Afghan civilians were injured. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said "the Taliban claim responsibility for the suicide attack." Capt. Justin Brockhoff -- a spokesman for NATO's International Security Assistance Force --also reported five international troop deaths, but the spokesman did not disclose the nationalities of those killed per ISAF policy. He said ISAF received a report that the strike could have been a suicide attack and a "small and heavy weapons attack as well." France has about 3,900 troops in Afghanistan, according to the NATO mission there, and the Defense Ministry says it has lost 69 service members in the long war. France has said it will begin to reduce troop numbers, following a "timetable comparable to the withdrawal of the American troops," according to a statement from the president's office last month. In addition, French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet told France Info radio last month that all French soldiers could be out of Afghanistan by 2013. According to the U.S. timetable, some 33,000 U.S. troops will be withdrawn by September 2012. That will leave just under 70,000 Americans in Afghanistan. Sarkozy, who is back in France after his Afghanistan trip, passed along his condolences and said France is determine to continue working with ISAF "to restore peace and stability" in Afghanistan. CNN's Mishan Afsari, Matiullah Mati and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: 69 French service members have died in Afghanistan . NEW: Five French soldiers, 1 Afghan civilian are killed . This comes a day after Sarkozy's visit . Other troops and civilians were injured . The soldiers were protecting a shura when the attack occurred .
id: 755fa7d7fc8bad754e26d3edbff3f08a0b74cbb1
chatgpt: A total of 69 French service members have lost their lives in Afghanistan, according to the latest report. The tragic news comes as five French soldiers and one Afghan civilian were killed in an attack that occurred just a day after French President Nicolas Sarkozy's visit to the region. The soldiers were killed while protecting a shura, a traditional Afghan meeting, when a group of attackers struck. The assailants caused significant damage, leaving several other troops and civilians injured. The attack is a stark reminder of the increased danger that military personnel and civilians alike face in the war-torn country. French officials have expressed their deep sadness and condolences to the families and loved ones of those who have died. The latest attack highlights the challenges that French troops and their allies face in the ongoing conflict in Afghanistan. The French troops had been working alongside NATO forces in the country for many years. Despite the attack, French officials have reiterated their commitment to continuing the mission in Afghanistan. They say that the soldiers who lost their lives were there to help the Afghan people build a better future for themselves and that they will not allow the latest tragedy to undermine their work. The attack is just the latest in a series of violent incidents in Afghanistan, as rebels continue to try to overthrow the country's government. Many civilians have been caught up in the violence, and thousands have been killed or injured since the conflict began. The French government has vowed to continue its support for the Afghan people and their efforts to build a more stable and prosperous country. They say that the latest tragedy will only strengthen their resolution and determination to make a difference in Afghanistan. Overall, the latest attack underscores the need for continued international cooperation and support for the people of Afghanistan. The situation in the country remains fragile, and there are still many challenges to be overcome. But the latest tragedy shows that despite the dangers, there are still many people who are committed to working towards a better future for all.