article: Manchester United were held to a shock 0-0 draw against League Two minnows Cambridge United in the FA Cup fourth round on Friday night. Angel di Maria, Radamel Falcao and Co failed to break down the team from the fourth tier of English football as United's expensively assembled strike force drew a blank, earning only a replay at Old Trafford. It was a result that angered United boss Louis van Gaal, but where does this upset rank among United's biggest cup shocks? Louis van Gaal was left with plenty to ponder after his Manchester United side were held to a goalless draw . Cambridge United players celebrate after holding Manchester United to a 0-0 draw in the FA Cup on Friday . Southampton 1-0 Man Utd, FA Cup final, 1976 . Perhaps the most costly of United’s cup shockers, Second Division Saints sealed FA Cup glory when Bobby Stokes fired into Alex Stepney’s bottom corner in the 82nd minute. United's players eave the Wembley pitch after being beaten by Southampton in the 1976 final . Southampton players celebrate after Bobby Stokes's winning goal . Bournemouth 2-0 Man Utd, FA Cup third round, 1984 . Around 14,000 fans saw the Division Three Cherries — masterminded by Harry Redknapp — see off holders United thanks to goals from Milton Graham and Ian Thompson. Milton Graham (falling) opens the scoring for Bournemouth in the famous win over United . Bournemouth forward Trevor Morgan causes problems for the United defence . Man Utd 0-0 Exeter, FA Cup third round, 2005 . Non-League Exeter produced a defensive masterclass to keep the home side at bay, despite Sir Alex Ferguson bringing on Cristiano Ronaldo. United won the replay 2-0. The Exeter players celebrate on the Old Trafford pitch after drawing 0-0 with Manchester United . Even the introduction of Cristiano Ronaldo as a substitute couldn't swing the game in United's favour . Southend 1-0 Man Utd, League Cup last 16, 2006 . Freddy Eastwood’s 30-yard free-kick sealed an embarrassing cup exit for Fergie’s men to Championship Southend, and sent the Roots Hall faithful into raptures. Tomasz Kuszczak cannot stop Freddy Eastwood's 30-yard free kick flying into the top corner . Wayne Rooney holds his hands to his head in dismay during the defeat at Roots Hall in 2006 . MK Dons 4-0 Man Utd, League Cup second round, 2014 . Louis van Gaal took a weakened team to Stadium mk for his fourth match in charge of United, and saw Javier Hernandez, Danny Welbeck and Co beatean by the League One side after two goals each from Will Grigg and Benik Afobe. Benik Afobe, who netted a brace against Louis van Gaal's side, wheels away in celebration . Strikers James Wilson and Javier Hernandez look dejected as they prepare to restart the game .
highlights: Manchester united were held to a goalless draw by Cambridge United . Louis van Gaal's side now face the fourth tier side in an Old Trafford replay . Sportsmail reminds you of some of the club's other biggest cup shocks .
id: 0c0b23c2aca59382971f2e6119f925f562b5217e
chatgpt: Manchester United were left frustrated as they were held to a goalless draw by fourth-tier side Cambridge United in their FA Cup fourth round encounter. The match, played on Friday night, saw Louis van Gaal's side struggle to break down a resilient Cambridge defense. As a result, the Premier League heavyweights now face an Old Trafford replay against the lower league opposition. Despite Manchester United's dominance in English football over the years, they have been on the receiving end of some of the biggest FA Cup upsets in history. Sportsmail takes a look at some of the most memorable cup shocks involving the Red Devils. One such upset came in the 1983-84 season when third-tier side Bournemouth knocked Manchester United out of the FA Cup. In a thrilling encounter, Bournemouth won 2-0 courtesy of goals from Milton Graham and Ian Thompson. It was a monumental shock for the then-reigning FA Cup holders, who had won the competition in the previous season. Another major cup upset involving Manchester United came in the 1990-91 season, when they were beaten by Mark Wright's minnows, Sheffield United. The third division side shocked their more illustrious opponents, winning 2-1 at Old Trafford in a third round replay. Wright himself scored the crucial goal that sent the Blades into the next round. Manchester United were also on the receiving end of a major upset in the 2010-11 season when they were knocked out by arch-rivals Manchester City in the semi-finals. The Red Devils, who had won the competition in the two previous seasons, were beaten 1-0 by a second-half goal from Yaya Toure. The result not only denied Manchester United a place in the final but also marked the beginning of Manchester City's dominance in English football. However, one of the biggest shocks in recent times came in the 2013-14 season when United were beaten by Swansea City in the third round. The Welsh side, who were playing in the Premier League at the time, completely outplayed United in front of their home crowd, winning 2-1. It was a shocking result for the then-reigning Premier League champions, who had been installed as the favorites to win the competition. While Manchester United remain one of the biggest clubs in English football, these results serve as a reminder that they are not invincible. With the FA Cup replay against Cambridge United on the horizon, Van Gaal's side will have to be at their best to avoid a major upset and progress to the fifth round.