article: (CNN) -- At least four people were killed and hundreds more were injured in fresh clashes in the volatile city of Port Said, Egypt's health ministry said Monday. More than 150 of those hurt were still in the hospital as of noon local time, ministry spokesman Dr. Yehya Moussa said. A government security building was set ablaze as police and protesters clashed, witnesses said. The violence snowballed throughout the weekend, as a March 9 verdict date neared for 52 defendants involved in a deadly riot at a soccer game in February 2012. Fear and loathing in Egypt: The fallout from Port Said . Twenty-one defendants already have been sentenced to death for their alleged roles in the so-called "massacre at Port Said," when 74 people were killed and 1,000 injured after the Port Said-based al-Masry team defeated Cairo's al-Ahry 13 months ago. Soccer fans in the restive Egyptian city also clashed with security forces and torched a police station Saturday, according to the interior ministry. The Green Ultras, fans of al-Masry, are often in the middle of political violence. Egypt's football season opens -- with no fans in the stands . Reports surfaced that amid the weekend tumult, soldiers fought with police. And the state-run MENA news agency reported two of the those killed Monday were army conscripts. But a spokesman for Egypt's armed forces denied any conflict between the uniformed personnel. "It is completely untrue that armed forces units in Port Said exchanged fire with police forces during the clashes," Col. Ahmed Ali posted on his Facebook page Sunday night. Port Said, in northeastern Egypt, near the Sinai Peninsula, has had a tense relationship with Cairo dating back about 60 years. Many residents of Port Said felt Egyptian security forces didn't adequately defend the city during the series of wars with Israel that began with the Jewish state's creation in 1948 and ended after the 1973 Arab-Israeli War. In addition, some Port Said residents say the central government doesn't invest enough of the tax dollars it reaps from international ships traveling through the Suez Canal back into in Port Said. Journalist Sarah Sirgany and CNN's Reza Sayah, Amir Ahmed and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Witnesses say a government security building was set ablaze . 4 killed, hundreds injured as Egyptian city Port Said erupts again . Violence is growing as verdict nears for dozens of people accused in deadly riot at 2012 soccer game . Some people in Port Said have long resented Cairo .
id: d40e39a84c05a23712c2d48867606531b6bbe603
chatgpt: Port Said, Egypt – Witnesses say a government security building was set ablaze in the troubled city of Port Said, with at least four people dead and hundreds injured. The violent clashes come as a verdict nears for dozens of people accused in connection with the deadly 2012 soccer game riot. “Things are getting worse and worse in Port Said,” says one resident, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of retribution. “There is a lot anger here.” The incident is the latest in a series of violent outbursts in Port Said, where many people have long felt neglected by the central government in Cairo. The city, located at the entrance of the Suez Canal, has been a hub for trade and commerce for decades, but its fortunes have declined in recent years as political instability has gripped Egypt. Some of the city’s residents blame their woes on Cairo and have long resented what they see as a lack of investment in their community. Those feelings were exacerbated by the deadly soccer game riot in 2012, which left more than 70 people dead and hundreds more injured. The trial of those accused in connection with the riot has been a flashpoint for violence in recent weeks, as many Port Said residents are convinced that the defendants are being unfairly targeted. A verdict in the case is expected soon, and many fear it could trigger even more riots and unrest. Despite the ongoing tensions, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has remained largely silent on the situation in Port Said. Instead, his government has focused on security measures and cracking down on dissent in other parts of the country. For residents of Port Said, that inaction is frustrating and worrying. “We feel like we’ve been abandoned by the government,” says one resident. “We’re scared that things are going to get even worse.”