article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:24 EST, 20 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:03 EST, 21 February 2014 . A camera assistant was killed on a film set today, when a freight train unexpectedly arrived on the Georgia tracks the crew were working on. Four other crew members, who were working on the film Midnight Rider, were seriously injured as the train collided with their set. The crew, and director Randall Miller, had been filming a dream sequence on a railroad, when the train suddenly appeared on the bridge they were on. Tragic: The film crew had been filming near this stretch of track when an unexpected train hit and killed a camera assistant . No warning: The crew working on the film Midnight Rider had not expected a freight train to arrive . Miller, who reportedly fell on the tracks as the crew tried to get out of the train's path, is working on a film about the life of musician Gregg Allman. His crew had been prepared for two trains to pass by as they filmed at about 4pm on Thursday. They had placed a bed on a bridge in Doctortown when a train driver blew his whistle to alert them to an unexpected third train. The team had less than a minute to try to clear the track and get off the bridge before the train, which was heading to Savannah, passed by, Variety reported. A photographer pulled Miller to safety after the director fell on the tracks while trying to move the bed. The rest of the eight-man crew were still leaving the bridge as the train went past, striking and killing the second camera assistant, and throwing debris from the set into the air. Near miss: Director Randall Miller, left, fell on the tracks as he tried to help the crew move part of a set. He is currently filming the life story of musician Gregg Allman . Wayne County Detective Joe Gardner told WSAV3 that eight members of a 20-person crew from Meddin Studios, were involved in the incident. In a statement, train company CSX said it had been 'deeply saddened by a tragedy'. It added: 'Initial reports indicate that at least . three people were injured, one fatally.  CSX personnel are working with . first responders to meet the needs of those injured.' The production company has not yet responded to a request for comment. Production of the film about the Allman Brothers' frontman had only begun this month. The film is due to star William Hurt and Tyson Ritter as Allman in different stages of his life.
highlights: Crew were not expecting freight train as they filmed Gregg Allman movie . Four people injured by debris as movie props were thrown into the air . Director Randall Miller fell on the tracks as he tried to clear the set from the rails .
id: 1460b42d9606cbfe61e188f5147b83f4385c49d9
chatgpt: Four people were injured and the director of a movie about Gregg Allman fell onto the tracks when a freight train unexpectedly passed by the movie set. The incident occurred on Thursday in Wayne County, Georgia where the film "Midnight Rider" was being shot.  According to sources, the crew was filming a scene on a trestle bridge for the movie about the life of the Allman Brothers Band founding member Gregg Allman, when a freight train appeared. Reports suggest that the crew was not expecting the train to pass by as they had only been given permission to film on the tracks for a limited period of time.  As the train approached, the movie props began to fly into the air, injuring four people. The director of the movie, Randall Miller, tried to clear the set from the rails but fell onto the tracks in the process. Miller was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was treated for his injuries.  The other injured crew members were also taken to a hospital in the area for medical care. The injuries suffered by the crew were not believed to be life threatening, but it is unclear at this time what the extent of their injuries were.  Production for "Midnight Rider" has been halted as the investigation into the accident is ongoing. In a statement provided after the incident, the production company said "We are deeply saddened by the loss of our crew members and the injuries sustained by our cast and crew today. Our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families at this time."  On Friday, a spokeswoman for the production company announced that the film's release date had been postponed, citing the need for additional time to gather all the necessary information and ensure the safety of the cast and crew before proceeding with the production.  This is not the first time a movie production has been involved in an accident. In 1982, Vic Morrow and two child actors were killed on the set of "Twilight Zone: The Movie" when a helicopter crashed during filming. In 1993, Brandon Lee, the son of martial arts legend Bruce Lee, was killed on the set of "The Crow" when he was accidentally shot by a prop gun.  The incident at the "Midnight Rider" set is a reminder of the danger associated with movie productions and the importance of safety protocols in the industry. As the investigation into this accident continues, it is hoped that the appropriate measures will be taken to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.