article: Florida theater shooting suspect Curtis Reeves is lonely but confident that his self-defense claim will result in his acquittal, according to jailhouse phone calls released by the state attorney's office. According to CNN affiliate, Bay News 9, the 71-year-old, who is being held without bail on a second-degree murder charge, also tells his daughter he's concerned about the family's finances. "I'm more worried about you all than I'm worried about me," he says. "And we're more worried about you than we are worried about us," Jennifer Shaw, his daughter, responds. "Well, if all the facts come out we all should be in good shape." "I know, but we just hate that you have to be in there right now." In January, Reeves and his wife were attending a showing of "Lone Survivor" at a Wesley Chapel movie theater. Reeves left the theater to report to management that the man in front of him, Chad Oulson, was texting during the previews. When he returned the two exchanged words. Video from the scene appears to show Oulson snatching Reeves' popcorn off his lap and throwing it at him. Reeves responds instantaneously with a single, fatal gunshot. A preliminary hearing suggested the case will come down to whether a jury believe Reeves was intimidated by Oulson and acted in self-defense, or if Reeves overreacted to Oulson texting. In the jailhouse tapes, Reeves tells his daughter she can sell some of the family's belongings if necessary. "If we need money, sell the motorcycle, motorcycle trailer, the kayaks, the trailer and --" Shaw cuts him off: "We have all that under control.  We're not even going to talk about it. Don't waste your time." In another moment captured on tape, his young granddaughter greets him with a "Hi!" "Hey sweetheart, this is Pawpaw. Pawpaw loves you," Reeves said. "Can you tell grandpa 'I love you'?" Shaw asks the child. Her age is not clear, but her voice is that of a very young girl. "Pawpaw, love you," the granddaughter says.
highlights: Curtis Reeves says, "Well, if all the facts come out we all should be in good shape" The 71-year-old is charged with second-degree murder in January theater shooting . In one conversation, Reeves tells daughter to sell motorcycle, kayaks if she needs money . Tapes capture tender moment when he tells granddaughter, "Pawpaw loves you"
id: 495c4d35cce92f04692f6e4bd1aaa245041c1389
chatgpt: Former police captain, Curtis Reeves, has been charged with second-degree murder in relation to a January 2014 theater shooting. Reeves, now 71 years old, has pleaded not guilty and is awaiting trial. However, in recent conversations captured on tape, Reeves appeared to be considering the possibility of a conviction. During a call with his daughter, Reeves was caught advising her to sell her motorcycle and kayaks in order to raise funds. He expressed confidence that "if all the facts come out we all should be in good shape." Reeves' daughter seemed to find the advice practical, but she also expressed concern for her father and urged him to remain hopeful. Despite this, another call showed a tender side to the former police captain. In a conversation with his granddaughter, Reeves tells her, "Pawpaw loves you." The heartwarming exchange appeared to show a softer side to the man facing charges often described as cold and distant. The emotional calls have been released ahead of Reeves' upcoming trial. The former police captain is accused of murdering 43-year-old Chad Oulson in a dispute over texting in a cinema. The incident has shocked cinema-goers across the country and sparked renewed debate about gun control laws. Despite the charges, some supporters of Reeves have remained steadfast. They point to his long and distinguished career in law enforcement as proof that the incident was a tragic accident, rather than a violent act of malice. However, others have criticised Reeves' alleged flippant attitude towards the possibility of a guilty verdict. They argue that his comments show a lack of concern for the victim's family and the severity of the charges he faces. The upcoming trial is expected to shed more light on the incident and provide an opportunity for both sides to argue their case. Whatever the outcome, the tragic events that took place in that cinema are unlikely to be forgotten any time soon, both in the minds of those present and the wider public.