article: A group of schoolboys were caught by police after they were pictured surfing on the back of a bus while wearing rollerskates. The five youngsters, all aged between 12 and 15, were stopped by officers after a shocked bystander took a picture of them hanging on to the back of the bus as it drove up a hill in Dudley, West Midlands. But instead of charging them after they admitted being carried or towed by a motor vehicle, officers thought of a more productive punishment - they made them clean up the local us depot. Dangerous: A group of five youngsters were spotted hitching a ride on the back of a bus on rollerskates . PC Reg Steele, from West Midlands Police, said: 'As this was a minor traffic offence it could have been dealt with in two ways, either through the courts where a fine could have been processed or a community resolution. 'We agreed with National Express West Midlands that a community resolution would be the best solution and would give the youngsters time to think about their reckless actions. As well as cleaning up the depot, the group will also have to clean National Express's fleet of West Midlands buses. Raj Mishra, National Express West Midlands Operations Manager said: 'We hope that by the youngsters working with us to clean our vehicles and spending time on site with us, it will help them understand the dangers of using vehicles to tow them along.' Police guidance suggests officers should use them only for low level offences in which no-one is hurt, or for anti-social behaviour. Punishment: The youngsters, who were filmed by a shocked passer by, were made to clean up a local bus depot and its buses by police . Earlier this year, a schoolboy nicknamed 'the Titch-hiker' was named and shamed by his parents and handed over to police after video footage emerged of him hitching a lift home on the tailbar of a 40-tonne lorry. Sonny Wilson, 12, was captured on film sitting on the back of the truck as it drove through Blackburn, Lancashire. His father David Wilson and mother Karen Brian both saw the footage on Facebook and called the police. Eventually when the TNT delivery lorry slowed down at traffic lights the boy jumped off and gave the occupants of the car behind, who were filming him, a cheeky thumbs up before walking off down the street.
highlights: The group, aged between 12 and 15, were spotted in Dudley, West Midlands . They were made to clean up the local bus depot by police who caught them . The schoolboys will also have to clean up a fleet of National Express buses .
id: 2772f8558a488190316941b10993683197becb26
chatgpt: A group of schoolboys aged between 12 and 15 have been caught by police in Dudley, West Midlands, after causing mischief in the local bus depot. The boys were spotted by the authorities, who promptly made them clean up the premises as punishment. The boys' antics in the bus depot were not specified, but it was enough for the police to become involved. However, instead of simply arresting or reprimanding them, the police decided to teach them a lesson. The boys were made to clean up the bus depot, picking up litter and tidying the surrounding area.  But this was not the end of their punishment. The boys will also have to clean up a fleet of National Express buses as part of their community service. This additional punishment was deemed necessary in order to further teach them the importance of respecting public property and the hard work of essential service workers. A spokesman for the National Express bus company thanked the police for their swift action and decision to extend the boys' punishment to also include cleaning their buses. They emphasized the importance of a clean and safe environment for the company's passengers and employees. The incident has sparked some debate online, with some people praising the police for their punishment and others criticizing it as too harsh. However, many also argue that it is a fair and effective way to teach young people the value of community service and hard work. This is not the first time that punishments like this have been implemented by the police. In fact, community service as punishment for minor offenses has become increasingly popular in recent years, as it not only provides a form of retribution but also teaches young people valuable life lessons. The details of the boys involved in the incident have not been made public, but it is believed that they attend a local school in the area. It is unclear whether the boys or their parents will face any further consequences. Regardless, one thing is certain: these schoolboys will remember their day spent cleaning up the bus depot and the fleet of National Express buses for a long time to come. Hopefully, they will also remember the lesson that was taught to them and think twice before causing mischief in the future.