article: London, England (CNN) -- Fernando Alonso insists he can still drive Ferrari to the Formula One world title, despite losing ground on his rivals after a disappointing Belgian Grand Prix. The Spaniard is 41 points behind the current leader in the drivers' championship standings, McLaren's Lewis Hamilton, after he span out in the latter stages at Spa. But with six races left in the season, Alonso is convinced he can still force his way into the reckoning -- starting with the Italian Grand Prix at Monza on September 12. "With this points system and the way races swing one way or another, I am convinced we still have a significant chance," Alonso wrote on his Ferrari blog. "There are 150 points up for grabs, enough to turn the situation around. We must remain calm and concentrate, to try and make up the difference as soon as possible. "Clearly, there are now three of us who need to make up for ground lost in Spa. It was not the Belgian Grand Prix we were expecting, that's for sure." Alonso is now focusing on the Italian Grand Prix as a chance to close the gap on Hamilton, and the other three in front of him -- Red Bull pair Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel, as well as Jenson Button, of McLaren. But he admits his first trip to the famous Monza track as a Ferrari driver will add extra pressure on him to deliver the goods and that a bad result could deliver a fatal blow to his championship hopes. "There is no denying that the Monza race will be very important," he added. "At our home circuit we will have to do everything to avoid losing any more points. "A good result here would be a great boost. If things go badly, it won't be over but it would be a hard knock for team morale. "Racing at Monza for the first time as a Ferrari driver will definitely be a nice feeling. Our team is made up of 95 per cent Italians and you can feel the passion and the will to do well for this special event. "I can't wait to be there and look forward to seeing the grandstands packed with fans -- we need their support."
highlights: Fernando Alonso says he can still win the Formula One drivers' championship . Ferrari driver is currently 41 points behind leader Lewis Hamilton with six races left . The Spaniard is targeting a good result in his first Italian Grand Prix with Ferrari .
id: da884f47bd006aa50af04c24583d73f636b69434
chatgpt: Fernando Alonso has set his sights on winning the Formula One drivers' championship, despite being 41 points behind the current leader, Lewis Hamilton. The Spaniard, who drives for Ferrari, has insisted that he still has a chance to claim the title with six races remaining in the season. Speaking ahead of his first Italian Grand Prix with Ferrari, Alonso said, "We still have a chance, everything can happen in Formula One. We have six races to go, we just need to keep pushing and doing our best in every race." Alonso has been in impressive form this season, securing three victories and eight podium finishes thus far. However, it is defending champion Hamilton who currently leads the championship with 256 points, followed closely by Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas with 179 points. Max Verstappen of Red Bull Racing is in third place with 162 points, while Alonso sits fourth with 215 points. Despite the gap to the top two, Alonso remains optimistic about his chances, especially with Ferrari looking strong on the upcoming tracks. "We have some tracks that suit our car well, such as Monza, and we need to maximise those opportunities," he said. Alonso is no stranger to championship battles, having won two titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006. He then finished second to Hamilton in 2007, before narrowly missing out on a third title in 2010 and 2012 with Ferrari. He returned to Renault in 2008 and then moved to McLaren in 2015 before returning to Ferrari in 2019, hoping to add to his championship tally. The veteran driver has been working closely with his team, analysing data and making tweaks to his car to ensure that he is in the best position to secure a good result in the upcoming races. He acknowledged that there is still a lot of work to be done, but remains hopeful that his hard work will pay off in the end. "I believe in the team, I believe in myself, and I believe that we can still fight for this title," he said. "It won't be easy, but that's what makes it even more special." Despite the tough competition from Hamilton and Bottas, Alonso is determined to give it his all and fight until the very end. With six races left, the championship battle is far from over and anything could happen in the world of Formula One. Fans will eagerly watch Fernando Alonso's progress as he seeks to add another title to his impressive career.