article: With stunning views and a beachfront location, it is widely considered the best finishing hole in golf. But today, Pebble Beach's iconic 18th hole looks a bit different from usual after a ferocious storm uprooted one of the two Cypress trees dotting the fairway. The trees, which were planted near the landing area in 2004 in the place of another pair of diseased trees, play into the strategy of the tee shot at the hole in the California coastal resort. Wrecked: Pebble Beach's iconic par-5 18th hole looks a bit different from usual today after a violent storm uprooted one of the two Cypress trees dotting the fairway. Above, the downed tree is seen on the fairway . Famous: Golfer Davis Love III plays his second shot beside the now-wrecked tree in September this year . Speaking of the uprooting, United States Golf Association (USGA) official Ron Read said: 'I was standing on the 18th tee and conservatively, the wind was blowing at least 40 miles an hour.' He added that despite taking a photo of the fairway during the winter storm, he did not notice the downed tree until he examined the picture later,Golf Digest reported. Following the incident on Thursday, only one Cypress tree still sits on the fairway, around 300 yards from the championship tees, that would continue to affect players' strategies. However, it is possible that officials may not be able to find and plant a replacement tree in time for the PGA Tour's annual stop at the site as part of the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. Stormy: The two Cypress trees were planted near the California golf course's landing area in 2004 in the place of another pair of diseased trees. Above, the downed tree is seen lying on its side in the top left of this photo . The competition is due to be played from February 12 to 15, 2015. The tree is the third to fall on a golf course in 2014. Earlier this year, the Eisenhower Tree on the 17th hole at Augusta National was completely damaged in an ice storm in February. Meanwhile, an overhanging tree at the sixth hole at TPC Sawgrass, was cut down in October. Resort: It is possible that officials may not be able to find and plant a replacement tree in time for the PGA Tour's annual stop at the site as part of the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am. Above, Pebble Beach .
highlights: Cypress tree was uprooted at Pebble Beach's 18th hole on Thursday . Tree was one of a pair on California resort's fairway, planted in 2004 . Officials may not be able to plant another  in time for PGA Tour 2015 . It is the third tree to fall on golf course in 2014; tree at Augusta National was damaged in ice storm, while one at TPC Sawgrass, was cut down .
id: 323418f12628300ed0c81aa10f43e67f7b7f6028
chatgpt: A major storm that hit Pebble Beach on Thursday uprooted one of the iconic cypress trees on the resort's 18th hole. The tree was one of a pair that had been planted on the fairway in 2004, and its demise is likely to be felt keenly by golfers who have played the course over the years.  Officials at the resort are reportedly considering whether they will be able to replace the tree in time for the upcoming PGA Tour 2015. This is not the first time that the Pebble Beach course has been affected by tree damage. In fact, this marks the third tree to fall on the golf course in 2014.  Earlier in the year, a tree at the iconic Augusta National course in Georgia was damaged in an ice storm, leading to its removal. Similarly, at the TPC Sawgrass course in Florida, a large tree was cut down as a result of a fungal infection.  The cypress trees at Pebble Beach have long been an iconic feature of the California resort. Edged by the rugged coastline and with stunning views over the Pacific Ocean, the picturesque tree-lined course has played host to countless golfing legends over the years.  Last year, the famous Lone Cypress tree, located near the 17th hole, also suffered damage as a result of a storm. Despite its precarious location on a rocky outcrop that juts out into the ocean, the tree miraculously remained standing, a testament to the resilience of the species.  The loss of the 18th hole cypress tree is no doubt a blow to both the resort and to golf enthusiasts around the world. However, given the impressive track record of tree maintenance at Pebble Beach, it seems likely that officials will work hard to ensure that the impact of the loss is kept to a minimum.  Whether a replacement for the uprooted cypress is found in time for the PGA Tour 2015 remains to be seen. In the meantime, golfers and fans alike will no doubt continue to appreciate the beauty and challenge of one of the world's most iconic golf courses.