article: By . Claire Bates . PUBLISHED: . 06:01 EST, 20 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 08:26 EST, 20 August 2012 . A horse riding charity is helping wounded British soldiers to cope with their injuries - by teaching them cowboy skills. They invited servicemen and women coping with amputated limbs or psychological problems after serving in a war zone to spend a few weeks in the beautiful surroundings of Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. During the course they learn how to . ride Western style, as well as how to herd on a range. They also receive adventure training and bush craft skills. The horses help them to increase their mobility as well as providing a therapeutic benefit. Serving Paratrooper Scott Meenagh works with an American Quarter Horse on June 28, 2012 . Former Royal Marine Vince Manley lost both his legs in Iraq in 2006. He had served in Northern Ireland and Sierra Leone . The founders of Horseback UK,  Jock and Emma Hutchison, said their courses gave soldiers re-found confidence and a more positive outlook on their futures. They started the charity three years ago and their team includes some ex-military volunteers. They use American Quarter hoses, which are known for their calm temperaments. Mr Hutchison said the courses gave people time to consider what they wanted to do next. A recent attendee was Pte . Scott Meenagh, of the Parachute Regiment, who lost both legs after . stepping on an improvised explosive device in Afghanistan in 2011. The 23-year-old's friend and colleague . was killed trying to reach him, but despite the tragedy Mr Meenagh has . taken up several sports including ice hocked and sailing to raise money for veterans. Equine therapy: Former Royal Marine Vince Manley (left) and Andy Harrold, formerly of the RAF (right) Former Royal Marine, Jock Hutchison set up Horseback UK with his wife Emma . Testimonials on the website revealed that working with horses had helped many come to terms with post-traumatic stress disorder. Another course attendee said: 'I have learnt that I am stubborn but determined and still able to . learn. I can laugh again and know what fun is. I thank you so much for . this chance as I now realise I am not on the scrap heap and have a . chance at life again.' For more information about HorseBack UK visit http://www.horseback.org.uk/ .
highlights: Servicemen and women learn how to ride Western style, as well as how to herd on a range . Course boosts confidence and gives soldiers the time to think about their futures .
id: 1eafa49ba6efb01316ae79bc0ef16facd82ecd1c
chatgpt: The United States Armed Forces are always seeking new ways to keep their servicemen and women engaged and motivated, and one recent course has had an unexpected result. A group of soldiers at Fort Bliss, a United States Army installation in Texas, have recently completed a course on Western horse riding and herding, which proved to be more than just a new skill to add to their resume. The course, designed to boost confidence and help soldiers find a moment of peace and relaxation in a tough and high-pressure environment, offered participants the chance to learn how to ride Western-style and herd on a range. Many of the soldiers, who came from different backgrounds and levels of experience in horse riding, found the course more challenging than they had anticipated, but also more rewarding. For some, the sense of control and mastery over their horse felt like a welcome break from the chaos of daily life. "It's really nice to be out here, doing something that's not just about training, but that also gets your mind off things," said Private Jackson, one of the participants. "Knowing that I can handle a horse and a situation like this makes me feel good about myself." The course, which was offered to soldiers from a range of units and ranks, also provided an opportunity for them to socialize and bond with each other in a new and different way. As they worked together to herd cattle and navigate the range, they had to communicate and coordinate in order to achieve their goals. For some, this was a refreshing change from the hierarchical and regimented structure of military life. In addition to the practical skills they learned, many of the soldiers also found that the course gave them a chance to reflect on their future goals and aspirations. "Sometimes, when you're in the middle of a deployment or in a high-pressure situation, it's hard to think about anything beyond just getting through the day," said Sergeant Williams, one of the instructors. "But out here, with these horses and this landscape, you have time to reflect and think about what you want to do next." Overall, the course was a success, not just in terms of the skills soldiers learned, but in the sense of camaraderie and personal growth it fostered. As the soldiers rode off into the sunset, some of them already planning their next horse riding adventure, it was clear that this unexpected new pastime had made a positive impact on their lives.