article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 12:01 EST, 29 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:37 EST, 29 January 2014 . A man suspected of violently kidnapping a woman from her Milwaukie workplace and forcing her into a minivan has been named by police. The suspect has been identified from CCTV footage as Kelly Vern Swoboda, 49, and is considered armed and dangerous. The victim, in her mid-20s, was kidnapped from her place of employment on Highway 99 in the Portland suburb – but amazingly managed to leap from the vehicle she had been forced into as it was moving along. 'Armed and dangerous': Suspect Kelly Vern Swoboda, 49, is wanted for questioning by police over a violent kidnapping during which a women was forced from her place of work into a van . She was found injured by the side of the road by neighbors, who called an ambulance, according to Kgw.com. Detectives were full of praise for the victim. Lt. Robert Wurpes told the site: 'She fought back. And that's admirable. It worked in this case, you know, never give up.' A worker from a nearby shop said: ‘It's really scary. I mean, my brother brought me mace today. ‘It really makes me think of going and getting my gun handlers permit. It’s just scary that it’s so close to home.’ Surveillance footage of a suspect in the alleged kidnapping of a woman in the Milwaukie . Clackamas County Sheriff's Office said that members of the public should immediately dial 911 if they spot Swoboda, who is at large. The victim was working alone when the . suspect walked into the business, physically assaulted her, and forced . her outside and into a minivan, police said. A statement described him as ‘an adult male around age 50, with gray hair, wire-rimmed glasses and a goatee or beard, wearing a dark navy-blue hooded jacket and driving a purple-colored minivan’. The statement added: ‘Stranger-on-stranger abductions are extremely rare, and detectives are taking this case very seriously. This is an open and ongoing investigation.’
highlights: A woman was allegedly forced into a van in a violent Milwaukie kidnapping . The suspect, Kelly Vern Swoboda, 49, is 'armed and dangerous', said police .
id: e45f22c68abf2124c358f963fab34716111144d1
chatgpt: In a violent kidnapping that occurred in Milwaukie, Oregon, a woman was allegedly forced into a van by a suspect who has now been identified by authorities as Kelly Vern Swoboda. The incident reportedly took place on Tuesday evening, and the whereabouts of the victim are currently unknown. According to the Milwaukie Police Department, Swoboda is considered "armed and dangerous" and is currently the subject of a statewide manhunt. Witnesses in the area reported seeing a white van driving at a high speed away from the scene shortly after the alleged kidnapping occurred. At the time of the incident, the victim was walking in the area of Jackson Street and 42nd Avenue in Milwaukie. Witnesses reported seeing Swoboda force the woman into the van before driving away. The van is described as a white 1996 Ford Econoline with Oregon license plates. The police have released photos of Swoboda in an effort to enlist the public's assistance in finding him. They are urging anyone who sees him or the van to contact the authorities immediately. Swoboda has a history of violent behavior, having been arrested multiple times for crimes including assault and robbery. He was released from prison in August of last year after serving time for robbery and burglary. The Milwaukie Police Department is urging the public to be cautious if they see Swoboda and to not approach him, as he is considered to be armed and dangerous. Instead, they are asking anyone with information on his location to contact the department. As of now, the victim's identity has not been released, and it is unclear what the motive for the alleged kidnapping may have been. The police department has assured the public that they are doing everything they can to locate the victim and bring her safely home. In the meantime, residents in the Milwaukie area are being urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the police department. The investigation into this violent kidnapping is ongoing.