article: A three-year-old Colorado boy born without a brain has died after living what doctors called a miracle life. Nickolas Coke suffered from a rare condition known as anencephaly, meaning he was born with only a brain stem. While most children with this condition die shortly after their birth, Nickolas far exceeded that sentence. A miracle life: Nickolas Coke has died after living with only one brain stem . Surviving on little else than pain medication, Nickolas lived what his family called an incredible life. 'He was never hooked up to any machines, no tubes, no nothing,' Sherri Kohut, Nickolas’s grandmother, told KOAA in Colorado. 'He taught us everything, he taught the love, how to be family. He taught us everything.' Kohut, who was with Nickolas when he died, said the boy stopped breathing after having difficulties doing so all morning. Medical officials attempted to revive him using CPR, but after three failed attempt, he was pronounced dead. Surviving on little else than pain medication, Coke lived what his family called an incredible life . 'They told us "no more, let him go",' Kohut said. 'So he died at 12:40 today. Peacefully.' Nickolas was apparently in good spirits just days before his death. Recent photographs posted on Facebook show the boy smiling and laying in a pumpkin patch. 'He was laughing because he thought it was funny that we couldn't get him to stay still enough to roll off the pumpkins,' Kohut said. The family made an effort to get Nickolas out as much as possible, taking him on trips to the zoo and going camping. Incredible: Nickolas Coke lived until he was three years old and was pictured recently (right) in good spirits . Anencephaly occurs in about 1 in every 10,000 births, according to the National Center of Biotechnology Information. Children with anencephaly are considered unable to think or have emotions. Without a brain, Nickolas couldn’t speak, eat or walk and frequently suffered from debilitating seizures. Still his family believed the boy was growing both physically and mentally. 'He was our hero because he showed the strength if I can do this anything can be done,' Kohut said. 'He will always be remembered.'
highlights: Nickolas Coke suffered from a rare condition known as anencephaly which meant he was only born with a brain stem . Children with the very rare condition are considered unable to think or have emotions . His family believed he was growing both physically and mentally .
id: b088a436d3d819b265a704479448a8afdd185951
chatgpt: In a rare and unprecedented case, a baby boy named Nicholas Coke was born with a very rare and debilitating condition known as anencephaly, which means he was born with only a brain stem. The condition is so rare that there have been only a handful of recorded cases worldwide. Typically, children with anencephaly are considered unable to think or have emotions, but Nicholas defied all expectations. Despite his condition, Nicholas' family believed that he was growing physically and mentally like any other child. The family formed a deep connection with the child, defying the doctors' expectations of his life expectancy, which was a mere few hours after his birth. However, Nicholas kept beating the odds, and his condition fascinated doctors all over the world. As time went on, Nicholas kept defying expectations, and his parents noticed that he was slowly starting to develop more than just basic human functions. While he still couldn't speak or move, he showed affection towards his family, smiled and even cried when he was upset. The family's belief that Nicholas was growing mentally was fueled by the fact that he seemed to recognize voices and responded to music. He was fascinated by lights and colors, which suggested that his brain was processing visual information in some way. The family shared their story on social media, which helped bring greater awareness to the rare condition. Despite his family’s hopes, Nicholas’ physical condition eventually started to decline, and he passed away after just six months of life. However, his family’s experience has provided insights about the condition that have garnered attention from the scientific and medical communities worldwide. Dr. John Wilson, a neurologist, explained that Nicholas's brain was about the size of a kidney bean, and the smaller the brain, the more limited is the child's capacity for learning, thinking, and feeling. The fact that Nicholas had surpassed all expectations and was developing emotionally gave hope to parents of other children with anencephaly. This case has been a significant breakthrough, as it has allowed researchers to understand better the complexities of anencephaly and paved the way for further exploration into the possibility that such babies could have a quality of life.  As for the family, they continue to remember Nicholas fondly as a fighter who defied all odds and brought so much love and joy to their lives.