article: By . James  Nye . A Virginia construction worker who had fallen into a muddy 18-feet deep trench was dramatically rescued early on Friday morning. The worker endured an eight-hour ordeal down the collapsed trench in Falls Church and was pulled from the hole shortly after midnight. The man was conscious throughout the operation by Fairfax County Hire and Rescue Department which occurred when the muddy, rain-soaked ground collapsed beneath him during a home extension project. Scroll Down for Video . Rescue: The man was pulled from the 18-feet deep hole on Friday morning just after midnight after an eight-hour rescue operation . The construction worker was visibly relieved to be released from his muddy tomb and appeared to thank rescue workers before he was put in an ambulance and taken away for treatment. A team of 70 or so staff pulled the unidentified man out and Robert Konczal, a Fairfax County fire department spokesman told the Washington Post the process was 'a very meticulous, arduous task'. Relief: The man was pulled from the trench holding a hot water bottle for warmth after being stuck in the hole for eight hours . Cold: The man had been stuck in the deep trench since 4pm after working on home extensions in Falls Church in Virginia . Thank god: A Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department spokesman says the man was freed early Friday morning, shortly after midnight . The rescue began around 4 p.m. Thursday and concluded just after midnight. The operation was complicated by several days worth of rain which had soaked the groud and rescuers put tubing around the worker to alleviate the pressure and to provide warmth. Talking: The man was conscious and alert throughout the evening as rescuers worked to free him from the 12-feet-deep trench . Accident: The trench collapsed around 4 p.m. Thursday in a yard off Venice Street, buying the man up to his chest in mud . Rescued: Dozens of crews helped a construction worker trapped inside a trench in Northern Virginia, in a dramatic operation that took eight hours . Neighbors told News4 construction workers had been there since Wednesday digging the trench. 'They were replacing a water and sewer line next door and apparently the excavation caved in,' neighbor Nina Andgren said.
highlights: More than 60 rescue workers battled to pull the construction worker from muddy trench in Falls Church, Virgina .
id: b7af470199c0ef7eb46945fe68438d426e426608
chatgpt: In a dramatic rescue operation, more than 60 rescue workers battled to pull a construction worker from a muddy trench in Falls Church, Virginia. The worker had become trapped in the trench at a construction site located at the intersection of Route 7 and Haycock Road. The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon when the man was working on a construction project at the site. According to eyewitnesses, the worker was digging in the trench when he suddenly became trapped in the mud. Immediately, rescue workers from the local fire and emergency department were called to the scene to assist with the situation. The rescue operation involved dozens of workers from the department, as well as the deployment of specialized equipment such as cranes and excavators. Despite the difficult conditions and the challenging terrain, rescue workers continued to work tirelessly to free the trapped construction worker. After several hours of grueling work, they were able to pull the man from the muddy trench and rush him to a nearby hospital. Local authorities say that the quick and decisive actions of the rescue workers were instrumental in saving the life of the construction worker. The attendant risks of such operations cannot be underestimated given the specialized equipment and expertise required for success. However, the responder's training and equipment helped them work efficiently under challenging conditions, and the rescue was carried out well. Experts have long warned about the risks of construction work, which is considered one of the most dangerous occupations worldwide. Muddy conditions pose a particular hazard, putting workers at risk of getting trapped in trenches or sinking into the mud. This is primarily because muddy soils have poor stability and are prone to failure. Nonetheless, workers continue to perform these duties- risking their lives in the process. Even though safety precautions are taken, hazards can still occur, which sometimes result in tragic accidents that cause permanent damage or death. In the wake of the rescue in Falls Church, community members are hailing the work of the brave men and women who helped pull the worker out of the trench.  There has been an outpouring of support and appreciation from all quarters, leading to the development of new safety measures being proposed to further ensure the safety of workers involved in similar operations in the future.  The construction company involved in the incident has also released a statement thanking the rescuers and promising to investigate and address the safety concerns raised in the wake of the incident.