article: Joe Arpaio (pictured here in 2004) has asked US Attorney General Eric Holder for £38million dollars after his department was found guilty of singling out Latinos for traffic and immigration stops . America's self-proclaimed toughest sheriff has asked the federal government for $38million claiming they gave his officers faulty immigration training.Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who became famous for his zero tolerance policy on immigration, was found guilty in May of singling out Latinos in traffic stops and detaining them for unreasonably long times.But he has now claimed Washington owes him $38million after it provided faulty training, teaching his deputies it was acceptable to use race as grounds for a traffic stop or immigration check. In an open letter to Eric Holder, the Attorney General, Arpaio asked for $30 million in compliance costs - including fitting cameras to officer's cars, retraining deputies, and hiring a court monitor to track the department's activities - $1.2 million in legal fees for his defence, and more than $7 million in legal fees being sought by the lawyers who won the case.In May, U.S. District Judge Murray Snow ruled Arpaio's office systematically singled out Latinos in its regular traffic and immigration patrols. Arpaio disputes the finding and has appealed the decision.Cecillia Wang, a lawyer who brought the case on behalf of the Latino community, told Fox News: 'It's a complete whitewash for the sheriff to claim that the federal government is the one to blame.' Arpaio is claiming that Washington has . backed out of a pledge to pay the legal costs of 100 deputies who were . once given the authority to make federal immigration stops and were . trained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Arpaio, who began the first female chain gang (pictured), claims his officers were given faulty federal immigration training and that Washington should now pay for the cost of complying with new regulations, his defence lawyers, and costs sought by the prosecution . However, after the power to make federal immigration stops was withdrawn, Arpaio continued to make stops under state law, and announced he would be training all 881 officer to made the checks.Judge Murray Snow's ruling doesn't altogether bar Arpaio from enforcing the state's immigration laws, but it does impose a long list of restrictions on the sheriff's patrols, some of which focused heavily on Latino areas in the county.The ruling prohibited the selection of ‘particular communities, locations or geographic areas for targeted traffic enforcement based to any degree on the racial or ethnic composition of the community.’The order also prohibits using race as a factor in deciding whether to stop a vehicle with a Latino occupant or detaining Latino passengers only on the suspicion that they're in the country illegally.
highlights: In May Sheriff Joe Arpaio's department was found guilty of singling out Latinos for traffic stops and immigration checks . Arpaio now claims his officers were given faulty federal training . In a letter to U.S. Attorney General he says Washington owes him $38million . He wants $30million to conform with regulations - including fitting cameras to cars - $1.2million for his defence and $7million for prosecution lawyers .
id: 7cb50318d387165ee2272ea74e074ca14ce8f16a
chatgpt: Former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was found guilty in May of discriminating against Latinos, has alleged that his officers were given erroneous training by the federal government, leading to wrongful traffic stops and immigration checks. Arpaio has now written a letter to the US Attorney General, enclosing a bill of $38m, which he claims Washington owes his department. The former sheriff, who is known for his tough stance on immigration, believes that $30m of the total sum can be used to ensure that his department complies with regulations. He aims to use the funds to equip department squad cars with cameras and to pay for training costs.  Furthermore, he has requested $1.2m to cover his defense costs, and another $7m for the attorneys who handled his prosecution. Arpaio is not wrong to claim that his department had received training from the federal government. The training, however, came under criticism from civil rights advocates, who claimed that it was racially biased, lacking empathy, and ultimately resulted in abuse and racial profiling. Arpaio's contentions that the training provided by the government was inadequate might be borne out by the fact that his department was found guilty by a federal judge of violating the rights of Latinos, who were unjustly stopped and detained based on their appearance. Critics of Arpaio's training have highlighted its lack of sensitivity and empathy towards minority groups, with some observers claiming that the training sessions featured Hollywood-style depictions of police confrontations, which focused on a cops-versus-robbers mentality. The Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office touted the training sessions, which began in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, as a way for local law enforcement to bolster their protocols for curbing illegal immigration through traffic stops and street enquiries. However, Arpaio's request for funds from Washington has been challenged by civil rights activists, who claim that the former sheriff is using the dispute to hold on to money that was meant to be spent on the Latino community. In May, Arpaio was found guilty of criminal contempt for defying a federal order to stop racially profiling Latinos during traffic stops. The verdict came on the back of a separate class-action lawsuit that ruled the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office had racially profiled Latinos during traffic stops and raids. Arpaio, who lost his bid for re-election last fall, has been a controversial figure both locally and nationally. He was praised by some conservatives as a crusader for immigration enforcement but was also widely criticized for his methods and a pattern of controversial policing, which had been the subject of continued lawsuits and allegations of abuse. In conclusion, the allegations made by Arpaio are significant and could further shine a spotlight on the inadequacies of police training nationwide, particularly in terms of training offered to small, local departments. Arpaio appears to have seized the opportunity presented by the Department of Justice, which recently announced plans to scrutinize local police training. However, civil rights advocates contend that this is just another example where the former sheriff has sought to benefit financially from racial profiling. Whether or not Arpaio is successful in his bid for compensation, his remarks have garnered media attention and highlighted a pressing issue for social justice advocates."