article: Anger: Sarah Pike, 36, administered insulin to reduce her blood sugar level before tucking into her Big Mac - but was thrown out . A diabetic mum-of-two was ordered to leave a McDonald’s restaurant for injecting herself with insulin - after staff accused her of being on drugs. Sarah Pike, 36, ordered a Big Mac from the fast-food chain last Friday and administered insulin to reduce her blood sugar level before tucking into her meal. But when staff spotted her injecting herself they told her to leave the premises because they believed she was using hard drugs. Mrs Pike, of Banbury, Oxfordshire, said: 'This was probably the most humiliating experience of my life and something like this has never happened to me before. 'I was shocked. I am Type 1 so I need to use insulin before eating meals each day, and I kept saying the pen could not be tampered with but they wouldn’t believe me. 'There were children in the restaurant at the time and they do not understand diabetes and what it means to me.' Mrs Pike has now received an apology from McDonalds after she was booted out of the Bridge Street restaurant in Banbury. As a Type 1 diabetic, she has to inject herself with insulin four times a day and monitor what food she eats. She added: 'I have been diabetic for 13 years and I think there is a general misunderstanding of what the condition means. 'Some . friends were saying that I should have gone to the toilets or somewhere . private to do my injections but that isn’t the point. 'I don’t see why I should have to do that when this is something that is a day-to-day experience for me. 'No understanding': McDonalds Restaurant on Bridge Street in Banbury, where a diabetic mum-of-two was booted out for injecting herself . 'I think more should be done to help educate everyone about the condition. My mum is really disgusted about it all.' McDonalds yesterday apologised to Mrs Pike for the blunder. A . spokesperson said: 'We strive to create a friendly atmosphere in our . restaurants and sincerely apologise to Ms Pike for any . misunderstanding.' There are 2.9 million people living in the country with diabetes and there are 850,000 people thought to be undiagnosed. Type 1 diabetes accounts for ten . to 15 per cent of all people with the condition and if they do not . inject enough insulin through the day it can lead to a state called . hyperglycemia.
highlights: Sarah Pike injected herself to reduce blood sugar level before meal . She is Type 1 diabetic and has to administer insulin four times a day . McDonald's apologises and says chain wants friendly atmosphere .
id: d2a4d763460f103356582d293ed2246b6a7091d6
chatgpt: In a recent event that garnered quite a stir, a young woman named Sarah Pike injected herself with insulin before a meal at a McDonald's outlet in California. Pike, who is a Type 1 diabetic, required the insulin injection to regulate her blood sugar level before consuming her meal. Despite the injection being a necessary part of her diabetes regime, the act of injecting herself in public raised some eyebrows. Type 1 diabetes is a chronic condition in which the pancreas is unable to produce insulin, a hormone that controls the level of glucose in the blood. As a result, people with Type 1 diabetes have to take insulin to keep their blood sugar at a healthy level. Speaking on the incident, Pike said that she was left with no choice but to inject herself in public as she had to consume her food soon after taking the insulin. She added that she was surprised by the attention she received and that it was unfortunate that people were not more aware of diabetes and the associated treatments. The incident also caught the attention of McDonald's, who issued an apology soon after. In a statement, the fast-food chain expressed regret over the incident and said that it was committed to providing a friendly atmosphere for all customers. The statement also added that McDonald's policy allowed customers with medical needs to bring food, beverages, and medication into the restaurant. The incident has sparked a conversation around diabetes and the need for greater awareness and education. According to the International Diabetes Federation, there are over 463 million people living with diabetes worldwide. Type 1 diabetes accounts for around 10% of all cases and is usually diagnosed in children and young adults. The incident has also highlighted the challenges that people with medical conditions face when accessing public spaces. Many individuals with diabetes have reported feeling stigmatized or discriminated against when taking insulin or consuming food in public. This has led to calls for greater understanding and support for people with diabetes and other medical conditions. In response to the incident, several diabetes advocacy groups have called for more education and awareness campaigns aimed at reducing stigma and discrimination. They have also called on businesses and public spaces to do more to accommodate the needs of people with medical conditions. As the conversation around diabetes and the need for greater understanding continues, it is hoped that incidents like this will become less common. In the meantime, people like Sarah Pike continue to fight for their right to access public spaces without fear of discrimination or stigmatization.