article: By . Eddie Wrenn . PUBLISHED: . 06:16 EST, 5 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:57 EST, 6 October 2012 . Charity dance: Ben Hammond, pictured at the start of his journey, is now in hospital in Yeovil . A fundraiser who was dancing the length of Britain in a yellow-green tutu has halted his charity bid - after being mowed down by a 'drink-driver'. Flamboyant Ben Hammond was meant to be skipping and twirling from John O'Groats to Land's End to raise awareness of the oppression in Burma. But he is recovering in hospital today after an alleged drunk driver struck him and his support rider Alice Tanswell. The two were nearing the town of Polsham, Somerset, at around 10pm on Wednesday when they were struck by a passing car. Ben, 34, suffered concussion and cuts and bruises while Alice had a minor injuries. Both were taken to Yeovil Hospital, with Alice discharged and Ben kept in overnight. He is expected to be discharged shortly and will continue with his challenge. The teacher had been in the final fortnight of his challenge, which has seen him dancing the length of the UK in a neon yellow tutu after setting off on August 13. Ben, from Bradford-on-Avon, Wiltshire, chose to dance his way down south to show the sort of freedom Brits have which isn't afforded to the people of Burma. He is hoping to raise £50,000 to support the work of Amnesty International, the Burma Campaign UK and LearnBurma. His mother Judith said: 'He's okay and hopefully will be released from hospital to come back to Bradford-on-Avon to recover. 'He is devastated as he had completed the majority of the journey and was due to finish next week.' Scroll down for video . Ben Hammond and his support rider Alice Tanswell were both knocked over in the suspected drink-driving accident near Wells . A spokesperson for Dance Britain said Ben was sitting up in hospital and was expected to be released shortly. She said: 'He's got a pretty bad headache, and lots of bruises. He's got bad cuts on his back and concussion. 'He's . very, very keen to get back on with the dancing, but the trike is . pretty much a right-off. We're not sure when he'll be back.' The . teacher was inspired to take up the mission after he taught in a . refugee camp on the Thai/Burma border and was shocked by the lack of . freedom the people had. Alanna . Rugg, 25, has been charged with drinking and driving, failing to stop . at the scene of an accident and failing to report an accident. She has been bailed to appear at South Somerset Magistrates' Court on October 19. Ben Hammond, pictured outside Bath, is currently in Yeovil Hospital receiving treatment . Dancing away: Ben was hoping to dance from John O'Groats to Land's End - but his bid was cut short .
highlights: Ben Hammond, 34, is in hospital today after he and his support rider was knocked over . Fundraiser was dancing to raise awareness of oppression in Burma . Police arrest female driver, 25, following incident on Wednesday evening .
id: dde02bdec1669da5f996ab464348a60c8d82e69f
chatgpt: Ben Hammond, a 34-year-old man from Oxford, is currently being treated at the hospital after he and his support rider were knocked over while participating in a fundraising effort to raise awareness of oppression in Burma. The incident took place on Wednesday evening, and the police have already arrested a 25-year-old female driver in connection with the incident. Hammond was participating in a charity dance marathon outside the city's shopping center, with the goal of raising awareness of the plight of Burmese natives who have been increasingly targeted by the country's military junta. The event, which was due to last 24-hours, was organised by the Oxford branch of an activist group called “Burma Action” and included several performers and participants raising money for the cause. It was during one of the dance routines when the incident occurred. Hammond and his support rider were knocked over by a car, which was later traced by the police to a 25-year-old woman who is now in custody. It is believed the driver lost control of her vehicle and veered off the road, hitting into the charity participants. Hammond's support rider escaped with minor injuries, but Hammond was initially believed to have more serious injuries and was taken to hospital. The charity event had begun just a few hours earlier, and it was supposed to last for the entire day. Details of the accident quickly spread through social media as well-wishers expressed their concern for Hammond, and also demanded answers as to how the incident could have taken place at a peaceful charity event. Some people took to social media to express their outrage and called for urgent safety measures to be introduced to protect participants at similar events in the future. Police were quick to respond following the accident and arrested the driver of the car. The police released a statement confirming the driver's arrest and also asked for any witnesses to come forward and assist with their investigation. Following her arrest, the driver was taken to a nearby police station where officers questioned her concerning the incident. The organisers of the event were shocked and saddened by the occurrence. They had hoped to raise awareness about the oppression occurring in Burma and had also raised money for the cause. However, these events had been overshadowed by the tragic incident, but the group vowed to continue their efforts. The accident had attracted national attention and gained momentum on social media. People from all walks of life have come forward to express their support and to offer their assistance in whatever way they can. Although the event had ended prematurely due to the incident, the organisers could take solace in the fact that the community had rallied around them during this difficult time, and that the message of raising awareness about Burma's plight had been heard loud and clear.