article: Retired army Gen. Otto Perez Molina was sworn in as Guatemala's president Saturday, pledging to take a tough stand on crime amid growing insecurity in the Central American nation. "We have a country in crisis ... a nation very close to an economic and moral breakdown," he said. "Today, there is an air of hope." Concerns about violence in Guatemala, which has worsened as Mexican drug cartels have stepped up operations in parts of the country, dominated last year's vote. In a Vox Latina national survey in July, more than two-thirds of Guatemalans said violence was what concerned them most, far outpacing the combined totals for the economy, unemployment, poverty and lack of education. The 61-year-old retired general pledged to bring a "mano dura" -- firm hand -- to Guatemala's highest office. In a debate co-hosted by CNN en Español last year, Perez Molina called for "elite units of the army" to play a larger role in the nation's battle against gangs and drug cartels. That approach -- and Perez Molina's high rank in the military during Guatemala's decades-long civil war -- worries human rights groups in Guatemala and abroad. Concerns stem from the fact that the Guatemalan military committed multiple atrocities during the civil war, although Perez Molina has never been directly implicated in any of them. Poverty is endemic in Guatemala, and the country has one of the worst crime rates in Latin America. Forty-three percent of children under 5 are chronically malnourished. And the murder rate in 2010 was 42 per 100,000 people -- one of the highest in the world. Last year marked only the fourth time that Guatemala has held presidential elections since peace accords were signed in 1996, officially ending a civil war that devastated the country for 36 years. The conflict left more than 100,000 people dead and a million refugees.
highlights: Retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina pledges to take a tough stand on crime . "Today, there is an air of hope," he says . Security issues loomed large during last year's campaign .
id: 09d8857215cb52af8b41b33dff8dbc03f6bd42d9
chatgpt: Former Guatemalan President, Retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina, has vowed to take a tough stand on crime in the country. Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Perez Molina expressed hope that crime levels could be reduced under his leadership. The retired general's comments come after he promised to focus heavily on security issues during his campaign. "Today, there is an air of hope," Perez Molina said at a press conference held in the capital, Guatemala City. "We are committed to keeping the people of this country safe and secure." Security issues were a major focus of Perez Molina's campaign, which saw him win the presidency in November 2011. At the time, Guatemala was experiencing some of the highest crime rates in the region, with frequent incidents of robbery, kidnapping, and murder. Under Perez Molina's leadership, the government introduced a range of measures intended to tackle crime, including the deployment of extra police and military personnel to crime hotspots. The retired general also established a new task force dedicated to combating organized crime and made significant investments in training and equipping the country's security forces. At the press conference, Perez Molina noted that while Guatemala still faced significant challenges, he was convinced that progress was being made. "There are still many obstacles to overcome," he said. "But I'm confident that our efforts will pay dividends in the long run." Despite Perez Molina's optimism, some analysts remain skeptical about the government's ability to effectively combat crime. Critics have pointed out that previous administrations have also promised to improve security, yet crime levels have remained stubbornly high. With Perez Molina's presidency now underway, the people of Guatemala will be watching closely to see whether he can deliver on his promise of a safer and more secure nation.