article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- At least 33 people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide car bombing targeting a national reconciliation conference in Baghdad, an Interior Ministry official told CNN. Abu Ghraib attack victim in Yarmouk Hospital in Baghdad, Amjad Hameed . The attack -- which occurred outside the municipal building of Abu Ghraib in western Baghdad -- also wounded 46 others, the official said. The attacker was targeting the latest effort by the government to foster national reconciliation between religious and ethnic groups. Sunni Arab and Shiite tribal leaders were attending the meeting, backed by the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government. Another Interior Ministry official told CNN the attack occurred when people gathered outside as the conference in the building ended. Al-Baghdadiya TV said two of its journalists were killed in the explosion. An Iraqi journalists' group confirmed those deaths and said a number of journalists were also wounded. Along with meeting attendees and journalists, Iraqi soldiers were among the casualties. No one has claimed responsibility for the strike, but in the past, such gatherings have been targeted by al Qaeda in Iraq, the anti-American Sunni Arab militant group. Staffan de Mistura, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq, deplored the attack and passed along condolences to grieving families. He said the bombing targeted the tribal leaders after their meeting, and called the strike a "horrible crime that is designed to sabotage reconciliatory efforts by the Iraqi people, who, I am confident, will continue on the road of dialogue." The blast follows another huge attack on Sunday, when a man wearing an explosives-laden vest drove a motorcycle rigged with bombs into a group of police recruits in eastern Baghdad. That attack killed 30 people and wounded 61 others. Most of the victims of Sunday's strike were police officers and recruits who had gathered outside a police academy on Palestine Street. The same academy was targeted on December 1 in a double bombing that killed 16 and wounded 46. The violence came after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Saturday rallied sheikhs of the nation's tribes to participate in Iraq's government. It was the latest official effort to further reconciliation among Sunnis, Shiites and tribes of different sects and bring some former members of Saddam Hussein's Baath party into the political fold. After the invasion, the U.S.-led coalition decided to purge Iraqi institutions of Baathists, most of whom were Sunni Arabs. Al-Maliki, who is Shiite, has been criticized in the past by minority groups for not fairly representing Iraqi's ethnic groups. CNN's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
highlights: 33 killed in suicide bombing at reconciliation conference in Baghdad . Tuesday's attack came as tribal leaders were attending conference . Bombing came 3 days after Iraqi PM urged nation's sheikhs to join government .
id: ad2e90052e15364c93011386322f6a5007314348
chatgpt: A suicide bombing at a reconciliation conference in Baghdad on Tuesday has claimed the lives of 33 people. The conference was attended by tribal leaders who had gathered to discuss matters of reconciliation in the troubled region. The bombing occurred only three days after Iraqi Prime Minister, Mustafa al-Kadhimi, urged the nation's sheikhs to join the government as they work towards restoring stability to the region. Reports indicate that a suicide bomber detonated his explosive device just as the conference was coming to an end. The resulting blast caused severe damage to the conference hall and surrounding buildings. Eyewitnesses described a chaotic scene with people running in all directions, trying to escape the carnage. The attack is a stark reminder of the challenges facing the country as it tries to move forward from years of conflict and instability. The conference, which brought together tribal leaders from across the country, was aimed at promoting dialogue and building bridges between communities. The fact that it was targeted by terrorists is a clear indication of the obstacles faced in efforts to promote peace and reconciliation. In the aftermath of the bombing, the Iraqi government has pledged to step up its efforts to combat terrorism and ensure that those responsible for the attack are brought to justice. In a statement issued shortly after the attack, Prime Minister al-Kadhimi expressed his condolences to the families of the victims and vowed to take every necessary measure to prevent such incidents from happening again. The attack has also cast a shadow over the government's efforts to involve the country's sheikhs in the rebuilding process. In his address to the nation earlier this week, Prime Minister al-Kadhimi had appealed to the sheikhs to play an active role in promoting peace and reconciliation. The fact that the conference was targeted by terrorists so soon after this appeal raises questions about the government's ability to provide security for those who respond to its calls. Reactions to the bombing have been swift and condemning. The international community has expressed its solidarity with the Iraqi people and offered its condolences to the families of the victims. The United Nations has called for an immediate end to such attacks and the pursuit of lasting peace in the region. Tuesday's bombing is a tragic reminder of the ongoing challenges facing Iraq as it tries to rebuild and move forward. Despite the many obstacles in its path, the country remains committed to the pursuit of peace and has shown its resilience in the face of adversity. As the nation mourns those lost in this latest attack, its leaders will continue to work towards a better and more peaceful future for all Iraqis.