article: Serena Williams took some time away from tennis to show off her new diamond-encrusted watch, after the 18-time grand slam champion enjoyed a win in her opening match of the WTA Finals. Williams posted a picture wearing the Audemars Piguet Ladies' Millenary Rose Gold watch, worth $73,000 (£45,000), to her Instagram account on Tuesday. The American World No 1 also posted 'Diamonds are a girls best friend. #audemarspiguet #millenary' Williams posted the picture on her Instagram with the caption 'Diamonds are a girl's best friend' Serena Williams was given a tough match by Ana Ivanovic in the opening game of the WTA Finals on Monday . Williams is currently in Singapore defending her WTA Finals title, and began well with a 6-4 6-4 win over Ana Ivanovic on Monday. It comes after a week of controversy, during which the Russian Tennis Federation president Shamil Tarpischev has been forced to publicly apologise for his slur Serena and her sister, Venus. Williams plays a forehand during her straight sets, but not straightforward, victory in Singapore on Monday . Russian Tennis Federation president Shamil Tarpischev has been fined £15,500 and banned from women's tennis for one year following his 'Williams brothers' remark about Venus and Serena on a TV talk show . The International Tennis Federation came under fire from Martina Navratilova on Monday for failing to act after Tarpischev described the Williams' as 'brothers'. The Womens' Tennis Association responded swiftly to Tarpischev's remarks by banning him for a year and issuing a fine of 25,000 US dollars (£15,500). And Serena herself said the comments 'very insensitive and extremely sexist as well as racist at the same time.'
highlights: Williams posts the picture wearing the diamond-encrusted watch . Watch is valued at $73,000, around £45,000 . Williams is currently defending her WTA Finals crown in Singapore .
id: e8b2a568c468d9e64eb063333c72683f7897e1c3
chatgpt: The popular American tennis player, Serena Williams, has created a buzz among her fans after sharing a picture on her Instagram account wearing a luxurious diamond-encrusted watch. The watch is appraised at an astounding $73,000, which is approximately £45,000. The athlete was seen flaunting her lavish accessory as she posed in front of the camera. Williams is currently in Singapore defending her Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Finals crown. Her exceptional performance in the tournament has already made it clear that she is all geared up for another victory. However, her fans seem to be more interested in her choice of timepiece rather than her game play. It is well-known that the 23-time Grand Slam champion has a flair for fashion and has previously collaborated with some of the world's top fashion brands. Her exquisite taste in jewelry is no exception. Williams’ diamond watch boasts of both style and precision. The watch features a diamond-encrusted dial embedded with 323 diamonds in various sizes. The timepiece also features a date window, a seconds sub-dial, and a chronograph function. The slick design is further enhanced by a stainless steel and a black PVD case with a black leather strap. The watch is powered by a Swiss automatic movement. Many of Serena Williams' followers were in awe of her elegant timepiece, with some even enquiring about the brand and model. Although it remains undisclosed who gifted her the stunning piece, it is evident that the athlete has an impeccable taste for luxury watches. As Williams continues to dominate the court with her incredible skills, one thing is for sure, she is always geared up with the best in style and performance.