article: A Premier League star has sparked an anti-Semitism row after he tweeted a picture of himself with a ‘Hitler’ moustache. Liverpool defender, Jose Enrique, proudly posted the image on Twitter revealing that he had shaved his facial hair - which so happens to resemble the German dictator's - to surprise his girlfriend. And although less than impressed, Amy Jaine happily posed for the picture while smiling and pointing at the former Newcastle United player. Scroll down for video . Jose Enrique posted this image with girlfriend of Amy Jaine while sporting the new Hitler-style moustache . Enrique, 28, jokingly tweeted: ‘Surprised my girlfriend with a new style of beard this morning, She didn't like it very much.. hahahahaha @AmyJaine.' But the image, which has been shared more than 1,500 times, has caused outrage with Twitter users who have expressed their disbelief. Adolf Hitler was responsible for killing around six million Jews during his time as leader of Nazi Party . Joakim (@TheHopefullyOne) tweeted: ‘I hope you don’t got [sic] any Jewish followers,’ while Pete (@TheMrTuray) said: ‘what is their [sic] to love about a clueless tweet refereeing [sic] to a fascist dictator like Hitler?’ He added: ‘[It is] offensive/misleading no matter what meaning you put it in, he should know not do it’. While @TheCescChip wrote ‘Hitler is back’ and Ryan (@RyanMcTrippy) called the new style ‘The Third Enreichue’. Another user asked the footballer whether his ‘faux pas alarm’ had gone off yet. But not everyone agrees it is a Hitler-style moustache and Twitter user Morenike Adebayo said it was more of a ‘Charlie Chaplin’ while another thought he looked more like ‘a French waiter’. The actor and comedian, born in east London in 1889, was better known for his performance in The Great Dictator, in which he satirised Adolf Hitler. As leader of the Nazi Party, Hitler was responsible for the death of around six million Jews during the Second World War. Twitter user Joakin replied to the footballer 'I hope you don't got any Jewish followers' Another person took to the social media site to ask what there is to love about the tweet. He later added that he found it offensive and misleading and said Enrique should 'know not to do it' Several users referred to his new look as Hitler-esque while some thought he looked more like Charlie Chaplin . @RyanMcTrippy joked  that it was 'The Third Enreichue' and another said he looked like a French waiter .
highlights: Jose Enrique posted image on Twitter saying he had surprised his girlfriend . But Amy Jaine was not impressed and he wrote 'she didn't like it very much' His new facial hair has sparked controversy from fans saying it is 'offensive' One Twitter user said they hoped he didn't have any Jewish followers . Another said it was misleading and that he should know not to do it . Hitler was responsible for killing six million Jews during reign as Nazi leader .
id: b0d1f6defb0c87a8cfb8fe2c9ddafd2c2319f1fc
chatgpt: Jose Enrique, the former Liverpool player, has caused controversy on social media after posting a photo of himself with a new facial hair style. The image, which he shared on Twitter, showed him surprising his girlfriend with his new look, which some have labeled as "offensive." Enrique captioned the image with the words, "Surprised my girl with a new look...she didn't like it very much!" While the intention may have been to make a playful joke, many Twitter users were quick to call out the former footballer's apparent insensitivity. One user wrote, "Hope you don't have any Jewish followers. This is not a good look." Another users commented, "This is highly offensive. He should know better than to post something like this." The image seemed to draw comparisons to the notorious Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, who was responsible for the murder of approximately six million Jews during his reign. The comparison appeared to be based on the style of facial hair sported by both Enrique and Hitler. The backlash grew on social media, with some suggesting that Enrique take down the post and apologize for the offense he had caused. Others defended the footballer, saying that it was just a lighthearted joke and that people were being too sensitive. Enrique, who retired from professional football in 2019 due to a knee injury, has yet to comment on the controversy. However, it appears that the backlash has not deterred him from keeping the new facial hair. He has since shared another photo on social media, this time without any reference to his girlfriend's opinion. While some have criticized Enrique's lack of sensitivity, others have defended him, saying that the image was not meant to be taken seriously. However, the controversy highlights the power and responsibility that comes with the use of social media, and the importance of carefully considering the impact of any posts or comments.