article: Callum Robinson scored his first-ever career hat-trick as Preston North End eased into the second round of the FA Cup with a 3-0 victory against nine-man Havant and Waterlooville. The on-loan Aston Villa teenager scored twice in the first half and added a penalty with 10 minutes remaining as the visitors returned to winning ways against a non-League Havant side that saw Brian Stock and Warren Cummings sent off. The game was just seven minutes old when Robinson burst down the left and drilled past Havant goalkeeper Ryan Young at his near post. Callum Robinson of Preston North End scores his third goal from the penalty spot on Monday night . Robinson completed his hat-trick against Havant & Waterlooville on Monday night with a penalty . Robinson celebrates after sealing the 3-0 win against the non-League side on Monday night in the FA Cup . Preston booked their place in the second round of the FA Cup thanks to Robinson's three goals on Monday . Havant and Waterlooville: Young, Strugnell, Dutton, Harris, Cummings, Swallow (Ryan, 63), Stock, Donnelly, Huggins, Hooper (Connell, 73), Bubb (Mullings, 63) Subs (not used): Woodford, Monteiro, Blanchett, Searle . Bookings: Stock (34) Sent off: Stock (59), Cummings (80) Preston: Jones, Wiseman, Clarke, Huntington, Buchanan, King, Robinson (Laird, 87), Browne, Brownhill (Kilkenny, 72), Gallagher (Reid, 72), Kevin Davies . Subs (not used): Humphrey, Garner, Welsh, Stuckmann . Goals: Robinson (7, 30, pen 81) Robinson doubled his and Preston's tally on the half-hour mark when he volleyed in a pin-point Paul Gallagher cross. Havant, 74 places below their League One opponents, almost clawed their way back into the game when Brian Dutton's header rebounded off a post. But the non-Leaguers' night went from bad to worse after 58 minutes. Former Preston midfielder Stock was sent off after picking up a second yellow card for kicking out at Josh Brownhill. Then, Preston were gifted a third goal nine minutes from time. Havant were reduced to nine men after Cummings was shown a straight red for handling on the line and man-of-the-match Robinson tucked away the penalty to seal his side's victory. Preston will face the winners of the Walsall against Shrewsbury replay at home in the next round. Brian Stock of  Havant is given a red card for a second bookable offence during the FA Cup first round match . Stock of  Havant is sent for an early shower after a second bookable offence against League One club Preston . Preston's Robinson celebrates scoring the opening goal during the FA Cup first round match in Havant .
highlights: Havant & Waterlooville lose 3-0 against League One club Preston . Havant's Brian Stock and Warren Cummings were sent off in second half . Preston will now face Walsall or Shrewsbury in the second round .
id: ea91b6e2941a57983cd0389baa53eedc6018af49
chatgpt: Havant & Waterlooville suffered a disappointing defeat against League One club Preston North End in the first round of the FA Cup. The match, which was played at the Lancashire team's home ground, ended in a 3-0 victory for the hosts. Despite their valiant efforts, Havant were unable to match Preston's pace and skill throughout the game. After a goalless first half, Preston came out strong and scored three goals in quick succession. The first goal was scored by Callum Robinson just four minutes into the second half, followed by two more goals from fellow Preston players. The game took a turn for the worse for Havant when two of its players, Brian Stock and Warren Cummings, were sent off in the second half. This made it even more difficult for the non-league team to mount a comeback, allowing Preston to comfortably see out the rest of the match. The result means that Preston North End will advance to the second round of the FA Cup. They will face either Walsall or Shrewsbury in the next round. Despite the disappointment of the defeat, Havant & Waterlooville can hold their heads high after giving it their all against a strong League One club. The non-league team had previously caused an upset in the fourth round of the FA Cup in 2008, when they faced Liverpool at Anfield. Although they were eventually defeated, their performance earned them national attention and admiration. This year's FA Cup has already seen several surprises, with non-league teams causing upsets against higher-ranked opposition. Havant's defeat against Preston North End is another reminder that anything can happen in the cup. For Preston, the victory provides a boost as they look to continue their strong form in League One. The team has been performing well in the league this season, currently sitting in fourth place with a game in hand. The confidence gained from this win could help them in their efforts to secure promotion to the Championship. Overall, the match between Havant & Waterlooville and Preston North End was an entertaining affair, despite the result. Both teams will now turn their attention back to their respective leagues, with Havant looking to climb up the National League South table and Preston seeking to continue their push for promotion.