article: By . Paul Donnelley . Paedophiles will be given the same treatment as terrorists under a crackdown on child abuse to be included in the Queen's Speech. David Cameron said that he wanted to close a loophole that allows sexual predators to create and possess ‘manuals’ giving tips on how to identify victims, groom them and evade capture. In future, they will face the same kind of sanctions as extremists who download guides to bomb-making. The Government wants to crack down on paedophiles owning or creating 'manuals' that teach them how to groom children (Picture posed by model) The issue came to light after GCHQ and the National Crime Agency found online examples of the guides in the chaotic part of cyberspace known as the ‘dark web’ or 'deep web'. This is where tens of trillions of pages that most people have never seen are stored. They include everything from statistics to the illegal sale of human body parts. The Prime Minister told The Sunday Times: ‘It's completely unacceptable that there is a loophole in the law which allows paedophiles to write and distribute these disgusting documents. ‘I want to ensure we do everything we can to protect children – and that's why I am making them illegal.’ The new law is expected to be in force by the time of next year’s General Election, and could be implemented in an amendment to the Obscene Publications Act 1959, according to the newspaper. The Terrorism Act 2000 outlawed terrorist training manuals. The move was announced after it emerged that a paedophile teacher drugged and abused up to 60 boys as young as 10 at a British private school. William Vahey, who taught history and geography at Southbank International School in London between 2009 and 2013, committed suicide last month as FBI agents closed in. Paedophiles: Robert Buckley, 54 (left), was found guilty of indecent assaults on children; William Vahey (right), who taught history and geography at Southbank International School in London between 2009 and 2013, committed suicide last month . Showbiz: Chris Lanhgam (left) was jailed for six months for downloading and possessing level 5 child pornography; Jimmy Savile (right) has been exposed as a predatory paedophile .
highlights: It will be illegal to produce or own 'manuals' that give tips on grooming . GCHQ and the National Crime Agency found online guides in the ‘dark web’ New laws expected to be in place by 2015 General Election . The laws mirror similar ones in the Terrorism Act which ban equivalent guides .
id: 064cefc2ffde6efcdf27546bdbcae43a81a4aeed
chatgpt: The UK government has recently outlined their plans to criminalize "manuals" that provide tips on grooming children. These guides were discovered during a joint investigation by GCHQ and the National Crime Agency on the "dark web." The discovery of these manuals has prompted the government to take action and create new laws that will be in place by the 2015 General Election. The manuals in question are instructional guides that provide step-by-step directions on how to groom and sexually abuse children. They are often written by sexual predators or those with an interest in sexual exploitation of children. The manuals are not only dangerous, but they also contribute to the normalization of sexual violence against children. The new laws that the UK government is proposing would mirror ones already in place in the Terrorism Act. Similar to the laws that prohibit manuals on bomb-making or other forms of terrorism, these new laws would make it illegal to produce or own manuals that provide instruction on grooming children. Those who are caught creating or owning these manuals could face serious criminal charges. The UK government's decision to criminalize manuals on grooming children has been met with widespread support from child protection organizations. Termed as "an important step forward" by the NSPCC, the new laws send a clear message that child sexual exploitation is a serious crime and will not be tolerated. It is important to note that the availability of these manuals online contributes to the negative impacts of the internet on young people. While the internet has opened up many opportunities for learning and growth, it has also created new avenues for predators to exploit children. The best way to prevent the distribution of these manuals is to raise awareness and educate young people about online safety. Overall, the government's decision to criminalize manuals on grooming children is a crucial step towards protecting vulnerable children and stopping sexual predators. By creating new laws that ban these manuals, the UK is leading the way in addressing this serious issue and sending a clear message that child sexual exploitation will not be tolerated in any form. The impacts of these new laws are expected to become clear following the 2015 General Election, when they are expected to be put into practice.