article: South Australian senator Penny Wong said it would have been impossible to keep the good news under wraps after telling her three-year-old daughter Alexandra she'll soon have a little brother or sister. The Labor senator and partner Sophie Allouache have announced they're expecting their second child in April, to the delight of their first born. 'Like all families we had to think about whether we tell the toddler because she’s notorious – she doesn’t know what a secret is,' Sen Wong told The Advertiser in Adelaide. 'But we decided to tell her because we thought it was important she knew.' Finance Minister Penny Wong (right) and partner Sophie Allouache in Canberra . And apparently, the excited Alexandra has been telling the world. 'At the Labor convention she sat reading The Gruffalo to a baby over and over again … I came over and asked how it was going and a friend said ‘it’s all really good but she’s just told everyone Mummy’s got a baby in her tummy,' said Ms Wong. The couple have reportedly used IVF and the same sperm donor to conceive their children. Sophie Allouache and Senator Wong with their baby daughter Alexandra back in 2011 . Sen Wong says the pair are lucky to have her own mother and Allouache's family for support in raising their family.  But she concedes that juggling motherhood with her demanding political career can be challenging. 'I think we’ve still got so far to go as a society as to how we balance work and family,' she said. That question of balance is expected to be back on the political agenda before long with the Abbott government announcing it will be reviewing childcare funding and its controversial paid parental leave scheme early next year. Senator Wong is the third Labor politician to announce she is expecting a new addition in 2015, with labor frontbenchers Kate Ellis and Amanda Rishworth also due to give birth in the New Year.
highlights: Penny Wong and Sophie Allouache are expecting the new arrival in April . The Labor senator said it would have been impossible to keep the secret after telling her 'notorious' three-year-old daughter the good news . Labor frontbenchers Kate Ellis and Amanda Rishworth are also due to give birth in the New Year .
id: c9675a5a63961abc0ac4efd8a9be84b7e2675515
chatgpt: Australian Senator Penny Wong and her partner Sophie Allouache have announced that they are expecting their second child together in April 2021. The couple already have a three-year-old daughter and are excited to welcome their new addition in the spring. Wong, who serves as the Shadow Minister for Foreign Affairs and has been a Labor senator for South Australia since 2002, revealed that she had a hard time keeping the pregnancy under wraps. She said that after telling her young daughter about the upcoming arrival, it would have been impossible to keep the news from spreading. Wong, who is openly gay, spoke about her experiences with motherhood during her last pregnancy in 2011. She noted that while she had received support from other politicians in her party, there were still challenges being faced by LGBT+ parents in Australia. "I know that for people who are not in our position, they struggle to understand how difficult [it can be]," Wong said in an interview with the ABC. "We need to do more to support people in same-sex relationships who want to have children." Wong's pregnancy announcement comes just a few weeks after Labor frontbenchers Kate Ellis and Amanda Rishworth also revealed that they were expecting babies in the new year. Ellis, who is the Shadow Minister for Early Childhood Education and Development, is due to give birth in January, while Rishworth, who serves as the Shadow Minister for Employment and Industry, is expecting in March. The news of these pregnancies highlights the ongoing conversation around parental leave in Australia, where the government provides 18 weeks of paid parental leave but has been criticized for not doing enough to support working parents. Despite the challenges that come with being a politician and a parent, Wong believes that her experiences have given her a unique perspective that she brings to her work in government. "I think being a parent changes the way you think about things," Wong said. "It changes the way you see the world, and I think that is really important in politics."