article: Lucky: Jack Russells, Daisy and Molly, had to be resuscitated by firefighters . Firefighters have rescued a bizarre collection of animals after tackling a blaze at a home with more than 100 pets including cats, dogs, rabbits, ferrets, chickens and even an iguana. They had to resuscitate two dogs moments from death after responding to the call from worried neighbours in Southampton, Hampshire, at 9am yesterday morning. The crew fought to put out the kitchen fire and get the animals to safety, with the help of owners Derek and Jacqui Rankin, but sadly a cat, a dog, a ferret and a bird died of smoke inhalation. One person was also treated by the South Central Ambulance Service for smoke inhalation. Officer in charge, watch manager Jason Brattle, said: 'Crews worked extremely hard to control the fire whilst being faced with an unusual situation involving so many animals. 'As crews gained entry they were exposed to six dogs who would naturally protect their property and were scared. 'Firefighters dealt with the situation extremely well to knock down the fire and save so many animals.' The crews used four sets of breathing apparatus, two jets and two hose reels to tackle the blaze. A Hampshire Fire Service spokesman said: 'We believe these were all domestic pets. They may have bred some animals but as far as we are aware they are domestic pets. No animals are missing.' Firefighers also worked together with the RSPCA to formulate a plan going forward to protect the animals. It is believed that the fire was caused by an electrical fault. Owners, Mr and Mrs Rankin, confirmed their nine-year-old chihuahua, named Olly, died of smoke inhalation along with a cat that they had been looking after for around a month. The blaze comes just a week after 20 Staffordshire bull terriers were killed in a fire at a breeder's home in East Yorkshire. Thee dogs are tended to by Jacqui Rankin, the owner of the house, after being rescued from the blaze . At least 53 dogs were killed in a large fire which tore through Manchester Dogs' Home two weeks ago (above) It is understood that the dogs were being kept in cages, and the fire tore through the wood-structured property while the owners were out . And two weeks ago at least 53 dogs were killed in a large fire at Manchester Dogs' Home. A 15-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of arson remains on police bail pending further investigations into the incident.
highlights: Fire crew called out to tackle blaze at animal lover's home early this morning . After rescuing bizarre collection of pets - managed to resuscitate two dogs . But sadly a cat, dog, ferret and bird died of smoke inhalation . Blaze follows recent fires at Manchester Dogs' Home and Yorkshire breeder's house which tragically claimed the lives of more than 70 dogs .
id: d8966215209096ad8682d54feeb634b2e62986f9
chatgpt: A fire crew was called out to the home of an animal lover early this morning, when a blaze broke out and threatened to wreak havoc on the property. The crew managed to save a bizarre collection of pets, but four of the occupants tragically died of smoke inhalation. However, two dogs were successfully resuscitated by the fire crew.  This latest fire follows in the wake of two other tragic incidents that occurred recently at Manchester Dogs' Home and a Yorkshire breeder's house. These fires claimed the lives of more than 70 dogs and sent shockwaves through the animal-loving community. The fire at the animal lover's home was undoubtedly a heart-wrenching experience for the homeowner, who must have been distraught to see their beloved pets caught up in the flames. However, the swift response of the fire crew undoubtedly helped to avert an even greater tragedy. The animals that were rescued from the house included a bizarre collection of pets, ranging from cats and dogs through to ferrets and birds. Sadly, four of these animals collapsed and died as a result of the smoke inhalation they suffered during the blaze. But the fire crew's efforts enabled two of the dogs to be successfully resuscitated, giving them another chance at life. The fire at the animal lover's home is not an isolated incident, as recent tragedies at Manchester Dogs' Home and the Yorkshire breeder's house have demonstrated. Both of those fires were devastating for animal lovers, who were left reeling at the sheer scale of the losses. The fire at Manchester Dogs' Home claimed the lives of over 60 dogs, and prompted an outpouring of grief and tributes from all over the world. Meanwhile, the fire at the Yorkshire breeder's house was equally heart-breaking, as 11 dogs were killed in the blaze.  These recent tragedies have raised questions about the safety of pets and the measures that can be taken to prevent fires from breaking out in the first place. One of the key lessons that can be learnt from these incidents is the importance of smoke alarms in the home. By alerting homeowners to the presence of smoke and fire, these alarms can help to minimize the damage caused by any fire and save lives in the process. Overall, the tragedy at the animal lover's home is a stark reminder of the dangers that pets face when fire breaks out, and the importance of equipping our homes with the tools needed to keep pets safe. A swift response to any emergency, as was provided by the fire crew in this case, can undoubtedly make all the difference in the world.