article: (CNN) -- Double explosions of a roadside bomb and then a car bomb killed at least 10 people and wounded 40 others near a Shiite mosque north of Baghdad on Saturday, Tikrit police officials told CNN. Elsewhere in Iraq, at least five people were killed and 18 more wounded when a suicide car bombing hit near a security checkpoint at an outdoor market in central Tal-Afar, outside of Mosul, the city's police and health officials said Saturday. Tal-Afar is mostly inhabited by Shiite Turkmen. In a third incident, three people were killed and six more wounded when gunmen attacked security checkpoints in southern Mosul, officials said. In the double explosions near the mosque, the blasts took place in central Tuz Khurmatu, located in Salaheddin province about 125 miles north of Baghdad. There is also a security checkpoint near the mosque as well as several shops, police said. It was the latest round of violence in Iraq. On Friday, at least 21 people were killed and dozens wounded in shootings and explosions across the country, officials say. The deadliest attack occurred in the neighborhood of Dora, southern Baghdad, where twin improvised explosive devices were detonated near an ice cream shop. Officials told CNN seven people -- including children -- died in the blasts and 18 others were wounded. Political unrest and sectarian violence between Sunnis and Shiites have festered in recent months. The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq estimates at least 979 Iraqis -- 852 of them civilians -- were killed in October alone. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: At least five people are killed in a suicide car bombing in Tal-Afar . NEW: Three people are killed when gunmen attack a southern Mosul checkpoint . At least 10 people are killed when two bombs explode in Tuz Khurmatu . Bloodshed rises between Sunnis and Shiites .
id: 51f77cdac14f47a2ccbee66b0dbea30310d59cdb
chatgpt: Multiple deadly attacks have rocked different parts of Iraq with growing tensions between the country's Sunni and Shiite populations. In Tal-Afar, a suicide car bombing has claimed the lives of at least five people. Security forces combing the area found the wreckage of a vehicle that had been rigged with explosives, and they suspect the bomber had targeted mainly Shiite Muslims.  Another attack took place in southern Mosul where three people lost their lives after gunmen opened fire on a checkpoint. The incident occurred near a bridge, and the attackers remain unidentified. The motive behind the attack is currently unclear.  Tuz Khurmatu also witnessed a spate of attacks just hours apart, leaving 10 people dead. Two bombs went off within a short span of time, killing several people and injuring dozens more. The victims belonged to both the Sunni and Shiite communities. These attacks follow a recent militant-led insurgency in the region. Militants have been relentlessly targeting both Sunni and Shiite populations, worsening the sectarian divide in the country. The bloodshed between Sunni and Shiite sects has steadily risen, with each group blaming the other for violence in the country. Sectarian violence has been a recurring problem in Iraq for decades, but the recent increase in attacks has further destabilized the situation. This comes amid Iraq's ongoing battle against the Islamic State group, which has already caused significant damage to the nation’s infrastructure. According to the UN mission in Iraq, at least 1,100 civilians have been killed and over 2,000 others injured in acts of terrorism, violence, and armed conflict in the first six months of 2021. The organization emphasized that the war against terrorism must be fought within the framework of human rights and rule of law.