article: New look: Strictly Come Dancing viewers were not keen on Claudia Winkleman's (left) new hairstyle . For years, her distinctive fringe and heavy eye make-up made Claudia Winkleman instantly recognisable as the presenter of the Strictly Come Dancing spin-off show It Takes Two. So it was hardly surprising that viewers were left reeling when the 42-year-old star appeared to have undergone a dramatic makeover in preparation for her new role on the main programme, replacing Sir Bruce Forsyth as co-presenter alongside Tess Daly. With a new shaggy hairstyle, and a hot pink top and skirt by designer Roland Mouret replacing her traditional black outfits, Claudia provoked a wave of criticism on social media, with some viewers describing her new look as ‘awful’ and others urging her to bring back her ‘sooty eyes and long fringe’. Some viewers even embarked on a Twitter campaign using the hashtag #BringBackClaudiasFringe. One wrote: ‘Claudia Winkleman looks like she’s wearing a towel and didn’t have chance to get ready.’ Another said: ‘Why the hell hasn’t Claudia Winkleman got her eye liner on? It’s the reason I love her!’ And one comment read: ‘Was it just me or did Claudia Winkleman look awful last night? She looked 10 years older.’ However, some welcomed the presenter’s change of appearance. One viewer wrote: ‘I loved Claudia Winkleman’s new look on #StrictlyComeDancing – nice to see her out of black, with less eye make-up and a shorter fringe.’ More than 5.8 million people tuned in on Friday to watch the first competitive show of this year’s series. Six couples took to the dance floor while the rest were performing last night. There is no public vote this week but the judges’ scores will be carried through to next week. In pole position on the leaderboard after Friday’s show was actor Jake Wood – best known for playing philanderer Max Branning in EastEnders – who scored 28 out of 40 for his jive to Good Golly Miss Molly with partner Janette Manrara. Having a ball: Winkleman seemed to be enjoying her new style alongside co-host Tess Daly . Back in black: Winkleman (left) with her signature fringe and black attire with Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly earlier this month .
highlights: Claudia Winkleman ditched her trademark fringe and heavy eye make-up . But Strictly viewers were not keen on the new look and took to Twitter . They urged her to bring back her ‘sooty eyes and long fringe' One social media user commented to say she looked 'awful' Winkleman has replaced Bruce Forsyth as Tess Daly's co-host . More than 5.8 million people tuned in on Friday to watch the first competitive show of this year’s series .
id: 8355e53b94c355454a7ccf16d4a70440ae3716d8
chatgpt: Claudia Winkleman, the new co-host of Strictly Come Dancing, debuted a fresh look on the first competitive show of the series -- and it did not go over well with viewers. Winkleman ditched her signature heavy eye make-up and long fringe and was met with criticism on Twitter. In fact, viewers were so unimpressed by the new look that they urged her to bring back her "sooty eyes and long fringe." One user commented: "Claudia Winkleman no longer has 'sooty eyes' and it's upsetting. Sort it out BBC. #bringbacktheoldClaudia." Another wrote: "Claudia looks awful with her new hair! She needs to put her fringe back on #strictly." Winkleman replaced beloved co-host Bruce Forsyth, who passed away in 2017, and fans of the show were already feeling emotional about the new series. As more than 5.8 million people tuned in to watch the first competitive show on Friday, it seems that the change in Winkleman's look was just too much for some viewers to handle. Despite the criticism, it seems that Winkleman herself is unfazed by the backlash. In an interview with The Telegraph, she spoke about her decision to switch up her look, saying: "I’m not thinking about it too much. I might go back to one style, I might not be able to be bothered." Regardless of her hairstyle, Winkleman remains one of the most popular presenters on British television today. With a career spanning decades and a massive following on social media, her fans will no doubt continue to tune in to watch her on Strictly Come Dancing -- whether she's sporting her trademark fringe or not. As the series continues, viewers will be keeping a close eye on Winkleman's appearance, wondering if she will decide to bring back her old look or stick with the new. Whatever she chooses, it's clear that fans of the show will be watching every step of the way.