article: London (CNN) -- James Murdoch, the son of media magnate Rupert Murdoch, stepped down as the chairman of BSkyB on Tuesday, the British satellite broadcaster announced. He has been hammered by accusations that News Corp.'s British Sunday tabloid the News of the World systematically eavesdropped illegally on crime victims, politicians, celebrities and veterans in search of stories. Murdoch, 39, has consistently denied knowing about the scale of phone hacking at the paper, which he ordered shut down last summer in the face of the scandal. He referred to it in his resignation, saying: "I am determined that the interests of BSkyB should not be undermined by matters outside the scope of this company." He made clear he was trying to shield the satellite broadcaster from fallout from the newspaper scandal, saying: "I believe that my resignation will help to ensure that there is no false conflation with events at a separate organization." Murdoch will stay on as a non-executive director of BSkyB. BSkyB shares in London fell about half a percentage point on the news of his resignation, and the Murdoch family's News Corp. fell about the same at the open in New York. The resignation comes on the heels of his stepping down from News Corp.'s British newspaper publishing companies in the wake of scandals over the past year. When he quit as chairman of News International in February, the company said it was to focus on News Corp.'s pay television services. London's Metropolitan Police are conducting three separate investigations into the scandal, which also includes allegations of e-mail hacking and police bribery. Dozens of people have been arrested but no one has been charged. Two parliamentary committees and an independent inquiry led by a judge are also probing the scandal. The scandal broke as News Corp. moved to expand its ownership of BSkyB last summer -- a plan it shelved as politicians and the public expressed outrage about the hacking of the voice mail of a missing teenage girl who later turned out to have been murdered. James Murdoch has been seen as a potential heir to his father's media empire. He has twice been called to testify before lawmakers in London about what he knew of misconduct by staff at News International. In a letter to parliament's Culture, Media and Sport committee last month, James Murdoch said he could have asked more questions of senior officers at the firm, but rejected the suggestion that his resignation as chief executive reflected unrevealed knowledge relating to the scandal. "I take my share of responsibility for not uncovering wrongdoing earlier," he wrote in the letter, dated March 12 and published by lawmakers. A News Corp. board meeting is scheduled for later Tuesday. CNN's Kendra Wates contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: James Murdoch says he is quitting to shield BSkyB from a newspaper scandal . NEW: News Corp. and BSkyB shares both fall on the news . Murdoch has been hammered by scandal at the now-shuttered News of the World . Police, lawmakers and an independent inquiry are all investigating the scandal .
id: d2547e858cb91c43726498b86957527b61751d0f
chatgpt: James Murdoch, the younger son of media mogul Rupert Murdoch, announced his resignation from the board of British satellite broadcaster BSkyB on Tuesday. He cited the ongoing phone-hacking scandal at News of the World, the now-defunct British tabloid owned by News Corp., the parent company of both BSkyB and News of the World.  Murdoch's resignation is seen as an effort to shield BSkyB from the fallout of the phone-hacking scandal, which has rocked News Corp. over the past year. News Corp. has been accused of hacking the phones of celebrities, politicians, and victims of crime, and its subsidiary News of the World was eventually forced to close down in the face of public outrage.  Murdoch said in a statement that his decision to resign was "in the interests of BSkyB" and that he wanted to "protect the company from further reputational damage." BSkyB's shares fell by 2.4% on the news, while News Corp. saw a drop of 1.2%. The phone-hacking scandal has been a source of ongoing scrutiny for News Corp., with police, lawmakers and an independent inquiry all investigating the matter. James Murdoch has faced particular criticism for his role in the affair, with some accusing him of being aware of the hacking and attempting to cover it up.  Murdoch has denied any wrongdoing and has maintained that he was not aware of the extent of the hacking at News of the World until much later than he has previously claimed. However, his handling of the crisis has been widely criticized, and his resignation from the BSkyB board is seen as the latest attempt to distance the company from the scandal. Murdoch's departure from BSkyB comes after he stepped down as chairman of News International, the UK newspaper subsidiary of News Corp., in February of this year. He remains a non-executive director of News Corp., and his future at the company is the subject of ongoing speculation. Many observers believe that the phone-hacking scandal has damaged the reputation of the Murdoch family and News Corp. irreparably. The company has already faced significant financial losses as a result of the scandal, and its future remains uncertain.  James Murdoch's departure from the BSkyB board is unlikely to end the controversy surrounding News Corp. and the phone-hacking scandal. However, it may help to protect BSkyB from further damage and allow the company to focus on its core business of providing satellite television services to customers in the UK and Ireland.