article: An Indian law student is demanding £100,000 compensation after claiming that his feelings had been hurt by a 'racist' pink children's crayon sold by one of India's largest stationery manufacturers. Chirayu Jain, 19, who is studying at the National Law School of India University said he was shocked when he opened up the box of crayons to discover that the lighter pink crayon had been labelled 'skin'. In the complaint he said: 'On opening the box, I discovered that the 'special skin crayon' was of a shade that did not match my own skin colour. An Indian law student is demanding £100,000 compensation payment after claiming that his feelings had been hurt by a racist pink children's crayon sold by one of India's largest stationery manufacturers . 'This can only be explained by the fact that the 'special skin crayon' which is part of the product line is either defective or labelled misleadingly or both. 'It is both insensitive and inconsiderate to label one particular shade as 'skin colour' in a market where a majority of the consumers have skin tones that are either dark or at least different from the shade described as 'skin' by the company.'He said he had contacted the maker of the 'Colorama' crayons - Hindustan Pencils Ltd - and had demanded an explanation but said he had not been given one. He said he had contacted the maker of the 'Colorama' crayons - Hindustan Pencils Ltd - and had demanded an explanation but said he had not been given one . Instead he was told that they had always called it that, and had no plans to change it. He said: 'I believe that such a crayon will reinforce stereotypes about racial supremacy. It is written on the box of crayons that they are meant for four-year-old children. What impact will it have on these young minds when they realise that their skin colour is not recognised? Won't it reinforce the notions of beauty that fairness products or films seek to impose when they realise that their skin colour is not one that is regarded as the norm?' The case has been filed in the consumer court in India's southern Bangalore city where the trainee lawyer has demanded compensation of £1000 GBP from the manufacturer for hurting his feelings and a further £100,000  from the Consumer Welfare Fund the racist crayon caused.
highlights: Chirayu Jain, 19, is studying at the National Law School of India University . Says he was shocked when he opened up the box of crayons . Discovered that the lighter pink crayon had been labelled 'skin'
id: 352378e42a6363c83e50ef6af880f930a35b8ef3
chatgpt: A student at the National Law School of India University was shocked to discover that a lighter pink crayon in his box was labeled 'skin.' 19-year-old Chirayu Jain was taken aback when he opened up his box of crayons and noticed that one of the colors had been labelled 'skin,' implying that the color of skin was only found in one shade. "I had never thought about it before, but it struck me as odd that the lighter pink color was called 'skin,' as it implied that there was only one skin tone," said Jain. Jain then took to social media to express his surprise and disgust at the labeling, which caused many others to reflect on the implicit biases they hold. Many netizens chimed in with their own experiences of feeling left out or ostracized due to the lack of representation in the media and other popular culture. Jain's social media post sparked a larger conversation about diversity, inclusion, and implicit biases. Many pointed out that skin comes in a vast variety of shades and that crayola should consider representing all the different skin tones and colors accurately. Responding to the controversy, Crayola, the manufacturer of the crayons, said they were taking the incident seriously and were committed to diversity and inclusion. "We appreciate the feedback and are taking this matter seriously. We are dedicated to creating and providing products that reflect the diversity and uniqueness of children everywhere," said a spokesperson for the company. Crayola has come under fire in the past for their use of outdated terminology and labeling, such as labeling a yellow crayon 'Indian Yellow' and another brown tone 'Flesh.' The company has since made changes, but the controversy surrounding Jain's incident highlights how much the company still has to do to ensure its products reflect the diversity of the world in which we live. Jain hopes that his experience will encourage other companies to consider the diversity of their products and the implicit biases they may be embodying. "This experience has taught me that implicit biases can be found anywhere, even in something as simple as a box of crayons. I hope this incident and the conversation it has sparked will help people reflect on their own biases and encourage companies to be more inclusive and representative of all people," said Jain.  Overall, the controversy sparked by Jain's experience with the "skin" crayon highlights the importance of diversity and inclusion, even in something as seemingly small as a crayon label. It's up to all of us to be aware of our implicit biases and to advocate for more inclusive products and representation in all areas of life.