article: Washington (CNN)The release of the CIA torture report on Tuesday, detailing brutal post-9/11 interrogation tactics, has led to an array of responses from potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidates. Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, in an interview with The New York Times released Thursday, moved to the left of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when he called for a "special prosecutor" from the Justice Department to look into those who carried out the torture. "I think there needs to be some accountability so that this doesn't happen again," O'Malley said. "I don't believe the United States should torture. Period. Full stop." All Democrats eying the presidency are against torture, but so far O'Malley is the only to advocate for a Justice Department investigation. Clinton, during her time of the speaking circuit, has advocated for the release of the torture report but not a special prosecutor. "I thought we needed more transparency," Clinton said at a June event, reflecting on her time as secretary of state. "I didn't want people to be criminally prosecuted, people who were doing what they were told to do, that there were legal opinions supporting what they were told to do, but I wanted transparency." She added, "And that's what Dianne Feinstein is trying to provide with that 6,000-page report. And I think the American people deserve to see it." A Clinton spokesman has not responded to emails asking for comment after the release of the report. Independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders issued a statement on Tuesday after the torture report was released. "The United States must not engage in torture," Sanders said. "If we do, in an increasingly brutal world, we lose our moral standing to condemn other nations or groups that engage in uncivilized behavior." Sanders, however, did not comment on a special prosecutor and his spokesman was unable to provide a statement on Thursday from the senator. In a conversation with reporters on Wednesday, Sanders did, however, say that if anyone lied to elected official on torture, "they should be fired immediately." And former Sen. Jim Webb, the only Democrat who has announced an exploratory committee into the 2016 race, questioned why lawmakers didn't provide better oversight of the program. "The policies that allowed or turned a blind eye to these acts are no longer in place. The question is whether the intelligence committees are properly conducting oversight functions today," he said in a statement. Webb also sent a number of tweets about the torture report that seemed to cast doubt on why Congress was looking into the matter now. "Where was the Intelligence Committee when the torture was going on," question Webb in one tweet. "The question is not torture, but how far Congress has descended in its historical oversight role on key issues of foreign policy," he said in another.
highlights: All 2016 Democrats are against torture, but have varying reactions to this week's torture report release . Martin O'Malley went the farthest when he called for a special prosecutor from the Justice Department . Hillary Clinton supported the release of the report, but has yet to comment on its revelations . Jim Webb questioned Congress' role in the matter in tweets after the report was released .
id: 9f2da5dfc9f70c648d6c3886626aee8aed828915
chatgpt: The release of the Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on torture this week has caused a stir among the 2016 Democratic presidential candidates. While all of the candidates have spoken out against torture in the past, they have differing reactions to the report’s revelations. Former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley was the most outspoken of the candidates, calling for a special prosecutor from the Justice Department to investigate the individuals responsible for the use of torture. “The CIA’s use of torture is a stain on our country’s history,” said O’Malley. “Accountability and transparency are essential to ensuring that this never happens again.” Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, has not offered specific commentary on the report, instead releasing a general statement of support for its release. “The American people deserve to know what was done in their name,” said Clinton. “Transparency and accountability are the foundation of our democracy.” Jim Webb, the former senator from Virginia, took to Twitter to express his views on the report. “The release of this report is a necessary step towards transparency, but where was Congress’ oversight all along?” he wrote. “We need to examine how decisions to use torture were made in the first place.” The responses from the 2016 Democratic candidates highlight the complexities of the issue of torture in American politics. While all of the candidates agree that torture is wrong, they differ in their views on how to hold those responsible for its use accountable. O’Malley’s call for a special prosecutor is in line with the views of civil liberties advocates, who argue that the individuals responsible for the use of torture should be held criminally accountable. Clinton’s statement emphasizes the importance of transparency and accountability, but does not offer specifics on how to achieve those goals. Webb’s tweets suggest that there should be a broader investigation into how the decisions to use torture were made in the first place. The release of the torture report has also reignited debate over the effectiveness of torture in garnering intelligence. While some intelligence experts have argued that torture is necessary in certain situations, others disagree. “The use of torture is not only morally wrong, it is also ineffective,” said Larry Korb, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress. “Studies have shown that individuals subjected to torture are more likely to provide false information than reliable intelligence.” The issue of torture is likely to continue to be a topic of discussion in the 2016 presidential campaign, particularly as the candidates differentiate themselves on issues of national security and foreign policy. While the Democratic candidates are united in their opposition to torture, they differ in their views on how to hold those responsible for its use accountable and how to ensure that torture is never used again.