article: Lance Armstrong hit two parked cars after a night of partying in the US city of Aspen but agreed to let his longtime girlfriend take the blame to avoid national attention, police reports show. Aspen police cited the disgraced cyclist with failing to report an accident and speeding on January 12 after the December 28 accident, but only after his girlfriend, Anna Hansen, admitted to lying for him. Armstrong declined immediate comment, and his attorney, Pamela Mackey, didn't immediately return a call. Lance Armstrong agreed to let his girlfriend take the blame for a car accident, according to police reports . Hansen (left) eventually admitted that Armstrong was driving when the accident took place . Hansen initially told police she had been driving home from an Aspen Art Museum party when she lost control of Armstrong's GMC Yukon on the icy roads, hitting the cars. She said she drove because 'Lance had a little bit to drink,' according to the reports. A man who had been renting one of the damaged cars told a police detective that Hansen came running up to his house in high heels, apologising and promising to pay for the repairs. 'She said, "I'm Anna, we're the Armstrongs, my husband's Lance, he was just driving maybe too fast around the corner or something,''' the man told police, according to the reports. He called the emergency services to report a hit-and-run. Hansen and Armstrong left the scene before police arrived. Detectives later interviewed Hansen, who eventually told them Armstrong was driving, but they had both decided to let her take the blame. 'We've had our family name smeared over every paper in the world in the last couple of years and honestly, I've got teenagers, I just wanted to protect my family,' Hansen told police. 'I thought, gosh, Anna Hansen hit some cars, it's not going to show up in the papers, but Lance Armstrong hit some cars, it's going to be a national story.' Armstrong and girlfriend Anna Hanson (right) take part in a mountain bike race together . The disgraced cyclists was stripped of his record seven Tour de France titles after taking banned substances . Hansen is not charged with a crime. The Aspen Daily News first reported the citation. Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005. Those titles were stripped after a report by the US Anti-Doping Agency detailed the use of performance enhancing drugs by Armstrong and his US Postal Service teammates.
highlights: Lance Armstrong was involved in a car accident on December 28 . Disgraced cyclist hit two parked cars after a night out in Aspen . He agreed to let girlfriend Anna Hansen take the blame to avoid attention . Police cited stripped Tour de France winner after Hansen owned up .
id: 8172d830918bca2943415903be59e9e641d1114a
chatgpt: Disgraced former professional cyclist Lance Armstrong was involved in a car accident on December 28, after a night out in Aspen. According to reports, Armstrong hit two parked cars, resulting in significant damage to both vehicles. Fortunately, there were no injuries. In a strange turn of events, Armstrong's girlfriend Anna Hansen agreed to take the blame for the accident in an attempt to avoid unwanted attention. Despite Hansen's best efforts, however, the police eventually cited Armstrong for the incident. This is not the first time that Armstrong has found himself in legal trouble. In 2012, he was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles after it was discovered that he had used performance-enhancing drugs throughout his career. The scandal rocked the cycling world and tarnished Armstrong's legacy as one of the sport's all-time greats. Since the scandal, Armstrong has largely remained out of the public eye. However, this latest incident has once again put him in the spotlight. Some are questioning whether Armstrong has truly taken responsibility for his actions, or if he is still willing to go to great lengths to hide the truth. Armstrong has not commented publicly on the incident, but his lawyer released a brief statement. "Mr. Armstrong is cooperating fully with the authorities and will do whatever it takes to make things right," the statement read. "He is deeply sorry for any harm he may have caused." Despite Armstrong's contrition, many are calling for him to face more severe consequences for his actions. Some have even suggested that he should be banned from cycling permanently. Others argue that erasing Armstrong from the record books would be a mistake because he won those events fair and square at the time. Only time will tell how this latest incident affects Armstrong's legacy. For now, it seems that he is once again in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons. Whether he will be able to redeem himself in the eyes of the public remains to be seen.