article: Living in Massachusetts or New Hampshire may mean you’re more intelligent than residents of California and Mississippi. That's according to a recent study of reading levels and IQs, based on 500,000 Twitter messages posted by people across the U.S. The study used a computer algorithm to score tweets based on spelling, grammar and word choice, and found a significant difference in state-by-state intelligence. Zoom in on a state to find its average reading score based on tweets . Top 5: . Vermont - 5.75Wyoming - 5.51Massachusetts - 5.33Minnesota - 5.32 Maine- 5.30 . Bottom 5: . Louisiana - 4.2Alabama - 4.4South Carolina - 4.4Mississipi - 4.5Arizona - 4.6 . Average: 4 . Californian real-estate group Movoto has now used this data to create a series of 3D interactive maps showing a breakdown of reading level and IQ by state, based on the Twitter feedback . Overall scores were relatively low, with the majority of states falling between a fourth grade and sixth grade reading level. ‘The required brevity of tweets is likely the cause of this, and the comparison of states is the real measurement of interest,’ said Chris Kolmar, chief economist from Movoto. Interestingly, state-by-state results seemed to match up to previous official state education performance statistics. For example, of the five states that ranked the lowest in grade-level reading ability during the analysis of tweets, four of them also ranked in the top six of worst-educated states in 2011. These included Vermont, Wyoming and New York. Click on a state to find its average reading score based on tweets . Top 5: . Massachusetts - 104.3New Hampshire - 104.2North Dakota - 103.8Vermont - 103.8Minnesota - 103.7 . Bottom 5: . Mississippi - 94.2California - 95.5Louisiana - 95.3Alabama - 95.7New Mexico - 95.7 . Average: 97 . The most intelligent states, based on reading level on Twitter, were all in the north and are split equally between the northeast and the cluster of states that include Minnesota, both Dakotas, and Montana. In the State of the States in Education report, which is based on 2009 data, half of those states were listed as a top 10 state for 8th-grade reading proficiency. The majority of the states coming up somewhere in the middle, with average scores were located in the west, southwest, midwest, and along the east coast. ‘An interesting question which is not explored here would examine the reason behind this correlation,’ said Kolmar. ‘Are worse writing skills correlated with lower IQ scores, are IQ tests necessarily biased to the better educated?’ The states with the lowest IQ were found to be Mississippi, Alabama, New Mexico, Louisiana and California. Somewhat unexpectedly, high-school graduation rates didn’t match up with a state’s tweeting abilities. ‘Perhaps there should be a class on incorporating proper grammar, spelling, and word choice into tweets,’ Kolmar concluded. Click on a state to find its average IQ based on tweets .
highlights: Results were revealed in a study of IQ levels based on the 500,000 Twitter messages left by people across U.S. California-based study used a computer algorithm to score tweets based on spelling, grammar and word choice . It said the state-by-state results seemed to match up to recent official state education performance statistics . Study found most intelligent states are Massachusetts, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont and Minnesota . The states with the lowest IQ were found to be Mississippi, Alabama, New Mexico, Louisiana and California .
id: 8813f0b06000809a1bf125479ebfacfe24ed50a9
chatgpt: According to a recent study conducted by a California-based research group, the analysis of IQ levels based on Twitter messages has led to some interesting findings. The study used a computer algorithm to evaluate the spelling, grammar, and word choice used by Twitter users across the United States. The results suggest a correlation between the IQ levels of different states and their respective education systems. The study analyzed approximately 500,000 tweets from users across the United States. The tweets were evaluated using a computer algorithm that assessed their spelling, grammar, and word choice. This provided a dataset that allowed the researchers to evaluate the IQ levels of users in each state. The results of the study showed that there were significant differences in IQ levels across the United States. The most intelligent states were found to be Massachusetts, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Vermont, and Minnesota. These states scored highest in the study, indicating that their residents had higher IQ levels overall. The study also found that the states with the lowest IQ levels were Mississippi, Alabama, New Mexico, Louisiana, and California. These states scored the lowest in the study, indicating that their residents had lower IQ levels on average.  The findings of the study have raised concerns about the education systems and policies in the United States. The states with the lowest IQ levels in the study are also some of the poorest states in terms of income and education levels. This confirms the link between education and intelligence, and highlights the need to improve education quality in the United States. The researchers behind the study hope that their findings will encourage policymakers to focus on improving the education systems in the states with the lowest IQ levels. The study may also lead to more research on the links between IQ levels, education, and other social factors. Overall, the study provides an interesting and thought-provoking analysis of IQ levels across the United States. The results suggest a strong link between education and intelligence, and highlight the need for policymakers to address inequalities in education quality across the country.