article: (CNN) -- The U.S. men's hockey team lost any dream of an Olympic medal Saturday when Finland crushed them 5-0 in the consolation game for the bronze medal in the Sochi Games. The loss was a major American disappointment in one of the Olympics' marquee events, especially after the Americans earlier beat the Russians. Finland broke open the scoreless game in the second period, by scoring two successive goals in the opening minutes, embarrassing the Americans, who seemed uninspired. By the third period, the game was a blowout as the U.S. team was unable to find the goal. The Americans appeared Saturday to still be reeling from their loss this week to Canada, 1-0, which meant that the Americans would be relegated to playing for the bronze medal and the Canadian team advancing to Sunday's game for the gold. Americans entered the Olympics with high hopes -- and a quest to redeem themselves after their performance in the last Winter Games in Vancouver in 2010 when they lost the gold-medal game to Canada 3-2 in overtime and went home with a silver medal. In the Sochi Games, the U.S. team demonstrated early prowess when they beat the Czech Republic 5-2 and then archrival Russia 3-2. But the U.S. team then lost to Canada, which will play Sweden on Sunday. And then the Americans were shutout Saturday. The Fins seemed to score at will in the third period, racking up three goals. At least the U.S. women fared better in the Sochi Games. This week they took a silver medal after they lost the gold medal game to Canada in overtime, 3-2. The Olympics' hockey game has emerged as a sort of a world championship because many of hockey's top pros play in the Winter Games for their respective countries. As so, the Finnish team was loaded with National Hockey League talent, as was the American team. The Finnish team featured NHL players such as Anaheim's Teemu Selanne, Boston's Tuukka Rask and Dallas' Kari Lehtonen. The Fins were a formidable team entering the bronze medal game because their two losses came to the two finalists who will be playing in Sunday's gold medal game -- Canada and Sweden -- and because they knocked Russia out of the Games.
highlights: Finland shuts out the Americans by scoring two goals in 2nd period, three in 3rd period . The U.S. team seemed to be reeling from an earlier loss to Canada . Canada and Sweden will play for the gold .
id: 896130edb520b6c3ddc70d1f2c09eba2e5096233
chatgpt: Finland delivered a stunning upset over the United States in the semifinals of the Olympic ice hockey tournament on Friday. The Finnish team scored two goals in the second period, followed by three more in the third period, to shut out the Americans 5-0. The U.S. team seemed to be struggling since an earlier loss to Canada, and despite having a number of scoring opportunities, they were unable to convert any of them. The Finnish team, on the other hand, capitalized on their chances and were able to take control of the game. The Finnish captain, Marko Anttila, led his team to victory, scoring two goals in the game. The Finnish goalkeeper, Kevin Lankinen, also played a crucial role in the win, making a series of crucial saves to keep the Americans from getting back into the game. The United States, who were considered one of the favorites to win the tournament, were left disappointed by the loss. "We weren't good enough, plain and simple," said U.S. coach Jeff Blashill. With the win, Finland advances to the gold medal game, where they will face Sweden. The two Nordic rivals will battle for the top prize in what promises to be an exciting matchup. Sweden, who are the reigning Olympic champions, defeated Finland earlier in the tournament, but the Finnish team will be looking to avenge that loss and claim their first Olympic gold medal since 1998. As for the United States, they will have to settle for a shot at the bronze medal. The U.S. team will take on Canada in the third-place game, in what should be a highly competitive matchup between two bitter rivals. Despite the disappointment of the loss, the U.S. team will be looking to finish the tournament on a high note, and bring home some hardware for their efforts. Overall, the Olympic ice hockey tournament has been filled with surprises and upsets, highlighting the intense competition and high level of skill exhibited by all the teams involved. With one game left to play, fans around the world will be eagerly watching as the final showdown unfolds.