article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A  hiker was rescued by yodeling for help after getting stuck for three hours in a cattle grid. German walker Martin Kaiser, 54, used to the traditional mountain form of communication after getting stuck in the cattle grid while he was wandering along a remote forest trail leading up the Hochkoenig mountain in the Austrian Pinzgau region. Tourist Kaiser had been walking with his dog when the animal suddenly stopped at the cattle grid then ran back the way they had come. A hiker was rescued by yodeling for help after getting stuck for three hours in a cattle grid . As he span around to try to call it back, he lost his footing and one of his legs became trapped. He said: 'It was incredibly painful and very difficult to move. I couldn't get out at all and so all I could do was wait until someone came along to help me. 'I eventually decided to yodel for help because there was nothing else to do. 'I was worried that I might get sunstroke, or suffer damage to my leg because the circulation might have been cut off. German walker Martin Kaiser, 54, used to the traditional mountain form of communication after getting stuck in the cattle grid while he was wandering along a remote forest trail leading up the Hochkoenig mountain in the Austrian Pinzgau region . Kaiser had been walking with his dog when the animal suddenly stopped at the cattle grid. As he span around to try to call it back, he lost his footing and one of his legs became trapped . 'I certainly didn't want to end up spending the night there.' In the end he was rescued when a cyclist heard the yodeling hiker and after failing to get him free himself called the emergency services who sent firemen to help. Despite scratches Kaiser was unhurt and, after being given first aid on the scene, was allowed to continue on his Alpine ramble with his dog. He added: 'I will make sure I pay more attention to the cattle grid in the future.'
highlights: Martin Kaiser, 54, used the traditional mountain form of communication . Kaiser had been walking with his dog when his leg became trapped . Despite suffering a few scratches Kaiser was unhurt from the ordeal .
id: f49d8dc31a62f101c65563f62357c60655e8511f
chatgpt: A man in his mid-50s had a harrowing experience while walking with his dog on a mountain trail recently. Martin Kaiser, 54, found himself in quite an alarming situation when his leg got trapped between rocks. But instead of panicking, Kaiser relied on the traditional mountain form of communication to summon help. According to sources, Kaiser was walking with his dog on a mountain trail when he slipped and fell. While trying to get back up, he lost his footing and his leg got trapped between two large rocks. Despite his best efforts, he couldn't free himself and was left helpless. Fortunately, Kaiser was well-prepared for such an eventuality, as he had learned about the traditional mountain form of communication. Using the method, he signaled for help by shouting into the valley and banging two stones together to create a loud noise that echoed across the mountain. Kaiser's cries for help were eventually heard by a group of hikers who were in the area. They immediately rushed to the spot where Kaiser was trapped and managed to free him from the rocks. Luckily, Kaiser only suffered a few scratches and was not hurt in the ordeal. Kaiser credits his training with coming to his rescue in his time of need. He says he learned about the traditional mountain form of communication from a book and had been practicing it for years. According to him, it helped him not only to signal for help but also to stay calm and focused in a dire situation. The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of being well-prepared when venturing out into the mountains. Experts advise hikers and climbers to be equipped with the necessary tools and knowledge to deal with emergencies. In particular, they should know how to signal for help and be able to stay focused in stressful situations. Kaiser's experience also highlights the role that traditional forms of communication can play in emergencies. In an age where we rely so heavily on technology, it is heartening to see that ancient knowledge and skills can still save lives. Overall, while the incident was scary for Mr. Kaiser, it serves as an important reminder of the need to be prepared for the worst when spending time outdoors. Thanks to his quick thinking and traditional communication techniques, he was able to make it out of a dangerous situation unscathed.