article: (CNN) -- When the sun went down, their voices did not. Riot police on the street in Tehran on Monday. "Allah O Akbar!" the crowds on the tops of building chanted over and over. Cell phone footage shows the nighttime scene in Tehran, Iran, which was sent to CNN's iReport. As the camera pans with a jerk from building to building, protesters whistle and shout loudly while cars are heard honking in support. The phrase, which means, "God is great" has become a rallying cry for protesting Iranians who have risked their lives and clashed with riot police because they believe the nation's recent presidential election was rigged. Watch iReport video of the protest chorus . CNN spoke with the man who shot the footage. He didn't want to give his name. Doing so might jeopardize his impending escape from Iran and entry into Belgium, he said. He was reached by phone while driving in Tehran Sunday at 10 p.m. ET after he sent the video to iReport's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. See iReporter's cell phone photos taken Monday in Iran . He described seeing candles across the city which had been lit around 7 p.m. in Iran. Many were placed on rooftops in the memory of a woman known to the world as "Neda." A widely circulated video of the young woman shows her apparently in the middle of protests over the weekend with an older man, believed to be her father. It looks as though she is shot in the chest and drops to the ground. Blood runs from the side of her mouth as a few people, including the older man, press on her chest and shout her name. One pleads, "Do not to be afraid." The camera closes in on her face as her eyes roll back and are still. She appears to die on camera. Another shocking video sent to CNN's iReport was also filmed from a rooftop, this time looking down at what seems to be an extremely violent scene on the roof of a shorter building. A group of men in black, members of the nation's Basij militia, the iReporter says, appear to gang up on one man and beat him with batons. The footage shows him lying motionless as the men in black walk away. Riot police and Basij militia tried to keep large crowds from congregating in Haft-e Tir Square and on Monday arrested at least eight people, witnesses said. CNN's international desk producers monitor official Web sites of the Iranian government. There has been no reaction to the violence posted on those sites, but the Iranian government has previously said that it does not approve of street protests. Internet posts on Twitter and Facebook continue to be come from across the globe. Hundreds for Neda. "More helicopters flying over Tehran today than any previous day" someone from inside Iran tweeted Monday.
highlights: Iranians chant their protest cry "Allah O Akbar" from rooftops . iReporter says Iranians leaving candles on roofs in memory of woman killed . Death of the woman, known as Neda, was captured on video and broadcast globally .
id: 08b4b20373bee9de63ee1a322fffbae43c2dfbb3
chatgpt: Tension and unrest remain palpable in Iran following the public killing of a young woman named Neda during a demonstration against the country's disputed presidential election. The death of Neda, whose last moments were captured on video and broadcast worldwide, has become a rallying cry for those protesting the country's regime. As millions of Iranians continue to take to the streets to voice their dissent, reports have emerged of a new form of protest: citizens chanting "Allah O Akbar" from their rooftops in the middle of the night. This phrase, which means "God is great" in Arabic, has been used as a protest cry in Iran for decades, and was notably utilized during the country's 1979 Islamic Revolution. According to eyewitness accounts, the "Allah O Akbar" chants can be heard resounding across the country in the quiet of the night, as Iranians take to their rooftops and balconies to make their voices heard. This form of protest has been particularly effective in urban areas where buildings are tightly clustered together, as the chants reverberate across entire neighborhoods. One iReporter, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of reprisal, reported that some Iranians have been leaving candles on their rooftops in memory of Neda, the young woman whose death has come to symbolize the brutality of the Iranian government's crackdown on protesters. The reporter described the scene as "heartbreaking," with flickering candles illuminating the rooftops and the sound of the "Allah O Akbar" chants piercing the night air. The protests in Iran, which have been ongoing since the disputed presidential election on June 12th, show no signs of abating. Officially, the government claims that the incumbent president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, won the election by a wide margin. However, opponents of the regime allege that the election was rigged and that the true victor was opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi. Despite brutal crackdowns by the country's security forces, including the use of tear gas, batons, and firearms, protesters have continued to take to the streets in cities and towns across Iran. The government, meanwhile, continues to deny that any violence or repression is occurring, claiming that foreign media outlets are spreading propaganda against the country. The global community has responded with widespread condemnation of the Iranian government's tactics, and the United Nations has called for an investigation into the alleged human rights abuses. In the meantime, many Iranians both inside and outside the country are turning to social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook to communicate with each other and with the rest of the world. For now, the "Allah O Akbar" chants continue to ring out across Iranian cities and towns, as citizens defy their government's attempts to silence them. As protesters continue to take to the streets and demand a fair and democratic system of government, the world waits to see how the situation will ultimately unfold.