article: By . Tamara Cohen . He once said he had as much chance of becoming Prime Minister as being decapitated by a frisbee or being reincarnated as an olive. But Boris Johnson now appears to regard the top job as not quite such a remote prospect after all. In typically flamboyant style, he declared: ‘If the ball came loose from the back of a scrum, it would be a great thing to have a crack at.’ The sporting analogy marked a change of tone from previous interviews in which he slapped down questions about coveting the top job. 'How could anybody elect a prat who gets stuck on a zip wire?' Mr Johnson has been dismissive of questions about his leadership ambitions in the past . Quite apart from his remarks about olives and frisbees, after he was photographed dangling from a zip wire in an Olympics publicity stunt last summer, he said: ‘How could anybody elect a prat who gets stuck on a zip wire?’ But some months on, with David Cameron plagued by rumours of leadership plots, Mr Johnson took a more serious tone. He said: ‘I think it’s a very tough job being prime minister. ‘Obviously, if the ball came loose from the back of a scrum – which it won’t – it would be a great, great thing to have a crack at. But it’s not going to happen.’ How little he's changed: The infant Boris (left) in a picture from his family album used in the BBC2 documentary. He's . still making faces as mayor (right) His remarks emerged days after . veteran MP Sir Peter Tapsell was overheard by Tory MPs telling David . Cameron he would be prepared to stand down to allow him to return to the . House of Commons. He holds . the Tory safe seat of Louth and Horncastle in Lincolnshire. Other MPs . closer to London have also been rumoured to be prepared to step aside. Mr Johnson was speaking in a documentary by Michael Cockerell who has profiled Margaret Thatcher, Ted Heath, Alan Clark, Barbara Castle and Mr Cameron. What Mr Johnson says to the documentary maker is quoted in an article by Mr Cockerell in this week’s Radio Times. His sister, columnist Rachel Johnson, tells how as a child Boris told people he wanted to be ‘World King’. His mother – the painter Charlotte Johnson Wahl, who divorced Boris’s father, former MP Stanley, when he was a child – said she thought it was ‘a wish to make himself unhurtable, invincible, and somehow safe from the… pain of your parents splitting up’. Mr Johnson also spoke of his ‘self-loathing’ at the raucous antics of the Bullingdon Club drinking society of which he and Mr Cameron were members at Oxford. As ever, he shrugged off questions about his private life, claiming the public were ‘little interested in that side of things’. Boris Johnson: The Irresistible Rise is due to be shown on BBC2 at 9pm on March 25.
highlights: Boris Johnson admits he'd grab the chance to become leader . He has previously dismissed questions about becoming Tory leader . But Mayor of London says he doesn't think it will happen .
id: fa069c8586fc77a5f294ab911315f278cf64ad77
chatgpt: In a surprise admission, Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, has declared that he would not pass up the opportunity to become the leader of the Conservative party in the future. Johnson, who has been tipped as a possible successor to Prime Minister David Cameron, has previously dismissed questions about his leadership aspirations. Speaking at an event in central London on Monday, Johnson said, "If the ball came loose from the back of a scrum — which it won't — it would be a great, great thing to have a crack at.” The statement marks a significant shift in Johnson's public stance on the issue. In the past, he has been coy when asked about his leadership ambitions and has often responded with jokes or deflections. However, Johnson was quick to dampen any speculation about a leadership bid in the near future. "I don't think it will happen," he said. "I think David Cameron is doing a fantastic job." The admission comes as the Conservative party finds itself facing mounting pressure from UKIP in the run-up to the general election in May. With Cameron's leadership style coming under fire from some quarters, many within the party are looking for a fresh face to take over as leader. Johnson, who was first elected as Mayor of London in 2008, is widely regarded as one of the most popular politicians in the country. His colourful personal life and unorthodox approach to politics have helped to endear him to voters across the political spectrum. Despite his popularity, however, Johnson has faced some criticism over his handling of important issues like the London riots and the ongoing housing crisis in the capital. Some have suggested that he lacks the gravitas and policy expertise to take on the role of Prime Minister. Nevertheless, Johnson's admission that he would be willing to take on the top job in the Conservative party will be seen by many as a sign of his ambition and determination. For now, however, it seems that he is content to bide his time and wait for the right opportunity to arise. Whether or not Johnson will ever get the chance to lead the Conservative party remains to be seen. With the election just months away and Cameron insisting that he will lead the party into the next parliament, it seems that Johnson's wait may be a long one. Nevertheless, his comments have certainly injected some excitement into the Conservative party leadership race, and many will be watching to see how the situation develops over the coming months.