article: A raunchy burger ad which features both Paris Hilton and swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson has been banned in New Zealand. The advertisement for Carl's Jr. American burger chain used sex appeal to promote its new Texas BBQ Thickburger which comes with cripsy fried jalapeno. Hilton tweeted that the ad was 'so hot, it's been banned from TV in New Zealand'. Scroll down for video . Swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson who features in the Carl's Jr American burger chain TV advertisement . Ferguson shows off her features as she ensures that she cleans the truck from top to bottom . Ferguson (left) and Paris Hilton (right) both promote the new Texas BBQ Thickburger in the raunchy ad . The racy advert was banned in New Zealand by the Commercial Approvals Bureau, the body which approves ads before they go to air . Both Hilton and Ferguson show off some skin in the new advertisement . The ad begins with Ferguson in a black bikini as she seduces the camera by washing a truck whilst also taking a bite out of the mammoth new burger. Then Hilton makes her entrance by driving up in a black shiny luxury car, also wearing swimwear which shows off her features. Carl's Jr new Texas BBQ Thickburger . The socialite struts up to her model companion, only to tell her that she's missed a spot whilst cleaning the truck. Hilton is referring to the deep-fried jalapeno which previously dropped from the burger, as she picks it up and pops it in her mouth. This isn't the first time the fast-food outlet has had its ad rejected by New Zealand's Commercial Approvals Bureau, the body which assesses TV ads before they go to air. Last year a similarly racy ad was barred, the New Zealand Herald reports. CAB general manager Rob Hoar said the new ad did exactly the last. 'They sent it to us and said, what do you think? And we said no...because it would have been in breach of the Advertising Standards Authority's codes,' he told the Herald. 'I don't think they ever thought we would approve it, I just think they wanted to be able to put out a press release.' The burger comes with a charbroiled Angus beef patty, American cheese, topped with beef brisket, mesquite barbecue sauce, crispy jalapeno and onion strips. Carl's Jr is an American fast-food restaurants which has outlets worldwide. Paris Hilton tweeted about the ban of the advertisement on New Zealand TV on Friday .
highlights: The Carl's Jr. American burger chain features Paris Hilton and swimsuit model Hannah Ferguso to promote the new Texas BBQ Thickburger . The ad initially shows Ferguson in a bikini and washing a truck . She then takes a bite out of the new burger when Hilton makes her appearance . The racy advert was banned in New Zealand by the Commercial Approvals Bureau . Hilton tweeted the ad was 'so hot, it's been banned from TV in New Zealand'
id: 562d69a1fb5224182fab8ac7356e72f1fe5fafd1
chatgpt: Carl's Jr.'s latest advertisement featuring swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson and celebrity Paris Hilton has recently caused quite a stir. The advertisement was created to promote the fast food chain's latest offering, the Texas BBQ Thickburger. However, it was deemed too racy for New Zealand and banned by the Commercial Approvals Bureau. The ad starts with Ferguson, clad in a bikini, washing a truck. She then takes a bite of the new burger, and that's when Hilton makes her grand entrance. Sporting a low-cut black dress, Hilton declares, "I love burgers, juicy burgers!" The suggestive tone of the ad is undeniable, and it's not hard to see why it was deemed too inappropriate for New Zealand audiences. Despite the controversy, the ad was shared widely on social media, with Hilton herself tweeting, "So hot, it's been banned from TV in New Zealand." The tweet garnered a lot of attention, with many people expressing their desire to see the ad for themselves. But why was the advertisement banned in New Zealand? According to the Commercial Approvals Bureau, the ad was "too sexualized." They stated that while Ferguson and Hilton are both beautiful women, the ad should focus on the product and not objectify women. It's not the first time Carl's Jr. has come under fire for its advertisements. The American fast food chain has built a reputation for using racy ads to promote their products. In the past, they've featured models like Kate Upton and Emily Ratajkowski in skimpy outfits to advertise their burgers. However, the approach seems to have paid off for them. The commercials have garnered a lot of attention and the brand's sales have increased as a result. It's a polarizing approach that has led to some criticism, but also a lot of buzz. With the controversy surrounding its latest ad, Carl's Jr. is once again in the headlines. While the advertisement may have been banned in New Zealand, it's clear that it's still causing a stir online. It's hard to say whether the controversy will harm or help the brand's sales, but one thing is for sure: their racy ads are unlikely to stop anytime soon.