article: London (CNN) -- An artwork by Barbara Hepworth, one of the most highly regarded sculptors of the 20th century, has been stolen from a park in London, amid what art experts fear is a metal theft "epidemic." The bronze sculpture called "Two Forms (Divided Circle)" stood in Dulwich Park for more than 40 years until it was removed on Monday night. The artwork was insured for Â£500,000 ($785,000) but one art expert said it was likely to be sold for scrap for just a few hundred pounds. Two years ago police said they believed that a Henry Moore bronze sculpture "Reclining Figure," valued at Â£3 million, stolen from the late artist's estate north of London was probably sold for just Â£1,500. The crime comes as surging demand for copper, lead and bronze has led to thefts from railway lines, phone lines and even war memorials in Britain. This has led to delays on the rail network, while the theft of cables at a Welsh hospital last week led to the cancellation of 100 operations, including some for cancer treatment. Julian Radcliffe, chairman of the Art Loss Register, which tracks stolen works, said the chance of the Hepworth sculpture being recovered was low. "The police are putting much effort into this theft, but due to the metal theft epidemic it was probably stolen for its scrap value." The artwork was unlikely to have been stolen by a collector, Radcliffe said. "Of 2,000 stolen items recovered in recent years, all but two were taken for financial gain. Any collector would want to publicize that they had an artwork so the idea of someone sitting in a cave surrounded by art is just a figment of novelists' imagination." Art lovers were distraught over the theft of the work by Hepworth, who died in a fire at her studio in St. Ives, Cornwall, in 1975. Simon Wallis, director of the Hepworth Wakefield gallery in northern England, said: "Barbara Hepworth is one of the greatest artists of the 20th century and appreciation of her work has never been greater. "Her work is a major part of this country's cultural heritage and we very much hope the work will be recovered, so that the public can once again enjoy Two Forms (Divided Circle) in its original setting." UK politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter thefts during the economic downturn. The price of copper has risen exponentially due to increased demand for raw materials from countries such as China, and now trades at more $8,500 per ton. Gold, brass and lead values have also increased by almost 20% in 2011.
highlights: Bronze artwork by sculptor Barbara Hepworth stolen from park in London . Art expert says it was likely sold for scrap for just a few hundred pounds . Demand for metals has led to thefts from railways, phone lines and war memorials . Politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter thefts .
id: da9b65c7ab6b9210a6877d549297273de2f4c27a
chatgpt: A bronze sculpture by renowned sculptor Barbara Hepworth has been stolen from a park in the heart of London. The artwork, which was valued at several thousand pounds, was situated in Dulwich Park, a popular recreational area in South London. The theft has led to calls for greater controls on scrap metal dealers, who are believed to be involved in the growing problem of metal thefts across the country. According to an art expert, the sculpture was likely sold for scrap for just a few hundred pounds. This is despite the fact that the artwork was a unique piece by one of Britain’s most celebrated artists. The theft highlights the growing problem of metal thefts, which have been on the rise in recent years due to the high demand for metals in countries like China and India. Metal thefts have been reported across the UK. Thieves have targeted railways, phone lines and war memorials in their quest for metal. The thefts have had a devastating impact on communities, with essential services such as electricity and communications disrupted as a result of the thefts. Politicians are now facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers in order to counter the growing problem of metal thefts. There are concerns that some scrap metal dealers may be willing to buy stolen metal, which in turn encourages thieves to target specific locations. The call for greater controls comes amid growing concern about the impact of metal thefts on communities. The theft of the Hepworth sculpture has been described as a major blow to the art world. The sculpture was a unique piece by one of Britain’s most celebrated artists and was highly prized by collectors. It is not the first time that a major artwork has been stolen in the UK. In recent years, thieves have targeted high-profile collections in museums and galleries, causing significant damage to the country’s cultural heritage. The theft of the Hepworth sculpture has also highlighted the need for greater security measures in public spaces. Many public parks and gardens are home to valuable artworks, which can be targeted by thieves. The theft has raised concerns about the vulnerability of public art and the need for greater investment in security measures. In response to the growing problem of metal thefts, the government has introduced new legislation to crack down on the illegal trade in scrap metal. However, there are concerns that the measures may not go far enough to address the root causes of the problem. Critics argue that greater investment in law enforcement and security measures is needed to tackle the issue. The theft of the Hepworth sculpture is a stark reminder of the impact that metal thefts can have on communities and the wider society. The incident has highlighted the need for greater controls on scrap metal dealers and greater investment in security measures in public spaces. It is clear that more needs to be done to tackle the growing problem of metal thefts across the UK.