article: By . Simon Walters . The fragile Tory truce over Europe disintegrated last night after it emerged that more than 100 Conservative MPs and candidates are set to defy David Cameron at the General Election next year by vowing to leave the EU. The Prime Minister has promised the Tory manifesto will spell out his pledge for a referendum by 2017 on Britain’s links with Europe after trying to win back key powers from Brussels. But Tory rebels will go further and make their own personal manifesto vows to campaign to withdraw from the EU – regardless of any concessions by Brussels. David Cameron faces the threat of at least 100 of his own MPs vowing to leave the EU after the next election. Kent MP Mark Reckless (right) says Britain should leave whatever deal is struck with the EU . It is a major rebuff for Mr Cameron, who hoped his referendum commitment would stop open warfare over Europe during the campaign. The rebels were to declare their provocative plan after May’s European Parliament elections, when they are expected to lose seats to UKIP, but the move was leaked to The Mail on Sunday. The rebels say Mr Cameron should not accuse them of disloyalty because when he first stood for Parliament in 1997, then Prime Minister John Major begged Tory candidates to back his pledge not to have his hands tied on whether Britain should join the proposed euro, which was launched in 1999. Mr Cameron was among many who refused, pledging to rule out joining the single currency.Rochester Tory MP Mark Reckless said last night he would vow to vote to quit the EU – and ignore  Mr Cameron’s plan to renegotiate membership. Rebel MPs say their stand is similar to Mr Cameron's own stance on John Major's demands on the euro in 1999 . Mr Reckless, currently conducting his own EU referendum in his Kent constituency, said: ‘There is no prospect of being able to remake the EU in a way that is acceptable to Britain. We are going to have an in/out referendum by 2017 and I will vote to come out.’ Another Conservative MP, who asked not to be named, said: ‘We will loyally refer to Mr Cameron’s hopes of a new settlement with Brussels in our manifestos, but the message will be clear – vote for us and we will vote to get our sovereignty back and go it alone without the dead hand of Brussels.’ A third Tory said: ‘When it suited Mr Cameron to make a firm statement against the euro in his 1997 manifesto... he went ahead and did it. So will we. He would not be so ill-judged to try to stop us, as it would leave him vulnerable to the charge of hypocrisy.’
highlights: Scores of MPs set to defy their leader and promise voters an EU exit . Cameron has vowed to renegotiate deal with Europe before any poll . But many in his party want to leave the union regardless of any changes .
id: 631e0d547a80a9342281ace5221cedbeaaf89180
chatgpt: Scores of Conservative MPs are set to break ranks with their party leader, David Cameron, by pledging to take Britain out of the European Union in spite of the Prime Minister's promise to renegotiate the terms of its membership prior to a referendum on the issue. The move has created a deep divide within the Conservative Party and threatens to derail the campaign strategy of the party ahead of the upcoming elections. Prime Minister Cameron has made it clear that he wanted to re-negotiate the UK's relationship with the EU before a referendum scheduled for 2017. This would include changes on issues such as immigration and the repatriation of powers from Brussels to London. However, a number of MPs within his party have indicated that they would vote to leave the EU in any circumstances, regardless of any reforms made. The rift in the Conservative party over the issue of EU membership has continued to widen, with MPs and party members alike taking ideological positions on the question. While some argue that the UK is better off leaving the EU so as to protect its sovereignty and regain control over issues such as immigration, others contend that leaving the EU would be disastrous for the British economy, and that reform is the only viable way forward for the UK. With the government currently experiencing a sizeable backlash over its handling of the coronavirus pandemic, the Conservative Party's ability to unify behind a common cause on such a high-stakes issue has become more important than ever. Analysts say the split could have a significant impact on the party's chances of winning the next election and retaining power, given the voters' strong opinions on the issue. One senior Conservative MP, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that Eurosceptic MPs were right to defy Cameron, given the urgency of the situation. "This government has made no progress towards reforming the EU, and it's not clear that we can achieve substantive changes to the EU's structure in the time available," the MP said. "We need to take control of our borders now, and we need Brexit to do it." However, other MPs have warned that the UK would risk facing serious economic consequences if it left the EU without adequate arrangements for trade and investment. One high-ranking Conservative MP, also speaking on the condition of anonymity, said "If we don't have a satisfactory trade agreement with Europe, then we'll lose jobs, and that will be bad news for the economy and for any government who is in power at the time." Despite the party's internal division on the issue, there is consensus that Europe will be an important agenda item in the next general election. With the Brexit referendum now scheduled for 2017, the Conservative Party is left with little time to resolve the issue of EU membership before voters go to the polls. Recent polls indicate that a majority of voters are in favor of remaining within the EU and that the government would need to make significant progress on the issue in order to persuade them otherwise. In the face of a growing challenge from his own party, Cameron has remained steadfast in his commitment to re-negotiate the UK's relationship with Europe. He has reiterated his belief that the UK is better off within the EU, but with the right safeguards in place. Speaking last month, he stated, "I want to see Britain staying in a reformed EU that is more competitive, more outward-looking and more democratic - and I will negotiate hard to achieve that." As the Brexit debate continues to rage on, it is clear that the Conservative Party is in danger of being weakened by its own internal divisions, complicating the party's plans for the upcoming elections and threatening its chances at retaining power. Whether the party leadership can find a way to reconcile the differing views on this divisive issue remains to be seen.