article: By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 21:16 EST, 22 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:46 EST, 22 August 2013 . Seven hairstylists have reached a confidential settlement with a former co-worker to end a lawsuit over a $9.5 million lottery jackpot, parties in the case said on Thursday. Defendant Christy Shaw, who claimed she bought the winning ticket separately from those purchased with pooled money, told WTHR-TV that everyone walked away with something. She said everyone decided it was in their best interest to settle. 'We were tired and ready to get it over with,' Ms Shaw said. Scroll down for video . Pay-out: Hair stylists from an Indianapolis salon reached a settlement today over a $9.5million lottery ticket that one worker tried to claim for herself . The seven plaintiffs claimed everyone . in the group agreed to share any winnings from tickets purchased at the . same time as those for the pool. A . court document stated Shaw knew the rules because they were regularly . discussed in the salon, Lou's Creative Styles in the Indianapolis . enclave of Lawrence. However, . Shaw, who no longer works at the salon, said in court filings that no . one there ever told her that the person buying tickets for the group . could not purchase personal tickets at the same location. 'I didn't know about that rule. They're saying everyone knew about it. I did not,' Shaw said. An . Indianapolis judge issued a preliminary injunction in March barring the . Hoosier Lottery from paying the jackpot from a February 16 drawing . until the case was resolved . Christina Shaw, pictured, claimed that she bought the winning ticket for herself and was separate from the pool tickets she purchased . The . settlement was confidential, but co-plaintiff Margie Day-Brugh hinted . that all will receive sizeable shares of the jackpot when she told the . Indianapolis Star that she doesn't expect her co-workers to quit. 'We . probably could, but we enjoy our jobs,' she said. 'We are all happy . with the outcome and just wish it could have been settled in a nice . way.' The parties agreed to settle on Tuesday evening after a mediation hearing on Monday. Lottery . spokeswoman Stephanie McFarland said the parties can claim the prize at . Hoosier Lottery headquarters in Indianapolis once the preliminary . injunction is lifted. 'We are awaiting notification from the court,' McFarland said.
highlights: Hairstylist Christina Shaw claims she bought winning $9.5M lotto ticket on her own and not for office pool . Seven other hairstylists are testifying that she did, going against what they had agreed upon . Court judge to rule whether to freeze winnings until dispute is settled .
id: 7c597b0a492194a43869f37c140a0063f6fa50a2
chatgpt: Hairstylist Christina Shaw has been caught up in a dispute with her colleagues over the ownership of a $9.5 million lottery ticket. Shaw has claimed that she purchased the ticket on her own, and therefore the winnings are hers alone. However, seven other hairstylists at the salon where Shaw works are testifying that they had all agreed to pool their money together to buy lottery tickets with the hopes of winning big. This disagreement has now led to a court battle to determine the rightful owner of the lottery winnings. The court judge will have to rule on whether to freeze the winnings until this dispute can be settled, as tensions rise between the salon colleagues. Shaw reportedly purchased the lottery ticket at a gas station in Trenton, New Jersey. She claims that she used her own money for the ticket, and not any funds that had been pooled from the salon staff. Shaw intends to use the winnings to pay off her bills and take her family on a vacation. Her colleagues, however, maintain that they had all agreed to participate in an office pool to buy lottery tickets. They have provided documentation to show that they all contributed funds towards the purchase of the winning ticket. Shaw’s colleagues are now seeking legal help to ensure that they receive their fair share of the winnings. They claim that Shaw had previously agreed to participate in the office pool, and that it was understood among all staff members that they would share any winnings.  The judge presiding over the case must now decide who rightfully owns the lottery ticket and the winnings that come with it. If it can be proven that Shaw purchased the ticket using pooled funds, the judge may order her to share the winnings with her colleagues. This case is a reminder that when it comes to money, it is always important to have a clearly-defined agreement in place. Had the salon staff drawn up an agreement before purchasing the lottery tickets, this dispute may have been avoided. The salon coworkers are not the only ones watching this case closely. The workplace lottery pool is a common practice among friends, family, and even coworkers. Resolving this case will be an important precedent for future disputes over shared lottery winnings. As the case unfolds, the public will be watching closely to see how it will be resolved. Ultimately, it will be down to the judge to decide who the true winner of the lottery ticket is.