article: (CNN) -- Citing positive steps taken since the hazing death of a drum major, Florida A&M University's interim leader said Thursday he has lifted the suspension of the school's famous marching band. The Tallahassee, Florida, university's band, called the Marching 100, had been one of the top university marching bands in the United States, noted for its elaborate dance formations and innovative style incorporating popular music. But Robert Champion's death, and other reports of hazing, sullied its reputation. Champion was beaten on a bus after a November 2011 football game in Orlando, Florida, as part of a band hazing ritual. The 26-year-old died "within an hour" afterward, medical examiners reported. The Marching 100 was suspended by the university shortly after Champion's death. The school has said it was making reforms to address the problem of hazing both on and off campus, including requiring all students to sign an anti-hazing pledge. In a statement released Thursday, FAMU Interim President Larry Robinson said a "comprehensive" anti-hazing plan includes a revised student code of conduct procedures, enhanced means of reporting and investigating allegations, a new anti-hazing website, and more money for research on the problem. Officials said the band's first post-suspension performance has not been scheduled. Its new director, Sylvester Young, reported for work earlier this month. "When considering all of the measures we have put in place, I believe this constitutes us having the right conditions," Robinson said. Champion's parents, Robert Sr. and Pam, said they were not consulted about the decision. Their attorney told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB that hazing has occurred this year at the university. "They are putting dollars over the students," Robert Champion Sr. said of FAMU. Pam Champion said anti-hazing steps taken by FAMU are insufficient. "You need a lot more in order to get that message out," she told WSB. "You need to be in those schools, in their face, every opportunity that you can get." Robinson's predecessor as FAMU president, James Ammons, stepped down in July 2012 after trustees issued a no-confidence motion in his performance. The vote followed a series of investigations after Champion's death. The vote also related to financial audits that resulted from the hazing investigation. Twelve former students faced manslaughter charges in the Champion case, attorneys familiar with the case said in March. The band member's roommate in May pleaded nolo contendere, or no contest, to a felony charge of hazing resulting in death and first-degree hazing. CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Late student's parents criticize the decision . Drum major Robert Champion died after being beaten in a hazing ritual after a football game . The school's famed Marching 100 band was suspended after Champion's death . The school says positive steps have been taken, the suspension is lifted .
id: df32159b9c8c28bc48205bfc62160eb560075e1d
chatgpt: The parents of Robert Champion, a former drum major in Florida A&M University's Marching 100 band, have voiced their criticism of the decision to lift the suspension of the school's famed band. Champion died in 2011 after sustaining injuries from a hazing ritual that took place after a football game. The incident shed light on the dark world of hazing and led to reforms in the university and the Marching 100 band. The suspension of the band was imposed soon after the tragedy, as questions were raised about the culture of hazing that had long been associated with the band. The decision to lift the suspension comes after a period of reforms that were aimed at eliminating hazing practices and fostering a safer environment for the students. The university maintained that it had taken positive steps to address the issues of hazing and had made significant changes in the way the band operates. These changes included stricter rules and policies, increased supervision, and a focus on promoting a culture of respect and responsibility. Despite these efforts, the lifting of the suspension has been met with strong reactions from the public, especially from Champion's parents. Champion's parents, Pam and Robert Champion Sr., have expressed their disappointment with the decision, saying that the university has not done enough to ensure the safety of the students. In a statement, they said, "We feel that the lifting of the suspension is premature and sends the wrong message. We have yet to see concrete evidence that the culture of hazing has been eradicated from the band." Their sentiments are shared by many who feel that the university's response to the hazing incident was not adequate, and that more needs to be done to prevent such incidents from occurring in the future. Some have even called for a permanent ban on the Marching 100 band, arguing that the culture that allowed hazing to flourish has not been completely eliminated. Despite the criticisms, the university maintains that it has made significant progress in eliminating hazing practices and fostering a safer environment for students. The decision to lift the suspension was made after a comprehensive review of the band's policies and actions, and it is being seen as a positive step towards restoring the reputation of the Marching 100. In conclusion, the decision to lift the suspension of Florida A&M University's famed Marching 100 band has sparked controversy and criticism from the family of the late Robert Champion, who died due to hazing practices. While the university has made positive steps towards eliminating hazing, some believe that more needs to be done to ensure the safety of the students. The lifting of the suspension may be seen as a positive step towards restoring the band's reputation, but the issue of hazing remains a cause for concern.