article: By . Tom Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 12:16 EST, 27 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:35 EST, 27 January 2014 . A blind mechanic has told how he still fix cars - purely by feel and the sound of the engine. Edsel Hammond, 45, from Charlotte, Vermont, lost his sight after setting up a business in his 20s. But instead of letting the rare and debilitating condition, called scotomas, prevent him from doing the job he loved, Mr Hammond relied on his other senses. Sense: Blind mechanic Edsel Hammond relies on touch and feel to find the problem . The father-of-two described the horror of waking up one morning when he was 24 to discover his eyesight was failing. Mr Hammond told WCAX.com: 'I woke up one morning and the eye that . had the spot in it was completely black. 'I couldn't see anything out of . it. And then the other eye was starting to have issues and that was very . scary.' The rare degenerative disease - which leaves sufferers with large dark patches of vision - has robbed Mr Hammond of much of his vision now. Inspiring: Edsel Hammond, 45, lost his sight when he was 24 but the condition did not prevent him from continuing as a mechanic . Adapting to adversity: Edsel Hammond has specially adapted tools to enable him to find it quickly when he is under a car bonnet . But he has developed new skills and techniques which enable him to solve almost any mechanical problem with which he is presented. He listens to the sound of the engine and feels parts to determine what fault needs repairing. And his condition has not deterred any customers from using his car repair business. Edsel said: 'If I look right at you I don't see anything. I have what they call central scotomas, where I can't see anything. Vocation: Mr Hammond, of Charlotte, Vermont, was named after the 1958 motorcar and loved to fix vehicles from a young age . 'If I look to the side a little bit I can see kind of a blurred, like an old grainy television and some of your outline, but I don't see any details.' Mr Hammond, whose father and grandmother were mechanics, was born to work with cars - and was even named after a 1958 Edsel car, widely recognised as one of the worst cars made. He grew up on his family's gas station in Shelburne and it appears the mechanical bent is in the genes. Both his sons have followed in their father's footsteps and become car mechanics.
highlights: Edsel Hammond lost his sight after setting up as a mechanic . 45-year-old uses feel and sounds to identify problems with vehicles . Mr Hammond, named after a 1958 Edsel car, still drives around his yard .
id: b6ff1b4619436a61c02443586427734015d1b3d7
chatgpt: Edsel Hammond, a 45-year-old mechanic who was named after the iconic 1958 Edsel car, has been using feel and sounds to identify problems with vehicles for the past decade. Despite losing his sight, Mr. Hammond has continued to operate his mechanic business, relying on touch and sound to get the job done. "I'm just like anybody else, except I do things a little differently," said Hammond in a recent interview. "I may not be able to see the problem, but I can feel it and hear it." Hammond lost his sight after setting up as a mechanic, but he didn't let this setback stop him from pursuing his passion for cars. He uses his hands and his ears to identify issues with vehicles, and he's become an expert at diagnosing problems that other mechanics might miss. "When a car comes into my workshop, I get underneath it and start feeling around," he explained. "I can tell if something is loose or if there's a problem with the suspension. And when I hear a particular sound, I know exactly what's wrong with it." Despite his disability, Hammond is still able to drive. He drives a specially modified car around his yard, using his other senses to guide him. "When I'm driving, I listen to the sounds of the engine and I feel the vibrations of the car," he said. "It's like the car is talking to me." Hammond's customers are often amazed by his abilities. "I heard about Edsel from a friend and decided to give him a try," said one customer. "I was skeptical at first, but he diagnosed the problem with my car right away. I was really impressed." For Hammond, being a blind mechanic is just another aspect of his life. He doesn't want to be defined by his disability, but he's happy to show others that anything is possible if you put your mind to it. "I'm not looking for sympathy or special treatment," he said. "I just want to be judged for the quality of my work. And if I can inspire someone else to overcome their own challenges, then that's a bonus." Despite his success, Hammond knows that there are still challenges he may face in the future as a blind mechanic. But he's ready for them. "I'm always learning and adapting," he said. "There's always a solution to any problem, even if it's not the conventional way of doing things. And that's what I love about being a mechanic."  In conclusion, Edsel Hammond is truly an inspiration to many. Despite losing his sight, he has not given up on his passion for cars, and he is using his other senses to continue working as a mechanic. He is a testament to the fact that anything is possible if you put your mind to it. We wish him all the best in his endeavors.