article: By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 06:36 EST, 15 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:36 EST, 15 March 2013 . Tesco shoppers will soon be able to . pick up a stylish cup-boosting bra along with their groceries as Ultimo's . Michelle Mone unveils another exclusive range with the supermarket giant. The glamorous multi-millionaire Ultimo founder has partnered with Tesco for the second time on the exclusive Bra Queen Lingerie range. After a successful first offering in 2011, Michelle has stuck to Tesco's 'every little helps' motto by pricing her lingerie from just £6 - a fraction of the cost of an . Ultimo bra which usually retails for around £30. She's back! Ultimo founder Michelle Mone is back with a second offering of lingerie for Tesco . Bra Queen promises to enable customers to 'buy into Michelle Mone OBE's vast design expertise, offering luxe lingerie at affordable prices'. Michelle has taken inspiration from the glamorous, boudoir style lingerie of the past, and given her designs a soft, feminine edge with plenty of pretty pinks and cool aquas. All shapes and sizes: Millionaire Michelle has designed the range with women of all shapes and sizes in mind, the briefs go up to a size 18 and bras to a cup size G . Every little helps: The stylish bras start at £12, a fraction of the cost of Ultimo's usual offerings, which start at £35 . And while many shoppers have preconceptions about the quality of Tesco's purse-friendly garments, Michelle has set about putting a heavy emphasis on quality by using plenty of satins, laces and embroideries to exude an element of luxury. The range, which starts at £6 for briefs and £12 for bras, is 35 items strong and offers both non-padded as well as padded bra styles. Michelle has designed the range with . all women in mind and promises that the new collection has been cut to . flatter an array of body shapes, offering bras in cup size B to G and a . choice of co-ordinating briefs and thongs in sizes 8-18. Michelle Mone OBE said: 'I'm so excited about Bra Queen and it's going from strength to strength. Quality: Michelle didn't want to compromise on quality even though the bras are much cheaper than her usual designs . Boudoir: Michelle took inspiration from luxuries of the past and the lingerie has quite a vintage feel to it with champagne and black tones . 'This new collection took over a year to develop as we had a target from Tesco on design and price. 'Price points were previously £16 or more and now all bras are £12 when they should be £35. 'We achieve this because of volumes of fabric etc. I'm delighted my customers will be getting incredible value, every little helps.' The new Bra Queen collection is available exclusively at selected Tesco stores and online. Proud: Entrepreneur Michelle is extremely proud of the range and hopes to see it sell as well as her previous collection for the store .
highlights: Ultimo founder launches second collection for supermarket giant . Briefs start at £6 and bras at £12 . Sizes available 8-18 and cup sizes B-G .
id: 5c6eddb05e49199f5474ff76ddf4bb6df8be2f49
chatgpt: The founder of Ultimo, Michelle Mone, has launched a new collection for a popular supermarket giant. The collection offers a range of sizes starting from 8 to 18 and cup sizes ranging from B to G. The collection boasts of a wide range of lingerie for women of all ages and sizes. The new collection includes briefs starting at just £6 and bras starting at only £12, making it an affordable option for women who are looking for quality lingerie at an affordable price. Michelle Mone, who is well-known for her lingerie expertise, has designed the collection with the modern woman in mind. Speaking about the collection, she said, "I am delighted to be launching my new collection with this popular supermarket giant. My aim has always been to provide women with high-quality lingerie that fits them perfectly and makes them feel confident and beautiful." The collection is made from soft and comfortable fabrics that are designed to provide women with a perfect fit. The bras are designed with underwires and padded cups to provide women with the support they need, while the briefs are designed to provide a comfortable and flattering fit. The new collection is available in a variety of colors and styles, including delicate lace and bold prints. The collection is perfect for everyday wear, as well as special occasions. The attention to detail and quality of the lingerie is evident in every piece. Women who purchase items from the new collection will be able to enjoy lingerie that not only looks and feels great, but also provides the support and comfort they need. The fact that the prices are so affordable makes it an excellent option for women who are looking for affordable yet high-quality lingerie. The new collection is already receiving rave reviews from women who have purchased items from the range. One satisfied customer said, "I love the lingerie from Michelle Mone's new collection. The designs are so pretty and the quality is amazing. I can't believe how affordable it is too!" Overall, the new collection from Ultimo's founder, Michelle Mone, is a testament to her expertise in designing lingerie that women of all sizes and ages can feel comfortable and confident in. With prices starting at just £6, the collection is a great option for women on a budget who don't want to compromise on quality or style.