article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 9:39 PM on 12th October 2011 . A 55-year-old Canadian man died after a violent struggle with a male deer that attacked and killed him with its antlers and hooves, police said. Donald Dube was killed on Sunday evening as he tried to feed his herd of domesticated deer near his home in Saint-Leonard, New Brunswick. The attack was so violent that the father-of-three had piercings to his skin and was missing a boot and sock when found, investigators said. Tragedy: Donald Dube was killed on Sunday evening as he tried to feed a herd of domesticated deer by his home in Saint-Leonard, New Brunswick . A buck may have pinned Mr Dube to the . ground and put its weight on him. It is believed one turned on him . while he was feeding them. His wife, Mona Dube, raised the alarm after he did not return home after going out to feed the animals, reported the Canadian Press. Police later found his body in a pen near the home. Police Sergeant Marc Violette said bucks try to mate with does around this time of year. ‘The animal probably stomped on him and used his antlers to rough him up and throw him around like a rag doll,’ he told the Canadian Press. Buck: The attack was so violent that the father-of-three had piercings to his skin and was missing a boot and sock when found, investigators said (file picture) ‘Adult male deer this time of year . have significant antlers and in the wild they are very adept at using . them to fend off predators.’ Mr Dube’s home is located on the Route 17 road between Saint Leonard and Saint Quentin, near the border with the U.S. He kept deer on his property as a hobby, . reported the Telegraph-Journal. Sgt Violette said he had never seen . such an incident in 25 years of work. Residence: This picture on Mona Dube's Facebook page labelled 'my home' is believed to be their house in Saint Leonard, near the border with the U.S. The Dube family and department of natural . resources biologists will decide what happens to the deer, reported the . Telegraph-Journal. 'The animal probably stomped on him and used his antlers to rough him up and throw him around like a rag doll' Royal Canadian Mounted Police Sergeant Marc Violette . Around 100 of Mrs Dube’s friends have already taken to her Facebook wall to post messages of condolence at her loss. 'My deepest sympathies,' wrote Tammy Boutot Rossignol. 'Donald will be missed by all, he was a great man with a big heart.' Sonia St-amand posted: 'Your husband was a great man who always made everyone around him laugh - he will be missed dearly.'
highlights: Donald Dube, 55, killed in New Brunswick, Canada . Trying to feed his domesticated deer behind home . Male deer reportedly turned on Dube and killed him .
id: beaa214c01cc0a89984cdb7ef4e4317a80000d02
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the community of New Brunswick, Canada, as a man was killed by a male deer he was trying to feed behind his home. The victim was identified as 55-year-old Donald Dube, who was known for keeping a domesticated deer as a pet.  According to witnesses, Dube was in the process of feeding the deer when it suddenly turned on him, causing fatal injuries. It is believed that the deer became aggressive and attacked the man. Emergency services were called but were unable to save the victim. The incident sent shockwaves throughout the community, as many expressed their condolences to the family and friends of Dube. He was known as a kind and gentle man who loved spending time with his family and his pet deer. Keeping wild animals as pets can come with a number of risks, as they can become unpredictable and dangerous. While some people may view such behavior as harmless, incidents like this serve as a stark reminder of the potential dangers of interfering with wild animals. The Canadian Wildlife Federation warns against keeping wild animals as pets, pointing out that it can lead to both the animal's distress and danger to humans. Wild animals are not meant to be domesticated or confined, and their behavior can be unpredictable, even if raised from an early age. The tragedy has sparked a debate amongst the community, with many calling for better education about the dangers of keeping wild animals as pets. It is important for people to understand that wild animals should be left in their natural habitats and not be domesticated. In response to the incident, the New Brunswick Department of Natural Resources has issued a statement urging residents to be cautious around wild animals and follow proper safety precautions. They have also reminded the public that it is illegal to keep any wild animals as pets. The incident is a tragic reminder of the dangers posed by wild animals, and a call for better education and awareness about keeping wild animals as pets. The loss of Donald Dube has left the community in mourning, and his family and friends are left to grieve their loss.