article: (CNN) -- Ted Haggard, the former megachurch pastor and former National Association of Evangelicals chief whose career was undone by a sex and drugs scandal in 2006, will appear in a cable TV special this month. "Ted Haggard: Scandalous" will explore his fall from grace, he said. "It shows the drama and the intrigue" that exploded following revelations that he had engaged in sexual encounters with a male prostitute and purchased crystal meth. Haggard described the scandal as "highly embarrassing and shameful for me." The show is scheduled to air on TLC on January 16. In 2006, Haggard acknowledged having received a massage from a Denver, Colorado, man who said that the prominent pastor had paid him for sex over three years. Haggard also admitted he had bought methamphetamine but said he threw it away. Those statements led the Board of Overseers at New Life Church to fire Haggard as senior pastor. The church's independent investigative board said he was guilty of "sexually immoral conduct." After the allegations were made public, Haggard resigned as president of the influential National Association of Evangelicals, an umbrella group representing more than 45,000 churches with 30 million members. But the special goes further than the scandal, he said, documenting Haggard's attempt to build a new ministry in Colorado Springs, Colorado. "It's the resurrection story," he said. He likened his journey to NFL quarterback Michael Vick and former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer, co-host of CNN's "Parker Spitzer," both of whom endured scandal but have recently returned to the public eye. Haggard's St. James Church in Colorado Springs, Colorado, has 300 congregants, he said, a far cry from the thousands who heard him preach in his heyday at crosstown New Life Church. The church, which is not affiliated with any denomination, opened its doors in June. "All are welcome. Whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, gay, straight, bi-(sexual), tall, short, addict, recovering addict. ... I believe Jesus' arms are open to all," Haggard said at the time. This is not the first post-scandal TV show Haggard has appeared in. The 2009 HBO documentary, "The Trials of Ted Haggard" revealed the financial hardships his family was facing after his ouster from New Life Church. Haggard said he's still struggling financially. "We're still living on the equity of our home," he said.
highlights: Haggard said he got a massage from a man who said the pastor had paid him for sex . He said he purchased crystal meth, but threw it away . Haggard was once pastor of the New Life Church megachurch in Colorado Springs, Colorado . TLC special on him will air on January 16 .
id: 31df527794629849d47bef5993f571564a54eac4
chatgpt: Former pastor of the New Life Church megachurch in Colorado Springs, Colorado, Ted Haggard, has recently made some shocking revelations in a TLC special set to air on January 16. In the special, Haggard admits that he got a massage from a man who claimed Haggard had paid him for sex.  Haggard, who is married with five children, had previously been accused of having a three-year sexual relationship with a male prostitute in 2006, which led to his resignation as pastor of the New Life Church. At the time, Haggard denied the allegations, but later admitted to "sexual immorality" and entered counseling. In the upcoming TLC special, Haggard also admits to purchasing crystal meth, but says he threw it away and never used it. Haggard has been open about his struggles with drug addiction in the past, and has said that he believes his addiction was a result of childhood sexual abuse. Despite his past scandals, Haggard remains a controversial figure in the religious community. Some have criticized his admission of sexual misconduct and drug use, while others have praised his openness and honesty. In a statement to the press, Haggard apologized for his past behavior and said that he hopes his story can serve as a warning to others struggling with addiction and sexual temptation. "I am not perfect, and I have made a lot of mistakes in my life," he said. "But I believe that God has forgiven me, and I hope that others can learn from my struggles and find healing and forgiveness for themselves." The TLC special, titled "Ted Haggard: Scandalous," will feature interviews with Haggard and his wife, as well as others who have known him throughout his career. It has already generated controversy among some religious groups, who believe that Haggard should not be given a platform to share his story. Despite the backlash, Haggard remains committed to sharing his message of redemption and hope. "I know that I have a lot of work to do to rebuild the trust that I have lost," he said. "But I am willing to do whatever it takes to make things right and to help others who may be struggling like I was."