article: (CNN) -- Serena Williams has been beaten in her comeback event in Eastbourne, losing a tight three-set second round match to top seed Vera Zvonareva on Wednesday. American Williams has not played in a competitive tournament since defeating Zvonareva in the Wimbledon final a year ago. However, the Russian claimed some revenge for that loss, recovering from dropping the opening set to secure a 3-6 7-6 7-5 triumph after three hours of intense tennis. Murray unlikely to win Wimbledon despite recent success . Zvonareva, who has been seeded second for Wimbledon next week, paid tribute to Wiliams after the match, telling the official WTA Tour website: "Serena has done an unbelievable job coming back after almost a year of not playing. "She spent more than three hours on the court playing some unbelievable tennis. She's a great champion and I have a lot of respect for her." Williams was appearing in Eastbourne for the first time after two operations on a foot she cut on broken glass in a restaurant, followed by further surgery in February to remove blood clots from her lungs. Meanwhile, older sister Venus kept the Williams flag flying high on England's south coast, reaching the quarterfinals with a comfortable straight sets win over Ana Ivanovic. Venus, who has been out of action for five months with an abdominal injury, went through 6-3 6-2 and told the WTA Tour website: "I was happy to have some clean service games and not a lot of errors. "I feel I'm playing well on the big points -- these matches have been crucial for me to get back, literally, into the swing of things." In other matches, third seed Victoria Azarenka beat the final British player, Elena Baltacha, 6-1 7-6, while Czech fifth seed Petra Kvitova saw off defending champion Ekaterina Makarova 7-6 7-6. In the men's draw, Bulgarian Gregor Dimitrov upset South African sixth seed Kevin Anderson 6-3 6-2, while third seed Janko Tipsarevic beat British number two Jamie Ward -- who reached the semifinals at Queen's Club last week -- 6-3 4-6 6-2. Top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, from France, who was betean in the final at Queen's by Andy Murray, lost 6-2 6-3 to Czech Radek Stepanek. Meanwhile, American Sam Querrey, who won at Queen's in 2010, has been forced to withdraw from Wimbledon due to an arm injury.
highlights: Serena Williams beaten by Vera Zvonareva in the second round at Eastbourne . Williams loses three-hour match, a repeat of last year's Wimbledon final . Venus Williams reaches quarterfinals with straight sets win over Ana Ivanovic . Top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beaten by Czech Radek Stepanek .
id: d09d1cb16638568054a1fb2c7e47f2f51e91ead3
chatgpt: In a shock second-round defeat at Eastbourne, Serena Williams has been knocked out of the tournament by Vera Zvonareva. The match was a repeat of last year's Wimbledon final, which Williams won, but this time around, Zvonareva emerged victorious. Williams battled hard, but the Russian held on for a 6-3, 2-6, 7-6(5) victory in a match that lasted over three hours.  Despite the loss, Williams gave credit to her opponent, saying "She played really well. I couldn't quite find my rhythm today, but that's just how it goes sometimes." Williams had been hoping to use this tournament as preparation for Wimbledon, which she has won seven times, but will now have to regroup before the Grand Slam event begins next week.  Her sister Venus, on the other hand, had better luck in her second-round match, cruising to a straight-sets victory over Ana Ivanovic 6-3, 6-2. The elder Williams sister has had an up-and-down year so far, struggling with injuries and inconsistency, but appears to be finding her form just in time for Wimbledon. She will now face Czech player Petra Kvitova in the quarterfinals.  In the men's draw, top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was also knocked out in the second round, this time by Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic. Stepanek, a former top-ten player, won in straight sets 7-6(4), 6-4 to advance to the quarterfinals. Tsonga was coming off a strong performance at the French Open, where he reached the semifinals, but couldn't find his rhythm on the grass courts at Eastbourne.  Other notable results from the day included a straight-sets victory for defending champion Karolina Pliskova, who defeated Camila Giorgi 6-4, 6-2 to advance to the quarterfinals. In the men's draw, second seed Gael Monfils also advanced, defeating fellow Frenchman Adrian Mannarino 6-4, 6-2 in their second-round match.  The tournament at Eastbourne is seen as a crucial warm-up event for Wimbledon, which begins on July 1st. Many of the world's top players use the event to fine-tune their games on grass, and to get a feel for the conditions before heading to the All England Club. With several top players already knocked out of the tournament, the path to the title is opening up for some of the lower-ranked players, who will be hoping to use this week as a springboard to success at Wimbledon.