article: London (CNN) -- A previously unseen portrait of the teenage education activist Malala Yousafzai goes on show Wednesday in a new display of work by Jonathan Yeo opening at the National Portrait Gallery in London. Yeo says the portrait, measuring just less than a meter in height, is larger than life-size and shows the young campaigner, now 16 years old, doing her homework. Malala at U.N.: Taliban failed to silence us . The schoolgirl became the focus of global attention after she was shot in the head by Taliban gunmen last year. Malala was 15 when gunmen jumped onto her school bus and shouted her name, scaring other girls into identifying her, in the attack in Pakistan's Swat Valley. The Taliban's actions sparked massive protests in Pakistan and condemnation worldwide. Since recovering from brain surgery in Britain, Malala has continued her high-profile efforts to improve access to education for everyone. She celebrated her 16th birthday at the United Nations in New York, where she delivered an emotional plea for all children to have the right to go to school. Yeo first met Malala and her family in April 2013, when she had just started school in England and was still recovering from her life-threatening injuries, the gallery said in a news release. Gordon Brown: How Malala forced terrorists onto defensive . "It was a great privilege to spend some time with Malala and her family at such a pivotal moment in her life," said Yeo, who has donated the work to the Malala Fund, which was set up to help girls go to school. "Given how much she has already been through and all that she represents to the world, it took a while to adjust to the fact that she is still a very fragile teenager. Hopefully the painting reflects the slight paradox of representing someone with enormous power and wisdom yet vulnerability and youth at the same time." From Taliban to Malala: Why we shot you . He said it was an honor to support her charitable fund and to portray "one of the most inspiring figures of our age." Malala said she was honored that the National Portrait Gallery wanted to show her picture. "I think that he has really captured me in the image," she said of Yeo's work. "It is wonderful to know that many children will ultimately be able to benefit from the money raised from its sale." Other portraits by Yeo in the show include former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and actor Kevin Spacey, depicted in Shakespeare's "Richard III."
highlights: A painting of the teenager is being shown at the National Portrait Gallery in London . Artist Jonathan Yeo calls her "one of the most inspiring figures of our age" He has donated the work to the Malala Fund, which was set up to help girls go to school . "I think that he has really captured me in the image," Malala says of the portrait .
id: 40c6ac6638bb5386ae449ab45744b2d4d4373445
chatgpt: Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate who survived a Taliban attack for her advocacy of girls' education in Pakistan, is once again in the spotlight with a painting of her being displayed at the National Portrait Gallery in London. The painting, created by the renowned artist Jonathan Yeo, shows Malala with a contemplative expression and a hint of a smile.  Yeo has called Malala "one of the most inspiring figures of our age," and his painting has already garnered a lot of attention from visitors to the gallery. The portrait is part of Yeo's exhibit, titled “Jonathan Yeo Portraits,” which features a range of works by the artist, including famous figures like Kevin Spacey, Grayson Perry, and Sienna Miller. However, the Malala portrait has a special significance, as Yeo has donated it to the Malala Fund, an organization set up by Malala and her family to provide access to education for girls around the world. The portrait will be auctioned off later this year to raise money for the fund. Malala herself is pleased with the painting, telling the BBC that Yeo has "really captured me in the image." She believes that the portrait portrays her determination and resilience in the face of adversity, qualities that have inspired people all over the world. "I hope that people who see this painting will be inspired to join me in my work to promote the education of girls," Malala said. "Education is the key to a better future, not just for individuals but for entire communities and societies." Malala's campaign for girls' education has brought her international recognition, and she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2014. Despite facing death threats from the Taliban, she has continued to speak out on behalf of the millions of girls around the world who are denied access to education.  The Malala Fund, which was set up after Malala was shot by the Taliban on her way to school in 2012, has already helped millions of girls get an education. The fund supports local organizations that provide schooling, mentorship, and skills training for girls in developing countries.  The National Portrait Gallery exhibit is a testament to Yeo's skill as an artist, as well as to Malala's powerful impact on the world. The painting captures the spirit of a young woman who has faced enormous challenges with courage and determination, and who continues to inspire others to strive for a better future. Yeo has described Malala as "an eloquent and powerful voice for girls' education," and his portrait is a fitting tribute to her work. By donating the painting to the Malala Fund, he has helped to ensure that Malala's message will continue to be heard and that girls around the world will have the chance to access the education they deserve.