article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:07 EST, 21 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:26 EST, 21 February 2013 . A prison guard in New York has been charged with having sex with an inmate, making it the second time in the past month that a female guard was arrested for having inappropriate relations with a prisoner. Tyshinia Love Brewster was arrested on Wednesday for having sex with an unnamed inmate, and she is now allegedly six months pregnant with the inmate's child. The 39-year-old guard was reportedly in a sexual relationship with an inmate at Downstate Correctional Facility in Fishkill, New York, where she had worked for the past seven and a half years. Charged with rape: Tyshinia Love Brewster, 39, now faces a rape and inappropriate conduct charge after allegedly having a sexual relationship with an inmate . Officials did not release any information about the inmate in question, but it does appear that their relationship was more than a one-time occurrence. The couple would allegedly meet in his cell block during her shifts. Brewster is now being charged with rape and official misconduct, while the prisoner has been transferred to another prison. The latest case comes just two weeks after another female prison guard had sex with and became pregnant by an inmate. Repercussions: Brewster is now allegedly six months pregnant with the inmate's child . In the case of Nancy Gonzalez, the 29-year-old prison guard at Metropolitan Detention Center who had sex with Ronell Wilson, a notorious cop killer. Gonzalez said that she had the multi-month affair with the prisoner allegedly in an effort to keep him from being executed. Wilson was a young gang member when he was convicted in the point-blank shootings of two undercover officers in an illegal gun sting gone awry. Illegal liaison: Federal prison guard Nancy Gonzalez, left, was arrested after police say she had an illicit affair with convicted cop killer Ronell Wilson, right, and became pregnant with his baby to save him from execution . Explanation: Gonzalez allegedly said in a recorded phone conversation that she was 'vulnerable' when she decided to start a relationship with Wilson in a bid to give him some 'hope' ‘I took a chance because I was so . vulnerable and wanted to be loved and now I am carrying his child,’ Gonzalez said, according to court papers. Wilson . was sentenced to death in the killing of officers Rodney Andrews and . James Nemorin, but the sentence was thrown out in 2010 by an appeals . court. On Tuesday, Gonzales, . who is eight months pregnant, was taken into custody at her Long Island . home. She could face 15 years in prison if convicted.
highlights: Tyshinia Love Brewster, 41, arrested for having sex with inmate . She is now six months pregnant with his child . Comes two weeks after prison guard Nancy Gonzalez was accused of having an affair with a cop-killing inmate . Gonzalez is now eight months pregnant with that inmate's baby . Both cases occurred in New York but in different prisons .
id: 4c61ce598078b8ccb2dda5e97051238ff4f60cc8
chatgpt: In yet another shocking revelation of illicit relationships between female prison staff and male inmates, Tyshinia Love Brewster, 41, has been arrested for having sex with an inmate at a New York prison. The scandal has brought to light yet another case of misconduct by prison officials and sparked concerns about the security of inmates in the state's correctional facilities. Brewster, who worked as a kitchen supervisor at the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility, was taken into custody after authorities learned that she had been having sex with an inmate who was serving time for drug-related offenses. It has been reported that Brewster is now six months pregnant with the inmate's child. She has been charged with third-degree rape, as inmates are not considered able to legally consent to sexual activity with prison staff. This incident is the second high-profile case of its kind in New York in recent weeks, with the first involving a prison guard Nancy Gonzalez, who was accused of having sex with a cop-killing inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn. Gonzalez is now eight months pregnant with the inmate's child. The two cases have raised serious concerns about the safety and security of inmates in New York's correctional facilities. While authorities have assured the public that these cases are isolated incidents, many are calling for a thorough investigation into the practices and protocols in place to prevent such occurrences. In response to the incidents, the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision has launched a full-scale investigation into both cases, promising to take necessary disciplinary action against those staff members found to be violating the rules and regulations of the department. The department has also emphasized that it has a zero-tolerance policy for any misconduct by employees and is committed to ensuring the safety and security of all those within their care. In recent years, there has been a growing focus on preventing sexual misconduct in the prison system, with new laws and policies being implemented to prevent staff-inmate relationships. However, these recent cases illustrate that preventing this behavior may be easier said than done. It is essential that the department takes swift and effective action to address these incidents and prevent future occurrences from happening. As both Brewster and Gonzalez await their respective trials, the impact of their actions on the inmates and the state's correctional system will be felt for years to come. It remains to be seen how the state will address the issue of staff-inmate relationships and ensure that all those within their care receive the appropriate treatment and respect they deserve.