article: Rap artist Jay-Z's management agency, Roc Nation Sports, has added Georgia running back Todd Gurley to its client list. Gurley intends to become eligible for the 2015 NFL Draft early and has been lauded as a potential star in the making from college football. The deadline for underclassmen to do so is January 15. He joins Dallas Cowboys' Dez Bryant, NBA star Kevin Durant and Detroit Lions' Ndamukong Suh on the books at management company Roc Nation. Rihanna and Jay-Z pictured ringside in Madison Square Garden, New York, on January 9 . Jay-Z (centre) in attendance at his 'Roc Nation Sports Presents' night at Madison Square Garden . Jay Z shares a laugh with actor Jake Gyllenhaal (right) before his debut show as a boxing promoter . It comes after controversial boxer Adrien Broner  issued a grovelling apology to Jay-Z and singer Rihanna after he launched a scathing attack on the pair last week. Jay-Z, real name Shawn Corey Carter, offered Broner a contract worth $8million (£5.2million) a year for five years  but the fighter turned it down after being 'offended' by Roc Nation's deal. In a stunning statement on Facebook, Broner claimed that Jay-Z could 'suck his d***', before continuing his attack during an interview with TMZ Sports. When asked if he had considered accepting the offer to enable him to get 'one degree closer' to singer Rihanna - who is also signed to Jay-Z's label - Broner claimed: 'F*** Rihanna, she's only good for p***y.' But the boxer, who has a record of 29 wins to one loss, has since backtracked on his claims, apologising to both parties in a second interview with TMZ. 'I've gotta address something because I'm getting a lot of feedback from this interview I did with TMZ,' Broner said. 'I was going to let it ride out and say, "Forget the haters", but my big homie called me, somebody that I respect, and he made me understand why I was wrong.' Adrien Broner has apologised after his astonishing rant at Jay-Z and Rihanna after a contract offer . Broner was offered £5.2m a year for five years from Jay-Z's company Roc Nation Sports, but refused it .
highlights: Jay-Z's agency has snapped up Georgia running back Todd Gurley . It comes after Adrien Broner apologised to Jay-Z and Rihanna . Boxer Broner launched a foul-mouthed attack on the A-list pair . Broner was 'offended' by Roc Nation's offer of £5.2million a year .
id: b7a0cca345dd2a4b8564970ef4770ad65ffcb86d
chatgpt: Jay-Z has reportedly signed Todd Gurley, the Georgia running back, to his agency Roc Nation Sports. The signing comes as a welcome addition to Jay-Z's growing stable of sports stars. Gurley, who opted to skip his senior year at Georgia, is considered to be one of the top running backs in the upcoming NFL draft. This news comes on the heels of another Roc Nation story involving boxer Adrien Broner. After launching a series of profanity-laced attacks on Jay-Z and Rihanna, Broner has apologized for his behavior. He was reportedly "offended" by Roc Nation's offer of a $5.2million a year contract. The roc nation deal would have made Broner one of the highest-paid boxers in the world. Broner, who had previously been signed to Floyd Mayweather's The Money Team, had reportedly been close to signing with Roc Nation before the outburst. The controversy surrounding the incident prompted Roc Nation Sports to issue a statement in support of their client, saying “We unequivocally stand by our employee and his ability to pursue this opportunity.”  Despite the setbacks, Jay-Z's sports agency has had a successful run thus far, signing some of the biggest names in sports, including Kevin Durant, Robinson Cano, and Yoenis Cespedes. Roc Nation has also made a splash in the world of boxing, securing contracts for top-tier fighters such as Andre Ward and Miguel Cotto.  Roc Nation's reported contract offer to Broner was thought to be a reflection of the company's desire to expand into the boxing arena. Rumors have even circulated that Jay-Z himself may be interested in promoting fights - something he has yet to comment on.  Whatever the future holds for Roc Nation Sports, it is clear that Jay-Z's agency continues to make waves across the sports world. And with the addition of Todd Gurley to their roster, Roc Nation Sports looks set to continue its ascent in the world of sports management.