article: (CNN)A new poll brings good news for Mitt Romney and his allies at a time when the 2012 GOP nominee faces vocal skepticism from the right about a potential third bid for president. According to a new CBS News survey, however, nearly six in 10 Republicans (59%) say they'd like to see Romney run for the White House in 2016, compared to 26% who disagree. Romney confirmed Friday night in a speech at the Republican National Committee's winter meeting that he's seriously thinking about jumping back into the fray, hinting that his campaign would focus on making the world safer and lifting people out of poverty. But critics and some of his potential opponents have expressed concern about backing a twice-railed presidential candidate, especially in what many consider an already strong field. The poll indicates that Romney is in stronger demand, or at least has higher name recognition, than former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who's wanted to run by 50% of Republicans, while 27% don't want him to run. Less than a third -- 29% -- say they'd like to see New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie jump in, while 44% think he shouldn't run for president. Such underwater numbers come as Christie struggles to find relevance among the donor and business class against heavyweight competition like Romney and Bush. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky also has an underwater rating, with 27% of Republicans wanting him to run, compared to 34% who wouldn't liked to see a Paul for president campaign. Thirty-eight percent say they don't know enough to say. Forty percent of Republicans, meanwhile, would like to see former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, who ended his Fox News show earlier this month to more seriously consider a second presidential bid, to throw his hat into the ring, while 29% disagree. Slightly more than a quarter (26%) want Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida to run, while 21% say the same about Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. As for the remainder of the potential GOP field, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has interest at 21%, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is at 14%, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker gets 22%, renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson is at 21%, and former Sen. Rick Santorum comes in at 19%. The poll, which was conducted by telephone January 9-12, surveyed 1,001 adults nationwide, with a sampling error of plus or minus six percent for the questions directed only at Republicans.
highlights: A new poll indicates that 59% of Republicans wants Mitt Romney to run for president in 2016 . That's higher than the 50% who want Jeb Bush to jump into the race . Meanwhile, only 29% want Chris Christie to run, compared to 44% who disagree .
id: cc06fc1cc8e497d6bfb582b99fdc22a18a77272e
chatgpt: A recent poll conducted among Republican voters has revealed that a majority of them prefer Mitt Romney to run for the upcoming presidential elections in 2016. The survey indicated that 59% of Republican voters wanted the politician to throw his hat in the ring, a higher number than the 50% who believed Jeb Bush should jump into the race. The poll also highlighted that only 29% of supporters wanted Chris Christie to run for the position of the President, whereas 44% disagreed with the proposition. These numbers paint an intriguing picture of the Republican Party's grassroots sentiments, and show a lack of trust in some of the leading names in the party. Mitt Romney previously ran for president in the 2012 elections against Democratic candidate Barack Obama. Many Republican voters believe that based on his prior experience and performance during the elections, he can be the right man to win the upcoming elections. Jeb Bush, also a well-known political figure and a possible Republican candidate, has secured a 50% vote from supporters, indicating the continued trust many have in the Bush name. However, the smaller percentage of votes for him, compared to Romney, could indicate that while Bush may have some support, others believe it is time for a new face to represent the party. Chris Christie, another widely known figure in the Republican Party, has only 29% backing him to run for President, and 44% are opposed to the idea. These figures show that voters may not be as excited about him as they have been in previous years. With the 2020 elections just around the corner, many candidates are already starting to announce their plans to run for president. While the Republican Party has been relatively silent so far, it is expected that more names will come up in the next few months, filling up the ballots for primaries and caucuses. The poll conducted suggests that Romney has a strong chance to become a front runner in the primaries, but it is important to note that these polls do not always accurately predict the final outcome. With Bush and Christie also possible candidates, it is uncertain who will win the nomination and ultimately represent the Republican Party in the upcoming elections. The results of the poll serve as a guide for candidates to understand where they stand with potential voters and what changes are required to capture their attention. It also indicates the need for the right candidate who can unite all factions of the party and appeal to both the grassroots and the party elites.