article: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated with blood thinners on Monday at a New York hospital to help dissolve a blood clot in her head and doctors were confident she would make a full recovery. Clinton was admitted to New York Presbyterian Hospital on Sunday due to the clot that was discovered during a follow-up exam related to a concussion she suffered this month, her spokesman, Philippe Reines, said. The clot was located in the vein between the brain and and the skull behind Clinton's right ear and did not result in any stroke or neurological damage, her doctors said in a statement. Clinton was treated with blood thinners to help dissolve the clot and would be released once the medication dose had been established, they said. "In all other aspects of her recovery, the secretary is making excellent progress and we are confident she will make a full recovery. She is in good spirits, engaging with her doctors, her family, and her staff," Clinton's doctors said. Blood clots: 4 things you need to know . Clinton, 65, was suffering from a stomach virus earlier this month when she fainted because of dehydration, causing the concussion. Blood clots "are clumps that occur when blood hardens from a liquid to a solid," according to the National Institutes for Health. Clots can form inside veins or arteries or even the heart, the NIH says. "A blockage in the vein will usually cause fluid buildup and swelling," the NIH website says. Among the possible threats: Sometimes, a "clot can break loose and travel from one location in the body to another." Read more: Hillary Clinton fast facts . Clinton spent the holidays with her family last week after working from home. She was scheduled to return to work at the State Department this week after being sidelined for most of the past month. Her illness forced her to bow out of testifying on December 20 before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on the deadly September attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. Clinton, a one-time presidential candidate who is the source of constant speculation she might run again in 2016, plans to step down from the State Department once a replacement is confirmed by the Senate. President Barack Obama has nominated Sen. John Kerry to succeed her. Report blames poor security, inadequate response in Benghazi attack .
highlights: The clot was found in the vein between the brain and the skull behind her right ear . It did not result in a stroke or neurological damage, Clinton's doctors said . Clinton's doctors expect her to make a full recovery .
id: 0569b529449c1d208699182e24347fb0eeb250c8
chatgpt: Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been diagnosed with a blood clot in the vein behind her right ear. The clot was discovered during a routine MRI that Clinton had done as part of her follow-up care from a concussion she suffered earlier last month. Clinton's doctors say that the clot did not result in a stroke or any neurological damage, and they expect her to make a full recovery. The clot, known as a right transverse sinus venous thrombosis, is a relatively uncommon but serious condition. It can cause headaches, blurry vision, and, in severe cases, can lead to stroke or other neurological problems. Clinton's doctors say that they caught the clot early, which will make it easier to treat. Clinton is being treated with blood thinners, which will help to dissolve the clot and prevent it from getting bigger. She will remain on bed rest at New York-Presbyterian Hospital for the next few days, where her condition will be closely monitored. Clinton's health has been a topic of concern since she fainted and suffered a concussion on December 15th. She was forced to cancel a trip to the Middle East and North Africa because of her condition. Clinton's doctors say that she has been making steady progress since then and that the clot is not directly related to the concussion. News of Clinton's condition has sparked a flurry of well-wishes from political figures, including President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton. Obama called Clinton on Monday to wish her a speedy recovery, and Clinton's daughter, Chelsea, has been spotted visiting her mother in the hospital. Clinton's health is likely to be closely watched in the coming weeks as she prepares to step down as Secretary of State. Clinton has said that she plans to retire from public service and focus on her health and personal life. If Clinton makes a full recovery, she is likely to return to public life, albeit in a more limited capacity. She remains one of the most popular political figures in the country, with a loyal following among Democrats and independents. For now, all eyes are on Clinton and her health. Her doctors say that she is in good spirits and is expected to make a full recovery, but only time will tell how this latest health scare will affect her future plans.