article: By . Ian Ladyman . Follow @@Ian_Ladyman_DM . Louis van Gaal is interested in appointing Roy Keane as his assistant manager if he is given the job of replacing David Moyes as Manchester United manager. The Dutchman is among the favourites to take charge at Old Trafford this summer, with owners the Glazer family keen to get the club back on track after Moyes' disastrous 10 months at the helm. Club chiefs are interested in retaining at least one former player to help manage the first team next season, opening up the possibility of Keane returning after more than eight years away. VIDEO Scroll down for Louis Van Gaal: I want to manage in the Premier League . New man? Holland boss Louis van Gaal is tipped to replace David Moyes as Manchester United manager . In the frame: Van Gaal could appoint former United midfielder Roy Keane as his assistant at Old Trafford . The 42-year-old is currently assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland's senior team, working under boss Martin O'Neill. ‘I . don’t know anything about it, I really don’t,’ said O’Neill on a flying . visit to Dublin on Wednesday to open a football pitch in Rathfarnham. Keane's experience as a manager, most notably with Sunderland, is attractive to both United and Van Gaal as they plan for the future. The 62-year-old is understood to remember Keane's impressive performance against his country in 2001, a game which stopped Holland qualifying for the following year's World Cup. Down to business: Ryan Giggs arrives for Manchester United training at Carrington on Wednesday morning . Give us a wave: Wayne Rooney looks focused as he makes his arrival at Carrington on Wednesday . Keane is precisely the type of iron-willed personality needed to ‘sort out’ Manchester United’s problems, according to Hull City and Ireland midfielder David Meyler. The 24-year-old Republic of Ireland international, plucked from the Airtricity League by Keane six years ago, has no doubts about the ability of the Ireland assistant manager to revive United’s fortunes, if asked. ‘Do I think he’s good enough to do the [United] job? Yes, of course. He’d sort out a lot of stuff out there fairly lively,’ said Meyler. Prepared: Giggs, pictured carrying the balls away at Hull in December, took full training . Insecurity: Giggs was edged out of the David Moyes backroom staff as the season progressed . ‘For me, he’s probably the best Irish footballer ever. To try and learn so much off him would be great,’ he added. Ryan Giggs has been installed as the interim manager while senior club staff begin the process of searching for and naming a new manager following the departure of Moyes just 10 months into a six-year contract. The role for Giggs is purely temporary, with officials at the club not confident they can impress the midfielder upon any new manager's backroom staff. Nevertheless, Giggs has the full support of his mentor Sir Alex Ferguson and  see him as a United boss in the long-term.
highlights: Man United keen in retaining at least one former player to help manage the first team . Keane's experience as a manager is attractive to both United and Van Gaal . Keane is right personality to 'sort out' the club's . problems, according to Hull midfielder David Meyler . Ryan Giggs has been installed as the . interim manager while club search . for new manager .
id: 2d4c902d7e0c73fcc7463ead77a4eada26b0fc4f
chatgpt: Manchester United are reportedly interested in retaining at least one former player to help manage the first team. A particular player in question is Roy Keane, whose experience as a manager is said to be attractive to both the club and former manager Louis van Gaal. According to reports, Keane is the right personality to "sort out" the club's problems, as stated by Hull midfielder David Meyler. Given his successful track record as a player and manager, Keane would undoubtedly offer valuable insights and guidance to the team. This news comes as Ryan Giggs has been installed as the interim manager while the club searches for a new permanent manager. Although Giggs has been a long-standing member of the United coaching staff, some have questioned whether he has the requisite experience to handle the pressure and expectations of managing the storied club. On the other hand, Keane's pedigree as a player and manager is beyond question. His experience as both player and manager for Manchester United would be extremely valuable in the current climate, as the club is facing one of its most difficult periods in recent memory. Keane has been making waves in the world of football punditry in recent years, working as an analyst for major networks such as ITV and Sky. However, it is widely believed that he would jump at the opportunity to return to Old Trafford in a managerial capacity. The timing of Keane's potential appointment could not be better, as the club is in dire need of a strong leader who can help to turn around its fortunes. Despite the club's substantial financial resources, United has struggled in recent years to remain competitive with its chief rival, Manchester City. For Keane, the chance to return to United as a manager would be an opportunity to surpass even his illustrious playing career with the club. While he certainly faces a difficult task in turning around the fortunes of the team, Keane has consistently demonstrated an unwavering commitment to success and an ability to inspire his team to greatness. Some commentators have suggested that Keane could be better suited to taking on a role as a director of football, rather than as a manager. However, given the current state of the club, it is arguable that United needs a strong, authoritative manager who can make the tough decisions and deliver results on the pitch. Regardless of what role Keane ultimately plays at United, it is clear that his return to the club would be a significant boost to its prestige and credibility. As one of the most successful and respected players in the club's history, Keane would undoubtedly bring a wealth of knowledge and experience to the table. In the end, only time will tell whether Keane will return to United as a manager, a director of football or in some other capacity. However, one thing is certain - his vast and varied experience in the game would be a major asset to any team lucky enough to have him.