article: This is the moment police busted an illegal immigrant who'd risked life and limb trying to enter Spain by stowing away next to the propellers of a ferry. The desperate Algerian man, 48, had clambered on to the vessel in Tangiers, Morocco, on Saturday - clinging on for dear life for more than two hours as the boat crossed the Straits of Gibraltar. He had planned to jump into the water, as the ferry came close to shore, and then swim to land. Scroll down for video . Desperation: A simple slip would have led to the death of the Algerian man, who attempted to enter Spain by clinging onto a ferry right next to the deadly propellers . The desperate man would then evade a border check point and illegally enter the country by jumping over a 10ft fence. But National Police officers heard of his plot and were waiting for him as the ferry was about to dock in Tarifa. The man was arrested and taken to an immigration detention centre. It is not the first time a foreign national has stared death in the face trying to get into a country. The 48-year-old was going to jump into the sea close to the blades and swim to shore - an incredibly risky plan . Busted: Officers lead the man away. He was taken to an immigrant detention centre by Spanish National Police . In June 2010 a stowaway hid in the undercarriage of a jumbo jet and survived temperatures of -41c at 25,000ft during a free flight into Britain. The jobless Romanian crouched in the rear-wheel compartment during an extraordinary 800-mile trip from Vienna to London on a Boeing 747 owned by the Dubai royal family. Airport officals say the man could easily have been crushed by the plane's wheels or killed by a lack of oxygen and was 'incredibly lucky' to be alive. He was taken to Heathrow police station but because he was apparently of previous good character, he was given a police caution and released from custody at 2.47pm on Monday. The man was carrying ID and immigration officials were satisfied he was Romanian and entitled to stay. Records collated by the US Federal Aviation Administration suggest that at best one in four stowaways survives, but many others die or fall in transit. Survivors rarely escape unscathed and frostbite claims many limbs. In 2009 an illegal immigrant smuggled himself into Britain underneath a coach full of Border Agency officials. The immigration officers were not aware of the stowaway until they had completed their journey through the Channel Tunnel from France and had arrived at their depot in Folkestone.
highlights: The 48-year-old clung to rear of ferry right next to the churning blades . He aimed to swim to land and clamber over a fence to enter country . However, Spanish police knew about plot and were waiting on the shore .
id: f98cc83747e0e0b99db7e0e2c67c329e85dc43f5
chatgpt: In a daring and potentially deadly attempt to enter a new country, a 48-year-old man clung to the back of a ferry as it churned through the waters. His goal was to swim to land and evade authorities by hopping over a fence to officially enter his desired location. According to witnesses, the man was seen holding tightly to the back of the ferry, being dangerously close to the whirling blades. Many onlookers were concerned for his safety and were unsure why he was attempting such a risky maneuver. As it turns out, Spanish police were already aware of his plan and were waiting for him on the shoreline. The man had been caught attempting to enter the country illegally on previous occasions, and authorities were able to catch wind of his latest plan. The incident occurred on September 22, 2019, as the ferry made its way from Ceuta, a Spanish enclave in North Africa, to the city of Algeciras in Southern Spain. The man had hoped to make it past the authorities and become an official resident of the country. Despite the potential dangers to himself and others on the ferry, the man persisted with his plan. Witnesses reported that he silently detached himself from the back of the ferry and began to swim towards land. However, his attempt was thwarted by the waiting police officers who quickly apprehended him as he swam toward the shore. He was quickly taken into police custody and was charged with attempted illegal immigration. This incident highlights the lengths that people will go to in order to enter countries illegally, and the risks that they take to do so. As immigration policies continue to be a major global issue, desperate attempts to enter countries illegally are not uncommon. While it is understandable that people may be desperate for a chance at a better life, incidents like this one show the importance of following official procedures for immigration, and the dangers of attempting dangerous methods to do so. The man's dangerous attempt serves as a cautionary tale for others who may be considering similar methods to enter a new country. It is important for individuals to seek proper guidance and assistance when attempting to immigrate, rather than putting themselves at risk and potentially endangering others.