article: (CNN) -- Hassan Addahoumi fled Libya in the late 1970s, driven from his homeland by the hard-line tactics of Moammar Gadhafi. More than 30 years later, his son has returned and is watching what could be the longtime leader's collapse. "He's going to be part of the history," Addahoumi said about his son, Sammi, who is in the rebel hub of Benghazi. "This is our dream come true." Addahoumi spoke to CNN from his home in Columbia, South Carolina, where he said he was glued to news about Libya. The nearly 42-year rule of Gadhafi appeared on the verge of collapse early Monday, with rebel supporters making it to the same Tripoli square where regime loyalists had congregated for months. Addahoumi said he left his country after studying law in Benghazi. "The regime was very, very tough," he said. "If you stayed there, you had to be in either the prison or the cemetery." Over the years, Addahoumi said he has returned to Libya from time to time and that he wishes he could be there now. "I wish I could be part of this history," he said. A part of him is. Addahoumi's son, Sammi, sent CNN an iReport from Benghazi that showed video of large, boisterous crowds in the city's Freedom Square as developments played on a large screen. He also spoke to CNN by phone. "The spirits are quite high," said Sammi, 28, a deli manager. "Everyone is expecting Tripoli to fall." He said he has spent time off and on in Libya since 2005. Every summer, he tries to spend at least a month there, he said. Watching the uprising, which he called "42 years in the making," Sammi said he was filled with joy. "It's exhilarating," he said. "And it's also a lot of anticipation ... will Libya stay together?" An ocean away, his father voiced confidence. He said Libyans have the resources they need to build the country and that they will do it, piece by piece. "This is the best thing that could have happened to us," Addahoumi said. "Libya is going to be a new nation." CNN's Greg Botelho and Dana Ford contributed to this report .
highlights: Hassan Addahoumi watches news of his native Libya from South Carolina . His son, Sammi, is in the rebel hub of Benghazi . Sammi says the Libyan uprising has been "42 years in the making"
id: 15b180dfe14a3aeb67f2f687bac8d03e370c3a50
chatgpt: Hassan Addahoumi, a Libyan immigrant living in South Carolina, has been closely following news of the ongoing unrest in his native country. His son, Sammi, is currently in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi, where he says the Libyan uprising has been "42 years in the making." For decades, Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi ruled the country with an iron fist. But in early 2011, protests against his regime erupted across the country, eventually leading to a civil war. Today, the conflict remains unresolved, with competing governments vying for power and various militias controlling different parts of the country. For Hassan, watching the news of the conflict from afar is a constant source of worry. He says he is proud of his son for taking part in the revolution, but also fears for his safety. "I'm always checking the news to see what's happening over there," Hassan says. "I know Sammi is doing what he thinks is right, but it's hard not to worry about him." Meanwhile, Sammi says he is driven by a deep-seated desire for change in his country. "The Libyan uprising has been 42 years in the making," he says. "For too long, we have been ruled by a tyrant who has destroyed our country and our future. It's time for that to change." Despite the risks involved in taking on Gaddafi's regime, Sammi says he is determined to see the revolution through to its end. "We know the risks, but we also know that what we are fighting for is worth it," he says. "We want a Libya that is free and democratic, where people can live in peace and prosperity." For Hassan and other Libyans living abroad, the conflict is a constant reminder of the challenges facing their country. "We are all praying for a peaceful resolution to the conflict," Hassan says. "But we also know that the road ahead will be difficult. We can only hope that the people of Libya will continue to fight for a better future."