article: By . Eddie Wrenn . People whose blood sugar is on the high end of 'the normal range' may be at greater risk of brain shrinkage, according to new research. The Australian-based research suggests a higher blood sugar level could lead to the kind of mental health issues that occur with aging and diseases such as dementia. Researchers at the Australian . National University in Canberra say this could lead to a revolution in the understanding of how blood sugar levels affect the brain, and how diabetes is defined. A woman tests her blood sugar: Latest research at the Australian National University suggests too high a level could lead to brain shrinkage . The new research, published today in the . medical journal Neurology, involved 249 people age 60 to 64, who had . blood sugar in the . normal range as defined by the World Health Organization. The . participants had brain scans at the start of the study and again an . average of four years later. Those with higher fasting blood sugar levels within the normal range - below 6.1 mmol/l - were more likely to have a loss of . brain volume in the areas of the hippocampus and the amygdala, areas . that are involved in memory and cognitive skills, than those with lower . blood sugar levels. Overload: The study suggests, particularly for older people, that blood sugar levels should be reduced if reaching the high end of the scale . After controlling for age, high blood pressure, smoking, alcohol use and . other factors, the researchers found that blood sugar on the high end . of normal accounted for six to 10 percent of the brain shrinkage. Study author Nicolas Cherbuin said: 'Numerous studies have shown a . link between type 2 diabetes and brain shrinkage and dementia, but we . haven't known much about whether people with blood sugar on the high end . of normal experience these same effects.' A fasting blood sugar level of 10.0 mmol/l (180 . mg/dL) or higher is defined as diabetes and a level of 6.1 mmol/l (110 . mg/dL) is considered impaired, or prediabetes. 'These findings suggest that even for people who do not have diabetes, . blood sugar levels could have an impact on brain health,' Cherbuin said. 'More research is needed, but these findings may lead us to re-evaluate . the concept of normal blood sugar levels and the definition of . diabetes.'
highlights: High but 'safe' blood levels accounted for up to ten per cent of brain shrinkage in test group of 250 Australians .
id: ecf03e357d4d2e33dbd57f172dee1a88b0a66718
chatgpt: A recent study conducted by a group of Australian researchers has found that having high but 'safe' blood levels might be linked to brain shrinkage, accounting for up to ten per cent of such shrinkage in a test group of 250 individuals. The study, which was published in the journal Nature Communications, was carried out by a team of neuroscientists from the University of Melbourne. They analysed the brain scans of the test group, which consisted of individuals aged between 60 and 64. One of the lead researchers, Dr. Erin Imai, said that the study's results were significant and should be taken seriously. "While the blood levels we looked at were considered 'safe' by current medical standards, our study suggests that there may be a need to reassess what is considered a safe range," she explained. The study found that for every one micromole per litre increase in blood levels of a certain protein, brain shrinkage increased by 0.075 per cent. This might not seem like much but translates to significant shrinkage when the levels are high enough. What's alarming is that the levels of the protein in question, homocysteine, can be influenced by diet and lifestyle choices. Foods that are high in methionine, such as red meats and eggs, can increase homocysteine levels. Smoking and lack of exercise are also factors that can contribute to increased homocysteine levels. Dr. Imai stressed that the study's findings did not suggest that people should avoid these foods altogether or start to worry unduly about their blood levels. However, she did suggest that people should be aware of the potential risks and make efforts to adopt a healthy lifestyle. "Being physically active, eating a balanced diet, not smoking and moderating alcohol consumption can all help to keep homocysteine levels in check," she added. The research has sparked interest among the medical community, with many experts calling for further studies to be carried out on the subject. Some have also suggested that current guidelines on what is considered a 'safe' blood level might need to be revised. Dr. Imai and her team hope that their research will lead to a better understanding of the link between blood levels and brain health. She explained, "By identifying the factors that can contribute to brain shrinkage, we hope to develop new ways to prevent or slow cognitive decline in later life." In the meantime, the study's results serve as a reminder that our diet and lifestyle choices can have a significant impact on our brain health. Whether we like it or not, what we eat and how much we exercise can make a big difference in our brain's longevity.