article: (CNN) -- A bareheaded motorcyclist participating in a ride to protest mandatory helmet laws was killed when he was thrown over the handlebars in Onondaga, New York. Philip A. Contos, 55, of Parish, New York, was on a ride organized by the Onondaga chapter of American Bikers Aimed Towards Education (ABATE), state police said Sunday. Contos hit his brakes, began fishtailing and lost control of his 1983 Harley Davidson. He shot over the handlebars, hit his head on the pavement and was taken to Upstate University Hospital in Syracuse, New York, where he was pronounced dead. State police say evidence at the scene plus information from the attending medical expert indicated Contos would have survived had he been wearing a helmet as required by state law. Asked about the apparent irony of Contos' death, the statewide president of ABATE, Thomas Alton, said, "We are riding at an increased risk and accept that. ... This individual was a seasoned rider, not a newbie. He made an adult decision. A full decision to ride in the manner he rode in." Another New Yorker who has been a motorcyclist for over 50 years, Joseph Costantini, said, "I would never ride without a helmet -- even in a state that says you don't have to. I understand where the protesters are coming from because ultimately it's a matter of choice. For me, I would wear a helmet no matter what. ... Must feel great to ride without a helmet because sometimes it's uncomfortable. ... I'm sure his family isn't going to be happy." Motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67% in 2009 to 54% in 2010, according to a press release issued by the Governors Highway Safety Association. "This is another sad and tragic example where we have lost someone due to the lack of wearing a helmet," said Jonathan Adkins, communications director for the association. According to Alton, a large percentage of motorcycle fatalities are due to inexperience and drivers not seeing motorcyclists when switching lanes or making turns. ABATE of NY Inc. is organizing a memorial "to honor an individual who rode for freedom and risked his all for freedom," he said. A formal date is still to be determined. Annual motorcycle deaths have more than doubled since the late 1990s with 5,290 in 2008, based on a report issued by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
highlights: We accept "an increased risk," state head of motorcycle association says . "I would never ride without a helmet," another New York motorcyclist says . Motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67% in 2009 to 54% in 2010 . 5,290 motorcycle fatalities were reported in 2008 .
id: b28e301c03712ed21776ccaaf4bf846de8f11bf5
chatgpt: Despite efforts to promote motorcycle helmet use, statistics show a decline in the number of riders who choose to wear them. According to a survey, helmet use dropped from 67% in 2009 to 54% in 2010. This trend is alarming as motorcycle fatalities continue to rise. In 2008, 5,290 motorcycle-related deaths were reported in the United States. The majority of these accidents were due to head injury, which could have been prevented by wearing a helmet. However, some riders continue to disregard this safety measure. The heinous risks of not wearing a helmet have made headlines and been the subject of many discussions. Even so, some associations and riders seem to ignore the consequences. One such association, the head of a motorcycle organization, has stated that they accept "an increased risk". While some may support this decision, there are others who see it as outright dangerous. A New York motorcyclist, for example, said, "I would never ride without a helmet." Even without laws forcing them to do so, some riders still opt to use one as they acknowledge the gravity of the situation. They know that accidents can happen, and they want to be protected. Several states have passed laws mandating helmet use, and this has been met with controversy. Some motorcyclists argue that helmets are uncomfortable and limit their ability to see and hear while riding. Others believe that wearing one is a personal choice that should not be restricted. But the fact remains that helmets save lives. This is why federal governments encourage their use, and some cities require it. Throughout the country, helmets have been credited with preventing thousands of deaths and reducing the severity of injuries. Despite the challenges and disputes surrounding helmet use, it is essential to remember that safety should always come first. The best way to avoid motorcycle accidents and prevent injury is to wear a helmet. It may not be the most comfortable option, but it can save a life. So, whether it's required by law or not, every rider should consider putting one on before taking to the open road.