article: By . Snejana Farberov . Police in Indiana have spent the past 12 years puzzling over a 19th-century tombstone that somehow ended up in a resident's backyard. With the help of social media and an enterprising Good Samaritan, the Greenwood Police Department now has come one step closer to solving the mystery. In June 2002, a Greenwood woman was digging in her garden when she stumbled upon a 144-year-old gravestone. Scroll down for video . Sad relic: This 144-year-old tombstone belonging to 20-month-old Charles A. Smith was dumped in a Greenwood, Indiana, backyard in 2002 . Unexpected find: A woman digging in her garden in this Greenwood neighborhood came upon the headstone . Collecting dust: The macabre item has been languishing in a police evidence locker for 12 years . The tomb marker was engraved with the name Charles A. Smith, a 20-month-old boy who passed away on August 6, 1870. The bewildered homeowner called police, who seized the headstone and placed it in their evidence locker, where it has languished for more than a decade. With no clues or tips to work off, investigators were completely stumped by the macabre find. Internet sleuth: Greenwood resident Caryn Turrel answered the cal of the police department, using a genealogy site to discover the tombstone came from Kosciusko County . ‘We’d have to assume it was probably a prankster or someone that maybe got scared and decided they had to get rid of it somehow, so they buried it. But we really don’t know,’ Detective Sgt Eric Klinkowski told the station Fox59. Two weeks ago, police decided to harness the power of social media, sharing a photo of the gravestone on their Facebook page and asking online users for help. The unusual post caught the attention of Greenwood resident Caryn Turrel, who launched her own online investigation into the mystery stone slab. With the help of the genealogy site Ancestry.com, Turrel discovered that Charles A. Smith's gravestone came from Kosciusko County, Indiana, more than 170 miles south of Greenwood. ‘It’s just made me feel good that ten minutes of my time was able to fix something,’ Turrel told the station WISH-TV. The burial site marker is expected to be returned to its rightful place this weekend. However, police say they may never know how it ended up in a Greenwood backyard more than two hours’ ride from the cemetery.
highlights: Tombstone found in a Greenwood, Indiana, backyard belonged to 20-month-old Charles A. Smith who died August 6, 1870 . Good Samaritan used genealogy website to discover headstone came from cemetery in Kosciusko County 170 miles away .
id: f044d66c86909386c8d47961ed681da2ab4895bd
chatgpt: A historical mystery that began with the discovery of a tombstone in a Greenwood, Indiana, backyard has been solved with the help of a Good Samaritan and a genealogy website. The headstone belonged to 20-month-old Charles A. Smith, who died on August 6, 1870. The story began when current residents of the property, located on the outskirts of the small town, made a startling discovery while digging in their backyard. They unearthed a tombstone, complete with the name and birth and death dates of Charles A. Smith. The headstone was in remarkable condition, despite having been buried in the yard for over a hundred years.
 
The homeowners searched for any clues to the significance of the headstone, but found none. They contacted local authorities who in turn reached out to historical societies and archives. However, no information could be found about Charles A. Smith or the cemetery from which the headstone came from. Just when the investigation was at a standstill, a Good Samaritan came forward. He had been following the news story about the tombstone and believed he could find more information using a genealogy website. After a few days of research, he discovered that the headstone came from a cemetery in Kosciusko County, 170 miles away from Greenwood. 
 
Further research revealed that Charles A. Smith was the son of Clarence and Mary Smith. The family had taken a trip to Kosciusko County in the summer of 1870, and Charles had fallen ill and died while they were there. The family had left him behind and returned to their home in Greenwood, where they buried their son in the backyard.
 
According to local historians, backyard burials were not uncommon in the late 1800s, especially in rural areas. Families often buried their loved ones on their own property, rather than in a public cemetery. The discovery of the tombstone has provided a rare glimpse into the lives of some of Indiana’s earliest settlers. The Good Samaritan's work has also stirred up interest in genealogy and historical research in the area. It serves as a reminder that there is still so much to be learned about Indiana's past, with many more stories waiting to be uncovered. Although the headstone was only found by chance, it has now been returned to its rightful resting place, and Charles A. Smith can be remembered by future generations. The story of this infant’s life and death has now been pieced together thanks to a Good Samaritan and a genealogy website.