article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 2:04 PM on 6th March 2012 . A young couple and their four-month-old baby have disappeared from their home in a small town leaving their belongings behind, authorities said. Timothy Medsker, 33, wife Sabrina, 34, and baby son Joshua have not been seen since February 12 in Petoskey, Michigan. Mr Medsker runs a successful cleaning business in the town and was known to work 70 to 80 hours a week. He had failed to show up for client meetings on February 16. Mystery: Timothy Medsker, wife Sabrina and four-month-old son Joshua haven't been seen in their home town of Petoskey, Michigan since February 12 . Such behavior was extremely out of character for Mr Medsker as he was never late and did not miss work appointments. Petoskey Director of Public Safety John Calabrese told MailOnline that the case 'is very frustrating and the family is obviously very concerned'. Director Calabrese said it appeared that the family had left home in a hurry when their residence was investigated for clues of their disappearance. Although the new parents have not been in contact with anyone they know, there was no evidence of foul play and their silver Ford pick-up truck was also missing. 'There's not a whole lot we can do because as far as we know at this point, there has been no crime committed,' he told MailOnline. Relatives reported the family missing on February 23 after being contacted by concerned customers. The Medskers, who were described as 'very private', reportedly have family in Orlando, Florida. Idyllic: A view over Lake Michigan from the town of Petoskey where the missing Medsker family live . The family also has connections in Chicago and Gary, Indiana. At one time, the Medskeys may have lived in Arizona or Florida. 'We need Tim and Sabrina to contact their family,' Mr Calabrese said. The town of Petoskey has a population of around 6,000 and sits on the northeast shore of Lake Michigan. Mr Calabrese told The Orlando Sentinel that 'It looks like they left in a hurry,'  noting the family did leave behind some belongings in their home.' 'Nobody knows where they're at.' 'It appears the family left the Petoskey area by choice, however, family members and friends are requesting the public's help in locating them,'
highlights: Timothy Medsker, 34, ran cleaning firm and worked '70 to 80 hours a week' No relatives have heard from new parents . 'Left home in a hurry' but police do not suspect foul play .
id: c780f8241bff940200e1ca06e9a3ac42833ab61e
chatgpt: Timothy Medsker, a 34-year-old man from Illinois, has been reported missing by his relatives. Medsker was the owner of a cleaning firm and worked approximately "70 to 80 hours a week," according to his family. The new father left his home in a hurry, but police do not suspect foul play at this stage. Medsker's family has not heard from him since he left his home unexpectedly. They found his disappearance unusual, especially since he had recently become a father. The police have been searching for Medsker but have not turned up any leads that suggest foul play. Medsker's wife, who is the mother of their newborn child, is understandably worried about her husband's sudden disappearance. She has been actively searching for him but has not had any luck so far. She is hoping that he will return home soon. According to his family, Medsker had been working long hours to keep his cleaning firm running. He was known to work "70 to 80 hours a week," leaving him with little time to spend with his family. However, he had recently become a father, and his family was hopeful that this would prompt him to spend more time at home. The police are urging anyone who may have seen Medsker or who may have information about his whereabouts to come forward. They are hoping that the public can help them find him and bring him back to his worried family. Medsker's sudden disappearance has left his family and friends concerned. They are hoping for a positive outcome and that they will hear from him soon. As the police investigation continues, his family is holding onto hope that he will be found and that this ordeal will soon be over. In conclusion, Timothy Medsker's sudden disappearance has left his family and friends worried, especially given that he recently became a new father. The police are investigating the case, but there is currently no evidence to suggest foul play. His loved ones are holding onto hope that he will return home soon and are urging anyone with information to come forward.