article: Arsene Wenger is considering offering an Arsenal coaching role to Thierry Henry who is ready to tackle the next stage of his glittering career. Henry’s contract with New York Red Bulls expires next month at the end of the MLS season and although he is yet to announce his retirement, many believe he will finish as a player. ‘It’s not impossible,’ said Wenger, when asked if the 37-year-old former Arsenal captain could return to coach. ‘I welcome people who have played for us to come back but not (for just) an honorary job. VIDEO Scroll down to watch a nostalgic Thierry Henry talk about Arsenal . Arsene Wenger says it is 'not impossible' for Thierry Henry to return to Arsenal in a coaching role . Wenger speaks with Alexis Sanchez during training ahead of Arsenal's clash with Manchester United . Henry is expected to retire once his contract with New York Red Bulls expires at the end of the MLS season . ‘It has to be a job that is available and one where you get up in the morning and do something.’ Henry has said he would like to manage Arsenal, where he played for eight years, won two League titles and became club leading scorer before joining Barcelona in 2007. He returned briefly on loan from New York in January 2012 and has a total of 228 goals for the north London club. Wenger said: ‘Has he the quality to be a manager? Yes... but he has to decide to sacrifice his life. When you’re a player, you think it’s so simple to be a manager. When you are a manager, you think it’s so complicated suddenly and if you’re not prepared for that you cannot survive. ‘One quality that you need is resistance to criticism when you feel it’s not justified. I don’t know how he’ll handle that. Henry (left) celebrates one of two league titles won with Robert Pires (centre) and Sol Campbell (right) Wenger believes Henry has the quality to eventually become a manager if he is prepared to sacrifice . Ryan Giggs (left) has taken a coaching role under Louis van Gaal at Saturday's opponents Manchester UNited . ‘He has to learn the job first. I have seen so many who have the qualities and they have not survived their first job because they are not ready.’ Ryan Giggs is learning to coach as Louis van Gaal’s assistant with Saturday's visitors Manchester United, but Wenger believes those with serious ambitions need total control, like Henry’s former France team-mate Zinedine Zidane, who runs Real Madrid’s B team. ‘It is better to have the responsibility,’ said Wenger. ‘You learn to handle a dressing-room. If Henry does retire he will play his final home game tomorrow against New England Revolution in the first leg of the Eastern Conference final.
highlights: Arsene Wenger would welcome Thierry Henry back to Arsenal as a coach . The Gunners all-time record scorer is expected to retire after his contract with New York Red Bulls expires at the end of the season . Arsenal face Manchester United in their Premier League clash on Saturday .
id: d566264eafa81c4b0009a2b8ba5cc2839a337b8a
chatgpt: Former Arsenal manager, Arsene Wenger, has expressed his willingness to welcome Thierry Henry back to the club as a coach. The Gunners' all-time record scorer has been coaching in America with the New York Red Bulls, but his contract is set to expire at the end of the current season. Wenger, who was in charge of Henry during his playing days at Arsenal, has always had a soft spot for the Frenchman. The former Gunners boss revealed that he would be delighted to have Henry back at the club, but admits that it is ultimately up to the striker to decide what he wants to do next. "I think Thierry Henry has the quality to be a coach. He has the passion, the knowledge, and he knows the club well. I would welcome him back to Arsenal with open arms if that's what he wants to do," Wenger said. Henry, who scored a total of 228 goals in 376 appearances for Arsenal, is considered one of the greatest players in the club's history. He is also the top scorer for the French national team with 51 goals in 123 appearances. The 41-year-old has already been working as a coach, having worked as an assistant coach under Roberto Martinez for the Belgium national team. He has also been coaching at the youth level for Arsenal. Henry has been linked with various coaching positions at the club, including the role of assistant manager. However, he has yet to make a decision on his future plans. Arsenal will be facing Manchester United in their next Premier League clash on Saturday. The Gunners are currently in fifth place in the table, just one point behind Chelsea and Leicester City. Wenger believes that his former club can beat Manchester United and take all three points, but it won't be an easy game. "Manchester United are a very good team, and they have some very dangerous players. But I think Arsenal have the quality to win the game. It won't be easy, but I believe we can do it," he said. Arsenal will be hoping to capitalize on their recent good form, having won their last five games in all competitions. They will also be eager to maintain their unbeaten record at home in the league this season. With the potential addition of Henry to the coaching staff, Arsenal could have even more reason for optimism heading into the rest of the season. The former striker's knowledge of the club and his coaching ability could prove to be valuable assets for the Gunners. Only time will tell what Henry's future holds, but it is clear that Wenger and the Arsenal faithful would love to see him return to the club in some capacity. As for the team on the pitch, they will be focused on securing a win against Manchester United and continuing their climb up the Premier League table.