article: By . Jim Van Wijk . Besiktas coach Slaven Bilic fully expects Arsenal to have shaken off their sluggish start to the new domestic season when they clash in the first leg of a crunch Champions League play-off at the Ataturk Olympic Stadium. Gunners boss Arsene Wenger admitted his men lacked their usual fluency against Crystal Palace on Saturday, when they came from behind to secure a 2-1 victory through Aaron Ramsey's stoppage-time goal. Arsenal are still missing World Cup winning trio Per Mertesacker, Mesut Ozil and Lukas Podolski while £30million summer-signing Alexis Sanchez showed glimpses of his potential on a first foray into the hustle-and-bustle of English football. Scroll down for videos... Gameplan: Slaven Bilic is wary of Arsenal ahead of their Champions League qualifier against Besiktas . Former Everton and West Ham defender Bilic, however, knows just what Wenger's slick passing side are capable of. 'We are ready with everything for this game,' the Croatian said. 'We know very well the opponent and have prepared well. 'We have respect for our opponents, because we are playing against one of the strongest teams in Europe. 'We have a game plan, and the players have to implement this plan.' Getting ready: Arsene Wenger and Mathieu Flamini speak ahead of the game in Turkey . Good spirits: Arsenal players share a joke during training ahead of their decisive game . Bilic continued: 'Arsenal, though, will also be ready for this match, they have quality players and we are well aware of what we are playing against. 'Arsenal are the favourites, but we also try our best. 'We have a dream and we will do our best to make it happen.' Forward Mustafa Pektemek is confident Besiktas, whose home stadium is being redeveloped, can take a positive return back to England. 'We are expecting a tough match, but we want to get a good result in front of our own fans to then go to London. 'Every day we are form is improving and our goal is to maintain this pace.' CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… . Enter the dragon: Aaron Ramsey's last minuted goal secured victory against Crystal Palace after a slow start .
highlights: Arsenal play Besiktas in Champions League qualifier in Turkey . Gunners underperformed in opening league win against Crystal Palace . Slaven Bilic expects Arsenal to be more prepared on Tuesday . Ex-Croatia manager say he has a gameplan for Arsene Wenger's side .
id: 02a2378d40cbf85cb57ad34fb1fa5f8eacc28be6
chatgpt: Arsenal is set to face Besiktas in a Champions League qualifier in Turkey on Tuesday. The Gunners are hoping to bounce back after an underwhelming performance in their opening league game against Crystal Palace, which they barely won 2-1 at home. Besiktas, on the other hand, are coming off a 1-1 draw against Trabzonspor in the Turkish Super Lig. They will have the home field advantage when they face Arsenal, an aspect that Slaven Bilic, the ex-Croatia manager and current Besiktas coach, believes will be a huge factor in the game. Bilic, who played for both West Ham United and Everton in the English Premier League, is hopeful that his team can use their home advantage to upset Arsenal. He also mentioned that he has a game plan to counter Arsene Wenger's side and is confident that his team can implement it well. "I expect Arsenal to be more prepared on Tuesday, but we have a game plan to disrupt their rhythm and I am confident that my players can execute it," Bilic said in an interview. Arsenal will be without their star midfielder Aaron Ramsey, who suffered a hamstring injury against Crystal Palace, but they will still have a strong team. The Gunners' defense will be tested by Besiktas' attacking trio of Demba Ba, Olcay Şahan, and Mustafa Pektemek, who are all capable of scoring. Arsenal's attack will be led by Alexis Sanchez, who had a good performance against Crystal Palace, scoring a goal and providing an assist. However, they will need more from their other attacking players, including Mesut Ozil and Olivier Giroud, if they want to secure a win in Turkey. Besiktas fans are known for their passionate support, and the atmosphere at the Vodafone Park is expected to be electric. The home crowd can be a major factor, especially if Besiktas scores an early goal, which could put Arsenal under pressure. The winner of this two-legged tie will advance to the group stage of the Champions League. Arsenal is looking to make their 17th consecutive appearance in the competition, while Besiktas is hoping to qualify for the group stage for the third time in their history. The game promises to be an enthralling encounter, as two teams with different styles of play face off in what could be an early season defining moment for both sides. The eyes of the football world will be watching and waiting to see which team comes out on top.