article: CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN)  -- At a debate in front of thousands of labor union activists Tuesday, Sen. Barack Obama's Democratic presidential rivals blasted him for his remarks about Pakistan. Last Wednesday, the Illinois senator said that if it were necessary to root out terrorists, he would send U.S. forces into Pakistan without the country's approval. "You can think big, but remember, you shouldn't always say everything you think if you're running for president, because it has consequences around the world," Sen. Hillary Clinton said during a 90-minute Democratic presidential forum in Chicago sponsored by the AFL-CIO. Chicago is Obama's hometown, and Clinton's statement drew boos. The New York senator responded, "We don't need that right now." Despite the frosty reception, Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd joined Clinton in criticizing Obama. He said Obama's stance could undermine Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, the country's military ruler, who has been a U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda. "While General Musharraf is no Thomas Jefferson, he may be the only thing that stands between us and having an Islamic fundamentalist state in that country," Dodd said. "So while I would like to see him change, the reality is, if we lose him, then what we face is an alternative that could be a lot worse for our country." Obama jumped into the fray. "I find it amusing that those who helped to authorize and engineer the biggest foreign policy disaster in our generation are now criticizing me for making sure that we are on the right battlefield and not the wrong battlefield in the war against terrorism," he said. "If we have actionable intelligence on al Qaeda operatives, including [Osama] bin Laden, and President Musharraf cannot act, then we should," Obama said. "That's just common sense." He also said Americans had the right to participate in the debate over such a key aspect of American foreign policy. But Clinton countered by saying that while U.S. forces might have to pursue action inside Pakistan "on the basis of actionable intelligence," it was "a very big mistake to telegraph that and to destabilize the Musharraf regime, which is fighting for its life against the Islamist extremists who are in bed with al Qaeda and the Taliban." "Remember, Pakistan has nuclear weapons. The last thing we want is to have al Qaeda-like followers in charge of Pakistan and having access to nuclear weapons." Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware responded later in the debate, noting that the strategy Obama outlined was already U.S. policy. "Everyone's entitled to their own opinion, but not their own facts," Biden said. "It's already the policy of the United States -- has been for four years -- that there's actionable intelligence, we would go into Pakistan." E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Sen. Hillary Clinton booed when she criticizes Sen. Barack Obama at debate . Clinton, Sen. Chris Dodd slam Obama's stance on Pakistan . Obama: U.S. should go into Pakistan if intelligence warrants it . Debate sponsored by AFL-CIO drew thousands of labor activists .
id: 751e8f720d24c57e79cf63d9a3f72cd80c5d9619
chatgpt: During a Democratic primary debate sponsored by the AFL-CIO on Tuesday, tensions between Senator Hillary Clinton and Senator Barack Obama were on full display as thousands of labor activists watched. Although Clinton has repeatedly stated that Obama is a "friend," her criticisms of him were met with boos from the crowd. One of the issues that sparked the most heated exchange during the debate was Obama's recent statement that the United States should be willing to go into Pakistan to target terrorists if actionable intelligence indicates that they are there. Clinton, along with several other candidates, including Senator Chris Dodd, criticized Obama's position as reckless and potentially damaging to America's relationship with Pakistan. Clinton stated that Obama's stance "was not a strategy at all" and runs the risk of alienating a key U.S. ally in the region. She also pointed out that Pakistan is a nuclear-armed country, and that the U.S. should be very careful about how it conducts itself in this unstable region. The crowd, however, did not take kindly to Clinton's attack, and began to boo her loudly. Clinton tried to explain her position further, but the jeers continued, showing just how polarizing this issue has become for the Democratic candidates. Obama, on the other hand, was unapologetic about his position and stood by his controversial statement. He insisted that it was important for the United States to hold its own when it comes to national security, and that sometimes difficult decisions have to be made. Other topics that were discussed during the debate included the economy, healthcare, and the ongoing war in Iraq. All of the candidates seemed to be in agreement that the war has been a mistake, and that it is time for the United States to start withdrawing its troops. Clinton and Obama also clashed on the issue of healthcare reform. Clinton touted her plan as the best way to get healthcare coverage to all Americans, while Obama insisted that his plan was more attainable and practical. The debate lasted for nearly two hours, and showed just how divided the Democratic Party has become on key issues. While Obama's willingness to go into Pakistan was the most controversial topic of the night, it was clear that there are also significant differences between the candidates on a range of other issues that will shape the outcome of the 2008 presidential election. Although Clinton was clearly the most contentious candidate of the night, she also had her supporters in the audience, showing that the race is far from over. With primary day still many months away, it remains to be seen which candidate will ultimately emerge victorious, and what impact this debate will have on the long and complicated process of picking a nominee.