article: (CNN) -- The Israel Defense Forces arrested two people it identified as responsible for the massacre of an Israeli family in the West Bank settlement of Itamar, officials said Sunday. The two suspects, Amjad Awad. 19. and Hakim Awad, 28, were caught in the nearby Palestinian village of Awarta, Israeli General Security Services said. Six others have been arrested for helping them. The pair are accused of killing Udi and Ruth Fogel and three of their children last month. The children were ages 11 years, 4 years and 3 months. The two men were members of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, but acted independently, the security services said. They decided on the attack a few days before the killings, the officials said. According to the investigation, the pair were unsuccessful in an initial attempt to acquire a gun, but on the night of the killings broke into an empty house in the settlement and stole an M-16 rifle. They entered the Fogel's home and stabbed two of the children, before struggling with the parents and stabbing and shooting them, the security services said. They fled the house, fearing the shots would have been heard, but then returned to steal another weapon and stabbed the baby, the officials said. "For the country, the fact that we promised and carried out the promise is witness to the fact that no such murder will ever leave our daily agenda," Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday. "We will get to such murderers whereever they are. This expresses our obligation to the idea of justice and our security." The IDF continues to search for more perpetrators of the killing of the Fogel family, an IDF spokesman said. "The murders of five family members including a 3-month (old) baby constitute a crossing of all red lines," Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich said. "The IDF has invested in numerous operational and intelligence efforts, and has worked closely with other security forces in order to find those responsible for this vicious murder." The day after the five members of the Fogel family were killed, Israel approved the construction of several hundred housing units in the West Bank. The government approved the construction in the settlements of Gush Etzion, Maale Adumim, Ariel and Kiryat Sefer in a rare Saturday-night decision. Three Fogel children survived, including a 12-year-old daughter who was not home, and two younger children whose room the killers apparently did not notice.
highlights: Israel arrested two suspects . They are accused of killing five members of a family of settlers . The IDF continues to investigate the incident .
id: c67dd689894d11f9dafbc5aaa88fca7c6f240533
chatgpt: Israel Arrests Two Suspects in Connection with Killing of Five Members of Settler Family Israel's security forces have announced the arrest of two suspects in connection with the killing of five members of a settler family last week. The suspects are accused of carrying out the attack in the West Bank town of Itamar, in which three children and their parents were killed in their home. The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said its investigation into the incident is ongoing and it is still searching for additional suspects. The army has described the attack as a "horrific act of terrorism." Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised the security forces for their swift action in capturing the suspects. "The long arm of Israel will reach whoever tries to harm us and we will settle accounts with them." The Israeli government has accused Palestinian militants of carrying out the attack. The militant group Hamas, which controls the Gaza Strip, has praised the killings but has not claimed responsibility for the attack. Palestinian officials have condemned the attack, but have also expressed skepticism about the claims made by the Israeli government. They have called for an international investigation into the incident. The attack has raised tensions between Israeli settlers and Palestinians in the West Bank, an area that has been a source of conflict for decades. There are approximately 450,000 Israeli settlers living in the West Bank, and their presence is seen as an obstacle to a future Palestinian state. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has been at a stalemate for years, with both sides unwilling to make the necessary compromises to reach a lasting peace agreement. The killing of the settler family has only exacerbated tensions between the two sides. The international community has condemned the attack and called on both sides to show restraint. United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres said he was "shocked and saddened" by the attack and called for those responsible to be brought to justice. The US State Department also condemned the attack and called on both sides to "avoid any actions that would further escalate tensions." The statement added that "all sides should work together to reduce violence and promote stability in the region." The killing of the settler family is just the latest in a long line of violent incidents in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Both sides have committed atrocities over the years and the conflict shows no signs of abating. The arrest of the two suspects in connection with the Itamar attack is a step towards bringing those responsible to justice. However, it is unlikely to lead to an end to the conflict or a resolution to the underlying issues that drive it.