article: San Marino manager Pierangelo Manzaroli admits Thursday's match against England is an exercise in 'damage limitation' but insists his side do deserve their place in the Euro 2016 qualification stage. San Marino are ranked joint 208th with Bhutan in the FIFA World Rankings and have never won a competitive fixture. England are expected to inflict another heavy defeat on Manzaroli's team of part-timers, having scored 26 goals and conceded one in the sides' last four meetings. San Marino manager Pierangelo Manzarol is hoping to keep the score down against England . The San Marino squad trained at Wembley on Wednesday night ahead of the Group E qualifier . 'It will have to be a big effort,' Manzaroli said. 'Playing England is different for us because more often than not it is a matter of damage limitation. 'But we don't rule anything out - you never know when the chance will arrive to get a result.' Manzaroli continued: 'It's going to be a difficult match and the main objective will be to come away without a heavy defeat. 'We also want to try to show what we can do and try to keep the match even for as long as possible.' Alessandro Della Valle looks dejected after putting through his own net against England last year . Daniel Sturridge heaped more misery on minnows back in March 2013 . England still have four more international matches to play in 2014 and of the five other teams drawn in Group E, only Switzerland are ranked inside the world's top 50. It has been suggested struggling sides like San Marino should have to go through a play-off before reaching the qualification stage but Manzaroli disagrees. 'We want to carry on playing in the biggest and best stadiums in Europe and we think it is our right to do that,' Manzaroli said. 'Every time we do, we show we are committed and we give our all so we want to carry on with that. Manzarol has briefed his players to expect another onslaught against Roy Hodgson's side . Manzarol gives instructions during training on Wednesday night . 'If the international schedule is too dense and they want to take some matches away that is up to UEFA. 'But we are a member of UEFA and we think we have as much right as anyone else to play against the big teams.' Manzaroli added: 'It is not easy to start again after every defeat. 'We have shown, however, we always regroup, we never lose heart, we play with passion and perhaps we are a good example of healthy sporting principles in a world when business rules supreme.' San Marino, who have never conceded less than five goals against England, lost their opening Group E fixture 2-0 at home to Lithuania. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will be hoping lightning strikes twice following his goal against San Marino in 2013 .
highlights: Pierangelo Manzaroli admits minnows are just aiming to keep score down . San Marino have never conceded less than five goals against Three Lions . Manzaroli says his country deserve their place in Euro 2016 qualifiers .
id: afb85b1c48858a220fc099a4fc832c54121187e8
chatgpt: San Marino Coach Pierangelo Manzaroli admitted that his country’s minnows are just aiming to keep the score down when they take on England in their upcoming Euro 2016 qualifier. He also said that his team deserves their place in the qualifiers and is hopeful that they will show a good account of themselves in the upcoming match. San Marino, who have always been among the weakest teams in international football, have suffered heavily in their previous encounters against England. The Three Lions have never conceded fewer than five goals against San Marino and have scored a total of 31 goals in their seven previous meetings. Speaking ahead of the match on Tuesday, Manzaroli acknowledged the difficulties that his side faces when taking on opponents like England. "Our goal is not to get blown away, but we still want to play and give our best on the pitch," he said. "We know it's going to be tough against a side like England, but we deserve to be here, and we are going to try to take advantage of this opportunity.” The coach also praised his players' commitment and dedication in their preparations for the match. "They are very positive and very focused. We have been working very hard, and we hope that we can put up a good show and give a good account of ourselves," he said. Despite being the underdogs in the match, Manzaroli believes that his team can learn a lot from playing against top-quality opponents like England. "We can learn a lot from this match. We know that England is a world-class team, and we can learn a lot from their style of play," he said. "We are looking forward to the challenge and the experience." England will be hoping to secure a comfortable victory on Tuesday, as they continue their quest to qualify for the Euro 2016 tournament. San Marino, on the other hand, will be looking to improve on their previous performances against England and show that they can compete at this level. San Marino is hoping to cause an upset in the upcoming match, but realistically they're heading into the match as massive underdogs. However, Manzaroli and his side are confident that they can put in a good display, and prove to the world that they are a team worth watching. In conclusion, San Marino may not have the same resources and quality as the England side, but they have the heart and passion to compete at the highest level. Manzaroli and his players will be hoping to make the most of this opportunity, and put their best foot forward when they take on the Three Lions on Tuesday.