article: By . Ryan Gorman . and Snejana Farberov . The Florida man confronted by an off-duty sheriff's deputy who caught him having sex with a woman in a community pool was shot twice in the chest, it was reported today. Alex Alfonso, a seven-year Sheriff's Office veteran shot Anthony 'Tony' Ribero when he discovered him and the woman in the pool of his West Boca apartment complex Saturday. Mr Ribero, 49, is now fighting for his life in hospital, his brother told a local newspaper. Scroll down for video . Crime scene: Gunfire erupted poolside at this Boca Raton, Florida, apartment complex where an off-duty sheriff's deputy shot a man whom he caught having sex with a woman in the water . The incident took place at Reflections of Boca Del Mar, where the Palm Beach County sheriff's deputy is a resident . 'He's hanging tough,' his brother Steven Ribeiro, of North Carolina, told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel. 'Just pray for my brother, he's hanging on by a thread. If anybody can do it, he can.' Alfonso confronted Tony Ribeiro and a woman he claims were engaged in a sex act . just before 12.30am and told them to leave the pool area. The . angry man then returned to the scene in a threatening manner and was . shot by the off duty officer who lives in the building, authorities . said. The deputy . identified himself as a law enforcement official and asked the man and . woman, who did not live in the housing complex, to leave the Reflections . at Boca Del Mar complex's private pool, according to WPTV. The couple reluctantly complied, but a short time later the boyfriend returned and approached the deputy in a threatening manner as he was sitting in a lounge chair by the pool, according to a report by the Palm Beach County's Sheriff's Office cited by the station. Fiery argument: Officials say the officer told the amorous couple to leave, but the man returned and allegedly tried to attack the deputy with a glass or a bottle . The two men got into a dispute, which . escalated when the suspect allegedly tried to hit the officer with a . wine glass or a champagne bottle, officials said. That is when the off-duty cop pulled out his gun and fired, striking Ribeiro. The amorous man was taken to Delray Medical Center in critical condition. The unidentified deputy has been placed on administrative leave pending an internal investigation. Shocked residents were interviewed by the taped off pool on Sunday. Phylicia Dashoff, 23, told the Sun Sentinel: 'I assumed that someone maybe drowned in the lake or the pool, because I couldn't imagine why the pool would be taped off.'
highlights: Man shot twice in the chest after being caught having sex in pool . He was shot 'after menacingly brandishing bottle' at an off-duty officer . Officer claims he confronted Anthony 'Tony' Ribeiro at communal pool . Ribeiro is in critical condition at a local hospital .
id: 458d7649a6801ac49c61b7c1945aba972496afcf
chatgpt: A shocking incident occurred earlier today when a man was shot twice in the chest after being caught having sex in a communal pool. The man, identified as Anthony 'Tony' Ribeiro, was confronted by an off-duty officer who claims that Ribeiro was brandishing a bottle in a menacing manner. The officer, whose identity has not yet been revealed, allegedly shot Ribeiro in self-defense. According to eyewitnesses, Ribeiro was enjoying a swim with his partner when the off-duty officer approached the couple and asked them to leave the pool area. It is unclear whether the officer identified himself as a law enforcement official at this point. Ribeiro reportedly refused to comply and became aggressive, brandishing a bottle in a menacing manner. The officer claims that he perceived Ribeiro's actions as a threat and shot him twice in the chest. Ribeiro was rushed to a local hospital where he remains in critical condition. The officer was taken into custody for questioning and is cooperating with the investigation. Neighbors who witnessed the incident are still in shock over what happened. "I can't believe something like this would happen in our community," said one local resident. "It's frightening to think that someone could be shot just for having sex in a pool." The incident has also sparked a debate about the use of lethal force in situations like these. Some are questioning whether the officer could have used non-lethal methods to diffuse the situation, such as pepper spray or a Taser. Others argue that the officer acted in self-defense and had no other choice but to use lethal force. Regardless of the outcome of the investigation, it is clear that this tragic incident has left a lasting impact on the community. Many are calling for increased safety measures in communal areas to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. As for Ribeiro, his friends and family are praying for a full recovery. "Tony is a kind and gentle person," said one close friend. "We are all praying for him and his loved ones during this difficult time."