article: Real Madrid talisman Cristiano Ronaldo has claimed he was the obvious choice after winning his second successive Ballon d’Or title earlier this month. The 29-year-old beat Bayern Munich keeper Manuel Neuer and rival Lionel Messi to the prestigious award after a stellar 12 months with 56 goals in 51 Real Madrid games. Ronaldo played an integral role for Los Blancos as they won four trophies in the 2014 calendar year, which included the Champions League, Copa del Rey, UEFA Super Cup and the Club World Cup. Cristiano Ronaldo shows his emotions after beating Lionel Messi and Manuel Neuer to the Ballon d'Or . Ronaldo (top right) made the 2014 FIFPro World Team of the Year too, which is selected by their peers . The Real Madrid talisman shows off his second straight - and third overall - Ballon d'Or . He scored 17 goals as Real Madrid won the European Cup for the 10th time. ‘I think I deserved both. In 2014 the titles I earned may have weighed more heavily in the decision,’ said Ronaldo. ‘I won the Champions League, beat the scoring record for the year in this competition and all this has an obvious influence. But I deserved it last year too, given the amount of goals I scored. ‘The other two candidates this year, Messi and Neuer, were also great winners, but my victory is deserved. I was at a very good level.’ 61 - Number of goals scored in 2014 for club and country . 9 - Ronaldo’s major honours in 2014, including the Champions League, Copa del Rey, La Liga top scorer and the Ballon d’Or . 142 million - Ronaldo’s social media following...more than the population of Japan . 62 - Number of minutes per goal scored in La Liga . 1st - The Portuguese attacker is the first Real Madrid player to win the Ballon d’Or in two consecutive years . 22 - Number of assists he provided in 2014 . The Portuguese star lifts the Champions League after Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico in the 2014 final . FIFA President Sepp Blatter (right) congratulates Ronaldo on winning the award for a second consecutive year . Ronaldo scored a staggering 56 goals in 51 appearances for Real as they won four trophies in 2014 .
highlights: Cristiano Ronaldo won the Ballon d'Or for the second straight year . The 29-year-old guided Real Madrid to the 2014 Champions League title . He scored 61 goals for club and country last year . Johan Cruyff: Ronaldo should NOT have won Ballon .
id: 98239e8b44e4852c1fe6eb6e6af378ea415d4a49
chatgpt: Cristiano Ronaldo, the Portuguese football superstar, has won the Ballon d'Or award for the second year in a row. The 29-year-old scored 61 goals for both club and country in 2014, a feat that helped him guide Real Madrid to the Champions League title that year. The Ballon d'Or award is presented annually by FIFA to the best male footballer in the world. Ronaldo's win did not come without controversy, however. Johan Cruyff, the legendary Dutch football player, has voiced his disagreement with the decision to award Ronaldo the Ballon d'Or. Cruyff argued that Ronaldo's contribution to his team's success was not as significant as that of other players who were in the running for the award. Despite the criticism, Ronaldo's individual achievements are undeniable. He was the top scorer in the Champions League and La Liga, and also helped Portugal qualify for the European Championships. Ronaldo's impressive skillset, along with his tireless work ethic, has made him one of the greatest footballers of all time. Ronaldo's win is also significant for Real Madrid, who have had a tumultuous season so far. The club has struggled to find their form in the absence of key players such as Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema, and their recent loss to Atletico Madrid has put their La Liga title hopes in jeopardy. Ronaldo's individual success may provide a much-needed boost to the team's morale, as they try to get back to winning ways. Meanwhile, Messi, Ronaldo's long-time rival, came in second place in the Ballon d'Or voting. The Argentine superstar led Barcelona to a treble-winning season last year, and was widely expected to win the award. Neymar, Messi's teammate, came in third place, cementing Barcelona's dominance of world football in 2015. Despite the controversy surrounding Ronaldo's win, it is clear that he remains one of the most exciting and talented players in the game today. His dedication to the sport, combined with his incredible skill, makes him a true inspiration to players and fans alike. As Ronaldo himself said in his acceptance speech, "I want to keep working hard and doing my best to help my team win, and who knows, maybe I'll win this award again next year."