article: By . Hamish Mackay . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says that Chelsea will not sell striker Fernando Torres, despite signing Diego Costa and Didier Drogba. The 30-year-old Spanish striker was initially signed as a long-term replacement for Drogba, but after failing to impress, Torres may now find himself behind the Ivorian who has returned for a second spell at the club. But Mourinho insisted Torres still has a role to play with the club. Speaking to Sky, the former Real Madrid man said: 'Three strikers is fundamental in the squad and we have three - Nando, Didier and Diego. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Fernando Torres misses from two yards in Chelsea friendly . Staying: Fernando Torres will be staying at Chelsea, despite the arrivals of Didier Drogba and Diego Costa . Transfer: After the sale of Romelu Lukaku to Everton, Mourinho wants to keep Torres at Chelsea . 'We have a good squad, the perfect squad would be with these 18 players, not 17.' When pushed about the Spaniard's future at the club Mourinho said he would not be sold 'for sure'. Chelsea have sold Demba Ba and . Romelu Lukaku and released Samuel Eto'o this summer, leaving Torres, Costa and Drogba as options . for the west London club. Mourinho did admit that he would like to add more English players to Chelsea's squad, but revealed there were no developments on that front yet. He said: 'We are working hard to have more English players in our squad but at the moment we are still in the middle of that process.' Return: Drogba returned for a second spell at the club, and is reunited with Mourinho after seven years . Madrid: Diego Costa signed for Chelsea in a £32m deal from Spanish champions Atletico Madrid . VIDEO Lukaku, surplus to requirements at Chelsea, returns to Merseyside .
highlights: Jose Mourinho says Fernando Torres will not be sold . Chelsea have already signed Diego Costa and Didier Drogba this summer . Romelu Lukaku was sold to Everton for £28m and Demba Ba to Besiktas for £8m while Samuel Eto'o was released .
id: 5a6041fe311bd2c845b4b6326a88529016752ad4
chatgpt: Jose Mourinho has confirmed that Chelsea will not be looking to sell Fernando Torres this summer, despite the arrival of two new strikers. The Blues have already brought in Diego Costa from Atletico Madrid and re-signed Didier Drogba, and many speculated that Torres may be shown the door to make room for the new signings. However, Mourinho has put those rumors to bed, insisting that Torres still has a part to play in the squad. "Fernando is not for sale," the Portuguese manager said. "He's a very important player for me and he will stay." The decision to retain Torres means that Chelsea have said goodbye to several other strikers this summer. Romelu Lukaku was sold to Everton for a fee of £28 million, while Demba Ba joined Besiktas for £8 million. Additionally, Samuel Eto'o was released and is currently a free agent. Despite the departure of those players, Mourinho is confident that Chelsea have strengthened their attacking options this summer. "We have three very good strikers now," he said. "I think we are in good shape." The addition of Costa has been particularly exciting for Chelsea fans, with the Spanish international having enjoyed a prolific season in La Liga last year. Drogba, meanwhile, returns to Stamford Bridge as a club legend, having won three Premier League titles and the Champions League during his first spell with the Blues. While Torres may not be the new star striker that many Chelsea fans were hoping for, Mourinho clearly believes that he still has something to offer the team. With competition for places up front now fiercer than ever, it will be interesting to see how the squad evolves over the course of the season.