article: By . Jennifer Newton . A senior British military figure has branded the UK's 2003 invasion of Iraq 'a cock-up we will be living with for the next 50 years'. Major General Julian Thompson, who commanded Plymouth-based 3 Commando Brigade during the 1982 Falklands War, spoke out as Isis militants seized three cities in Iraq and seem to be heading towards the capital Baghdad. And Major General Thompson says he blames UK politicians for the 'complete mess' in Iraq and now fears for the future. Major General Julian Thompson, pictured,  says he blames UK politicians for the 'complete mess' in Iraq and now fears for the future . Major General Julian Thompson led 3 Commando Royal Marines during the 1982 Falklands War. He is pictured with his family at Buckingham Palace . The 79-year-old said: 'Iraq was a strategic error of gargantuan proportions. I was against us going in from the very beginning in 2003. 'I didn't say so at the time with the boys going in but it was wrong. 'The effects of what we did will be felt for a very long time. 'It was not the right thing to do. This was not a military cock up, it was a political cock up. And it is a cock up we will be living with for the next 50 years. The Major General says Tony Blair, pictured with former U.S. president George W. Bush, is guilty of getting us into a position we shouldn't have got into . 'Saddam Hussein was not a nice guy but he kept the lid on extremism. ‘He held the balance of power between the Iranians and the Arab World.’ ‘People are far worse off now than they were when he was there. I don't care what Tony Blair says, these people are not better off. Blair is guilty of getting us into a position we shouldn't have got into.’ The deepening crisis in Iraq has prompted U.S President Barack Obama to say last night that he wouldn't 'rule out anything' as he searches for ways to help the ailing Iraqi army push back the terrorist horde. Major General Thompson says former Prime Minister Tony Blair, pictured with troops in Basra, Iraq in 2006, is wrong when he says people in Iraq are better off . But Major General Thompson believes it wouldn’t be wise to intervene in the country again. He added: ‘We will not go back in - at least I certainly hope not. We couldn't sort it out the first time, we'd just make it worse if we went back. ‘Rather like a disease we need to rope it off do it doesn't affect us. We have to be cold blooded. Our security must come first. ‘However sorry we may be for the people of Iraq, there is nothing we can do. We do not want to reinforce failure.’
highlights: Major General says he blames UK politicians for the 'complete mess' in Iraq . Believes the 2003 invasion of the country was a 'political cock-up' Says the people of Iraq are not better off since the war in the country . Warns against UK forces going back into the country again . Major General led Royal Marines during the 1982 Falklands War .
id: e3569ffc248fc2db49dc3b3c7fd6d9793771c267
chatgpt: In a stunning interview, Major General Julian Thompson, the former Royal Marines commander, has heavily criticized UK politicians for the current state of affairs in Iraq. The Major General stated that the 2003 invasion of Iraq was nothing but a 'political cock-up' that resulted in a 'complete mess' in the country.  Major General Thompson is no stranger to war as he led the Royal Marines in the Falklands War of 1982, and his view on the Iraq war is quite clear. The Major General believes that the people of Iraq are no better off now than they were before the war. Instead, the country is in a state of turmoil, with sectarian violence and insurgency still present in many parts of the country. The Major General went on to warn against the prospect of the UK forces going back into the country. He strongly counseled against any further British intervention in the Middle East unless it was absolutely necessary for national security reasons.  He further added that with the world already facing a major crisis with the COVID-19 pandemic, any potential military action by the UK would only add to the already dire situation. The Major General argued that troops should remain in the UK and be deployed to defend the country against any potential border threats. The Major General's interview comes at a time when the UK military is facing significant budget cuts, and there are concerns about the country's ability to defend itself in the face of potential threats. Some have argued that the UK should reconsider its military spending priorities and focus more on homeland security. The Major General's views on Iraq and the UK's role in the Middle East have been echoed by many in the UK. They question whether the country should continue to play a leading role in international military interventions or instead focus more on its domestic needs. In conclusion, Major General Julian Thompson has made a powerful statement by speaking out about his views on the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the current state of the country and the role of the UK in its future. His insights are a timely reminder of the need to carefully consider the consequences of any military action and the need to prioritize national security in light of current challenges.