article: Profile: Ehsanullah Ehsan, pictured, listed his profession  as a spokesman for the TTP Jamaat Ahrar - a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban . A senior terror commander used a business networking site to advertise his twisted set of skills, it has been reported. Ehsanullah Ehsan listed his profession on LinkedIn as a spokesman for the TTP Jamaat Ahrar - a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban. He described himself as 'self-employed' and listed his skills as 'jihad and journalism'. He also provided details on his education, employment history and language skills. The account was taken down by the company on Friday after it was approached by reporters from The Sunday Telegraph, who saw Ehsan's claims. Ehsan formed Jamaat Ahrar along with former commanders of the the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan, the Pakistan wing of the Taliban. The group declared their separation in August 2014. The newly-formed terror group was blamed for the devastating suicide bombing on the Attari-Wagah border in Pakistan last November that left at least 61 dead. Days after the attack, Ehsan issued a series of tweets, including one that identified the bomber and another that threatened India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He had his Twitter account suspended after the incident, but now operates using a different name. A £650,000 bounty was placed on the terrorist's head in 2012 after he boasted that the group was responsible for the attempted assassination of schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai. A spokesman for the TTP told Pakistani newspaper The Express Tribune at the time that Malala was shot because she was a ’secular-minded lady’. Ehsan later tweeted that the teenager would not be safe if she survived the attack. A spokesman for LinkedIn told the Sunday Telegraph that the company's security team had decided to 'restrict' the account - meaning it was no longer in operation. Responsible: Ehsan had a £650,000 bounty put on his head in 2012 when he boasted the Pakistani Taliban was behind the assassination attempt on Malala Yousufzai. Above, the teenager recovering in hospital . But she said that there was suspicion that it was a fake account, pointing to the 'lack of Taliban recruiting messages'. She added: 'Our security team has a high degree of confidence that it is a fake account, which is reason enough to restrict it.' The revelation comes a day after it emerged internet companies are refusing to pass on potentially critical evidence to GCHQ on serious criminals because they do not meet their criteria for causing enough harm.
highlights: Ehsanullah Ehsan listed job on LinkedIn as terror group spokesman . Online profile offered information including education and employment . Account was removed by internet company, which said it could be fake .
id: 7f9a54ab6e3d618d1234b61134aad26e525d3da6
chatgpt: A former spokesperson for a Pakistani terror group has been making waves online after it was discovered that he had listed his job on LinkedIn. Ehsanullah Ehsan, who was previously associated with the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), had apparently created an online profile that listed him as the spokesperson for the organization. According to sources, the profile featured details about Ehsan's education and employment history, as well as information about his time with the TTP. Interestingly, the profile also made it clear that Ehsan was open to job opportunities, stating that he was "looking for a challenging role in the media industry." The discovery of Ehsan's LinkedIn profile has raised concerns about the platform's ability to identify and remove fake accounts. In a statement, a spokesperson for LinkedIn said that Ehsan's account had been removed due to suspicions that it may have been fraudulent. "While we cannot confirm the authenticity of this profile, we take such reports seriously and immediately investigate any activity that violates our policies," the spokesperson said. LinkedIn is not the only platform that has faced criticism over fake accounts. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have also been criticized for being slow to remove accounts associated with extremist organizations. Experts say that the ease with which fake accounts can be created on social media means that terrorist groups and their supporters are able to use these platforms to spread propaganda and recruit new members. The TTP, which was responsible for a number of deadly attacks in Pakistan over the years, is just one of many terrorist organizations that have turned to social media to spread their message. Despite the risks, social media companies have struggled to find a way to balance freedom of expression with the need to prevent extremist content from being shared online. In recent years, many platforms have implemented new policies and technologies designed to identify and remove extremist content, but these efforts have faced criticism from both sides of the political spectrum. For now, the discovery of Ehsan's LinkedIn profile may serve as a reminder that even seemingly legitimate platforms can be used for nefarious purposes. As online activity continues to play an increasingly important role in our daily lives, it is important that companies, governments, and individuals remain vigilant about the content they share and consume online.