article: I believe it is time to start educating Jack Wilshere after his latest smoking incident. He needs somebody explaining to him how to behave. If he was smoking that pipe, even if it doesn’t do him any serious damage as a player... well, I wouldn’t put myself in that position. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Jack Wilshere shows his fitness in an intense gym session . Jack Wilshere (right) appeared to be holding a shisha pipe during a night out in London . The England footballer spotted chatting up a mystery woman and smoking outside Dstrkt Club in London . Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny has already lost his place over a smoking issue so you would never dream of being seen with something — cigarette, shisha, lager, anything. Being in the team should mean so much to you, and is such a reward for all your efforts, that it’s not worth that risk. Wilshere is obviously going out and thinks he is in a private situation — but you never are as a footballer. There is always somebody on the look-out. You have to be squeaky clean and if you are serious about your football that’s how you should want to live anyway. Wilshere is still out injured, of course, and will be sad to miss a north London derby that has got all the makings of a cracking match. After beating Chelsea 5-3 on New Year’s Day, Tottenham will be thinking they go into the game as Arsenal’s equals. A puffed out Wilshere takes a breather during training as he looks to regain fitness following injury . Pochettino insists it is time for fans to get behind their forward ahead of the game against Arsenal . Mauricio Pochettino’s side will be confident, the crowd will be expectant and there will be greater belief among the players. But Arsenal put in their best away performance in five years against Manchester City at the Etihad — they were happy to concede possession and were clinical in attack. I think they will go into the game with a better balance and if there’s any naivety in Tottenham’s play, Arsenal will punish them. It’s the Merseyside derby as well this weekend and another of my old sides, Everton, got a vital win last week. There might be some momentum from that while Liverpool had a tricky game against Bolton and will have less time to prepare. For people to question Roberto Martinez’s position is ridiculous. He just needs to be more consistent. And there’s no better place to make a mark than in a derby game.
highlights: Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere needs to be educated on his behaviour . Wojciech Szczesny has lost his place in team because of smoking issue . Wilshere should know that footballers need to be squeaky clean . Tottenham will go into north London derby thinking they are equals .
id: 16f3dc846177b5ea14d6eb10ae158378ae9098d7
chatgpt: Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere is currently in the eye of the storm due to his behaviour, and needs to be educated about his actions. The footballer is no stranger to controversy, and his recent behaviour is causing concern among the Arsenal coaching staff. Wilshere, who has been struggling for form in recent months, was pictured out with friends at a London nightspot earlier this week, and was seen smoking. This has angered the Arsenal hierarchy, who have made it clear that the use of tobacco is not acceptable for professional athletes. It is not the first time that Wilshere has courted controversy off the field, and the midfielder needs to realise that his actions have consequences. He needs to understand that footballers need to be role models, and should behave in a manner that reflects positively on their clubs and themselves. In a similar vein, Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny has lost his place in the team due to his own smoking issue. The Polish international was caught smoking in the showers after a match, and Arsene Wenger made it clear that he would not accept such behaviour from his players. Szczesny's form had also been poor in recent weeks, and Wenger decided that enough was enough. The goalkeeper was dropped from the first team, and has not played since the incident. The message is clear for all Arsenal players – their behaviour off the field is just as important as their performances on it. In order to be a successful footballer, one needs to be squeaky clean and always act in a professional manner. But it's not just Arsenal players who need to be exemplary in their behaviour. Tottenham Hotspur will be going into this weekend's north London derby thinking that they are equals to their rivals. The Spurs have enjoyed a good start to the season under new manager Mauricio Pochettino, and will be hoping to cause an upset against Arsenal. But they must also remember that they are representatives of the club, and need to act accordingly. Football is not just about what happens on the pitch – it's about how players conduct themselves off it as well. In conclusion, the current issues involving Arsenal's Wilshere and Szczesny serve as a reminder to all footballers that they need to be professional both on and off the pitch. If they are careless with their behaviour, they risk damaging their reputations and the reputation of their clubs. Tottenham Hotspur's players too should take note of this and remember that they need to act responsibly, on and off the pitch, and remain good representatives of their club.