article: By . James Chapman . PUBLISHED: . 20:31 EST, 7 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:33 EST, 8 January 2013 . Drivers living in remote rural areas could receive a 5p a litre discount on the price they pay for petrol. The mid-term review suggested ministers want to extend a scheme to cut fuel duty in areas which have been worst hit by prices hitting £1.40 a litre or more. Treasury Chief Secretary Danny Alexander has already introduced a 5p fuel duty discount in the Inner and Outer Hebrides, the Northern Isles, and the Isles of Scilly. Countryside: Drivers living in remote rural areas could receive a 5p a litre discount on the price of petrol . But the mid-term review revealed the Government is to consider extending it to remote mainland areas, too, such as Cornwall, the Scottish Highlands and North Wales. ‘We will consider the case for extending the rural fuel discount scheme to remote mainland communities,’ the document said. A fuel duty discount can be introduced only if the Government can persuade the European Commission that it would not breach competition laws. Precedents have been set by the French island of Corsica and Portuguese and Greek islands, which already enjoy fuel tax discounts approved by Brussels. A Government source said: ‘The precedents are there in Greece and elsewhere. For the areas affected by these very high prices, it will be a significant cut.’ Another flagship transport policy signalled in the review, however, is causing significant splits within the Government. Helping hand: Treasury Chief Secretary Danny Alexander has already introduced a 5p fuel duty discount in the Inner and Outer Hebrides, the Northern Isles, and the Isles of Scilly . The Coalition document mentioned only forthcoming plans for ‘long-term investment in Britain’s transport infrastructure’. David Cameron is keen on plans to encourage private sector investment in the roads network by allowing them to charge tolls in return for building and running new motorways, trunk roads and lanes. Drivers who use motorways and trunk roads could also pay a higher level of road duty, while those who stick to B-roads and single-lane A-roads would get a cut. However, the Liberal Democrats – and Tory ministers in the Department for Transport – are understood to be cool on the proposal, arguing motorists are unlikely to welcome the idea of new tolls and charges. A senior Government source admitted it was unlikely that significant progress would be made before the next election in 2015. ‘Have you seen how long it takes to build a new road in this country?’ the source said.
highlights: Mid-term review suggests ministers want to extend scheme to cut fuel duty . 5p fuel duty discount already introduced in Northern Isles and Isles of Scilly . Precedents already set by French island of Corsica and Portuguese islands .
id: ba155bf7547ca6d9ed1d4d7c20a8c37f1158f164
chatgpt: The UK government may be considering extending a scheme to cut fuel duty, according to a mid-term review. The review revealed that ministers are keen to explore options for extending the scheme, which already sees a 5p fuel duty discount applied in the Northern Isles and Isles of Scilly. The scheme was introduced in 2018 in order to help with the high cost of fuel faced by remote communities. At the time, it was hoped that the discount would reduce living costs and help to support local economies. So far, the scheme has been successful, helping to keep prices down and ensuring that businesses and residents in these areas can continue to operate. According to the mid-term review, ministers are also considering the possibility of extending the scheme to other remote areas of the UK. It is thought that this could provide a much-needed boost for rural communities across the country, particularly those that are heavily reliant on cars and other vehicles for transport. Recent precedents have been set by other island communities across Europe. The French island of Corsica, for instance, has seen significant reductions in fuel duty in recent years. And in Portugal, various islands have benefited from discounted fuel prices as part of national programs to reduce the cost of living in remote areas. While it remains to be seen exactly how the UK scheme will be extended, there are already voices calling for action. One of those is the Campaign to Cut Rural Fuel Taxes, which has been advocating for lower fuel prices in remote areas for years. The group claims that high fuel prices are leading to serious economic and social problems in parts of the UK, and that a reduction in duty could go a long way towards solving these issues. However, there are also concerns that extending the scheme could lead to higher prices in other areas of the country. Some critics argue that any reduction in duty should be accompanied by efforts to improve public transport and reduce reliance on cars overall. For now, though, the focus seems to be on exploring the possibilities for extending the fuel duty discount. With rural communities across the UK facing a range of challenges, from isolation to economic difficulties, any measures that can help to support them are likely to be welcomed by many. Whether the scheme is ultimately extended, and if so how, remains to be seen. But the signs indicate that ministers are taking the issue seriously and are keen to explore all options.