article: (CNN) -- A professor who compared some victims of the al Qaeda attack on the World Trade Center to Nazis was fired Tuesday by the University of Colorado's Board of Regents. Professor Ward Churchill wrote that some 9/11 victims were "little Eichmanns." Ward Churchill raised hackles with a 2002 essay that argued the September 11, 2001, attacks were a justified reaction to U.S. policies in the Middle East, and said the hijackers who killed nearly 3,000 people in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania had "the courage of their convictions." But the regents said Churchill's firing was unrelated to the essay, which went largely unnoticed for three years. Instead, it cited "deliberate and repeated research misconduct." A university investigation had found cases of plagiarism and falsification in previous papers by Churchill -- allegations that surfaced after his essay became widely known. "The Board of Regents affirms that its decisions in this matter have been made solely on the basis of the allegations of research misconduct against Professor Churchill and have not been influenced or motivated by extrinsic considerations, Professor Churchill's political and social views or a desire to punish Professor Churchill for expression of his political or social views," the university announced. CU interim Chancellor Phil DiStefano recommended Churchill's dismissal in June 2006 after a university committee completed its investigation. Churchill's essay drew little notice until a 1,800-student college in upstate New York invited him to take part in a 2005 forum on prisons and Native American rights. The invitation was rescinded after criticism from then-New York Gov. George Pataki, then-Colorado Gov. Bill Owens and hundreds of relatives of those killed in the attacks created a media firestorm. The piece had called some of those who died in the World Trade Center "little Eichmanns" -- a reference to Adolf Eichmann, the Gestapo officer who was one of the chief architects of the Holocaust -- arguing they were "a technocratic corps at the very heart of America's global financial empire." Churchill, who had tenure, stepped down from his post as head of CU's ethnic studies department amid the flap but remained on staff. He had no immediate reaction to Tuesday's decision. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Ward Churchill said 9/11 attacks were justified reaction to U.S. Mideast policies . University of Colorado says 9/11 essay not reason he was fired . Dismissal due to plagiarism, falsification in other papers, university says .
id: b6f63616e69f57fe43d0f4181343c229228fb1a2
chatgpt: Former University of Colorado professor Ward Churchill became a controversial figure in 2005 when his essay claiming that the 9/11 terror attacks were a justified response to US Middle East policies was brought to light. But Churchill's assertion that his firing from the university was based solely on his 9/11 comments has been dismissed by officials, who say that the professor was dismissed for other reasons. The University of Colorado's Board of Regents voted in July 2007 to terminate Churchill's employment, citing academic misconduct, including plagiarism and the falsification of research results. The termination came after an investigation, which was sparked by the public outcry over Churchill's 9/11 essay. Despite claims from Churchill, who said that he was being punished for his right to free speech, the university has maintained that academic integrity was the driving force behind Churchill's dismissal. In a statement, the university said that "Professor Churchill's termination was based upon findings of research misconduct and not in any way related to his comments about the 9/11 attacks." Churchill had earlier claimed that he was being targeted by the university for his comments on the attacks and that his academic work was not being judged on its merit. However, the investigation revealed that Churchill had plagiarized several sources in his work and that his research was not original. The university concluded that he had breached academic standards and as a result, he was dismissed. Churchill had been a professor of Ethnic Studies at the university since 1990 and had previously been noted for his research on Native American issues. Despite the controversy surrounding Churchill's dismissal, the university has maintained that the decision was based purely on his academic conduct and that he had violated the university's research policies. In a statement, the university said that "the findings speak for themselves and show the importance of academic integrity." Churchill's dismissal sparked debate among academics and other commentators about the relationship between academic freedom, free speech, and academic misconduct. While some academics defended Churchill's right to express his views, others argued that academic integrity was more important than the right to free speech. In the end, the University of Colorado's decision to dismiss Churchill was a reminder of the critical importance of academic integrity in the pursuit of knowledge, and the need for all researchers to abide by the standards of academic conduct.