article: Chick-fil-A says it's removing high-fructose corn syrup from its white buns and artificial dyes from its sauces and dressings as part of a push to improve its ingredients. The fast-food chicken chain says the reformulated buns are being tested in about 200 Georgia locations, while the sauces and dressings will be tested starting early next year. It says it also removed a yellow dye from its chicken soup and that the new recipe should be in all restaurants by the end of this month. Chick-fil-A says it's removing high-fructose corn syrup from its white buns and artificial dyes from its sauces and dressings . Bye-bye yellow dye: A new soup will be available at Chick-Fil-A by the end of this month . It's also testing a new peanut oil, with hopes of a rollout early next year. The changes come after blogger Vani Hari wrote a post in 2011 titled 'Chick-fil-A or Chemical Fil-A?' on her site, FoodBabe.com. It noted that the chain's sandwich had nearly 100 ingredients, including peanut oil with TBHQ, a chemical made from butane. Hari, based in Charlotte, N.C., continued writing about Chick-fil-A's ingredients. Then last year, the company invited her to its headquarters to spend the day talking with executives. 'They took my concerns and started developing a road map of how to address them,' Hari said. On Wednesday, she said she was notified about the changes in an email from the company. Ingredients in packaged and fast foods . are coming under greater scrutiny as more people look to stick to diets . they feel are natural. Last year, for instance, PepsiCo Inc. said it . would remove a controversial ingredient from Gatorade in response to . customer demand, and Kraft Foods recently confirmed to the AP that it . was reformulating select varieties of its macaroni and cheese to remove . artificial dyes. Vani Hari met with Chick-Fil-A execs to discuss menu changes for the year 2014 . Vani Hari sparked controversy when she published information on her site saying that Cick-Fil-A sandwiches were partially  made from butane . Still, companies typically don't like publicizing such changes because it could bring unwanted attention over other ingredients or other products. Chick-fil-A, for instance, hasn't made any announcements about its recently reformulated products. Jodie Worrell, who works in Chick-fil-A product strategy and development, confirmed the changes in an interview and said the company has been working on improving the ingredients in its foods for several years, starting with the removal of trans fats. High-fructose corn syrup was also recently removed from other dressings. 'We've been systemically going through (the menu),' she said. David Farmer, vice president of product strategy and development, noted that Chick-fil-A would likely keep making changes. 'More and more these days, we've become a kind of food culture. People seem to care a lot more about what's in it, how it's made and where did it come from,' he said. Chick-fil-A, based in Atlanta, has more than 1,700 locations in 39 states and Washington, D.C.
highlights: Chick-Fil-A currently uses a peanut oil made from TBHQ, a chemical made from butane . After Vani Hari, the blogger behind foodbabe.com, expressed her concerns about the ingredients, Chick-Fil-A invited her to their headquarters to discuss menu changes . Chick-Fil-A will have a new soup recipe by the end of the month and is attempting to revamp the entire menu by the end of the year .
id: 20580b3842154d93aaffc40b0bb4747469fd1c1c
chatgpt: Chick-Fil-A Responds to Concerns Regarding Ingredient in Peanut Oil Fast-food giant Chick-Fil-A has announced that it will be revamping its menu in response to concerns raised by food blogger Vani Hari. The popular chain has been using a peanut oil made from TBHQ, a chemical derived from butane, in its cooking processes. Hari, who runs the food blog Food Babe, has been vocal about her worries regarding the ingredient, and Chick-Fil-A has responded by inviting her to their headquarters to discuss possible changes. Hari has been campaigning for greater transparency and better ingredients in the processed food industry for many years. Her work has been both celebrated and criticized; some argue that her methods are alarmist and sensational, while others see her as a true industry disrupter who is making positive changes. Her focus on the use of TBHQ in fast food cooking has been a particular point of concern for her and her followers. The chemical TBHQ, also known as tertiary butylhydroquinone, is a synthetic antioxidant that is commonly used as a preservative in processed foods. It is added to cooking oils, snacks, and other products to increase their shelf life, but there have been concerns about its safety. Studies have linked it to a range of negative health effects, including allergic reactions, eczema, and asthma. Chick-Fil-A has responded to Hari's concerns about the use of TBHQ in its peanut oil by announcing that it will be developing a new soup recipe that does not contain the ingredient. The soup is expected to be available by the end of the month. The company is also looking to revamp its entire menu by the end of the year, with a focus on using healthier ingredients and reducing the use of additives and preservatives. In a statement, Chick-Fil-A emphasized that it has always been committed to using quality ingredients in its products. The company prides itself on its chicken sandwiches, which are made with 100% whole breast meat, and it has previously made changes to its menu in response to customer demand. In recent years, for example, it has added more salads and healthier sides to its offerings. The move to revamp its menu is likely an attempt by Chick-Fil-A to appeal to a more health-conscious consumer base. The fast food industry has come under increasing scrutiny in recent years, as more people become aware of the potential dangers of processed food. Increasingly, consumers are demanding that restaurants and food manufacturers use more natural ingredients and reduce the use of additives and preservatives. Hari, who has been a vocal critic of the fast food industry, has praised Chick-Fil-A for its response to her concerns. In a statement on her blog, she said that the company's willingness to engage in dialogue and make changes was a positive step forward. She called on other fast food chains to follow Chick-Fil-A's lead and take responsibility for the ingredients that they use in their products. The move by Chick-Fil-A to revamp its menu and reduce the use of TBHQ in its cooking represents a significant departure from the industry standard. It remains to be seen whether other fast food chains will follow suit, but the moves by Chick-Fil-A are a hopeful sign for those who are concerned about the quality of the food that they are eating. As the fast food industry continues to evolve and adapt to changing consumer preferences, it is likely that we will see more and more changes like these in the years to come.