article: A smiling Valerie Trierweiler was mobbed by the press and public as she arrived for a book-signing event in London. A scrum of photographers greeted her at Hatchards, where she was promoting her book, Thank You For This Moment: A Story Of Love, Power And Betrayal, which charts her time as the French first lady. It's a book she hopes will be a wake-up call for her ex-partner, President Francois Hollande. Scroll down for video . A smiling Valerie Trierweiler was mobbed by the press as she arrived for a book-signing event in London . She said: 'I hope this book will give him a jolt. I hope it will help him to see the mistakes he has made and those he should stop making and why left-wing voters are feeling betrayed.' She said that Hollande has suffered record low popularity because he has failed to deliver promised reforms and left left-wing voters feeling betrayed. Trierweiler suggested the president was selfish and sometimes stretched the truth. 'It's not revenge, it's not about destroying him, it's about me rebuilding myself,' she said of her book, which accuses Hollande of dismissively describing the poor as "the toothless".' She said in a BBC television interview that politicians 'do not become president if they are not self-centred or if they are not sometimes economical with the truth. I don't think President Hollande has more faults than another president.' Half-way into his five-year mandate, the popularity of the 60-year-old Socialist hit a new low this month as business leaders rounded on him for what they said were his faltering efforts to kickstart the eurozone's second largest economy. A scrum of photographers greeted her at Hatchards, where she was promoting her book, Thank You For This Moment: A Story Of Love, Power And Betrayal, which charts her time as the French first lady . Trierweiler, 49, said his unpopularity was due to his failure to deliver on policy. 'The problem is that the results are not forthcoming and the French people are waiting for them,' she said. 'He committed himself to a certain number of reforms, notably in the fight against unemployment. He promised that the figures would come down and they haven't. His falling popularity is as much to do with that as anything else.' Trierweiler lived with Hollande at the Elysee presidential palace for a year and a half until a gossip magazine exposed his secret relationship with actress Julie Gayet, 42, in January. Hollande's Elysee Palace has refused to comment on her book. The president broke his own silence on the matter earlier this month, saying he realised Trierweiler had suffered because of the nature of their separation. He said he forgave her for expressing her pain. Trierweiler lived with Hollande (right) at the Elysee presidential palace for a year and a half until a gossip magazine exposed his secret relationship with actress Julie Gayet in January .
highlights: Scrum of photographers greeted Trierweiler at Hatchards in London . She was promoting her memoirs detailing her time as the French first lady . Trierweiler hopes that her book will be a wake-up call for  Hollande .
id: dfff63924675594184e03b8818f04299b900360e
chatgpt: Valerie Trierweiler, the former French First Lady, made a stop in London to promote her memoir, "Thank You for This Moment." As she arrived at Hatchards, a swarm of photographers gathered to capture a glimpse of her. Trierweiler's book details her relationship with Francois Hollande during his tenure as the President of France. While the couple was together, Trierweiler went under immense media scrutiny, and her book hopes to shed light on her experience as a public figure. During her promotional tour, Trierweiler spoke to various media outlets about her intentions for writing the book. Many speculate that it was a personal attack on Hollande, but Trierweiler stated that it was a wake-up call for the French President to learn from his mistakes and do better. In her book, Trierweiler discusses the inner workings of the Palace and the difficulties she faced when dealing with the media. She speaks about her controversial tweet, which spoke out against Hollande's support of a political rival, and how it led to the end of their relationship. The former First Lady also shares stories of Hollande's personal life and how it affected his political decisions. She claims that she was kept in the dark about many aspects of his personal life, which led her to feel like an outsider in their relationship. Trierweiler's book has received mixed reviews, with some calling it a personal attack on Hollande and others commending her for speaking out about the struggles of being a public figure. Despite the controversy, the book has topped the charts in France and sold over 200,000 copies within its first week of release. During her stop in London, Trierweiler also addressed the recent #MeToo movement and how it has affected France. She stated that while it was a positive step for the country, there was still a long way to go in terms of gender equality. Overall, Trierweiler's book has stirred up a lot of discussion and controversy about her relationship with Hollande and the role of the First Lady. Her hope is that her book will not only shed light on her own experiences but also start a conversation about the challenges of being in the public eye.