article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:58 EST, 15 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:44 EST, 15 November 2013 . This was the heartwarming moment a Navy sailor arrived home after nine months at sea to meet his baby daughter for the first time. Petty Officer 2nd Class Marcus Harris had been away serving on guided missile destroyer USS Barry since February 7, leaving his pregnant wife at home. And when the Barry returned to port in Norfolk, VA, his little girl was waiting to meet him. Daddy's girl: U.S. Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Marcus Harris meets his baby daughter for the first time after arriving home following nine months at sea . The photo released by the Department of Defence shows a woman carrying a sign reading: 'I've waited all my life to meet you Daddy.' Petty Officer Harris is a cryptologic technician, according to the DOD. The Barry was involved in Nato exercises in the eastern Mediterranean working with ships and aircraft from nine different NATO countries on submarine detection and prosecution. She then supported of the U.S. 6th Fleet commander and participated in training scenarios for Tomahawk missiles. Voyage: The guided missile destroyer sets off on her nine month mission in February . Homecoming: Sailors from the USS Barry greet their loved ones after arriving back in Norfolk, VA, after nine months at sea . She made port in Italy, Greece and Israel, where the crew was able to visit Rome's Coliseum and Vatican, Jerusalem's Old City and Wailing Wall, and Athens' Parthenon. The ship and her crew also visited the Greek islands of Crete, Rhodes, and Corfu. 'It was an incredible experience visiting these places,' said Seaman Remigio Vallin. '[It's] one thing to see these places from afar, but when you can reach out touch them; I never thought it could be this beautiful.'
highlights: Petty Officer 2nd Class Marcus Harris had been away on Guided missile destroyer USS Barry since February 7 .
id: abee5f884b4d46636391e74d6cc6a5216ee9fec2
chatgpt: Petty Officer 2nd Class Marcus Harris, a sailor on the USS Barry, has returned home after being away for several months. Harris had been on the guided missile destroyer since February 7th and was glad to be reunited with his family. Harris had been serving in the Mediterranean Sea where the USS Barry participated in several multinational exercises and missions. The crew also conducted maritime security operations and supported operations in the North Atlantic. During his deployment, Harris kept in touch with his family through video chat and email, but nothing compares to being in person. He expressed how happy he was to be back home and reunited with his wife and children. The USS Barry is an Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer and has been in service with the United States Navy since 1992. The destroyer is 505 feet long and has a crew of over 300 sailors. It has been deployed several times in support of operations in the past, including the Gulf War and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Deployments can be difficult for service members and their families, but it is necessary for their readiness and to support national security objectives. The USS Barry's deployment is part of an ongoing effort by the U.S. Navy to maintain a forward presence around the world and work closely with its allies. Petty Officer 2nd Class Harris is just one of many sailors who have deployed overseas to protect our country and promote peace and stability around the world. The Navy's commitment to protecting U.S. interests and supporting global security remains strong, and the USS Barry's successful deployment is a testament to that commitment. As Petty Officer 2nd Class Harris enjoys his well-deserved time off with his family, the USS Barry and its crew will continue their operations, safeguarding our nation's interests and helping to maintain peace and stability in the world.