article: Hull manager Steve Bruce has defended under-fire Wigan chairman Dave Whelan, insisting he is not a racist. Whelan has been accused of making anti-Semitic comments as well as claiming there was 'nothing bad' in calling a Chinese person a 'chink' during an interview with the Guardian. That comes on the back of his controversial appointment of Malky Mackay as Latics manager at a time when the former Cardiff boss is under investigation by the Football Association for allegedly exchanging discriminatory texts with then colleague Iain Moody. Malky Mackay was appointed Wigan boss this week, despite the text and email scandal . Whelan has come under fire and has faced accusations of being racist in some quarters . Whelan, 77, has since apologised for causing offence and Bruce, who managed Wigan on two occasions under Whelan's watch, is willing to stand as a character witness. 'Maybe sitting on the fence might be the easiest thing to do but I've worked under Dave Whelan twice - I know him very, very well,' said Bruce. 'There's no racism in him at all. Sometimes words can be said which can be misplaced, they can be out there in the public domain, but certainly when I've worked with him there's been no sign of racism. But Hull boss Steve Bruce has defended Whelan and insisted that he is not a racist . 'He is without question one of the best chairmen I've worked for. What you see is what you get.' Bruce also described appointing Mackay as Uwe Rosler's replacement prior to the FA verdict as a 'brave' call. 'It's a big brave decision by him,' added Bruce. 'But he thinks that's the best thing for his football club. Being Dave he'll be single-minded enough to see that through.'
highlights: Steve Bruce defends under-fire Wigan chairman Dave Whelan . The Hull boss insists that his former employer is not a racist . Whelan controversially appointed Malky Mackay as Latics manager . Wigan chairman Whelan defended Mackay's controversial references to Jews and Chinese people . Mackay is being investigated over allegedly exchanging racist, sexist and homophobic texts with Iain Moody .
id: 8b5ba48b07b17177a335414d90e3f20c7d4b76f4
chatgpt: Hull City boss Steve Bruce has come to the defense of Wigan Athletic chairman Dave Whelan, amid the ongoing controversy surrounding his decision to appoint Malky Mackay as Latics manager. Whelan drew criticism after it emerged that Mackay had exchanged allegedly racist, sexist, and homophobic texts with his former colleague, Iain Moody. However, in an interview with BBC Radio 5 live, Bruce claimed that Whelan is not a racist himself and that he has been unfairly targeted by the media. "I worked for Dave Whelan for two and a half years and he's not a racist, I can assure you of that," Bruce stated. "He's made an unfortunate comment which people have jumped all over. But having worked for him, I can say he's not a racist. He's done so much for Wigan over the years and now this has overshadowed everything." The comment Bruce was referring to took place during an interview Whelan gave to The Guardian, in which he defended Mackay's controversial references to Jews and Chinese people. "I think Jewish people do chase money more than everybody else," said Mackay in a text message to Moody, while in another message he referred to the Cardiff City owner, Vincent Tan, as a "chink." In response to the controversy, Whelan claimed that Mackay's comments were merely a case of "banter" and not intended to be racist. Whelan has since apologized for any offense caused by his comments, but continues to stand by Mackay's appointment. "Malky has made mistakes, he knows that," Whelan said. "But he's a good man and a good football manager. He deserves another chance and that's what we're giving him." Meanwhile, the Football Association is investigating the text message exchanges between Mackay and Moody, who was once the head of recruitment for Cardiff City.