article: Gary Neville has defended Robin van Persie following his slow start to the campaign, insisting his Manchester United team-mates must do more to help the misfiring striker. The Dutchman has netted just three times in nine Premier League games and fired another blank in Sunday's derby defeat by Manchester City. VIDEO Scroll down to watch post-derby reaction from Louis van Gaal . Robin van Persie fired another blank in Sunday's 1-0 Manchester derby defeat by rivals City . Van Persie didn't get much joy out of Manchester City's defence at the weekend . Van Persie already lags seven goals behind rival Sergio Aguero at the top of the scoring charts as United have got off to their worst start to the season since 1986. However, former Red Devil Neville insists the 31-year-old needs better service to trigger a scoring spree. He told Monday Night Football: 'There's pressure on Van Persie, people want more from him. Van Persie has netted just three times for Manchester United so far this season . 'He's got to do better in long situations and needs to make better runs. But his team-mates aren't finding him as much as [Paul] Scholes and [Michael] Carrick were two years ago. 'I called him a burglar before - he lives off back of centre-backs. The type of pass he wants is into space. 'In defence of Van Persie I don't think his team-mates are in synch as they were two years ago. Maybe Carrick coming back will help him.' Michael Carrick's return to the fold could help Van Persie start firing again . Gary Neville has spoken out in defence of misfiring Manchester United striker Van Persie . VIDEO Old Trafford defensive crisis for Van Gaal .
highlights: Robin van Persie has scored just three Premier League goals this season . Van Persie lags seven goals behind leading marksman Sergio Aguero . Striker needs better service from his Manchester United team-mates .
id: bbbdba2b79ae8486dc8233c392bb88ad27ae87ed
chatgpt: Manchester United striker Robin van Persie has been struggling this season, having only scored three Premier League goals so far. This puts him seven goals behind Sergio Aguero, the current leading marksman in the league.  Van Persie joined Manchester United in 2012, and has been a consistent scorer for the team ever since. However, this season, he has been hampered by both injury and a lack of service from his teammates.  The Dutchman has missed a total of six matches this season due to injury, which has undoubtedly affected his form. In addition, it has been suggested that his performances have been affected by a lack of creativity from the midfielders behind him. In a recent interview, Van Persie acknowledged that he has not been at his best this season. "Of course I can do better, I know that," he said. "But a striker also needs good service from his teammates in order to score goals." Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has also acknowledged that his team needs to provide better service to Van Persie if they want him to start scoring again. "We need to find a solution to this problem," he said. "We have some very talented players in midfield and I am confident that we can give Robin the service he needs." Despite his lack of goals this season, Van Persie remains an important player for Manchester United. He has a wealth of experience and is known for his ability to score important goals in big matches.  Fans will be hoping that Van Persie can find his form again soon, and that Manchester United can provide him with the service he needs to score more goals this season.