article: How the Manchester United legend turned his back on football to preach about Islamophobia... and star in soft porn films . There have been many moments of controversy and drama in the Premier League over the last two decades, but Eric Cantona's kung-fu kick remains as one of the most astonishing incidents ever seen in English football. The Manchester United striker was given an eight-month ban after fly-kicking a spectator at Selhurst Park having just been dismissed. Jonathan Pearce was commentating for Capital Gold Sport in London that night, and his animated reaction, almost in disbelief, summed up the thoughts on everybody's mind who had seen the incident. After Cantona was sent off, Pearce said: 'The mad side of genius. Cantona is dismissed! Can there be a place in the game for a man with such extravagant talent and such wicked temperament? A man who has quite rightly been dismissed. A man who has now…' Eric Cantona launches a a kung-fu kick at Crystal Palace supporter Matthew Simmons in 1995 . Jonathan Pearce was commentating on the game at Selhurst Park for Capital Gold Sport in London . The French forward flies into the crowd, hitting target Matthew Simmons and the woman next to him . Cantona reacted angrily to abuse from a Palace fan after he was sent off during the match at Selhurst Park . Pearce then interrupted his own sentence after watching Cantona fly-kick Crystal Palace supporter Matthew Simmons. 'OH MY GOODNESS ME,' Pearce shouted. 'He just kicked… He’s punched a fan! Eric Cantona has jumped in and scissor-kung-fu-kicked a fan! 'I have never seen as disgraceful an incident as that in all my years in football. Eric Cantona should be thrown out of the game for that sort of incident. Stewards attempt to restrain the forward after his assault on the Palace supporter . The French forward was found guilty of assault at Croydon Magistrates Court as a result of the incident . He was banned from English football by the FA for eight months and ordered to carry out community service . 'I care not one jot about his supreme talent. He launched himself six feet into the crowd and kung-fu kicked a supporter who was, without a shadow of doubt, giving him stick.' Pearce began his broadcasting career with BBC Radio Bristol before moving to London and joining Capital Radio. He later went on to work for BBC Five Live and Match of the Day. The 55-year-old from Hassocks in Sussex is also notorious for having been the lead commentator on BBC's Robot Wars series, but his Cantona commentary will live long in the memory.
highlights: Eric Cantona kung-fu kicked a Crystal Palace fan 20 years ago . He was banned from English football for eight months . The Manchester United legend was also made to do community service . Jonathan Pearce was commentating for Capital Gold Sport in London . Pearce said he had 'never seen as disgraceful an incident as that in all my years in football'
id: 76fab694ffa29c16a8c47064df166c1bd836f274
chatgpt: It has been two decades since the infamous kung-fu kick by Eric Cantona on a Crystal Palace fan during a match at Selhurst Park, and the incident still resonates within English football. Cantona, who was playing for Manchester United at the time, had just been red-carded when he suddenly jumped into the stands and landed a kung-fu kick on a Palace supporter, before being restrained by security officials. The incident, which happened on January 25th, 1995, shocked the football world, and Cantona was swiftly banned for eight months by the Football Association (FA), and was also ordered to do community service. The Manchester United legend was widely condemned for his actions, with many expressing disbelief at what had just occurred. Among them was Capital Gold Sport commentator Jonathan Pearce, who was on hand to witness the ugly scene unfold. Pearce, who was reporting on the match live from London, called the incident "disgraceful," and added that he had "never seen as disgraceful an incident as that in all my years in football." The fallout from the incident was significant, both for Cantona personally, and for English football as a whole. The Frenchman was stripped of his captaincy, fined £20,000, and was even left out of the national team for the 1998 World Cup. Meanwhile, the FA launched a review into the incident, with many calling for greater security measures to be put in place at football grounds across the country. Two decades on, and the incident continues to be remembered as one of the most shocking moments in English football history. Cantona, who would eventually return to play for Manchester United after his ban, has since spoken about his regret at the incident, and has expressed remorse for his actions. In a 2015 interview with The Guardian, Cantona spoke candidly about the incident, saying: "You have to be aware of your emotions, you have to control your emotions, that's how I see it now…I shouldn't have done that, but I did, so I have to accept it." Reflecting on the impact of the incident, Pearce said in a recent interview that he still felt the same way about it as he did 20 years ago. "It was a horrible, shocking moment in football," he said. "But hopefully we've learned from it, and things like that will never happen again." The kung-fu kick may have happened 20 years ago, but it remains an indelible part of English football history. Cantona's actions may have been condemned at the time, but his legacy as a Manchester United legend endures, even as the football world looks back on the incident with a mix of shock and disbelief.