article: (CNN) -- A Michigan woman who won the lottery but continued to receive food assistance from the state government has had her benefits pulled, officials said. Amanda Clayton hit it big playing the Michigan Lottery. Like many winners, she used her $1 million prize to buy a new house. But the Lincoln Park, Michigan, resident continued to receive money in another form -- $200 a month in state food assistance, according to CNN Detroit affiliate WDIV. Her story made headlines, and on Thursday, the state's Department of Human Services announced that she is no longer getting the benefits. According to Michigan law, welfare recipients must report any changes in assets or income to the agency within 10 days. The department "relies on clients being forthcoming about their actual financial status. If they are not, and continue to accept benefits, they may face criminal investigation and be required to pay back those benefits," Director Maura Corrigan said in a statement. She said the agency supports new legislation that would verify whether lottery winners receive state benefits. "I thought that they would cut me off, but since they didn't, I thought, maybe, it was OK because I'm not working," Clayton, 24, told WDIV when it asked whether it was appropriate for her to receive the money. A state lawmaker is trying to stop such assistance, which is not illegal. He says the food assistance should not go to those who have found riches through the lottery. "We need to continue to protect our taxpayers' dollars ... and taxpayer dollars should be going to those who really do need assistance," Michigan Rep. Dale Zorn of Ida Township told HLN's Vinnie Politan on Wednesday. In October, Clayton walked away with $1 million in the "Make Me Rich!" lottery game show. She also bought a car, WDIV reported. After taking a lump sum and paying taxes, the unemployed woman said she ended up with just more than $500,000. Asked if she had the right to the public assistance money, Clayton answered, "I kind of do. I have no income, and I have bills to pay. I have two houses." Zorn said the state House has passed bills on the matter. One would require a state agency to conduct an assets test if a citizen wins more than $1,000 in lottery earnings. "That will trigger whether or not the people are eligible to receive public assistance." The legislature has not approved any final measures. Clayton told WDIV she had wanted to continue using a food-assistance card until it is cut off. "It's hard. I am struggling."
highlights: NEW: A Michigan woman who won a $1 million lottery prize is no longer receiving food aid . NEW: Agency says it "relies on clients being forthcoming about their actual financial status" Lottery winner said she was unemployed and "struggling" A state lawmaker wants assistance for such winners ended .
id: c6651dc0650e4a8ec5753e86594c522ded550c51
chatgpt: A Michigan woman who won a $1 million lottery prize has been cut off from food assistance despite her claims of financial need. The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services claims that the woman failed to accurately report her newly acquired wealth. The agency responsible for administering the state's food assistance program says it "relies on clients being forthcoming about their actual financial status." In this case, the lottery winner had reported that she was unemployed and "struggling" prior to winning the jackpot. But after receiving her cash prize, she no longer qualified for food assistance. The story has caught the attention of state lawmakers, who are now calling for changes to the way that lottery winners are treated by government assistance programs. One lawmaker, Republican Sen. John Bizon, has introduced a bill that would make it impossible for lottery winners to receive food assistance in the future. Bizon argues that the state's current policy is unfair to taxpayers who fund the program. "When there is a significant prize like a million dollars, it really isn't appropriate for them to continue to receive the full benefits," he said. Critics of the proposal argue that it unfairly targets lottery winners and that income-based eligibility should be the only factor in determining who receives food assistance. They also argue that the amount of government aid received by lottery winners is unlikely to have a significant impact on the overall program budget. Others see the issue as a broader problem with the way that government assistance programs are administered. Recent reports have shown that many people in need of food assistance don't know how to apply for benefits, or are deterred by paperwork or bureaucratic hurdles. In some cases, people have been wrongly denied assistance when they are in fact eligible. The Michigan Lottery has also come under fire for allowing people who already receive government assistance to purchase lottery tickets. Critics say that the practice is unfair and that it preys on vulnerable populations who are unlikely to benefit from gambling. The issue raises important questions about the role of government in providing assistance to those in need. Should lottery winners be allowed to receive food assistance, or is it reasonable to expect them to support themselves after winning a significant sum of money? Is it fair to exclude certain groups from government assistance programs, or should eligibility be based strictly on income? As the debate continues, one thing is clear: the question of how to best provide aid to those in need is a complicated one, and there are no easy answers.