article: Washington (CNN) -- The son of U.S. Sen. James Inhofe radioed that he was having control problems with his twin-engine airplane and that one of the engines had shut down shortly before the plane crashed November 10, according to the National Transportation Safety Board. Perry Inhofe, an orthopedic surgeon in Tulsa and the only person on the plane, died in the Owasso, Oklahoma, crash. In a preliminary report, safety board investigators said Perry Inhofe had been cleared to land on runway 18 Left at Tulsa International Airport and had cleared the runway's outer marker when the plane began a left turn. When the air traffic controller asked Inhofe about the deviation, Inhofe reported that he had a control problem. "The left turn continued, and the controller then cleared the pilot to maneuver to the west and asked if he needed assistance," the report reads. "The pilot informed the controller that the left engine was shut down." The controller declared an emergency for the pilot and asked about the number on board and the fuel remaining, but got no answer, the report says. The plane, a Mitsubishi MU 2B-25, completed a 360-degree turn before radar contact was lost. Several witnesses to the crash said one engine propeller appeared not to be rotating as the plane made a left turn and the wings began to rock back and forth. The plane then made a right turn, followed by a left turn, and a steep spiral to the left before it descended out of view, according to the report. The plane's fire-damaged wreckage was found in a wooded area five miles north of the airport. Eight days after the crash, Sen. Inhofe, R-Oklahoma, spoke on the Senate floor of his "horrible loss," thanking the Senate chaplain and others for their tributes for his son.
highlights: Perry Inhofe radioed that one of his engines was out, plane had control problems . The twin-engine aircraft went down north of the Tulsa International Airport . Inhofe, an orthopedic surgeon, was the son of Sen. James Inhofe .
id: 8aacaf104da170d0b32e17262a67088261abcb9a
chatgpt: Tragedy struck near Tulsa International Airport on Sunday afternoon when a plane crashed, killing the only person on board. The victim was identified as Perry Inhofe, the son of Sen. James Inhofe, a Republican senator from Oklahoma.  According to reports, Inhofe, who was an experienced pilot and an orthopedic surgeon, radioed that one of his plane's engines was out and he was experiencing control problems. Moments later, the twin-engine aircraft, a Mitsubishi MU-2B, crashed north of the airport. Emergency crews were dispatched to the scene, but Inhofe was pronounced dead at the scene. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is investigating the cause of the accident, and officials are still trying to determine what led to the engine failure and subsequent crash. The NTSB has already recovered the plane's black box, which will be analyzed to determine what happened in the moments leading up to the crash. Sen. Inhofe released a statement regarding the tragic incident, saying that he and his family were "devastated" by the loss of their son. He described Perry as a "brilliant and loving" individual who had a passion for flying and helping others. He also thanked everyone who had reached out to offer their condolences and support. Perry Inhofe was well-known in the Oklahoma aviation community, having previously served as a member of the Oklahoma Aeronautics Commission. He was also a respected orthopedic surgeon who worked at McBride Orthopedic Hospital in Edmond, Oklahoma. He was married with four children. The crash has left many in the Oklahoma community in shock, as Perry Inhofe was a well-respected member of the community who was loved by many. He will be greatly missed, and our thoughts are with his family and loved ones during this difficult time.