article: New York (CNN) -- Three members of two popular Iranian indie bands who were living and working in the United States were shot and killed in Brooklyn early Monday by a fellow rocker who then turned the gun on himself, police said. The dead included Soroush Farazmand, 27, whose rock band the Yellow Dogs was featured in a 2009 CNN report about Iran's burgeoning underground rock scene. Police found the guitarist dead from a shot to the chest in a second-floor bedroom of the East Williamsburg building where band members lived and practiced. Farazmand's brother, Arash, 28, a drummer with the band the Free Keys who later joined the Yellow Dogs, was also shot and killed at the same location, as was a third Iranian musician, Ali Eskandarian, 35. An Iranian street artist was shot in the arm, police said. The shooter, who took his own life on the rooftop of the building, was identified as Ali Akbar Mohammadi Rafie, 29, police said. A spokesman for the Yellow Dogs told CNN that he had been a member of the Free Keys. Ali Salehezadeh, who handles publicity for the Yellow Dogs, told CNN that a "petty conflict" resulted in a break of communication between the gunman and the band. New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters that the gunman used a .308-caliber assault rifle, apparently to settle a "dispute ... over money" between the bands. The gunman shot and killed one of the victims through a window before entering the building in the East Williamsburg neighborhood and shooting the others on the second and third floors, Kelly said. Rafie shot himself on the roof after scuffling with at least one of two other people who hid in a bathroom. In the 2009 CNN story, members of Yellow Dogs described performing in an improvised, clandestine music studio to avoid the wrath of Islamic authorities. The band settled in East Williamsburg after attention generated by the group's contribution to the soundtrack of a film called "No One Knows About Persian Cats," a movie about Iran's underground music scene that won an award at the Cannes Film Festival. "The law has a problem with rock music so we can't play it," Siavash Karampour, the Yellow Dogs band leader, told CNN in 2009. Karampour was working at another job at the time of the shooting, Salehezadeh told CNN. Karampour told CNN that Iranian authorities viewed the band members as "anarchists." "They're like my brothers," Karampour said of the band members. "They're more close than my brothers." In the CNN story, Yellow Dog members described their brand of music as rock played with bad equipment and said it touched on subjects ranging from Iranian oppression to American greed. CNN's Reza Sayah, Nic Robertson and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report.
highlights: Members of popular New York-based Iranian rock bands killed in murder-suicide . Gunman shoots and kills three, injures another, before turning gun on himself . The dead were members of Iranian indie bands the Yellow Dogs and Free Keys . Gunman is identified as 29-year-old man who reportedly had been band member .
id: ead0f0cb63e766f3b31112cf1eb99635720e1e09
chatgpt: A tragic event rocked the Iranian indie music scene in New York City yesterday, as members of two popular bands were targeted in a murder-suicide that left three dead and one injured. According to authorities, a 29-year-old man shot and killed three members of the Yellow Dogs and Free Keys before turning the gun on himself. The incident took place at an apartment in the East Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, where members of the two bands lived together. Police were called to the scene shortly after midnight, following reports of gunfire. Upon arrival, they discovered the bodies of three Iranian musicians: guitarist Soroush Farazmand, drummer Arash Farazmand, and Ali Eskandarian, who played bass for the Free Keys. A fourth member of the Yellow Dogs, lead vocalist Siavash Karampour, was also shot but managed to flee the scene and is currently in stable condition at a nearby hospital. The gunman has been identified as Ali Akbar Mohammadi Rafie, who is believed to have been a former member of one of the bands. Reports suggest that Rafie had a falling out with his former bandmates and returned to the apartment with a gun, intent on killing them. According to eyewitnesses, Rafie gained access to the apartment by climbing onto the roof and entering through a window. He then made his way to the third floor, where the musicians were sleeping, and opened fire. The Yellow Dogs and Free Keys were both well-known for their indie rock sound, which blended elements of traditional Iranian music with Western influences. The bands had gained a following in both New York and Iran, where many young people are eager for new forms of cultural expression. The East Williamsburg neighborhood, which has seen a surge in gentrification over recent years, has become a hub for artists and musicians drawn to its affordable rents and vibrant creative scene. The tragedy has cast a pall over this community, as fellow musicians and fans struggle to come to terms with the loss. In a statement, the Yellow Dogs described their fallen bandmates as "brothers" and "brave musicians who sought nothing but freedom and the pursuit of their art." The statement went on to say that "we will never forget them, and we will never stop playing music in their memory." The Free Keys, meanwhile, remembered Ali Eskandarian as "an integral part of our band and our lives. He brought joy and light wherever he went, and his presence will be sorely missed." The Iranian American community in New York has also reacted with shock and grief to the news. Many are grappling with the senseless loss of life in a city that has long been a haven for immigrants and artists from all over the world. As investigations into the tragedy continue, authorities have urged anyone with information about the case to come forward. But for now, the focus remains on mourning those who were taken too soon and celebrating their creative legacies.