article: By . Alasdair Glennie . PUBLISHED: . 20:48 EST, 18 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:37 EST, 26 February 2013 . The few BBC presenters who did make it to work yesterday found themselves running a vicious Twitter gauntlet. Dozens of militant unionists organised a ‘scabwatch’ to hurl abuse at those who chose not to strike. Lucy Hockings was targeted for doing a live piece to camera, while presenter Jon Sopel and deputy political editor James Landale were slated for reporting live on the Prime Minister’s trip to Mumbai. Even weather presenter Carol Kirkwood fell foul of the tweets. Strike action: BBC staff in Birmingham on the picket line outside BBC Birmingham in The Mailbox . Under fire: Deputy political editor James Landale, left, and even weather presenter Carol Kirkwood, right, fell foul of the tweets . The NUJ action meant viewers expecting to watch Bill Turnbull and Susanna Reid on BBC Breakfast were greeted by Gavin Grey instead. The freelance journalist presented a short news summary between repeats of daytime shows and bulletins on BBC1 at regular intervals throughout the day. A former regional ITV presenter, Mr Grey was used as a back-up newsreader in a 2010 BBC strike. This time he found himself targeted by angry unionists who subjected him to a torrent of online abuse. Peter Middleman, the north-west secretary of the Public and Commercial Services Union, wrote: ‘Only a special breed of scab would do it on live TV. Step forward Gavin Grey, grabbing 30 pieces of silver.’ Donnacha DeLong, who describes himself as an ‘anarchist, NUJ activist, freelance journalist, social media journalist and new media consultant’ added: ‘Gavin Grey – scabbing again #bbcstrike #NUJ.’ Later in the day he tweeted a direct message of support to Newsnight economics editor Paul Mason – also on the picket line – saying: ‘Solidarity forever.’ Guy Walters added: ‘Gavin Grey, the newsreader the BBC use when there’s a strike. He’s probably the only Tory in the entire corporation.’ Daniel Giblin – who describes himself online as a ‘part time freedom fighter’ – wrote: ‘Carol Kirkwood breaks the strike again! Live on tv for all to see #turnitoff.’ However, one rarely-seen presenter did surprisingly well out of the strikes. Ghanaian Komla Dumor, 40, usually presents on BBC World Service radio programmes, as well as BBC World News on TV. He received a warm welcome from UK viewers when he was drafted into the BBC News Channel. Andrew Pelling said: ‘Komla Dumor is great. Please let’s have him on @BBCNewsnight.’ Another, called Marianne, said: ‘I like this Komla Dumor newscaster on #bbcnews atm.’ A third user wrote: ‘I do enjoy all the new faces on a BBC strike day.’
highlights: Dozens of unionists organised a 'scabwatch' and abused non-strikers . Repeats replaced some shows cancelled due to the strike . The action was called by the NUJ in protest at compulsory redundancies .
id: 57c51ea03549ae01d1f984e1cbc964061ac4d631
chatgpt: Unionists who were part of the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) recently caused controversy in the UK after organising a 'scabwatch' campaign. The action was called by the NUJ in response to compulsory redundancies that have been announced in the media sector, and involved unionists monitoring and abusing non-strikers who were working to cover for their colleagues on strike. The 'scabwatch' campaign has been heavily criticised by many, including fellow journalists from across the industry. The NUJ has long been involved in ongoing disputes over cuts to jobs and budgets in the media, but many have felt that this latest move is both counterproductive and damaging to the reputation of the industry as a whole. One of the primary targets of the campaign was those who were working to replace shows that had been cancelled due to the ongoing strike action. Several news programmes and radio shows had been affected by the strike, and with further disruption expected in the coming weeks, the scabwatch action was seen by many as a particularly aggressive move. Speaking about the campaign, one unionist said that it was intended to 'shine a light' on what they felt were unfair working conditions and a lack of support from management. However, others have expressed concern that the campaign is little more than bullying and intimidation, and may ultimately damage the union's cause. There have also been concerns raised about the wider implications of the campaign for the media industry as a whole. With ongoing debates about the future of journalism, and the sustainability of traditional media outlets, many feel that this latest action will only serve to damage the perception of the industry and make it even harder for journalists to get their voices heard. Despite widespread criticism, the NUJ has defended the campaign, stating that it was necessary to draw attention to the ongoing issues facing those working in the media sector. The union has also called for greater support from the government and media organisations, as well as increased investment in training and development to help protect the future of journalism. However, with tensions already high between various unions and media organisations, it remains to be seen what the wider impact of the scabwatch campaign will be. Many are calling for cooler heads to prevail and for both sides to work together to find a way forward that benefits everyone involved. For now, however, the situation remains unresolved, with many pressing questions being raised about the future of the media industry and the role of unions in shaping that future. With so much at stake, it is clear that the issues facing journalists and media workers will continue to be a topic of significant debate and discussion in the coming weeks and months.