article: By . Harriet Hernando . An animal lover tried to help a seagull chick - but was attacked by its mother leaving her with a bloody head wound. Student Shannon Harris, 18, was dive-bombed after she went to help the young bird which had wandered onto a busy road. The adult gull swooped on Ms Harris and pecked the art student with its powerful beak in a scene straight out of Alfred Hitchcock's horror movie The Birds. Scroll down for video . Brutal: Animal lover Shannon Harris was pecked on the head by seagulls after she tried to help a chick that had wandered into the road in Aberystwyth, Wales . Locals say it is the latest in a series of seagull attacks in the seaside town of Aberystwyth, Wales. She said: 'The baby gull was in the road and a car was approaching so I tried to shoo it out of the way. 'But it started screeching and the next thing I knew I was being dive-bombed by three or four adult birds. 'One of them swooped down and pecked me on the head, while another got tangled in my hair.' Bloody: When Ms Harris was safely inside her house she realised the seagulls had drawn blood . Terrified: Ms Harris said she was shaken by the attack and would think twice before going near a bird in the future . Ms Harris, who is from Birmingham but is studying at Aberystwyth University, ran home with the ferocious gulls in pursuit. She said: 'They were swooping down on me and clipping their beaks. 'I was terrified - my hands were shaking so much I couldn’t unlock my front door.' When Ms Harris was safely inside her house she realised the extent of her injuries. She said: 'I didn’t realise at first that my head was bleeding - it was just pounding. 'But when I went up into my room and looked in the mirror I could see blood mangled in my hair. 'It is a nasty puncture wound but it was more the terror of being attacked by such a big bird that upset me. 'I should have gone to hospital but I have treated the wound with some antiseptic cream. 'I love animals and wildlife but it will teach me to keep away in future.' Locals say it is the latest in a series of seagull attacks in the seaside town of Aberystwyth, Wales .
highlights: Shannon Harris, 18, was dive-bombed by seagulls in Aberystwyth, Wales . She had gone to the rescue of a chick which had wandered into the road . Ms Harris suffered head injuries after being attacked by the fierce birds . Locals say it is the latest in a spate of attacks in the seaside town .
id: 7e5a65f90b303f67d2daf0d65b14cbb339941239
chatgpt: In a horrifying incident that has shocked the residents of Aberystwyth in Wales, 18-year-old Shannon Harris was dive-bombed repeatedly by a group of seagulls. The incident occurred when Harris, who was passing by, noticed a chick wandering onto the road. She immediately sprang into action, attempting to rescue the wayward bird. However, her act of kindness was met with an unexpected and savage response. Eyewitnesses to the incident described how the seagulls descended upon Harris with a frenzy, swooping down on her repeatedly and using their sharp beaks to attack her head. The young woman suffered several head injuries and was rushed to the hospital for urgent medical attention. Locals in the area have been left shocked by the viciousness of the seagull attack, with many voicing their concerns over the increase in these types of incidents. According to reports, Aberystwyth has seen a spate of attacks by gulls in recent times, with many residents being left traumatized by the experience. While seagull attacks are a common occurrence in many coastal towns, the frequency and viciousness of these incidents in Aberystwyth seem to be on the rise, leading to growing calls for action to be taken to control the bird population. In fact, there have been several calls for the local authorities to take steps to address the issue of seagull attacks in Aberystwyth. Some locals have suggested that measures such as culling or removing eggs from nests could be implemented in order to reduce the number of birds in the area. Despite the disturbing incident, Shannon Harris remains optimistic about her recovery and has expressed her gratitude to the emergency services who rushed to her aid. She has urged others to be vigilant when encountering seagulls and to take caution when trying to intervene in situations involving these birds. This incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers of approaching wild animals, even when trying to help them. While acts of kindness are to be commended, it is important to exercise caution and to assess the risks involved before acting. In the wake of this latest incident, it is hoped that action will be taken to address the issue of seagull attacks in Aberystwyth and to ensure that incidents like this do not happen again in the future.