article: Washington (CNN) -- President Obama returned to the United States on Monday morning after an unannounced visit to Afghanistan, where he met with his Afghan counterpart and reiterated the need to wipe out terror networks. Obama slipped into Bagram Air Base near Kabul under the cover of darkness Sunday. He met with about 2,000 troops at the U.S. base and told them their work is significant to security at home. "I know it's not easy," he said. "If I thought for a minute that America's vital interests were not served, were not at stake here in Afghanistan, I would order all of you home right away." The United States has made progress in the fight against al Qaeda and its allies, Obama said. "All of that makes America safer, and we are going to keep them on the run," he said. "Because that is what is going to be required in order to ensure that our families back home have the security that they need." Earlier, Obama met with President Hamid Karzai to discuss progress by the Afghan government in strengthening its ability to run the country and provide security for its people. After the 30-minute meeting, Obama said he wanted to send a "strong message" that the partnership between the nations would continue. Related: Afghanistan Crossroads . Karzai thanked the United States, pointing out that American taxpayers have helped rebuild his country. During his trip, the president made clear that the visit was to encourage the roughly 80,000 U.S. troops in the country. "The United States of America does not quit once it starts on something. ... We keep at it," he told the troops. "We persevere. And together, with our partners, we will prevail. I am absolutely confident of that." Before his departure, Obama also met with U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry and Gen. Stanley McChrystal, the commander of allied troops in Afghanistan. The trip began in secrecy, with the president leaving his Camp David retreat. He flew to Afghanistan on Air Force One, landing at Bagram Air Base at 7:24 p.m. Sunday. Obama then flew on a helicopter to the Presidential Palace to meet with Karzai. The U.S. president landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m. ET.
highlights: Obama met with Afghan counterpart, reiterating need to wipe out terror networks . President met with about 2,000 troops at Bagram Air Base near Kabul . Obama landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m. ET .
id: 7fdd0a205552d97aa2da4fd867155f117e2cc8f0
chatgpt: President Barack Obama made an unannounced trip to Afghanistan, where he met with his Afghan counterpart, Ashraf Ghani, and reiterated the need to wipe out terror networks. The two leaders met in the Presidential Palace in Kabul to discuss the security situation in the country and ways to improve the strained relationship between the two countries. The meeting came amid increased violence in Afghanistan, with the Taliban carrying out a series of attacks in recent weeks. Obama has been under pressure to end America's longest war, but he has also argued that the US cannot simply withdraw its troops from Afghanistan without ensuring that the country is stable and secure. Following the meeting with Ghani, Obama travelled to Bagram Air Base, where he addressed about 2,000 US troops. The President hailed their service and praised the progress that has been made in Afghanistan over the past decade. "We're here to support you and to help keep you safe," he said. "We know the sacrifices that you're making and your families are making. And I want you to know that every American is proud of you." Obama's trip to Afghanistan was shrouded in secrecy, with the President landing at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m. ET. The White House said that the President's visit was not announced beforehand in order to ensure his safety. The trip is also expected to boost morale among US troops, as well as send a message to the Taliban that America remains committed to the fight against terrorism in Afghanistan. In his speech at Bagram Air Base, Obama thanked the troops for their service and commitment, saying that their sacrifices had made America safer. "We are safer because of you," he said. "We are more secure because of you. And we are grateful because of you." The President's visit to Afghanistan came just weeks after the US signed a deal with the Taliban that could pave the way for a full withdrawal of American troops from the country. Obama's visit is seen as a way to reaffirm the US's commitment to Afghanistan and to reassure the country's leaders that America will not abandon them in their fight against terrorism. Overall, the President's visit to Afghanistan was seen as a positive step towards stabilizing the country and ending the long-standing conflict. Obama's message of solidarity with US troops and his commitment to wiping out terror networks will be welcomed by many in Afghanistan and around the world.