article: Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar is desperate to end his injury struggles and reignite his season. The Dutch skipper has just returned from over a month out with a thigh problem and had already been suffering with a calf injury this season. He has made just nine appearances for Villa this term and has seen Ciaran Clark and Jores Okore form a solid partnership in defence. Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar holds of Manchester United forward Radamel Falcao during the 1-1 draw . But Vlaar returned to start in a back three with Clark and Okore for the 1-1 draw with Manchester United on Saturday. The trio are expected to line up together at Swansea on Boxing Day and Vlaar is eager to finally cement himself back in the side. 'It's been a strange season - played a few games, injured, played a few games, injured,' said the Holland international. 'So let's hope I stay fit now. I believe in that. I trust in that. 'With the team it's going quite well to be honest. It's been hard to sit in the stands and watch the games when I've been injured but it's great to be back and it was good to play a full 90 minutes on Saturday. The Dutch international admitted it has been difficult watching his side from the stands while injured . 'Let's push on now for more. It's too bad that we lost our unbeaten run against West Brom but let's hope we started it again on Saturday. 'Against United, we had some opportunities at the end. We were a little bit unlucky. 'We worked really hard. It was really good to be part of it. If we do that in every game, we will be hard to beat. 'I am used to the three-man defence. In the summer we did the same with the national team. We did it a few times last year too.' Vlaar is challenged by Alan Hutton during a training session ahead of the Boxing day clash with Swansea . Okore has returned this season after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury last term and Vlaar praised the Denmark international on his comeback. 'I think Jores and Ciaran are doing well. I have been pleased to see that, especially with Jores after his tough season last year with the big injury he had,' Vlaar told Villa's official site. 'He has now come back and he's a great player. 'It's not always been easy for Ciaran but I really think he stepped up and did great. 'I think I had to be lucky that the manager chose three central defenders. 'Everyone is pushing everyone else forward which is great for the team and will improve us.'
highlights: Ron Vlaar has suffered from numerous injuries this season . Aston Villa's captain admitted it was hard watching from the stands . Vlaar felt Villa were unlucky not to beat Manchester United .
id: 69f1e69455e5e286b7355ac27240f22340c34b36
chatgpt: Aston Villa's captain, Ron Vlaar, has struggled through a series of injuries this season, hindering his time on the pitch. However, despite his absence from the team, Vlaar spoke out about his feelings toward the team's recent match against Manchester United. In an interview, Vlaar admitted that it was difficult watching the game from the stands. "It's always hard to watch when you're injured," he said. "Especially when you know you can make a difference on the pitch." While Vlaar's absence was felt by the team, he expressed his support for the players that took his place for the match. "I have faith in my teammates," he said. "They played well and we were unlucky not to come away with a win." Villa's match against Manchester United resulted in a 1-1 draw, with Christian Benteke scoring an equalizer in the second half. Despite the draw, Vlaar felt that Villa had what it takes to secure a victory. "We were in control of the game and played well," he said. "We created plenty of chances and could have easily come away with three points." The team's performance against Manchester United was seen as a positive step forward for the club, even if it didn't result in a win. Vlaar acknowledged the progress made by the team in recent weeks. "We're moving in the right direction," he said. "We're playing well and creating chances. We just need to keep pushing and the results will come." Looking ahead, Vlaar expressed his desire to return to the pitch as soon as possible. "I'm working hard to get back to full fitness," he said. "I can't wait to be back out there, helping the team win." Villa is set to face off against Premier League leaders Chelsea next weekend. Despite the tough competition, Vlaar believes that Villa has what it takes to secure a victory. "We know it's going to be a tough match," he said. "But we're up for the challenge. We'll give it our all and do our best to come away with three points." As Villa prepares for the match against Chelsea, the team is hoping for Vlaar's quick return to the pitch. The captain's leadership and experience will be vital in Villa's quest for victory.