article: ANTIOCH, California (CNN) -- Investigators found another bone on property belonging to kidnapping suspects Phillip and Nancy Garrido on Friday, as they scoured the yard for possible clues to the abductions of two other girls about 20 years ago, officials said. Police search for evidence relating to missing girls Ilene Misheloff and Michaela Garecht. At an afternoon news conference, authorities revealed that the bone was discovered as crews broke up concrete on the property. Hayward police Lt. Chris Orrey said it will take time to determine whether the bone came from an animal or a human. The search Friday at the property in unincorporated Contra Costa County involved the use of ground-penetrating radar, which showed irregularities in an area of the yard where cadaver dogs working separately showed interest Thursday, investigators said.  See how ground-penetrating radar works » . The Garridos face a combined 29 felony counts in connection with the 1991 kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard, then 11, from South Lake Tahoe, California. Authorities say the couple held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years and have said Phillip Garrido, a registered sex offender, fathered her two children. Police from Hayward and Dublin, California, on Tuesday began executing search warrants simultaneously on the Garrido property and an adjacent property that he had access to. They are seeking any evidence in the 1988 abduction of 9-year-old Michaela Garecht of Hayward and the 1989 disappearance of 13-year-old Ilene Misheloff of Dublin. Both agencies have said that, although Garrido has not been named a suspect in either case, he cannot be eliminated as a suspect. Orrey said "boxes and boxes" of writings by Phillip Garrido were also recovered on the property and were being taken off-site so investigators "can look through every single page." Little work will be conducted at the site over the weekend, Orrey said, but investigators will remain on the property to ward off trespassers, who have been spotted there in the past few weeks. When the search resumes Monday, two kinds of search dogs will be brought in, authorities said: cadaver dogs and archaeological dogs. Cadaver dogs detect decomposing matter, investigators said, and archaeological dogs search for older material. Earlier Friday, Orrey said the dogs would not return to the area until after it was cleared of debris. "We just want to have all of the areas clear so they can do another sweep of the entire properties," she said. Authorities also plan to continue searching the Garrido house, which county building inspectors have condemned as unsafe to occupy, Orrey said. On Wednesday, authorities said they had found bones on both the Garrido property and the adjacent property but did not know whether they were animal or human. Another bone fragment was found on the adjacent property last week.
highlights: NEW: Radar shows irregularities in yard where cadaver dogs alerted . NEW: Another bone found as crews broke up concrete on the property . Phillip and Nancy Garrido are accused of abducting Jaycee Dugard . Ilene Misheloff ,13, went missing in 1989 and Michaela Garecht, 9, in 1988 .
id: 7e3c0866878bc679fe505268743d1165108cc0cf
chatgpt: Radar has reportedly revealed some troubling irregularities in the backyard of a Northern California property, where cadaver dogs previously detected the scent of human remains. The findings have sparked renewed interest in two long-term missing person cases, Ilene Misheloff and Michaela Garecht, who vanished in the late 1980s. According to reports, additional bone fragments were discovered as crews began breaking up concrete on the property. The location in question was once home to Phillip and Nancy Garrido, who are currently serving life sentences for the kidnapping and torture of Jaycee Dugard. The Garridos were arrested in 2009, after Dugard was discovered alive, 18 years after being taken from a bus stop at age 11. The latest developments in this ongoing investigation have renewed questions about whether other missing persons might be connected to the Garridos. Michaela Garecht disappeared in November 1988, at the age of nine. She was last seen outside a store in Hayward, a city about 40 miles northwest of Antioch, where the Garrido property is located. Ilene Misheloff disappeared several months later, in January 1989. She was last seen walking home from school in Dublin, California, about 30 miles west of Hayward. Both cases have remained unsolved for more than three decades. The Garridos were known to live in the area at the time of both disappearances. While there has never been any direct evidence linking the couple to Misheloff or Garecht, investigators have not ruled out the possibility. The current search of the Garrido property was prompted by continued suspicions surrounding their involvement in these cases. The results of the radar testing have not yet been made public, but authorities have expressed cautious optimism about the implications of the findings. A spokesperson for the Hayward Police Department said that the bone fragments have been sent to a lab for DNA testing. Families of the missing girls have waited patiently for news, with renewed hope that answers to their long-held questions may finally be at hand. "My family has been waiting 32 years to find Michaela," said Sharon Murch, mother of Michaela Garecht, in a statement to the press. "We want to bring her home, to know where she is and to lay her to rest properly." At the time of their arrests, the Garridos' property was searched extensively, with no evidence of any other victims discovered. However, the current investigation underscores the persistent possibility that there may be more to this case than has previously been uncovered. As authorities continue to sift through the evidence, the families of the missing girls hold their breath, waiting anxiously for news of what may prove to be a tragic but long-awaited breakthrough in these cold cases.