article: When Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas got out of his car at the Capitol on Wednesday, he did not to go into the Senate where he works. He was on the House side to join a conservative rally to press their own GOP leaders to use the power of the purse to fight the president on immigration. Since the day Cruz was sworn in almost two years ago, he has proudly been a thorn in House Republican leaders' side -- urging them to put principle before practical politics. Last year the government shut down thanks to a strategy pushed by Cruz to tie defunding Obamacare to funding the government. But even then he didn't take the extra step, literally, to physically go to the House and, symbolically, put his thumb in the eye of House Speaker John Boehner. Today, he did. On his way to the podium, this reporter asked why he is inserting himself in what the House is doing. "I don't agree with the premise of what you're saying," Cruz responded. "Republicans campaigned saying if you elect us, if you elect a Republican Senate, we will stop President Obama's illegal acts. These elections were a referendum. The American people overwhelmingly said they do not support a lawless amnesty created by the President. What I'm urging Republicans to do is -- do what we said we would do -- honor the commitments of the American voters," Cruz continued. GOP aims to avoid shutdown . Cruz wants House Republicans to attach a policy rider to the bill funding the government that denies the President his executive action allowing some 5 million undocumented workers legal status. But since the government runs out of money on Dec. 11, leaders in both chambers don't want to have that fight right now. Instead they want to pass a bill funding most of the government for a year, and only fund the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees immigration laws, for a few months.  They're hoping that will buy them time to find an option to fight the President, even while conceding there are no good options. Frustrated House GOP leadership aides argue that Cruz pushing to have a fight now is disingenuous because it is unwinnable. The Senate is still run by Democrats and they will not pass a bill effectively canceling out the president's executive authority, never mind that the president would never sign such a bill even if he got it. 'Cromnibus' looms over Obama- McConnell meeting . When asked about this GOP criticism, and concern that his strategy could once again lead to a government shutdown, Cruz balked. "No it's not. And it only will if Harry Reid decides he wants a shutdown, which it seems Harry Reid and President Obama are very eager about that prospect."
highlights: Ted Cruz rallied House conservatives against a proposed plan to avoid a government shutdown . Cruz was seen as largely responsible for the government shutting down last year . Cruz has repeatedly rejected that claim, and said it's Democrats who risk causing a shutdown .
id: 957ca11f9a080aee1095a837553729d91d199b1a
chatgpt: In a move that surprised many political analysts, Senator Ted Cruz rallied House conservatives against a proposed plan to avoid a government shutdown. The proposal had been put forward by some House Republicans who were concerned about the negative effects that a government shutdown would have on the country. The Texas Senator, who was largely responsible for the government shutdown last year, appeared to relish his role as the spokesperson for the conservative wing of the Republican Party. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Cruz said that he was more than willing to take the heat for his actions, arguing that "sometimes you have to be willing to take a stand for what you believe in." Cruz's actions and statements seem to reflect a growing divide within the Republican Party, between those who are willing to compromise in order to get things done, and those who believe that compromise is a dirty word. While some Republicans argue that the party risks losing support if it continues to take a hardline approach on issues like the budget and immigration, Cruz and his supporters believe that they need to stay true to their principles, even if it means risking a government shutdown. The Senator has repeatedly rejected claims that he was responsible for last year's government shutdown, despite evidence to the contrary. In fact, Cruz has gone so far as to blame the Democrats for the possibility of another shutdown, arguing that they are the ones who are refusing to negotiate and make compromises. This has caused frustration among some Republicans who feel that Cruz is more interested in scoring political points than actually governing. Despite this, there is no denying the Senator's influence within the conservative wing of the Republican Party. His willingness to take unpopular positions and fight for his principles has won him a loyal following among Tea Party activists and other grassroots conservatives. Many of these supporters see Cruz as a champion for their causes, and are willing to back him even if it means taking a confrontational approach to governing. The question now is how the rest of the Republican Party will react to Cruz's latest move. While his supporters may see him as a hero, others may view him as a liability who puts his own political ambitions ahead of the party's best interest. Some experts believe that Cruz's approach may ultimately hurt the GOP's chances of winning back the White House in 2016, as it gives Democrats an opportunity to portray Republicans as obstructionists who are unwilling to work with the other side. Despite these concerns, Cruz shows no signs of backing down. He remains committed to his principles and willing to stand up to anyone who disagrees with him. Whether this approach will lead to a government shutdown remains to be seen, but one thing is certain: Ted Cruz is not afraid to be controversial, even if it means going against the majority of his own party.