article: (CNN)  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal has continued his impressive run of form at Indian Wells with a straight-sets third-round victory over American qualifier Ryan Sweeting. The 23-year-old Spaniard has dropped just 11 points on his serve in the tournament so far, and took just 68 minutes to brush aside the world No. 105 6-3 6-1 on Monday. "I played solid," the two-time winner of the Californian hard-court event, who had a first-round bye, told the official ATP Tour website. "I think today the more positive thing is I finished much better than the beginning of the match. In general I'm happy." The nine-time grand slam champion will meet world No. 84 Somdev Devvarman in the fourth round, after the Indian qualifier secured just his third win in a Masters event with a 6-1 3-6 7-6 (7-5) victory over Belgium's Xavier Malisse. Djokovic and Federer through to third round . "I have a lot of respect for Nadal," the 26-year-old said. "He's one of my favorite tennis players, one of my idols, so when I'm out there I'm gonna do everything I can to win the match. I'm gonna compete as hard as I can." It was not such a good day for Swedish world No. 4 Robin Soderling, who made a shock exit from the tournament after being beaten by Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber. Two-time French Open finalist Soderling failed to convert five set-points in his 7-6 (10-8) 6-4 loss to the world No. 35, who inflicted just his second defeat of the season. Next up for Kohlschreiber will be the rejuvenated former world No. 4 and 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro. The 90th-ranked Argentine, who spent much of last season sidelined with a wrist injury, continued his comeback with a 7-6 (7-3) 6-3 victory over Australian Open quarterfinalist Alexandr Dolgopolov of the Ukraine. The United States' Sam Querrey also caused an upset by easily beating Spanish world No. 9 Fernando Verdasco 7-5 6-4. The 24th-ranked Querrey will face another Spaniard Tommy Robredo in the last 16, after the world No. 28 cruised to a 6-0 6-4 win over American Donald Young -- who eliminated fifth seed Andy Murray in the previous round. In other third-round results, Spain's Albert Montanes beat compatriot and world No. 12 Nicolas Almagro 4-6 6-2 6-4. He will next face big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic, who knocked out France's Gilles Simon 6-3 6-3.
highlights: Rafael Nadal eases into last 16 at Indian Wells by beating U.S. qualifier Ryan Sweeting . Two-time champion meets Indian qualifier Somdev Devvarman for a quarterfinal spot . Robin Soderling suffers surprise defeat to German world No. 35 Philipp Kohlschreiber . Juan Martin del Potro, Sam Querrey and Tommy Robredo also progress to round four .
id: 9bece9d1fdc5c3b203af1b5fe10e72d26a3e72ee
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal, the former world No. 1, effortlessly advanced to the last 16 of the Indian Wells Masters by defeating American qualifier Ryan Sweeting in straight sets. The two-time champion was in complete control throughout the match, as he claimed a comfortable 6-3, 6-1 triumph over Sweeting in just over an hour. Nadal will now confront Indian qualifier Somdev Devvarman in his bid to secure a quarter-final place. The Spaniard will be desperate to lift the trophy after enduring a tough few years with injury woes, which has seen him lose his grip on the pinnacle of the world rankings. In another result that caught the eyes of many tennis fans, German world No. 35 Philipp Kohlschreiber stunned the high-flying Swedish player Robin Soderling in straight sets. The fifth-seeded Soderling struggled to gain control of the match as he was defeated by 6-4, 6-4 by the German. Meanwhile, Argentinean tennis player Juan Martin del Potro saw off a spirited challenge from Fernando Verdasco in a thrilling three-set encounter. The 2009 US Open champion rallied back after losing the first set to clinch a victory and reach the next round of the competition. In other matches, American Sam Querrey came from a set down to brush aside Ricardas Berankis of Lithuania 1-6, 6-4, 6-4. The win sees Querrey book his slot in the last 16 of the tournament. Tommy Robredo also sailed past his opposition, defeating Michael Berrer of Germany 7-6, 6-3. With the fourth round of the competition now in progress, the stakes are high, and the intensity is expected to rise. The Indian Wells Masters, which is often referred to as the "fifth Slam," is a Premier Mandatory event on the respective ATP and WTA calendars. The tournament has attracted the top-rated players, including reigning champion Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Roger Federer, and Nadal, who are all battling it out for the top prize. Now, with Rafael Nadal, one of the competition's most decorated athletes, in top form, he will be hoping to see off the challenge of Devvarman to proceed further to the quarterfinals. Tennis fans across the globe excitedly wait to see what happens next.