article: Seven dogs who went missing from their families after heartless robbers hijacked a doggy daycare van in Chicago have been found safe today. The puppies, and the van, were found on Thursday at around 11am, abandoned on the side of the road. This after a frantic search involving the dogs' owners and the owner of the doggy daycare. Scroll down for video . Seven dogs (Mochi above) were taken by two men who hijacked a doggy daycare van at gunpoint . The pets (Busy left, Scarlet right) were in cages in the back of the van when it was taken shortly before 4pm on Wednesday . Now, police are trying to find the 2002 Silver Chrysler Town and Country (above) 'This isn't easy, these are dogs that are part of our family,' Joseph Giannini, the owner of Urban Out Sitters, told the Chicago Tribune. 'Everybody's very concerned for the safety of their dogs ... everybody's devastated.' The van was taken shortly before 4pm, with the men, who were armed, ordering the driver out of the van, a 2002 Silver Chrysler Town and Country, and driving off. 'They ordered him out of the car, they hopped in the car and took off,' said Giannini. 'Nobody was hurt, just shaken up.' The dogs were all in the back of the van in cages. 'This isn't easy, these are dogs that are part of our family,' said Joseph Giannini, owner of Urban Out Sitters . The dogs' owners (Jaydn above) are nervous because of the dangerous subzero temperatures that have swept through the Windy City . Anyone with information about this crime is asked to call Urban Out Sitters at 312-651-7387 (Brad Pitt above) Giannini, and the dogs' owners,begged for their beloved animals back on Wednesday. 'We're hoping that people will see a van with barking dogs in it and know that's not right and will call police immediately. That's where we are hoping we will find the van.' said Giannini. Anyone with information about this crime is asked to call Urban Out Sitters at 312-651-7387.
highlights: A doggy daycare van was hijacked at gunpoint in Chicago, Illinois Wednesday afternoon . The van, a 2002 Silver Chrysler Town and Country, had seven dogs inside at the time . 'This isn't easy, these are dogs that are part of our family,' said Joseph Giannini, owner of Urban Out Sitters . The seven dogs were found safe in the van Thursday morning .
id: 485c04ac327ec9545c750b34286003f672bf25bf
chatgpt: In a brazen act of daylight robbery, a doggy daycare van was hijacked at gunpoint in Chicago, Illinois on Wednesday afternoon. The 2002 Silver Chrysler Town and Country van had been on its way back to Urban Out Sitters, a popular doggy daycare facility when it was ambushed by the assailants. The van had seven dogs inside at the time, causing immense stress and worry for their owners. Joseph Giannini, owner of Urban Out Sitters, was clearly shaken by the incident. "This isn't easy, these are dogs that are part of our family," Giannini stated. It was a sentiment shared by many of the concerned pet owners who gathered outside the daycare facility after news of the hijacking broke. The police responded promptly to the incident and launched an extensive search operation for the missing van and its canine occupants that lasted through the night. Luckily, the van was found abandoned in a residential area of the city on Thursday morning. The seven dogs were found safe and sound inside the van, unharmed, but understandably shaken from their ordeal. Giannini was overjoyed at the safe return of the dogs, praising the police department for their tireless efforts in bringing the situation to a swift resolution. "It's a huge relief to have the dogs back safe and sound," he said. The police are yet to make any arrests in connection with the incident, and the motive for the hijacking remains unclear. Meanwhile, Urban Out Sitters is taking additional measures to ensure the safety of its patrons and their pets in the future. As news of the incident gained widespread coverage, the public rallied around the affected dog owners, offering support and solidarity during this traumatic time. There is no denying the special bond that exists between pets and their owners, and events like these serve as a stark reminder of just how much they mean to us.