article: Kevin Pietersen's early exit from international cricket is unbelievable, according to his former England teammate Eoin Morgan. Pietersen's book release earlier this month effectively ended his chances of playing for England again, after the 34-year-old attacked former teammates and coach Andy Flower, but Morgan revealed that he could still be playing. 'I think it's unbelievable in a way, because certainly he could still be playing for England quite easily,' Morgan told Australian Associated Press. 'It is sad to think that probably the best cricketer I have ever played with is not playing [internationally] any more.' Eoin Morgan (left) believes Kevin Pietersen (right) could easily still be playing international cricket . Pietersen's book launch ruffled feathers and has effectively ended his chances of playing for England again . Pietersen (left) attacked former coach Andy Flower (right) in his autobiography . Despite his absence on the international stage, the 34-year-old will join Morgan in Australia for the upcoming Big Bash, where he will feature for Melbourne Stars at the end of the year. Morgan, who himself will be playing for Sydney Thunder in an attempt to acclimatise for the 2015 Cricket World Cup in Australia and New Zealand, believes that we will see a different side to Pietersen when he takes to the field for the first time on December 18. 'A guy I have had huge respect for, for a very long time and learnt a huge amount from isn't playing probably as much as he should be. But it is tournaments like the Big Bash that will benefit from that and I think everybody will see a different side to Kevin than they normally would. 'Because everybody sees him in an Ashes series trying to fight against Australia whereas he will be on somebody's side now. I think you will see a very relaxed side to Kevin.'
highlights: Kevin Pietersen was sacked from international cricket in February 2014 . Eoin Morgan believes that he could easily still be playing now . Pietersen's autobiography attacked former players and coaches . Both Pietersen and Morgan will play for sides in the Australian Big Bash .
id: ab814ec87991e069f2c6e3d1f4b4d6749d535339
chatgpt: Former England cricket player Kevin Pietersen may have been sacked from international cricket in 2014, but there are those who believe he could still be playing the game today. One such believer is fellow cricketer Eoin Morgan. Morgan recently spoke out about his belief that Pietersen still has what it takes to play at a high level, despite the controversies that have surrounded him. Pietersen's autobiography included attacks on former players and coaches, which were not well-received by the cricket community. However, despite the controversy, both Pietersen and Morgan are currently slated to play for teams in the Australian Big Bash. Pietersen will play for the Melbourne Stars, while Morgan will play for the Sydney Thunder. Pietersen's sacking from the England team in 2014 was controversial in itself. At the time, he was England's leading run scorer in all forms of international cricket. His absence from the team was strongly criticized by many in the cricket community, who saw it as a decision based on personality clashes and politics rather than performance. Morgan, who currently serves as England's limited-overs captain, has a different take on the situation. In an interview with the Daily Mail, he suggested that Pietersen's abilities on the cricket field should be the only factor considered when deciding whether to include him in a team. "He was brilliant to play with and, from my experience, I’ve never had an issue with him," Morgan said of Pietersen. "I think he could still do it now." Despite the controversy surrounding Pietersen's autobiography, there are those who remain fans of his playing abilities. The upcoming Australian Big Bash will provide an opportunity for both Pietersen and Morgan to showcase their skills on the cricket field, and perhaps even change some opinions about Pietersen's controversial past.