article: (CNN) -- England batsman Kevin Pietersen ensured his place in cricket's history books with an unbeaten double-century on day two of the sport's 2,000th Test match. Pietersen passed 200 for the second time in his international career to allow England to declare on an imposing 474-8 at Lord's on Friday, while India reached 17-0 in reply at stumps in the opening match of the series. With much focus on Indian veteran Sachin Tendulkar's bid to become the first player to score his 100th century at international level in such a historic match, Pietersen stole the spotlight as he resumed on 22 after a rain-affected opening day in London. The 31-year-old hit 21 fours and one six from 326 deliveries faced against an Indian bowling line-up missing spearhead Zaheer Khan, who suffered a hamstring injury on Thursday. "It was quite nice from 150 to 200, but to get there was a mission," said Pietersen, who survived an early scare when it appeared he had been caught by Rahul Dravid, but umpire Billy Bowden's decision was overruled by the television official. "I found it quite hard and a couple of the other boys came in and scored quickly, and that took the pressure off me. It is always nice to get the team into a position where we can hopefully do something in this Test match. "I haven't had the best couple of years, I had a pretty good winter but there are a lot of players in that dressing room that are doing really well." Pietersen added 98 for the third wicket with Jonathan Trott before his fellow South Africa-born teammate became the first of five victims snared by medium-pacer Praveen Kumar -- his best effort in just his fourth match in the five-day format. He then put on another 110 with Ian Bell, who also fell to Kumar for 45, while Eoin Morgan went in the 24-year-old's same over without scoring. Matt Prior, another England player with South African ancestry, helped Pietersen add another 120 runs for the sixth wicket as he made 71 off 93 balls before Kumar provided captain and wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni with his third catch of the innings. Stuart Broad was trapped leg before wicket by Kumar's next ball, but Graeme Swann avoided the hat-trick before scoring 24 in a partnership of 61 with Pietersen. The former England captain needed just 25 balls to complete his fourth 50 and was unbeaten on 202 when his successor Andrew Strauss called the players in, 25 runs short of his Test best. India, the top-ranked nation in Test cricket, safely negotiated the six overs before day's end, with the experienced Gautam Gambhir on seven and 21-year-old Abhinav Mukund on eight in just his fourth Test appearance.
highlights: Kevin Pietersen scores 202 not out as England declare at 474-8 against India . Tourists replay with 17-0 in their first innings on day two of opening match at Lord's . Pietersen had resumed on 22 overnight in the 2,000th Test match in cricket history . He survived early scare when umpire's decision was overturned after he was caught out .
id: 96b5fb645080c79be3426f08fc2cae8c35952452
chatgpt: Kevin Pietersen stole the limelight on day two of the opening Test match between England and India at Lord's with a stunning 202 not out. Pietersen's knock propelled England to a commanding position, finishing their first innings on 474-8 before declaring. The 2,000th Test match in cricket history resumed with Pietersen on 22 overnight, and he took control from the very first ball he faced on day two. The 100-run partnership between him and Ian Bell allowed England to set a solid foundation for the rest of the innings. However, Pietersen wasn't lucky early on as he was given out by the umpire, caught behind off Ishant Sharma's bowling. A quick decision review went in his favour, however, and he capitalized on the opportunity, playing with more confidence and composure. Pietersen struck his 23rd Test century and his first since 2013, showing his class and experience as he batted patiently for 326 deliveries. Along with a fine knock of 82 from Joe Root, the pair put on a mammoth 185-run partnership for the fifth wicket. The Indian bowlers toiled hard to find any success, but apart from Ishant Sharma, who picked up three wickets, the rest of them failed to create any substantial impact. India had a tough task ahead of them as they came out to bat, with Stuart Broad and James Anderson opening the bowling for England. The tourists managed to hang on through the day, scoring 17-0 after nine overs. England's captain, Joe Root, decided to declare the innings at 474-8, giving his bowlers plenty of time to pick up some early wickets. India's top-order batsmen, including Rohit Sharma and Cheteshwar Pujara, will have to show some determination and resilience to get back into the game as they chase England's total. Pietersen's knock was one to behold, a true masterclass in Test match batting, and England will hope that it sets the tone for the rest of the series. Day two might have belonged to Pietersen, but there is still a lot of cricket to be played, and both teams will look to leave their mark in this historic Test match.