article: Christina Reber, 45, from Indiana allegedly marched into her ex's house and squeezed his genitals 'as hard as she could' A mother who tore the scrotum of her former 'on-off boyfriend’ during a row at his home is now claiming she did so in self-defense. Christina Lorina Reber, 45, from Marion, Indiana, was arrested in 2012 after she allegedly marched into her ex’s home, grabbed hold of his genitals and squeezed ‘as hard as she could’. She is due to stand trial on March 12 at Delaware Circuit Court on a charge of aggravated battery. She faces ten years in prison if found guilty. The victim, 57, was left with a deep tear to his scrotum following the attack in Muncie, Indiana and was treated at nearby Ball Memorial Hospital. The 57-year-old said that Reber attacked him while drunk because he had ended their eight-month relationship. The police report said: '(The victim) stated that after he grabbed Reber, he felt her grab . his scrotum and begin squeezing as hard as she could. '(He) stated that he was in incredible pain when Reber grabbed his scrotum and began digging in her fingers. '(He) stated that Reber refused to let go of his scrotum and that both of them fell to the ground.' The report noted that the victim was covered in blood - and part of his scrotum had been completely torn from his body. According to the police report, Reber . walked into the victim’s property unannounced and yelled at him to ‘call . the f****** police’ before she attacked him. Last week, Reber's defense attorney Zaki Ali filed a self-defense notice before the trial begins, according to indystar.com. At a recent pre-trial ruling, Judge Marianne Vorhees said Reber would not be able to put an 'expert witness' on the stand to put forward a theory that because her 57-year-old victim was wearing an unspecified 'personal device' he was more likely to be injured. She is currently out on bail after she provided a $10,000 bond. The victim, 57, was treated at Ball Memorial Hospital in Indiana following the attack .
highlights: Christina Reber, 45, who had been dating the man for eight months, accused of carrying out the attack in Indiana in 2012 . Victim, 57, left covered in blood and treated at Ball Memorial Hospital . She is claiming self-defense, adding that because her victim was wearing a 'personal device' he was more likely to be injured .
id: cd13ed6bf194c257f0f688fa3d1f27e9d0740a80
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, a woman has been accused of carrying out an attack on her boyfriend's ex-partner in Indiana in 2012. Christina Reber, 45, who had been dating the man for eight months, is facing charges of assault and battery. According to reports, the victim, a 57-year-old woman, was left covered in blood and had to be treated at Ball Memorial Hospital. The attack allegedly took place in the victim's home, where Reber is said to have entered uninvited and proceeded to attack the woman. However, Reber is claiming that the attack was an act of self-defense. She alleges that the victim was wearing a 'personal device', which made her more likely to be injured in any altercation. Despite these claims, police have charged Reber with assault and battery, and she is due to appear in court in the coming weeks. The case has caused a stir in the local community, with many expressing shock at the allegations. This is not the first time that Reber has made headlines. In 2020, she was involved in a high-profile court case in which she was accused of stalking her ex-boyfriend. The case was eventually settled out of court, but not before attracting significant media attention. The latest allegations against Reber are likely to bring further scrutiny upon her. The victim, who has not been named, is believed to be recovering well from her injuries. However, the incident has undoubtedly left a lasting impact upon all involved. As the case moves towards trial, many will be watching closely to see how it unfolds. The implications of a guilty verdict could be significant, given the seriousness of the charges. However, if Reber is found not guilty, it could raise questions about the legitimacy of her claims of self-defense. For now, the community is left grappling with the aftermath of another shocking incident.