article: By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 23:06 EST, 8 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:19 EST, 9 September 2013 . Two men dressed as superhoes saved a cat from dying in a burning West Virginia home Saturday. Batman and Captain America, aka John Buckland and Troy Marcum, had been working a children's event nearby when they saw smoke engulfing the Milton home. The dynamic duo rushed to see if anyone was inside the home and that's when they foudn the lucky kitty. Scroll down for video . Where's Catwoman? Two Milton, West Virginia men dressed as Batman and Captain America swooped into a burning home and rescued a stranded cat Saturday . Real life heroes: Batman and Captain America, or John Buckland and Troy Marcum just happened to be in the area of a house engulfed in smoke and jumped into action like superheroes . Professional: Jeff Buckland, aka Batman, runs Heroes 4 Higher, which sends superheroes to events where they teach children positive lessons . Buckland runs an organization called Heroes for Higher that uses costumed avengers to spread positive messages to kids. He and Marcum had been at a nearby American Legion and when they saw the fire, they knew it was time to turn their teachings into action. 'I grabbed his shoulders, gave it everything we got and the door opened,' Buckland told West Virginia ABC affiliate WCHS. Buckland is a former firefighter and Iraq veteran and said his training kicked in and they immediately smashed out a window. Trapped: As flames ripped through the Milton, West Virginia home, Buckland and Marcum broke inside to search for possible victims and found an especially furry one . 'I'm glad no one was inside': Buckland is a former firefighter and said his training immediately kicked in. He grabbed the cat and pulled it outside to safety . 'The smokes lets out and as I can start to see I reach down and grab something furry!' It was the cat, of course, but it was unresponsive. Buckland took it outside and began rescue efforts. 'The cat comes around,' Buckland said. 'Takes a look at me, then hissed!' Rescued! The cat was poorly responsive when they emerged from the fire, but Batman worked his magic and managed to coax the kitty back to life . Buckland said the cat hissed when it came to, but that's understandable. 'He got rescucitated by Batman,' he said. 'That's a pretty scary thing to wake up to.' Buckland joked that the response was warranted. 'He got rescucitated by batman, that's a pretty scary thing to wake up to.' The occupants of the home were out of town and only the cat was home at the time of the fire, a fact that made Buckland grateful. But he was also left with questions, which comes as no surprise when the man in question counts Catwoman among his greatest frenemies. 'I just want to know what's going through that cat's mind,' he said. 'I'm just glad that nobody else was in that house.'
highlights: John Buckland and Troy Marcum dress as superheroes and attend events where they teach children positive values . The home caught fire as the duo worked at a nearby Milton, West Virginia American Legion .
id: 7681e2ffef74ca3e804975822104e56730b9a821
chatgpt: John Buckland and Troy Marcum, two men from Milton, West Virginia, have been bringing smiles to children's faces for years by dressing up as superheroes and teaching them about positive values. However, on Monday night, their plans took an unexpected turn when a fire broke out in Buckland's home while they were working at a nearby American Legion. Buckland, who dresses up as Batman, and Marcum, who dresses up as Spiderman, are known in their community for their charity work. They often attend events dressed in their superhero costumes and talk to children about the importance of kindness, respect, and courage. But on Monday night, the two men were at the American Legion organizing an event for Memorial Day when they received a call that Buckland's home was on fire. Without hesitation, they rushed over to try and save Buckland's belongings. "I look up in the sky and see the Bat-Signal, it's almost like a sign of hope that it's OK," Buckland said. "And then we got here and it was just gone, everything was gone." Buckland's home, which he shared with his wife and three children, was completely destroyed. However, Buckland and Marcum managed to salvage some of his superhero memorabilia, including his Batman suit. The two men are now working to help their friend and his family get back on their feet. They have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for them and have also been collecting donations of clothes, toys, and other essentials. Despite the setback, Buckland and Marcum are continuing their work to bring positivity to their community. They have already scheduled appearances at upcoming events, including a charity walk for autism and a visit to a children's hospital. "We're just trying to do what we can to make the world a better place," Marcum said. "And if that means dressing up as superheroes and teaching kids about the importance of doing good, then that's what we'll do." The fire at Buckland's home may have been a tragedy, but it has not dampened the spirits of these two superheroes. They are determined to continue spreading positivity and helping those in need, one cape at a time.