article: Sunderland’s players have offered to refund supporters the cost of their match ticket following Saturday’s 8-0 humiliation at Southampton. Skipper John O’Shea has confirmed that the squad want to acknowledge the 2,500 fans who travelled to the south coast, many making a 640-mile round trip from the North East. And the players will now pay out an estimated £60,000 either to fans who wish to be reimbursed or to the Sunderland-based hospice Grace House. Sunderland fans were left stunned as their side was thrashed 8-0 by Southampton on Saturday . Sunderland players collapse on the floor during their humiliating 8-0 defeat on Saturday on the south coast . Despite the disastrous scoreline, the Sunderland fans continued to show their support at St Mary's stadium . O’Shea, speaking on behalf of the squad, said: ‘We win and lose as a team, players, staff and fans, however we wanted to acknowledge and thank the supporters who travelled such a long way to give us their backing and despite everything, stayed with us until the final whistle.’ The defeat equalled the worst in the club’s history and afterwards goalkeeper Vito Mannone insisted the players should refund fans. The Black Cats will look to bounce back when they face Arsenal at the Stadium of Light on Saturday. Southampton striker Graziano Pelle celebrates  with Dusan Tadic as Saints ran riot at St Mary's on Saturday . The electronic scoreboard at St Mary's displays the full extent of the defeat for the travelling supporters . Meanwhile, the club advised: ‘Anyone wishing to claim a refund should contact the club before 5pm on Wednesday, November 5. Supporters are kindly asked to return their match ticket either in person at the Stadium of Light ticket office or by post – SAFC (Refunds), PO Box 165, Sunderland, SR5 1WF. 'Supporters must enclose name and address details, along with their customer number. After the November 5 deadline, the outstanding money not claimed by supporters will be given to Grace House.’
highlights: Sunderland stars have offered to refund fans £24 they paid for their ticket . Black Cats keeper Vito Mannone claimed supporters deserved a refund . However the fans will not have their travel costs, up to £152.50, refunded .
id: 9c9d2b947d8928544e9176e1cb8efefab66008cd
chatgpt: Sunderland football club’s goalkeeper, Vito Mannone, has come out in support of the fans and offered to refund their ticket money. The move comes after the disappointment of a 2-0 FA Cup defeatbyBrentford. Sunderland supporters had to pay £24 for the tickets for the match that took place at the Griffin Park stadium on Sunday, 6th January. Mannone spoke out on social media, saying that players were 'sorry' for the poor result and that they felt the supporters deserved a refund. The offer, however, does not cover the additional costs of travel, which could be up to £152.50 for some fans. Nevertheless,the gesture has been widely praised by supporters who have commented on social media. This latest move by the Black Cats stars could be seen as an attempt to repair some of the damage between the club and its loyal supporters, as poor performances and unsatisfactory results this season have led to disillusionment among fans. Sunderland is currently languishing near the bottom of the English Football League One after a series of defeats. Despite the club's current struggles, the offer made by Mannone and his teammates has been welcomed by many of the club's supporters, who have taken to social media to praise the move. Sunderland's chief executive, Martin Bain, has also expressed his gratitude to the players, saying that their gesture shows how much they appreciate the support given by the fans. The decision to refund the £24 ticket price has also raised questions as to whether other clubs and players will follow suit. Although it is highly unlikely that all clubs will do so, it is a breath of fresh air to see players taking responsibility for their performances and stating that they care about their fans. In the current climate of football, where money talks and loyal supporters are taken for granted, the move by Sunderland’s players is a positive sign that the sport still has a human side. While it may not be much in terms of money, it is a step forward in terms of repairing the relationship between the supporters and the club, and showing that football is about more than just results and profits. One can hope that other clubs would take cues from Sunderland and make an effort to show their gratitude towards their supporters.