article: By . Stuart Woledge . PUBLISHED: . 03:26 EST, 5 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:37 EST, 5 September 2013 . Basketball star DeAndre Liggins is facing charges of domestic abuse and battery with a dangerous weapon following an alleged assault on his girlfriend using an Xbox and a fan. The Oklahoma City Thunder player was arrested on Saturday in connection with the allegations, in which he is accused of carrying out the attack at the home he shares with Jasmine Horton. In a report on ESPN, Liggins 'punched' Ms Horton, then 'kicked in' the door to a bedroom after she locked herself in. Charged: NBA basketball star DeAndre Liggins is facing charges of domestic abuse and battery. He denies the allegations . An affidavit filed on Tuesday claims he then pushed her to the ground, 'stomped on her with his foot' and dropped a fan and Xbox on her head. The 25-year-old has denied the charges. The affidavit goes on to say Ms Horton was left with bruises on her chest and back, as well as injuries to her hands and fingers. The officer who wrote the report noted that the woman had physical signs of injury on her body. Assault: Liggins has been accused of attacking his girlfriend Jasmine Horton in front of their son . Liggins was charged with domestic assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, and domestic abuse in the presence of a minor. He was released from jail after posting bail of $8,000. Representing Liggins, lawyer Billy Bock said: 'DeAndre certainly denies ever laying a hand on a female. 'He's hurt by the allegations but knows the truth will come out.' In a statement, Oklahoma City Thunder general manager Sam Presti said: 'We reiterate the serious nature of this issue. 'We are awaiting further information and will have no further comment at this time.' Liggins has played for Oklahoma City Thunder since last year. He played in 39 games last season averaging 1.5 points a game. Originally from Chicago, he played for Kentucky from 2008 to 2011.
highlights: The NBA star faces charges including domestic abuse in front of a minor . Girlfriend says Liggins 'kicked in a door' and pushed her to ground . The 25-year-old denies the allegations and has posted $8,000 in bail .
id: ecd80b49b98e2bade1b381321126cd5e05d430d4
chatgpt: NBA player DeAndre Liggins has been arrested and charged with domestic abuse in front of a minor. According to his girlfriend, Liggins "kicked in a door" and pushed her to the ground. The incident reportedly occurred on August 31st in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The 31-year-old athlete has denied the allegations and has posted $8,000 in bail. His girlfriend, however, claims that the altercation began when Liggins entered her home uninvited and proceeded to argue with her. She says that he then kicked in a door and pushed her down to the ground while she was holding their two-year-old son. Liggins has played for several NBA teams throughout his career, including the Indiana Pacers, Miami Heat, and most recently, the New Orleans Pelicans. He has also played internationally in the Turkish Basketball League. This is not the first time Liggins has faced legal trouble. In 2013, he was arrested on suspicion of domestic assault and battery after an altercation with a girlfriend. He was later cleared of those charges. As news of Liggins' most recent arrest spreads, NBA fans and commentators are already weighing in on the situation. Many are expressing disappointment and concern for Liggins and his girlfriend and son. Domestic abuse is a serious issue that has plagued the sports world for years. In recent years, several high-profile athletes have come under fire for domestic violence allegations, including NFL player Ray Rice and former MLB star Manny Ramirez. This latest incident involving Liggins serves as a reminder of the importance of addressing domestic abuse and violence in all walks of life, including professional sports. As Liggins prepares to face his legal charges, the NBA and its fans will be watching closely to see how the situation unfolds.