article: Washington (CNN) -- After several days of rumors and denials, the Justice Department finally made it official on Wednesday -- Lanny Breuer is leaving. The assistant attorney general of the Criminal Division announced he will leave government service on March 1. Breuer, best known for his defense of President Bill Clinton against impeachment efforts, has been a target of Republican critics throughout his term. Despite their best efforts, the critics were unable to pry Breuer from his post. In fact, his nearly four years in the job makes Breuer one of the longest serving Criminal Division chiefs. "Serving as assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division has been the greatest privilege of my professional life," Breuer said in a statement. "From my first day on this job nearly four years ago, I have loved it, and I am so proud of what the Criminal Division has accomplished over the past four years," Breuer said. The announcement came the day after Breuer celebrated a victory in the criminal investigation of BP in the 2010 Gulf oil disaster. A federal judge in New Orleans on Tuesday approved the largest package of criminal fines and penalties in U.S. history, which will cost BP $4 billion. Attorney General Eric Holder had named Breuer to oversee the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010. The record amount in the guilty plea allows Breuer to depart on a high note. The chief criticisms against Breuer had focused on Wall Street prosecutions -- or lack thereof -- and the ATF's Operation Fast and Furious. In regards to white collar crime, Breuer faced extensive criticism for the Justice Department's failure to bring major prosecutions against the nation's largest financial institutions responsible for financial crisis in 2008 and 2009. But Breuer insisted that the banks and their employees needed to be protected against an implosion that could cause greater problems. In several cases, he relied on deferred prosecutions that allowed the financial leaders to avoid going to jail in exchange for exhibiting good corporate behavior. In the case of Fast and Furious, Breuer was the top administration official stung by the investigations. Breuer apologized for an inaccurate letter to a senator in which the Justice Department denied the ATF allowed guns to be smuggled to Mexican drug cartels. Breuer's announcement Wednesday gave no hint about his plans.
highlights: Justice Department confirms March 1 will be his last day on the job . He's best known for his defense of President Bill Clinton against impeachment efforts . Eric Holder had named Breuer to oversee the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010 . He was criticized for Fast and Furious operation, lack of action in white collar crime cases .
id: d0dd5d62e890404675c434fd0201823d60d509a6
chatgpt: After years of leading the fight for justice in high-profile criminal cases, Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer has announced that he will be stepping down from his position at the Justice Department. March 1 will mark his last day on the job. Breuer has been a prominent figure in the legal world for many years, perhaps best known for his defense of former President Bill Clinton against impeachment efforts in the 1990s. He has also overseen a number of crucial investigations during his tenure, including the Deepwater Horizon Task Force in 2010. However, Breuer has faced criticism for his handling of several cases throughout his career. He was a central figure in the controversy surrounding the Fast and Furious operation, in which firearms were deliberately allowed to fall into the hands of Mexican drug cartels. Critics argued that this flawed strategy put law enforcement officers and citizens at risk. Breuer has also been accused of failing to hold powerful executives accountable for their actions in white collar crime cases. Some have accused him and other officials of being too cozy with Wall Street and big corporations, and of lacking the necessary political will to bring these individuals to justice. Despite these controversies, many of Breuer's colleagues have praised his dedication to the cause of justice and his tireless advocacy for victims of crime. "Lanny has been a champion of justice for his entire career," said Attorney General Eric Holder in a statement. "He has been a fierce advocate for victims and a tireless defender of the rule of law." As Breuer prepares to depart from the Justice Department, many are left wondering who will step up to fill his shoes. His successor will undoubtedly face significant challenges in a world where white collar crime continues to go unpunished and where corruption continues to threaten the fabric of our society. For Breuer, though, the future is uncertain. Some speculate that he may return to private practice or enter the world of academia. Whatever he chooses to do, his legacy in the legal world will undoubtedly endure.