article: By . Ian Gallagher, Valerie Elliot And Claudia Joseph . One of the first signs that Operation Royal Baby is in full swing will be when an armed policeman appears on the steps outside the hospital. By that time Kate will be on her way and is expected to be taken into the Lindo through one of three side entrances. Meanwhile, obstetrician Marcus Setchell will be alerted on his specially-encrypted mobile phone by the Royal couple’s private secretary, Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton. The couple have yet to pick a name for the royal baby, and have opted not to find out the sex before the birth . Assuming he is at his North London home at the time, Mr Setchell will grab his carefully prepared overnight bag and climb into his silver BMW. The six-and-a-half-mile journey to the hospital should take no more than 20 minutes. But in case of heavy traffic, he can always put the green flashing light he is entitled to use as a doctor on call on the roof of his car. In the early stages of labour, Kate is likely to have her mother Carole at her side. But sources are now indicating that Mrs Middleton will not be present during the delivery, as has been suggested. The Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital where the first child of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is expected to be born . The Lindo wing boasts state-of-the-art clinical and emergency facilities . In common with other patients, the Duchess will give birth in one of the six delivery rooms on the Lindo’s third floor, which features ‘soothing’ block colour murals by London-based artist Julian Opie. Courtiers have spoken of a ‘range’ of  finely-tuned contingency plans, quietly confident that they have thought of everything. Yet one rather important matter remains unresolved. The Mail on Sunday can reveal that William and Kate have yet to choose a name for the future heir to the throne. The couple, who asked not to be told the gender, have drawn up a shortlist of boys and girls’ names – but, like many modern couples, will only make a final decision after the baby is born.
highlights: The Duke and Duchess do not yet have a name for the royal baby . Have opted to decide once he or she is born later this month . Despite previous suggestions, Carole Middleton will not be present at the birth of the baby .
id: 2ebaa89582dcdccbc9ae73d6a5829b65fabf1f55
chatgpt: As the world eagerly awaits the arrival of the newest member of the royal family, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have announced that they have not yet decided on a name for their child. The couple has opted to make the decision once the new bundle of joy arrives later this month. Speculation has been rampant for months about what the royal baby's name will be, with many names being suggested by fans and royal enthusiasts. However, the couple has not yet revealed any details about their baby's name, preferring to keep the news a surprise until the birth. In addition to their decision to wait on the name, the Duke and Duchess have also made it clear that Carole Middleton, the mother of the Duchess of Cambridge, will not be present at the birth of the baby. While it was rumored that Middleton could be present for the birth, the couple has opted to keep the event more private. The decision to keep the birth more private also extends to the location of the birth. Unlike previous births in the royal family, the Duke and Duchess have chosen not to give birth at the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in London. Instead, the couple has opted to keep the location of the birth private, surprising many fans who had anticipated an official announcement from the Palace. Despite the lack of information about the royal baby's name and birth location, excitement in the United Kingdom and around the world continues to build. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have become hugely popular figures since their wedding last year, and their new arrival is sure to be a cause for celebration. In addition, the birth of the royal baby will have significant historical significance. The child will be seventh in line to the throne, behind their father, Prince Harry. The birth will also be a milestone for the Duke and Duchess, as it marks the first child for the couple and the first grandchild for the Prince of Wales. As the world waits for the arrival of the newest member of the royal family, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have made it clear that they want to keep the details of the birth private. While royal enthusiasts may be disappointed that they will have to wait to find out the baby's name and birth location, the couple's decision will allow them to enjoy the birth of their child in private and focus on their new family.