article: (CNN) -- Firefighters in northern Colorado face another round of nightmare conditions on Monday as high temperatures, low relative humidity and gusty winds whip a blaze near Fort Collins. The High Park Fire has consumed more than 56,000 acres so far, fire authorities said. It is about 45% contained. More than 1,700 personnel were battling the blaze. "It just feels really dire. It's scary," resident Lupe Sandoval told CNN affiliate KUSA TV. "You feel bad for everybody." The National Weather Service rates the fire risk in six Western states on Monday as "critical." Red flag warnings are posted across 10 states, warning of high winds, low humidity and warm temperatures. The High Park Fire is west of Fort Collins, has destroyed at least 181 homes, according to a statement posted on InciWeb, a U.S. multiagency fire response website. "The assessment is still under way and this number will continue to grow," the statement said. The blaze has moved through forests and neighborhoods, forcing thousands of evacuations and leaving a trail of destruction. It has claimed one life, a 62-year-old woman found dead in her burned home last week. "It will be some time before this fire is out, but our challenge now is to make sure we do everything to contain the damage," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, who oversees the Forest Service and toured the Colorado blaze. Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said a tree struck by lightning more than a week ago sparked the mammoth blaze in his state. Elsewhere in Colorado, firefighters are battling an 11,988-acre fire near Pagosa Springs that broke out last month. That blaze is 30% contained. Meanwhile Sunday, a new fire broke out and quickly spread to 200 acres near Pueblo, forcing some evacuations of residents. In New Mexico, the Whitewater Baldy complex has scorched more than 296,000 acres, the agriculture secretary said. More than 3,200 fire personnel from across the United States are helping local departments battle the fire that began on May 16. The blaze was 80% contained as of Sunday. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.
highlights: The High Park Fire burns more than 56,000 acres, fire officials say . It has destroyed at least 181 homes . More than 1,700 firefighters are battling the flames . "It just feels really dire," a Colorado resident says .
id: 35ec5680c16d72ef27995ced12aa19a892c40059
chatgpt: The High Park Fire, which has been burning in northern Colorado for more than a week, has now scorched more than 56,000 acres of land, according to fire officials. The fire, which was sparked by lightning, has forced the evacuation of thousands of residents and destroyed at least 181 homes.  The fire has been difficult to contain due to strong winds and hot, dry weather. More than 1,700 firefighters are currently battling the flames, which are only 45% contained. Firefighters are working day and night to protect homes and prevent the fire from spreading further.  "It just feels really dire," said one Colorado resident who was forced to evacuate. "You can see the smoke and flames everywhere. It's heartbreaking to see so many homes destroyed." The fire has also had a significant impact on local wildlife. Many animals have been forced to flee their habitats, and some have been burned or killed by the fire. The impacts of the fire will likely be felt for years to come. Despite the best efforts of firefighters, the High Park Fire continues to burn. Officials are urging residents to stay alert and be prepared to evacuate if necessary. The cause of the fire is still under investigation. The High Park Fire is just one of many wildfires burning across the western United States. In Utah, a fire has burned more than 1,000 acres and forced the evacuation of several homes. In New Mexico, a fire has burned more than 110,000 acres and forced the closure of a national forest. As climate change continues to impact the western United States, wildfires are becoming more frequent and more severe. It is more important than ever for residents to be prepared and for officials to take action to prevent these devastating fires from occurring.