article: Hands clasped around her 12-year-old pupil's neck, this is the horrifying moment that a furious Polish teacher tried to to strangle an epileptic boy while he was having a fit in class. Enraged that her lesson had been interrupted the educator, identified as Jadwiga Piotrowska, began throttling the boy called Kuba and telling him to stop, according to his classmates at the primary school, in the village of Sienno in east-central Poland. 'At first we didn't know what was going on and thought it was some sort of joke,' one pupil said. 'But she began to shake him and tighten her grip. Other children began crying and we begged her to let go of him.' As the 12-year-old boy called Kuba had an epileptic fit, his teacher Jadwiga Piotrowska began throttling him. His fellow pupils said she was furious that her lesson had been interrupted . The headmaster of the primary school, in the village of Sienno in east-central Poland said he had to pull her off the pupil. Czeslaw Sieczka added that he thought she must have had some sort of breakdown . Terrified that the 48-year-old would cause serious damage, the children rushed to get the school's head, Czeslaw Sieczka. 'The children burst into my office in hysterics,' said the 55-year-old education veteran. 'Fortunately the classroom is right next door to my office so I managed to get there quickly and pull her off.' He added: 'She was very excited emotionally, and she laughed and cried alternately. She said she was trying to cure him. It's the first time I've seen something like this.I can't understand what got into her.' He did not give any information about Kuba's condition. The boy is known to live at a local orphanage. As a result of the attack Sieczka said Piotrowska, who is married to the village's former mayor, had been immediately suspended from duty was receiving psychological treatment at her own request. 'She is a respected teacher with over 20 years experience,' he said. 'I can only speculate that she had a breakdown after her husband lost his position as mayor in the recent elections.' A spokesman for the local prosecutor's office said they were looking into the matter.
highlights: As the boy called Kuba had a fit, Jadwiga Piotrowska grabbed his neck . Pupils said the 48-year-old was furious that he had interrupted her lesson . As she continued to throttle him pupils ran to the headmaster . Czeslaw Sieczka pulled the 20-year teaching veteran off the boy . He said he thought she must have had a breakdown . The condition of the youngster who lives in an orphanage is unknown .
id: 2b58464a1b892108c99d5e4cf941d52739079cd5
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that has left the community in Poland aghast, a teacher has been accused of assaulting a young student during a lesson. According to eyewitnesses, Jadwiga Piotrowska, a 20-year teaching veteran, grabbed the neck of a boy called Kuba, who had a fit in her class. Pupils have said that the 48-year-old teacher was furious that Kuba's condition had interrupted her lesson, and she resorted to throttling him as he lay helpless on the ground. Eyewitnesses have described a chaotic scene as fellow pupils ran to the headmaster, Czeslaw Sieczka, for help. He immediately rushed to the classroom and pulled Piotrowska off Kuba, who was lying motionless on the ground. Sieczka later told reporters that he thought the teacher must have had a breakdown to resort to such violence against a young student. The incident has sparked outrage among parents and community members, who are demanding answers from the school authorities as to why such an incident occurred. Many have expressed shock and disbelief that a veteran teacher like Piotrowska could be capable of such brutality against a helpless child. The condition of the young boy, who reportedly lives in an orphanage, remains unknown at the moment. Doctors are evaluating his condition and the full extent of his injuries is yet to be determined. Meanwhile, Piotrowska has been suspended from her duties at the school, pending an investigation into the incident. The local police have also launched an investigation into the assault and have taken statements from eyewitnesses, pupils and school staff. They have described the incident as a serious case of child abuse and have vowed to take appropriate action against the teacher if she is found guilty. The incident has once again brought to the forefront the issue of violence against children in schools and the need for stricter regulations to prevent such incidents from occurring in the future. The community hopes that the school authorities will take swift action against those responsible and ensure that such incidents are not repeated in the future.