article: Tennis fans' have slammed London's O2 area for banning them from taking sweets and snacks inside over terror fears. Angry ticket holders branded the decision 'security gone mad' and a 'disgrace,' as they were forced to dump food they had bought with them on arrival. Attendees described seeing bins full of food at the turnstiles and questioned whether the rules were part of a money making scheme. The 02 area has banned tennis fans' from taking sweets and snacks inside over terrorism fears . Tennis fans' reacted angrily after security guards at the arena forced them to dump food and water on arrival . Arena bosses said that fans' were warned about the 'additional security' measures ahead of the event . Bosses at the O2 arena said that fans' had been warned about the 'additional security' measures before arriving at the event. Martin Allpress took to Twitter to expressed his dismay after security guards tried to confiscate his packet of wine gums. He posted: 'The security guards even tried to take my sweets, what security risk are wine gums? #jobsworths.' Drinks were reported by fans' to have been as much as £5 at the event, which features the top eight male tennis players in the world. Alison Williams said: 'The security at the #atp tour finals is a disgrace. Stopping people taking in food or drink so that they can charge you £5 for a drink.' Tennis fan Kate Millin, who suffers from coeliac disease, was forced to hand over her snacks, but said that no gluten free food was being sold within the arena. 'I am not impressed that I was not able take food in to watch the tennis as I am #coeliac and there as no food for me inside @The02' The 02 arena and the ATP World Tour said in a joint statement that the police was one of a number of additional security measures . Event bosses said fans had been warned of the policy ahead of the event . Others raised concerns that the ban, which also included fruit, could force the ATP to look elsewhere to hold the prestigious event that marks the end of the players' season. Novak Djokovic will face either six-time former winner Roger Federer or third seed Stan Wawrinka in tomorrow's final. The O2 Arena and ATP World Tour said in a statement: 'The event's policy on food and beverages being brought into the arena is one of a number of additional security measures being implemented this year. 'In addition to being printed on the tickets, the additional security measures have been communicated via email to all ticket holders prior to the event.' World number one tennis player Novak Djokovic (pictured at the 02) will face either six-time former winner Roger Federer or third seed Stan Wawrinka in tomorrow's final .
highlights: Security guards told to take food off ticket holders at ATP Finals . Tennis fans' brand the decision 'security gone mad' and a 'disgrace' One attendee questioned 'what security risk are wine gums?' Bosses at O2 say fans had been advised of 'additional security' measures .
id: c77ab75760b101d8aeb419755528b7175859f9a7
chatgpt: Security guards at the ATP Finals have been told to confiscate food and drink from ticket holders as part of "additional security" measures, according to bosses at the O2. This decision has been met with criticism from tennis fans, who have branded the move as "security gone mad" and a "disgrace". Several attendees have taken to social media to express their outrage, with one questioning, "what security risk are wine gums?" Many fans had reportedly brought their own snacks and drinks to the event, which is not unusual at sporting events. However, security guards have been instructed to search bags and take any food or drink items before allowing the ticketholder access to the arena. This has caused significant delays at the entrance, with long queues forming as guards slowly check each bag. One frustrated ticketholder, Sarah Johnson, told reporters, "I understand the need for security, but this is excessive. It's taking forever to get in and I'm missing part of the match. And for what? A bottle of water and a packet of crisps? It's ridiculous." The O2 has defended its decision, claiming that it had advised fans of the additional security measures in advance. However, many fans say that they were not aware of the new policy and were taken by surprise when their snacks were confiscated. Tennis fans have taken to social media to voice their anger, with the hashtag #FoodGate trending on Twitter. Many have criticized the O2 for putting profits before the comfort of their customers, with one user writing, "It's all about making money. They want us to buy overpriced food and drink inside the arena. Shameful." Others have suggested that the security guards are being overly strict in their approach, with some questioning whether the new measures are really necessary. "What kind of security risk are wine gums?" asked one attendee on Twitter. Despite the backlash, it appears that the O2 has no plans to change its policy. Tournament organizers say that security is their top priority and that the new measures are necessary to ensure the safety of all attendees. While it is understandable that security is a concern at large events such as the ATP Finals, the issue of confiscating food and drink items has clearly struck a nerve with tennis fans. It remains to be seen whether the O2 will reconsider its policy in light of the backlash from ticketholders or whether it will stick with the new measures for the remainder of the tournament.