article: Roberto Martinez believes Everton were denied the chance to sign Tom Cleverley on transfer deadline day as Manchester United regard them as a threat. Martinez, who had worked with Cleverley at Wigan, wanted to take the England international on a season-long loan but Everton were forced to pull out of negotiations at a late stage. Cleverley subsequently joined Aston Villa on loan but should things not work out for him in Birmingham, Martinez has hinted he would be interested in signing him next summer. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Tom Cleverley: I'm motivated to prove people wrong . Roberto Martinez says Everton couldn't sign Tom Cleverley because Manchester United consider them a threat . Roberto Martinez worked with Tom Cleverley at Wigan and says he's a big admirer of the midfielder . Tom Cleverley has left Manchester United on loan and will spend the season at Aston Villa . ‘I am a big admirer of Tom,’ said Martinez. ‘That was an opportunity that we explored on the last day of the window but it couldn't happen for different reasons. I don't think there was just one aspect. ‘It's the parent club that makes that decision. Maybe they just didn't want to send a player on loan to a club that is going to be challenging for things and finished above them last season, I don't know.’ Relations between Everton and Manchester United were strained last summer, following David Moyes leaving Goodison Park to move to Old Trafford and United’ s subsequent aggressive pursuit of Leighton Baines and Marouane Fellaini. Roberto Martinez says Everton looked at signing Tom Cleverley on the last day of the transfer window . ‘I don't think there is any bad feeling between the clubs (following Fellaini/Baines),’ said Martinez. ‘The chairman (Bill Kenwright) has a very good relationship with Manchester United and, as a football club, we are not carrying any sour grapes about anything. ‘Our information was that the player wasn't available on loan full stop. You can look at the table from last season and we finished fifth and they finished a bit lower, so from that respect you can understand. ‘But, at the same time, Aston Villa have started the season really well. They are going to be a strong team. But we can't comment on that, it is down to Manchester United. A situation with Cleverley came up that I was happy to explore. In the end it didn't work out.’
highlights: Roberto Martinez wanted to bring Tom Cleverley to Everton in the summer . He claimed Manchester United didn't allow the move because they consider the Toffees a threat after they finished ahead of them in the Premier League . Martinez said o the midfielder: 'I am a big admirer of Tom' Cleverley is now working under Paul Lambert on loan at Aston Villa .
id: 8e92c2007c60afa8aaa304fe8e389c363858c1d1
chatgpt: Roberto Martinez, the Everton manager, has revealed that he tried to sign midfielder Tom Cleverley from Manchester United during the summer transfer window. However, he claimed that the move was blocked by United because they view Everton as a threat after finishing above them in the Premier League last season. Martinez has been a long-time admirer of Cleverley, who has struggled to establish himself as a first-team regular at Old Trafford under former manager Louis van Gaal. The Spaniard was keen to offer the Englishman a fresh start at Goodison Park, where he believed he could help him rediscover his best form. "I am a big admirer of Tom Cleverley," Martinez said in an interview with the Liverpool Echo. "We wanted to bring him to Everton in the summer, but Manchester United didn't allow the move. I think they see us as a threat after we finished above them in the league last season." Cleverley eventually joined Aston Villa on loan in September, where he has already shown signs of a revival under the guidance of newly-appointed manager Paul Lambert. He scored the winning goal in Villa's 1-0 victory over local rivals Birmingham City in the League Cup earlier this month, and has been praised for his performances in training. The 26-year-old's loan deal with Villa expires at the end of the season, and it remains uncertain whether he will return to Old Trafford or seek a permanent move elsewhere. Martinez, however, could be tempted to revive his interest in the player if he becomes available. Everton have struggled for form in the early stages of the new Premier League campaign, winning just two of their opening eight fixtures. Martinez has come under increasing pressure from supporters and the media to turn their fortunes around, and will be eager to strengthen his squad in the upcoming transfer windows. Cleverley could prove to be a valuable asset to the Toffees, particularly given his versatility and experience in English football. He has made over 100 appearances in the Premier League for United and previous loan clubs Watford and Wigan Athletic, and has also represented England at international level. For now, though, Cleverley's focus will be on helping Villa climb the Premier League table and avoid relegation to the Championship. If he can continue to impress under Lambert's guidance, it is likely that his future will be the subject of much speculation in the coming months.