article: (CNN) -- A top human rights advocacy group on Friday denounced what it claimed were the overnight executions of nine prisoners in Gambia, calling President Yahya Jammeh's stated intent to clear death row after a decades-long moratorium "a step back." The reports of the executions were the first since the Gambian president announced several days ago that he wanted all inmates sentenced to death to be executed by mid-September. The tiny West African nation had last executed a prisoner about 30 years ago. Citing what it deemed "reliable sources," Amnesty International reported in a statement that eight men and one woman were taken from their prison cells on Thursday and killed. Three of those allegedly executed had been sentenced for treason, and two of the nine were Senegalese, said the group. "We strongly denounce the executions of the nine and see this as a step back for the country," Amnesty spokesman Alex Edwards told CNN on Friday. "The president should issue a moratorium and cease all executions." By the end of last year, Gambia had at least 42 people on death row, including two women, according to human rights activists. Three men have since received a death sentence this year, Amnesty said. Jammeh announced the new policy -- though it wasn't unclear what prompted him to change the stance -- in a speech on state media Sunday that was rebroadcast Monday. "All punishments prescribed by law will be maintained in the country to ensure that criminals get what they deserve: that is, that those who kill are killed," he said. "By the middle of next month, all the death sentences would have been carried out to the letter." The nation imposes capital punishment for various crimes, including murder and treason, the latter commonly used to stifle dissent in some African nations. In 2010, British human rights group Reprieve said Gambia introduced the death penalty for those found with more than 250 grams of cocaine or heroin. It's unclear whether that law still stands. In 2009, Jammeh made a similar threat to resume executions, but did not act on it, Amnesty said. Jammeh took power in a military coup in 1994 and was elected president two years later. Gambia's human rights record has drawn steady criticism since his election, but the president has won supporters by building new hospitals, schools and other infrastructure. CNN's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report.
highlights: Gambian authorities take 9 inmates from their cells and execute them, Amnesty says . President Yahya Jammeh has said death row will be cleared by September . An Amnesty spokesman says the executions mark "a step back" for Gambia .
id: 253815c796d55578a352c887c6065d8eb1e6a1cb
chatgpt: Late on Thursday, Gambian authorities reportedly executed nine inmates, drawing condemnation from Amnesty International. The human rights organization called the move, which saw inmates taken from their cells and executed, "a step back" for Gambia. President Yahya Jammeh had previously stated his intentions to clear death row by September.  The nine prisoners had all been on death row for a myriad of crimes, ranging from murder to treason. While the government has not commented on the executions, there are concerns that more could be carried out in the coming months, as part of the President's push to clear the country's death row.  Amnesty International has long been a critic of the Gambian government's use of capital punishment, and the recent actions by authorities further highlight the risks faced by those on death row in the country. Speaking about the executions, Sabrina Mahtani, Amnesty International's West and Central Africa Deputy Director, stated, "The President must halt all further executions, immediately and establish an official moratorium on the use of the death penalty once and for all".  The use of the death penalty has long been a controversial issue in Gambia, with human rights organizations calling for its abolition. In 2019, the country reportedly had over 20 individuals on death row, with concerns about the fairness of trials and the use of torture to extract confessions. However, President Jammeh has long been a proponent of the death penalty, citing it as an important tool in deterring crime. These latest executions appear to be a continuation of his tough stance on law and order.  As the international community continues to monitor the situation in Gambia, there are growing concerns about the human rights situation in the country. Freedom of expression and association have been severely curtailed, with activists, journalists and opposition politicians facing harassment and persecution. The latest executions only serve to highlight the lack of respect for human rights in the country.  In conclusion, Gambian authorities' latest actions to execute nine inmates have been criticized by Amnesty International, who has called it "a step back" for the country. Human rights organizations like Amnesty International have long criticized the country's use of capital punishment, with concerns about the fairness of trials and the use of torture to extract confessions. While President Yahya Jammeh has said death row will be cleared by September, there are growing concerns about the human rights situation in the country.