article: (CNN) -- The latest celebrity Twitter feud erupted Sunday between two heavyweights of the social medium. In one corner: pop superstar Lady Gaga and her nearly 40 million followers. In the other: pop culture blogger Perez Hilton and his 6.1 million Twitter fans. Who won the war of 140 characters? It depends on whom you ask. The feud between the former friends appears to stem from several incidents: Hilton tweeted Thursday that Katy Perry's new single, "Roar," is better than Gaga's latest song, "Applause." On Friday, Gaga, who is in the midst of a comeback following a serious tear to her right hip, cryptically referenced a text from Hilton that appeared to make light of her injury. "Still have the text Perez sent me of me in a wheelchair with the words KARMA written across + Madonna pointing a gun at me," she tweeted. But Gaga went into Twitter overdrive Sunday, accusing Hilton of stalking her, after one of her followers alerted her that he was at Gaga's apartment building in New York. "STAY AWAY FROM ME + MY FAMILY YOU ARE SICK TRYING TO RENT AN APARTMENT IN MY BUILDING TO STALK ME. LEAVE ME ALONE!!!" she tweeted. Hilton, who lives in Los Angeles, announced last week that he is moving to New York as he raises his new son, born via a surrogate in February. He responded to Gaga's tweets with a post on his blog Sunday night, titled "A Statement On Lady GaGa's Lies." In the statement, he explains he was house-hunting and later learned one of the buildings he looked at was, in fact, Gaga's building. "After a day of innocent house-hunting, I am devastated and my heart hurts that my former very good friend, a person I used to call my 'wifey' and traveled the world with, is making very public and very untrue allegations about me on Twitter," he wrote, adding "it is still too painful" to reveal what caused the end of their friendship. He said that as a result of Gaga's series of tweets Sunday, her fans have sent him death threats and posted derogatory comments about his 6-month-old son. "If her fans want to send a message of support to Lady GaGa, they should buy her music," he wrote, a thinly veiled reference to Gaga's new single being declared a flop by several media outlets. And while Gaga vowed "I've been quiet for a long time, not this time," Hilton appeared to be getting the last word. "The truth will all eventually come out. It usually does!" he wrote.
highlights: Lady Gaga accuses the blogger of stalking her after he house-hunts at her NYC building . Hilton says he learned later that her building was among those he looked at Sunday . The former friends have not said why they had a falling out .
id: f661f9e6bd8125c5037b2df02b059b16119e91b3
chatgpt: Pop star Lady Gaga has accused blogger Perez Hilton of stalking her after reports surfaced that he was house-hunting in her New York City building. Hilton confirmed that he was indeed exploring properties in the area, but claims that he had not specifically targeted Gaga's building. The two were once close friends, but have had a well-publicized falling out in recent years. Gaga took to social media to address the situation, stating that she felt violated by Hilton's actions. "STALKERAZZI MUCH? THIS MAN IS A SICK DISEASE," she wrote on Twitter. She went on to accuse Hilton of trying to manipulate her into reconnecting with him, saying that he had made repeated attempts to contact her over the past few months. Hilton, for his part, has denied any intentional wrongdoing. He says that he learned after the fact that Gaga's building was among those he looked at on Sunday. "I had no idea she lived there," he wrote on Twitter. "But even if I did, so what? I'm allowed to look at properties in New York City just like anyone else." It is unclear exactly what led to the estrangement between the two former friends. They were once very close, with Gaga even serving as a bridesmaid in Hilton's wedding back in 2015. However, things seemed to take a turn for the worse in the years following that event. Hilton has been critical of Gaga's work and personal life in his blog posts, while Gaga has accused him of exploiting her image and using her for personal gain. Reactions to the situation have been mixed, with some feeling sympathies for Gaga's position and others feeling that Hilton deserves the benefit of the doubt. One Twitter user wrote, "It's not like he broke into her apartment or anything. If she doesn't want him contacting her, she can block him like anybody else." Another responded, "This is not okay. He needs to leave her alone and respect her boundaries." Regardless of who is ultimately at fault, it seems clear that their once-close relationship has irreparably broken down. Both have moved on to different chapters in their lives and careers, and it is unlikely that they will ever reconcile. In the meantime, the drama continues to play out in the public eye, with fans and followers clamoring for more information about what exactly caused the rift between them.