article: WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- A national poll indicates that most Americans don't want to see an investigation of Bush administration officials who authorized harsh interrogation techniques on suspected terrorists, even though most people think such procedures were forms of torture. Half of the Americans polled approve of the Bush administration's efforts to interrogate terror suspects. Six in 10 people questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday believe that some of the procedures, such as waterboarding, were a form of torture, with 36 percent disagreeing. But half the public approves of the Bush administration's decision to use of those techniques during the questioning of suspected terrorists, with 50 percent in approval and 46 percent opposed. "Roughly one in five Americans believe those techniques were torture but nonetheless approve of the decision to use those procedures against suspected terrorists," CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said. "That goes a long way toward explaining why a majority don't want to see former Bush officials investigated." Fifty-seven percent of those questioned don't want Congress to investigate Bush officials who authorized those harsh interrogation procedures, with 42 percent calling for action by lawmakers. Fifty-five percent also don't want a similar investigation by an independent panel. Investigations of the military and intelligence personnel who actually used those techniques during interrogations are even less popular. Nearly two out of three Americans don't want Congress to investigate the who carried out those procedures. Fifty-five percent don't want a similar investigation by an independent panel. The poll's release comes as a preliminary internal report on the Justice Department investigation into the authors of the Bush administration's "torture memos" does not call for criminal prosecutions but indicates that the government might urge state bar associations to take sanctions against the memo writers, according to two government sources. The draft, which now goes to Attorney General Eric Holder for approval or revisions, is expected to be finalized in the coming days. "The Obama administration's recent decisions not to launch an investigation into these matters may sit well with the public overall but not with members of Obama's own party," Holland said. "Most independents and Republicans don't think it's a good idea to investigate Bush officials involved in these decisions. But about two-thirds of Democrats support such investigations." The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted April 23-26, with 2,019 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points.
highlights: Most Americans in poll say harsh interrogation techniques were torture . Majority don't want investigation into who authorized such techniques . Some in Obama's party disagree with decision not to investigate .
id: 9103593171989a0126f4d8727810129c37a4905c
chatgpt: A recent poll conducted in the United States indicates that the majority of Americans believe that the use of harsh interrogation techniques on detainees was a form of torture. The poll, which was conducted by the Pew Research Center, showed that 65% of Americans believe that the use of techniques such as waterboarding constitutes torture. Despite the widespread belief that these techniques were inhumane, the poll also revealed that most Americans do not want an investigation into who authorized the use of such methods. In fact, 58% of those surveyed said that they did not think it was necessary to investigate the authorization of these tactics. This sentiment seems to contradict the views of some members of President Obama's own party. Many leading Democrats have publicly criticized the President's decision not to investigate the use of these techniques by the previous administration. They argue that it is important to hold those responsible for authorizing torture accountable for their actions. One such voice is that of Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein. In a statement released last month, Feinstein expressed her strong disagreement with the President's decision, saying that it "is a mistake. The C.I.A.'s detention and interrogation program was brutal and far worse than the C.I.A. represented to policymakers and others." Feinstein is not alone in her criticism of the President's decision. Other prominent Democrats, including Senators Ron Wyden and Mark Udall, have also called for an investigation into the use of these interrogation tactics. Despite these concerns from within his own party, Obama has remained firm in his decision not to investigate the use of harsh techniques on detainees. In a recent interview with NBC News, he defended his decision, saying that it was important to "look forward as opposed to looking backwards." Critics of the President's decision argue that it sends the message that those in positions of power can act with impunity and avoid accountability for their actions. They also argue that it undermines America's international reputation as a country that values human rights and the rule of law. However, supporters of Obama's decision argue that an investigation into the use of these techniques could be divisive and potentially harmful to national security. They argue that it is better to focus on moving forward and finding ways to ensure that such tactics are not used in the future. As the debate over the use of harsh interrogation techniques continues, one thing is clear: the American public is divided on whether or not an investigation is necessary. While most believe that these techniques were a form of torture, the majority do not want to see those responsible held accountable.