article: (CNN) -- Federal authorities arrested a man suspected of taking part in a plot to abduct a prosecutor's father on behalf of a prisoner serving a life sentence in North Carolina, the FBI said Monday. The FBI's Philadelphia bureau took Jakym Tibbs, 21, into custody early Monday at a residence in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, FBI spokeswoman Shelley Lynch said. He was expected to appear in federal court in Harrisburg later in the day, Lynch said. The FBI had offered a $25,000 reward for Tibbs and Quantavious Thompson, 18. Thompson was arrested last Wednesday and is scheduled to be in court later this week. "It is too soon to determine whether the reward offered played a role in his capture. The investigation into the kidnapping of Frank Janssen from his home in Wake Forest, North Carolina, is ongoing," Lynch said in a statement. Tibbs' apprehension marks the seventh arrest in the April 5 abduction of Janssen. He was rescued by police five days later at an apartment in Atlanta. The kidnappers sent demands to Janssen's family "for the benefit" of Kelvin Melton, an inmate at Polk Correctional Institution in Butner, North Carolina, according to an affidavit in support of a search warrant related to criminal complaints against the defendants. Janssen's daughter, Colleen Janssen, is an assistant district attorney in Wake County and had prosecuted Melton, officials said. Melton is serving a life sentence without parole. Authorities said they traced a call to Melton's prison cell, from where he allegedly communicated with the kidnappers. The FBI said the group planned to kill Janssen and bury him at the apartment complex, which is near the federal penitentiary in Atlanta, according to CNN affiliate WXIA. CNN's Michael Martinez, Vivian Kuo and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report.
highlights: FBI: 2nd man arrested after $25,000 reward issued in two-state kidnapping plot . Jakym Tibbs taken into custody at a residence in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, FBI says . Tibbs' marks 7th arrest in connection with April 5 kidnapping of Frank Janssen . Janssen's daughter prosecuted man who concocted plot from prison, authorities say .
id: 86626fa937a4c6ebf0bba45e4a8afbbd2df8fca7
chatgpt: The FBI has made another arrest in connection with the kidnapping of Frank Janssen on April 5th. Jakym Tibbs was taken into custody at a residence in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania after a $25,000 reward was issued. This marks the seventh arrest in the case.  Janssen's daughter, a prosecutor, played a key role in stopping the crime. She investigated the case and discovered that the plan to kidnap her father was hatched by Kelvin Melton, who was serving a life sentence in prison. Melton was reportedly seeking revenge against the prosecutor who put him away.  Melton used a contraband cell phone to communicate with others outside of prison and orchestrated the kidnapping. He allegedly hired accomplices to kidnap Janssen from his Wake Forest, North Carolina, home and transport him to Atlanta, Georgia.  After learning about the kidnapping plan, Janssen's daughter worked with the FBI and law enforcement in both North Carolina and Georgia to track down her father's whereabouts. She was able to provide crucial information to authorities that led to the successful rescue of Janssen in Atlanta on April 9th. Since then, the FBI has been working tirelessly to track down those involved in the kidnapping plot. Tibbs' arrest brings the total number of people in custody to seven, including Melton.  Janssen's daughter has spoken out about the importance of prosecuting those involved in the crime. In a statement, she said, "I am deeply appreciative of the tireless effort and resources put forth by federal, state and local law enforcement agencies in this case. I hope that justice will be served and that all of those responsible for this heinous crime will be held accountable for their actions." The FBI has stated that their investigation is ongoing and they will continue to work tirelessly to bring all involved in the kidnapping to justice.