article: By . Ben Spencer . Do you regularly have more than six drinks in one sitting? Or do you regret a drunken escapade that took place in the past year? If you have answered yes to either question, you may have a drink problem, according to research. A paper published by Leicester University advises that GPs should change the way they approach the subject of drinking in routine appointments . A paper published by Leicester University today advises that GPs change the way they approach drinking in routine appointments. The study found that a positive answer to either of these two questions can correctly identify those with alcohol problems in 87 per cent of cases. Although these are not strong enough results to immediately diagnose someone as an alcoholic, it is enough to effectively rule out those with no drink problem. And those who do pose a concern should be referred on for further questioning which can establish a more accurate picture. If the research, published today in the British Journal of General Practice, is taken on board it could spell an end to GPs asking how many units someone drinks a week. According to the research, GPs should instead ask, ‘Do you drink six or more drinks on one occasion once a month or more frequently?’ And follow it up with: ‘As a result of your drinking, did anything happen in the last year that you wish didn’t happen?’ If a patient answers positively to either question, a second set of four more detailed questions should be asked. The research team believe the findings could make it easier for GPs to identify drinking problems which would otherwise remain hidden. Patients’ answers could either rule out alcohol issues, or could bring to light potentially excessive or unsafe drinking habits. Dr Alex Mitchell, whose team analysed 17 previous alcohol studies involving 5,646 patients, said: ‘There is great time pressure in primary care. ‘GPs don’t have the time to ask a long list of questions for every single patient. The shorter the survey, the more acceptable it is for GP – but the greater the danger that it is inaccurate. ‘Our work shows that asking just two questions to patients works modestly well, but they need to be followed up by a longer questionnaire of four questions in those who initially screen positive.’ The researchers found that asking two questions could correctly identify those with alcohol problems in 87.2 per cent of cases, and correctly identify those who did not have alcohol problems in 79.8 per cent of cases. Dr Mitchell added: ‘At the moment, GPs ask patients about alcohol problems during about 3 per cent of consultations. ‘Routine screening using simple questions are an attempt to improve the situation.’
highlights: Research advises GPs to change approach to drinking in appointments . Study by Leicester University found doctors should ask two key questions . It said the answers could effectively rule out those without a drink problem .
id: 3919a9f42a4a6b69e73ec1eca7e401867e8cb3f1
chatgpt: A new study conducted by Leicester University has advised that general practitioners (GPs) change their approach when discussing drinking habits with patients during appointments. The researchers have recommended that doctors ask two key questions that could effectively rule out those who do not have a drink problem. The study, led by Professor Paul Aveyard and published in the British Journal of General Practice, involved over 23,000 patients across 94 GP surgeries in England. The researchers found that asking two simple questions, "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?" and "How many drinks do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?" could help doctors identify those with risky drinking habits that can lead to alcohol-related health problems. According to the study, answering "never" to the first question and "1-2 drinks" to the second would effectively rule out those who do not have a drink problem. Those who answered otherwise were further assessed by their GP for signs of alcohol dependence or other related issues. The researchers found that only 30 seconds were needed to ask these two questions and that it could help to identify people who are drinking harmfully or excessively, leading to earlier interventions or referrals to specialists who could help manage the condition. This approach was found to be better at identifying those with heavy drinking patterns than the current UK guidelines which suggest that GPs should ask questions about how much alcohol is consumed each week. The study's authors said their findings could help change the way doctors approach drinking habits, as they often miss the opportunity to identify and advise patients about hazardous drinking. Professor Aveyard said: "The two questions are easy to ask, take less than 30 seconds and could help GPs identify risky drinking." The issue of harmful drinking and its effects on people's health has been a major concern for health professionals for many years. According to NHS England, alcohol-related harm costs the NHS £3.5bn a year and causes over 7,000 deaths annually. The study has been welcomed by several health organizations, including Public Health England and the Royal College of General Practitioners. Dr Richard Vautrey, the chair of the British Medical Association’s GP committee, said that "GPs are already adept at discussing sensitive issues with patients, but this research highlights the benefits of a simple and structured approach to addressing alcohol use." While the study presents a positive step in the right direction, there is still much to be done to tackle the issue of harmful drinking within the country. As the UK continues to grapple with the coronavirus pandemic, addressing alcohol-related health problems has never been more critical, and this study might be the first step in addressing this issue from a healthcare perspective.