article: NEW YORK (CNN) -- A day before the United Nations held a climate change summit, New York City was blanketed with 100,000 fake copies of the New York Post tabloid, filled with content related to climate change. The Yes Men activist group says everything in the bogus edition of the tabloid is "100 percent" true. But the Post, owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., wasn't impressed, calling the effort by perennial pranksters the Yes Men a "Witless Spoof in Flawless Format" in a statement released Tuesday, a day after the faux Post hit the streets. The overall endeavor, the Post said, was a "limp effort," and the fraudulent newspaper "has none of the wit and insight New Yorkers expect from their favorite paper. The Post will not be hiring any of their headline writers." A phony "Early City Special" edition of the popular tabloid greeted millions of New York City commuters early Monday with a blaring "WE'RE SCREWED" headline. The headline and everything else in the 32-page publication, including some bogus advertisements and comics, revolved around climate change. Even the Post's notorious "Page Six" gossip and "Best Sports in Town" sections were spoofed with various true celebrity and sports articles connected to the green movement and climate change awareness. A statement released by the Yes Men, an activist group whose members have posed as officials and spokesmen of various organizations, companies and agencies, said that although their version of the New York Post is a fake, "everything in it is 100 percent true, with all facts carefully checked by a team of editors and climate change experts."  Watch protesters don "SurvivaBalls" near U.N. » . The Post parody appeared a day before Tuesday's U.N. climate change summit, "where Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will push 100 world leaders to make serious commitments to reduce carbon emissions in the lead-up to the Copenhagen climate conference in December," the group said. The United Nations said that 54 presidents, 35 prime ministers and one prince were attending Tuesday's events. Former Vice President Al Gore and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair also were involved. Yes Men spokeswoman Natalie Johns said the aim of the stunt was to "report really important and relevant issues that have not been in the press a day before a U.N. climate meeting." Johns said the fake New York Post printing cost between $30,000 and $40,000, and was funded by numerous private donations of various amounts. On November 12, 2008, New Yorkers awoke to the organization's first prank-in-print, finding strategically located "special editions" of The New York Times around the city. The counterfeit Times, dated July 4, 2009, centered on the fictitious conclusion of the Iraq war, as well as other matters connected with the end of the Bush administration. The Yes Men also have posed as spokesmen for organizations including the World Trade Organization and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Their activities were documented in the 2003 film "The Yes Men."
highlights: Fake edition of New York Post has ads, "Page Six" column related to climate change . 10,000 copies blanket city a day before United Nations climate change summit . Activist group Yes Men says aim of the stunt is to reveal underreported issues . News Corp., owner of the real New York Post, calls endeavor a "limp effort"
id: f0088a82fc9e8f2ccaca8f1067e68458bb9af045
chatgpt: A fake edition of the New York Post was distributed around the city yesterday, with ads and a "Page Six" column related to climate change. The publication was printed on newsprint and imitated the layout of the real Post. Approximately 10,000 copies were distributed the day before the United Nations climate change summit. Activist group Yes Men has claimed responsibility for the fake edition, with the goal of drawing attention to underreported issues related to climate change. The organization is known for its elaborate hoaxes, including impersonating representatives of the World Trade Organization and Dow Chemical. Their latest stunt was carried out in collaboration with members of Beyond Oil and Gas, Occupy the Pipeline, and Rainforest Action Network. "We wanted to use humor and parody to highlight these important issues that are often neglected by the mainstream media," said a spokesperson for Yes Men. "Climate change is one of the most urgent problems facing our planet, and it's not getting the attention it deserves."  The fake New York Post included numerous ads from companies associated with climate change, including ExxonMobil, Chevron, and Shell. The "Page Six" column featured celebrities and their involvement in climate activism, as well as news and gossip about the fashion industry's impact on the environment. News Corp., the company that owns the real New York Post, released a statement condemning the fake edition as a "limp effort" that "only serves to confuse and mislead the public." However, many on social media praised the message and impact of the activist group's action. "Yes Men have done it again!" tweeted climate activist Bill McKibben. "Their latest fake New York Post calls out the huge petroleum corporations for their role in the disastrous climate crisis."  The fake edition also included a phony endorsement from President Trump, along with headlines mocking his administration's policies on the environment. The Yes Men spokesperson said that the inclusion of Trump was intentional, as the President has been a vocal skeptic of climate change and has taken actions to roll back environmental protections. "We wanted to show how absurd it is that the leader of our country isn't taking this issue seriously," the spokesperson said. "Climate change is not a hoax, but the deniers in power are the real fakers." While the distribution of the fake New York Post may have been a one-time event, the Yes Men hope that it will continue the conversation about climate change and inspire others to take action in their communities. "We want people to realize that they can make a difference and that they have the power to demand change," the spokesperson said. "We hope this stunt will be a catalyst for further action and innovation."