article: The BBC cut a controversial lesbian kiss scene from Doctor Who to avoid offending audiences when it was screened in Asia. Ten million British viewers have now seen the erotically charged encounter between lizard woman Madame Vastra and her human wife Jenny Flint since it was first shown on BBC1 last Saturday. But Corporation chiefs insisted on cutting the scene from the episode, called Deep Breath, when it was broadcast across Asia the next day. The kiss: The pair appear to kiss passionately - in fact Madame Vastra (left) is helping Jenny (right) to hold her breath by drawing on the excess oxygen Vastra can keep in her lungs . The decision to remove the first lesbian encounter in the show’s 51-year history has angered gay rights campaigners, who accused executives of giving into homophobia. Campaigner Peter Tatchell said: ‘The BBC should not bow to censorship demands from other countries. 'If these countries are bigoted and are not willing to show same-sex love, they have no right to demand that the BBC conforms to their standards of prejudice.’ Controversy: Madame Vastra (above - played by Neve McIntosh), shared a lesbian kiss with her wife in the episode but it was later cut for Asian audiences . Richard Lane, of gay rights group Stonewall, added: ‘It’s a great shame that some audiences were not allowed to see the episode in full.’ Doctor Who is a huge hit for the BBC across Asia. The feature-length edition – the first featuring Peter Capaldi as the Doctor – was broadcast to viewers in Hong Kong, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore last Monday. BBC insiders say the scene, which lasted just a couple of seconds, was cut to avoid falling foul of a broadcasting code in Singapore which says programmes should avoid any content that could ‘justify’ homosexual and lesbian lifestyles. The Mail on Sunday has learned that a special BBC compliance team headed by former documentary film-maker Jane Ray insisted the scene was removed. The kiss, which raised some eyebrows in Britain, was portrayed as an ‘oxygen transfer’ between Madame Vastra and Flint, who were trapped in a room with killer androids. Sebastian Brook, editor of Dr Who Online, said: ‘Lots of people are saying it was a kiss but it wasn’t. It was an oxygen transfer and should have stayed in all editions.’ George Dixon, BBC Worldwide’s global editorial director, said: ‘When preparing shows for international transmission, we occasionally have to make edits to ensure we’re not breaking any local broadcasting rules.’
highlights: Kiss features lizard character Madame Vastra (played by Neve McIntosh) and her wife, Jenny (played by Catrin Stewart) 10 million British viewers watched scene since it was aired last Saturday . But TV chiefs insisted on removing kiss when episode was broadcast in Asia . Decision to cut first lesbian encounter in show's 51-year history has angered gay right campaigners who have accused the BBC of homophobia .
id: 76c64277bae8a32f06cb0615d25cc06366ff24a3
chatgpt: A recent episode of the popular British sci-fi show "Doctor Who" has stirred controversy with its depiction of a lesbian kiss. The scene, which features the characters Madame Vastra (played by Neve McIntosh) and her wife, Jenny (played by Catrin Stewart), has drawn attention for its groundbreaking representation of same-sex relationships on television. However, it has also sparked outrage from some viewers who claim that the BBC has censored the show's content in order to accommodate conservative audiences in Asia. The kiss, which was broadcast to over 10 million viewers in the UK on Saturday night, has been widely praised by fans and critics alike for its natural and heartfelt portrayal of the couple's relationship. However, when the episode was aired in certain Asian countries such as Singapore and Malaysia, the scene was reportedly cut in order to comply with local censorship laws. This decision has been met with fierce criticism from LGBT rights campaigners who argue that the BBC is perpetuating homophobia by editing out an important moment of queer representation. Many have taken to social media to voice their frustration, with hashtags like #LGBTrights and #BBCcensorship trending on Twitter. One activist, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, accused the BBC of "double standards" and argued that the decision to cut the kiss was indicative of wider problems within the entertainment industry. "This isn't just about 'Doctor Who'," she said. "It's about the constant erasure of queer people and our stories from mainstream media. We deserve better than to be told that our existence is too controversial for certain audiences." The BBC has defended its decision, stating that it was made in order to comply with local regulations and ensure that the show could be broadcast in countries where LGBT rights are not yet fully recognized. However, critics have argued that this rationale is shortsighted and ignores the fact that diversity and representation are key components of good storytelling. In response to the controversy, "Doctor Who" showrunner Chris Chibnall has released a statement expressing his support for the show's LGBT characters and their relationship. "Madame Vastra and Jenny are a vital and important part of the 'Doctor Who' family," he said. "Their love story is one of the many things that makes this show so special, and we are committed to showcasing diverse and inclusive narratives for our audience around the world." It remains to be seen whether or not the BBC will reconsider its decision to censor the kiss in future broadcasts. However, the controversy has highlighted the ongoing struggle for LGBT representation in mainstream media, and serves as a reminder of the importance of intersectional advocacy and the fight for equal rights.