article: Prolific shoplifters are being tracked by road cameras to stop them stealing in the build up to Christmas. Police are using automatic number plate recognition to crack down on thieves at a time of when retailers see an annual boom in shoplifting. The technology was used to keep shoplifters away from busy shopping centres in Durham this week. Scroll down for video . Police are using automatic number plate recognition to track shoplifters in the build up to Christmas . Teams of police carried out the operation in the city's Arnison Shopping Centre, Belmont Retail Park, Dragonville Retail Park and on patrol in the city centre this week. More than 10,000 covert Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras around the UK photograph and record the registration numbers of 14 million motorists in the UK every day. The cameras are usually used to monitor the movements of stolen cars and known criminals, but are now being used in the battle against shop thefts. Durham police Sgt Jim Cowell said: 'The operation has been a success. We had patrol cars in the main shopping areas around the city.' Officers in north east England have been using the technology this week in a bid to deter theives . He added: 'We deterred potential shoplifters from coming into the area and we are planning on carrying out the operation every day from now on.' The technology is just one of the ways police forces are trying to crack down on festive season thieves. In Pontypridd, Wales, officers are sending Christmas cards to offenders reminding them they are banned from the town's centre. Shoplifting and fraud over the Christmas period costs British retailers more than £1billion, as thieves head out to steal presents, food and alcohol. The crime rose by three per cent last year with the latest figures showing more than 320,000 recorded incidents a year. Tomorrow has been dubbed 'Black Friday' by some retailers, a day of pre-Christmas sales started in the US but now moving to Britain.
highlights: Retailers report boom in shoplifting in the build up to festive season . Police have vowed to crack down on the crime to reduce shop losses . They are now employing number plate cameras to track criminals . The technology was used to stop thieves in north east England this week .
id: 59c5e3e8488e1268840bcda98a41f0dd7bcf7c97
chatgpt: With the festive season only a few weeks away, retailers are reporting an increase in the number of shoplifting incidents. In response to this trend, police forces across the country have vowed to step up their efforts to crack down on this crime and reduce shop losses. One tool that is being employed by police officers is the use of number plate cameras. These cameras are designed to track and identify individuals who are involved in shoplifting crimes. The use of this technology has already proven successful in several locations around the country, including north east England. This week, police officers in north east England used number plate cameras to stop a group of thieves who were attempting to steal from a local retailer. The cameras were able to capture the license plate number of the vehicle that the thieves were driving, which allowed the police to quickly identify and apprehend them. While the use of number plate cameras is proving to be effective, retailers are also being encouraged to take additional measures to prevent shoplifting. This includes placing security tags on high-value items, installing CCTV cameras, and training staff members to be vigilant for suspicious behavior. In addition to these measures, police forces are also encouraging members of the public to report any suspicious activity that they witness. This can include individuals who are loitering around retail stores, acting furtively, or carrying large bags. Overall, the increase in shoplifting incidents in the lead up to the festive season is a cause for concern. However, with the use of number plate cameras and other measures, police forces are confident that they will be able to crack down on this crime and prevent further losses for retailers. As the festive season approaches, it is important for both retailers and members of the public to remain vigilant and take steps to prevent shoplifting. By working together, it is possible to reduce the impact of this crime and ensure that everyone can enjoy a safe and happy holiday season.