article: London (CNN) -- The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attract crowds of cameramen and hoards of press photographers everywhere they go -- even when they aren't really there. Wax models of William and Kate went on display at Madame Tussauds in London Wednesday, and were immediately swamped by onlookers keen to get close to the "royal couple." The figures, which cost more than $230,000 each to make, are shown in copies of the outfits they wore when they announced their engagement in November 2010, complete with a replica of the ring once worn by William's mother Diana, Princess of Wales. "Since the royal wedding, guests from all around the world have been asking where is Catherine? We want to come and have our photo taken with her," said Madame Tussauds spokeswoman Liz Edwards. "So we've recreated the iconic moment where they announced to the world that they are in love with each other." A team of artists and model makers spent four months working on the couple. Kate's hair alone took six weeks, each individual strand of real, ethically-sourced human hair inserted by hand. "It's really important for us that when people come and stand next to them, that they are seeing a piece of that real person," said Edwards. Unlike the subjects of most other Madame Tussauds waxworks, the company said William and Kate did not "sit" for their figures, but St James's Palace provided all the key measurements, and the finished pieces have been given the royal seal of approval. Other versions of the models will go on display at Madame Tussauds' attractions in Amsterdam and New York, and in Blackpool, in northern England. In each city, "Kate" will be shown in a different outfit: A lilac Alexander McQueen gown worn on the couple's U.S. tour in New York, a black lace Temperley London dress worn to a film premiere in Amsterdam, and a Jenny Packham gown worn at a charity dinner in Blackpool. Early reactions to the new figures suggest they are set to prove almost as popular as the real thing. "Unfortunately I don't think we'll ever get to meet the real ones," one visitor told CNN. "This is definitely a good substitute." "It's great," said another. "I can't see the difference between them and the real people." Madame Tussaud was born Marie Grosholtz in France in 1761, and learned to sculpt wax as a teenager -- her early subjects included Voltaire and Benjamin Franklin -- and went on to become a favorite of King Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette. During the French Revolution, she was imprisoned, and later commissioned to create death masks of many of those put to death on the guillotine. In 1802, she brought her waxworks to Britain and toured the country before settling in London, where she lived until her death in 1850.
highlights: Wax figures of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge unveiled at Madame Tussauds in London . The models took a team of artists four months to create -- at a cost of more than $230,000 each . London waxworks dressed, posed to recreate engagement announcement in 2010 . Other models of the couple are to go on display in New York, Amsterdam and Blackpool, England .
id: 7808c6d4372b9a670eaaff3c0a3b121bbd63ec0d
chatgpt: Madame Tussauds in London has unveiled the latest addition to its esteemed collection, wax figures of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The models, which took a team of skilled artists more than four months to create, cost more than $230,000 each. The London waxworks of Prince William and his wife, Kate, have been dressed and posed to recreate their engagement announcement, which drew global attention in 2010. The figures, which are dressed in replicas of the outfits worn by the royals during their public announcement, feature intricate details and lifelike appearances, capturing the essence of the couple. Hundreds of visitors flocked to the popular attraction on Tuesday as the wax figures were finally revealed. The lifelike models are part of a series of new displays designed to celebrate the U.K.'s much-loved royal family. The couple's waxy doppelgängers will soon be joined by other models of the royal couple that will be displayed in other Madame Tussauds globally such as New York, Amsterdam, and Blackpool, England. These models will represent the Duke and Duchess at various stages of their life including their recent visit to Pakistan. The process of creating wax figures is not an easy one, and it takes a team of artists and designers to create a perfectly accurate replica. From the first measurements to the final touches, every detail is captured in the creation of these impressive models. The poses, clothing, and even the eyes of the royal duo have been meticulously crafted to ensure a strikingly realistic end product. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are no strangers to Madame Tussauds, as their likeness has been featured in the popular attraction in various forms over the years. This new addition to the collection, however, is arguably the most impressive. Madame Tussauds has been entertaining visitors for more than two centuries and has become one of London's most popular attractions. The museum showcases life-like wax figures of celebrities, sports stars, politicians, and historical figures. The museum's popularity shows no signs of waning as even the younger generation enjoys posing and taking pictures with their favorite celebrities. The unveiling of Prince William and Kate's wax figures is sure to attract even more visitors to the museum. Not only is the royal family beloved in the United Kingdom, but they have fans all over the world. As the world waits eagerly for another royal announcement, fans can now get up close and personal with their favorite couple as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wax counterparts join Madame Tussauds' collection of incredible exhibits. Those who have been eager to see a representation of the couple in person will now have the chance to do so in Madame Tussauds' various locations around the world.