article: (CNN) -- Costa Rica suffered World Cup heartbreak as the United States salvaged a last-gasp 2-2 draw in Washington to deny the visitors an automatic place at next year's finals. Costa Rica's Michael Barrantes was left dejected after the U.S. snatched a late equalizer in Washington. Jonathan Bornstein scored in the fifth minute of stoppage time on Wednesday night to leave Los Ticos needing to beat Uruguay, the fifth-placed team from the South American group, in order to qualify for South Africa. Honduras clinched the third automatic place from the CONCACAF zone on goal difference from Costa Rica after ending their campaign with a 1-0 victory over El Salvador in San Salvador. The U.S. finished top of the six-team group as second-placed Mexico were also held to a 2-2 draw in their final match against bottom side Trinidad and Tobago, with the top two teams having already qualified last weekend.  Football is on the rise in the U.S. Costa Rica had seemed set for a place in the finals after taking a 2-0 lead after only 24 minutes in the American capital, with both goals from Bryan Ruiz. The striker, who plays for Dutch club FC Twente, beat U.S. defender Steve Cherundolo and fired past goalkeeper Tim Howard for the opener in the 21st minute, and then curled in a superb left-foot effort soon after for the second goal. Michael Bradley pulled one back for the hosts in the 72nd minute after captain Landon Donovan's shot was blocked by goalkeeper Keilor Navas, but the U.S. suffered a big blow when defender Oguchi Onyewu was stretchered off with a knee injury nine minutes later. The AC Milan player is expected to be sidelined for three or four months after suffering a torn left patella tendon, the setback coming a day after U.S. forward Charlie Davies was severely injured in a car crash which may rule him out of the finals starting in June. The U.S. had already used all their substitutes when Onyewu went off, so had to finish the match with 10 men. Costa Rica coach Rene Simoes was sent off in time added on before Bornstein headed in a cross from Robbie Rogers to mean the visitors have yet to win a qualifier on U.S. soil in 24 years. "We put a lot of numbers in the box," Bornstein told FIFA's official Web site. "I don't usually go up for that, but it was last-shot time. No-one marked me. I just snuck in there and the ball landed on my head." Honduras qualified for only their second finals, 27 years after their debut appearance in Spain, thanks to a 63rd-minute winner from the Central American nation's all-time leading scorer Carlos Pavon. The 36-year-old striker rose highest at the far post to head his 55th goal in 92 internationals and banish bitter memories of the weekend, when he missed a penalty and another late chance from close range as Honduras lost 3-2 to the U.S. at home.
highlights: Costa Rica suffer World Cup heartbreak as U.S. salvage last-gasp 2-2 draw . Los Ticos now face a playoff with South American side Uruguay to reach finals . Honduras claim third automatic place for South Africa, beating El Salvador 1-0 . U.S. finish top in CONCACAF above Mexico -- who had also already qualified .
id: 93fd2aef4fe04e7580d39d5626cd37d84a86faa5
chatgpt: Costa Rica's hopes of qualifying for the 2010 World Cup were dashed in the most heartbreaking fashion as they drew 2-2 against the United States in their final group game. The draw meant that Costa Rica finished in fourth place in the CONCACAF qualifying group, one point behind Honduras, who claimed the final automatic qualification spot for the World Cup in South Africa. Los Ticos now face a nerve-wracking playoff with South American side Uruguay in order to reach the finals. The first leg will be played in Costa Rica before the return leg takes place in Montevideo, Uruguay. It will be a tough ask for the Costa Ricans, who will need to be at their best if they are to overcome the 2010 World Cup semi-finalists. The match between the United States and Costa Rica was a tense affair, played in front of a packed house in Washington DC. The home side took the lead in the 13th minute through a Clint Dempsey strike before the visitors hit back just before the half-hour mark with a Bryan Ruiz goal. The second half saw the United States retake the lead through a Michael Bradley goal, but once again Costa Rica fought back and secured a point with another Ruiz goal in the dying minutes of the match. The Costa Ricans threw everything forward in the final few moments, but they couldn't find the winner that would have secured their place in the World Cup. The draw meant that the United States finished top of the CONCACAF group, two points ahead of Mexico, who had also already qualified for the World Cup. It was a remarkable comeback for the United States, who had lost their opening two matches in the qualifying campaign. Meanwhile, Honduras secured their place in the World Cup with a hard-fought 1-0 win over El Salvador. Carlos Pavón scored the only goal of the game in the 65th minute to send the Hondurans through to their second consecutive World Cup finals. The result meant that El Salvador finished bottom of the group, with just one point from their six matches. They will be left to rue missed opportunities in their campaign, including a 2-2 draw with Costa Rica in which they had led 2-0. In the end, it was a successful qualifying campaign for CONCACAF, with three of the four automatic qualification spots secured by teams from the region. The United States, Mexico, and Honduras will all be looking to make an impact in the World Cup, while Costa Rica will be hoping to upset the odds and secure their place in the finals.