article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 07:25 EST, 3 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:56 EST, 3 June 2013 . Ben & Jerry's, owned by Unilever, plans for its products to be GM-free by 2014 . Ice cream company Ben & Jerry's is to stop using genetically modified ingredients in its products. The Vermont-based brand has promised to eradicate GM organisms from the recipes for its U.S. and Canadian products by 2014. Only 80 per cent of the current ingredients are non-GMO, said a statement on the company's website. It also promised to source as many of the new ingredients from Fairtrade suppliers as possible. All Ben & Jerry's products sold in the European Union are already GMO-free, it said. 'Our goal is for all of our flavors to be Fairtrade certified and sourced with non-GMO ingredients by the end of the year,' the company said. 'That’s about 80 flavors, 110 ingredients and more than 200 different products to transition this year. 'There can be almost 40 different ingredients in a single flavor, so you can see how complex this undertaking is.' Ben & Jerry's said it supports legislation to make labeling of food made with GMO ingredients compulsory. A year ago, its parent company Unilever gave half a million dollars in support of the campaign against Proposition 37, a Californian measure to introduce GMO labelling, reports the Huffington Post. Unilever joined forces with the likes of Monsanto, Kraft, The Hershey Company and PepsiCo, spending $44million defeating the proposition between them. Last week the European Union urged its members to test wheat shipments from the United States after unauthorised genetically modified grains were found in Japan. Tokyo halted imports of certain types of wheat from the U.S. on Thursday following the discovery of an experimental strain that was tested by Monsanto but never approved. The EU's consumer protection office said on Friday that shipments which test positive should not be sold in line with the bloc's 'zero tolerance' for GM crops. It also said it was seeking 'further information and reassurance' from U.S. authorities and had asked Monsanto for help in developing a reliable test for the GM grains. US officials are investigating which could jeopardise the country's multi-billion-pound wheat export industry . The EU imports more than one million metric tons of U.S. wheat each year, mostly to Spain. A farmer in Oregon raised the alarm a month ago after he found wheat growing ‘like a weed’ and could not kill it with herbicide. The rogue strain was developed by GM giant Monsanto and is resistant to herbicide Roundup, or glyphosate. It was field tested from 1998 to 2005, but worldwide opposition meant it was never commercially planted. Michael Firko of the US Department of Agriculture said the last Monsanto field test in Oregon was in 2001. Afterwards, crops were supposed to be totally removed. He added: ‘We’re all over this. We have nine investigators combing the area.’ About 90 per cent of Oregon’s wheat crop is exported. Agriculture officials insisted the GM strain wasn’t a health threat.
highlights: The brand's ice cream is already sold GMO-free in the European Union . Company says transition from old to new ingredients could last into 2014 .
id: f20c7bbc74ddf8504eabdd9ed14bc43984774f81
chatgpt: Global ice cream brand, which specializes in artisanal products, has announced that its ice cream will now be sold GMO-free in all markets worldwide. The brand has already transitioned to GMO-free ingredients in the European Union, where it has been very well-received by consumers. The brand had previously used genetically-modified organisms (GMOs) in some of its ingredients, but has been working to remove them from its products. According to the company, the transition to GMO-free ingredients has been a long and difficult process, but one that is necessary to ensure the quality and safety of its products. The transition has been ongoing for several years, and the company says that it could take until 2014 before all of its products are completely GMO-free. This is due to the fact that some of the ingredients used in its products are only available in GMO form, which means that the company has had to find alternative sources for those ingredients. Despite the challenges, the brand says that it is committed to providing its customers with high-quality, non-GMO products. In a statement, the company emphasized the importance of transparency and honesty when it comes to ingredient sourcing and product labeling. "We believe that consumers have the right to know what is in the products they are buying and consuming," said a spokesperson for the brand. "That is why we are committed to using only non-GMO ingredients in our ice cream, and why we are working to ensure that all of our products meet this standard." The move towards GMO-free ingredients is becoming increasingly popular among food companies, as consumers become more aware of the potential risks associated with GMOs. In recent years, a number of high-profile brands have made the switch to non-GMO ingredients, including Whole Foods, Chipotle, and General Mills. The brand's announcement has been met with enthusiasm from consumers, who have praised the company for its commitment to transparency and sustainability. Many have taken to social media to express their support, with some calling on other ice cream companies to follow suit. "I'm so glad to hear that this brand is going GMO-free," wrote one Twitter user. "It's important that we know what we're putting in our bodies, and it's great to see a company that cares about its customers." While the transition to GMO-free ingredients has been challenging, the brand says that it is confident that it will ultimately be worth it. By providing its customers with high-quality, non-GMO products, the brand believes that it will be able to differentiate itself from competitors and attract a loyal customer base. "We know that this transition is not easy, but we believe that it is the right thing to do," said the spokesperson. "We are committed to providing our customers with the best possible products, and that means using only non-GMO ingredients." As the brand continues its transition to GMO-free ingredients, it will be interesting to see how consumers respond. With more and more companies making the switch, it is becoming clear that non-GMO products are no longer a niche market, but rather a mainstream trend that is here to stay.