article: (CNN) -- Gwyneth Paltrow and Beyoncé can now claim to be the most beautiful BFFs in the world. On Wednesday, People magazine named Paltrow the World's Most Beautiful Woman for 2013, a year after Paltrow's pal Beyoncé held the title. "I honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me," Paltrow told People about her reaction when she first heard she landed the top spot. "I had to reread the e-mail three times. I was like, 'This can't be true, I've developed dyslexia -- I'm not reading this right.' It's a very iconic cover in American culture, so it's just amazing." For the "Iron Man 3" actress, her beauty is most evident when she's just being herself. "Around the house, I'm in jeans and a T-shirt. I don't really wear makeup," Paltrow told the magazine, adding that that's how her two kids, Apple and Moses, are used to seeing her. The star's husband, Coldplay's Chris Martin, even teases her about it. "If I've gotten fully dressed up, he'll be like, 'Oh, wow! You're Gwyneth Paltrow!' Because he's used to seeing me in like baggy shorts and frizzy hair," she said. But at 40, Paltrow said her definition of what it means to be beautiful has changed. "I feel my most beautiful when I am truly myself. Meaning, when I accept exactly where I am in time and space, and I'm not judging myself in any way, and I feel that I have the peace that comes with loving yourself and all of your flaws," she told People. "I see so much now how beauty really does, as cliché as it sounds, emanate from within." The actress credits the Tracy Anderson Method for helping her "look younger and feel strong," but she's more focused on helping her daughter Apple, 8, build a healthy body image. "When we're home sometimes, she'll put on mascara. And sometimes I'll let her wear something out to dinner -- but just a little dab," Paltrow told People. "Also having a father who adores you the way that he adores her is very good for your body image. The more we can love her and let her be who she is, the more confident she'll feel." People magazine's Most Beautiful issue, which also includes Kerry Washington, Drew Barrymore, Jennifer Lawrence and Jane Fonda, arrives on newsstands Friday. CNN's Breeanna Hare contributed to this report.
highlights: People magazine names Gwyneth Paltrow the World's Most Beautiful Woman . The 40-year-old actress tells the magazine she keeps it natural at home . "I honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me," she says of her reaction to the cover . She tells People she wants to pass down a healthy body image to her daughter, Apple .
id: 3848f87dbb860bdfade6638710713c9dd2a2a43c
chatgpt: In an era where beauty standards often prioritize youthfulness and airbrushed perfection, Gwyneth Paltrow has been named the World's Most Beautiful Woman by People magazine. The 40-year-old actress, who rose to fame in the '90s with roles in films like "Emma" and "Shakespeare in Love," credits her natural approach to beauty for her win. "I keep it very simple at home," Paltrow told People, "I don't wear a lot of makeup, I don't fuss with my hair, and I try to keep my style effortless." It's a refreshing attitude in a culture that places immense pressure on women to constantly look flawless, and one that Paltrow hopes to pass down to her 13-year-old daughter, Apple. "I think it's really important to teach our daughters that there are all different types of beauty," said Paltrow, "and that true beauty comes from the inside." Paltrow is no stranger to espousing a healthy lifestyle, with her wellness brand Goop promoting everything from clean eating to vaginal steaming. But for her, true beauty goes beyond a green smoothie or workout routine. "I want my daughter to know that confidence and self-love are the most beautiful things you can possess," said Paltrow, "and that taking care of your body and your mind is the best way to show yourself love." It's a message that has clearly resonated with People magazine, which has crowned Paltrow the World's Most Beautiful Woman for 2013, beating out fellow actresses like Kerry Washington and Amanda Seyfried. When she found out about the cover, Paltrow admits she was caught off guard. "I honestly thought someone was playing a joke on me," she said. But now that the shock has worn off, Paltrow is using her new title as a platform to encourage women to embrace their unique beauty. "We need to celebrate each other's differences and stop comparing ourselves to some unattainable idea of perfection," she said. For Paltrow, natural beauty is about more than just physical appearance; it's about a mindset. "At the end of the day, beauty is really about feeling good in your own skin," she said. And if her cover spread in People magazine is any indication, she's clearly doing something right.