article: A CEO has committed suicide by shooting himself multiple times with a nail gun, a coroner reported on Friday. Richard Talley, 57, founder of American Title Services in Centennial, Colorado, was found dead in his home on Tuesday with up to eight wounds to the torso and head. His company was being investigated by state insurance regulators at the time of Mr Talley's suicide. Richard Talley, pictured with his wife of 25 years Cheryl, committed suicide with a nail gun at his home in Colorado on February 4. It has now emerged Talley's life insurance policy was transferred into his wife's name before he killed himself . A family member found the 57-year-old dead in his garage, the Denver Post reported. Mr Talley has been married to his wife Cheryl since 1989. He moved to Colorado from Chicago where he was a regional finance officer for Drexel Burnham Lambert. Cheryl serves as the company's Director of Marketing for the tile company, which was founded in 2000. The couple has two children. He attended the University of Miami and Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management. The Post also claimed that Talley had once said he was a member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic swimming team' - but a spokesman for USA Swimming refuted this and said he was not ever on the team. The Department Of Regulatory Agencies confirmed . that an investigation was focused on Talley and the company to the Post . but gave no additional information. Mr Talley, 57, was found dead in his garage from the self-inflicted wounds in Centennial, Colorado . Mr Talley had allegedly been having trouble with his business before he took his own life in Colorado . Talley had formed a number of companies, . some of which closed down, including American Escrow, Clear Title, Clear . Creek Financial Holdings, Swift Basin, Sumar, American Real Estate . Services, and the American Alliance of Real Estate Professionals. His funeral will be held on Saturday in Centennial. In the U.S., for support on suicide matters call the National Suicide Prevention Helpline on 1-800-273-8255 or go to suicidepreventionlifeline.org . In the . UK, for confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, . visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org .
highlights: Richard Talley, 57, founder of American Title Services in Centennial, Colorado, was found dead in his home on Tuesday . Talley 'once claimed to be a member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic swimming team'. USA Swimming refuted this on Thursday .
id: dd8e223bf22710992eb6d14d41de6e6780c00f57
chatgpt: The sudden death of Richard Talley, 57, founder of American Title Services has raised many questions among the community members of Centennial, Colorado. According to reports, Talley was found dead in his home on Tuesday, leaving behind his wife and two children. The story took an unexpected twist when it was revealed that Talley had previously claimed to be a member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic swimming team. This claim was quickly refuted by USA Swimming on Thursday, citing that they had no record of Talley being a part of the team. The news about Talley's death has left many puzzled, and the police have not yet revealed the cause of death. However, it has been reported that there were no signs of foul play, and the investigation is ongoing. Talley's company, American Title Services, is a well-known title insurance company that has been operating in the region for several years now. The company worked diligently to earn a reputation for excellence and their founder was widely respected throughout the industry. The sudden and mysterious death of Talley has certainly come as a shock to the community and his colleagues alike. The company's website has been updated with a note informing clients of Talley's passing and offering condolences to his family. American Title Services has not commented on the future of the company at this time, but it is clear that the event has left many of its employees and clients heartbroken. The news about Talley's false claim of being a member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic swimming team has also caught many by surprise. While it is not known why Talley would make such a claim, it has raised questions about his character and integrity. Further details regarding the death of Richard Talley are yet to be revealed, and the entire community of Centennial is waiting for answers. However, one thing is for sure - the sudden demise of this respected businessman has left a void that will not be easily filled.