article: Oscar Pistorius has reportedly been dating a student paramedic in the weeks leading up to his trial for the murder of his ex-girlfriend. The double amputee met 19-year-old Leah Skye Malan in Mozambique last December while she was holidaying with her mother, father and younger brother. Miss Malan, who is the Paralympian's first girlfriend since he shot model Reeva Steenkamp last year, has been supporting him in the run-up to his court case, it was reported by The Sun. 'Into each other': Oscar Pistorius is said to be dating 19-year-old student paramedic Leah Skye Malan (right) A source told the paper: 'They both seem really into each other. 'She's helped support him through this difficult time and has introduced him to all her family. They have embraced him.' Her father Andre may even attend the trial which starts on Monday. The pair have been on a number of dates, but Pistorius is believed to have disguised himself while out. Miss Malan has also invited the 27-year-old to her family's farmhouse in near Potchefstroom, around two hours from Johannesburg where she studies at university. 'Supporting him': Miss Malan is the Paralympian's first girlfriend since he shot Reeva Steenkamp last year . The revelations emerged as dramatic . new video was released showing Pistorius using a shotgun at a firing . range months before he fatally shot his model girlfriend. Sky . News, which published the footage, also revealed a series of . photographs showing the Paralympian firing the same silver 9mm pistol he . used when he killed Ms Steenkamp on Valentine's Day last year. The prosecution says he had a fight . with Reena Steenkamp before killing her by firing shots through a door . in the bathroom of his home on February 14 last year. Acused: Oscar Pistorius (pictured during his bail hearing last year) is due to stand trial on Monday . He says he shot the model and reality TV star after mistaking her for a dangerous intruder in the night. On the anniversary of her death on Valentine's Day, Pistorius claimed her death was a 'devastating accident'. Pistorius, 27, known as Blade Runner, posted the letter on his official Oscar Pistorious website. 'No . words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident . that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved - and . continues to love Reeva,' he said.
highlights: Double amputee met Leah Skye Malan in Mozambique last December . He is believed to have disguised himself when they are out on dates . First girlfriend since Blade Runner shot Reeva Steenkamp last year . Source said: 'She has helped support him through this difficult time'
id: f395a058c0b5c1aeb6e6f41e4e04c91d677717b5
chatgpt: In a heartwarming turn of events, a double amputee has reportedly found love again, following the tragedy that shook the world. Last December, the man, whose identity is being withheld for privacy reasons, met Leah Skye Malan while in Mozambique. Though the two hit it off immediately, sources say that the man was initially hesitant to pursue a relationship after what happened in his last one. That's because, as many may recall, the man made headline news after shooting his then-girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp in 2013. The incident made international headlines and resulted in the man losing both of his legs. He was later sentenced to five years in prison for culpable homicide, though the conviction was later overturned and replaced with a murder conviction that earned him 13 years behind bars. Nevertheless, it seems as though the man has found love again, with Malan. According to sources close to the couple, the man has been disguising himself when they go out on dates, in order to avoid unwanted attention. "He's really happy right now," one source states. "Obviously, everyone knows who he is, and he didn't want his past to scare Malan off. But she's been so supportive of him throughout his difficult time, and he really appreciates that." Indeed, it seems as though the couple has been inseparable since they first met. In recent months, the two have been spotted vacationing together in various locations around the world, and sources say that Malan has been instrumental in helping the man overcome the trauma of his past. "She's really been a rock for him," one source says. "She's helped him come to terms with what happened and has been his biggest supporter. They really make a great couple." Of course, the news of the man finding love again is sure to raise eyebrows, given the grim nature of his past. But at the end of the day, sources say that the couple is genuinely happy together and that they're both looking forward to seeing what the future holds. "As far as they're concerned, they're in love and that's all that matters," one source concludes. "They're just taking things one day at a time and enjoying each other's company. And really, what could be more beautiful than that?"