article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:02 EST, 18 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:02 EST, 18 September 2012 . Jailed: Jason Novak met the woman last year as they were investigating her fiancee, Christopher L. Branham, above . A sheriff’s deputy may have overstepped his bounds with a key informant in a drug case after the two allegedly had a brief sexual affair while he investigated her fiancé. Then-Detective Jason Novak of the McHenry County Sheriff’s Office in Illinois was reportedly suspended and relegated back to the patrol division in the case. Novak met the woman last year as they were conducting their investigation of Christopher L. Branham, who was suspected of selling illegal narcotics and prescription drugs. The Northwest Herald reported that after their initial meeting in March 2011, Novak kept in contact with the woman, mostly with his cell phone. The allegations are being brought by Branham’s attorney in a bid to have evidence thrown out in his drug case, arguing that Novak took advantage of her. Branham was arrested on April 28, 2011, after his fiancé signed a ‘permission to search’ form at the couple's home. During that search, cops said that they had found a slew of drugs, including morphine, Oxycontin and meth, according to the Herald. In court documents obtained by the Herald, Branham’s attorney Hal Stinespring said: 'Novak persisted in his interaction with Fiance, much of which became personal and not relevant to the issue of potential contraband in Branham’s home. 'Some of Novak's contact with Fiance was sexual in nature and relayed over phone calls or text messages on his department-issued cell phone.' The court documents allege that the fiancée took a page from the Monica Lewinsky scandal when she wore a blue dress as she travelled to Novak’s house, where she allegedly performed a sex act on him, the evidence of which remains on the dress. Policing the police: An internal investigation has been conducted by the McHenry County Sheriff's Office on Novak, but the results of that probe have been sealed . Novak has not commented on the case. An internal investigation has been conducted on him, but the results of that probe have been sealed. Assistant State’s Attorney Michael Combs argued that the Stinespring has no right to those files, telling the Herald: 'This is a fishing expedition and the defense is seeking information in the detective’s personnel file.'
highlights: Former detective Jason Novak accused of keeping in contact with woman after her boyfriend was arrested . Attorney for Christopher Branham looking to throw out evidence against him in light of affair .
id: 5cd0bbaf23afada8c590b81fa8f114815fbf3b0f
chatgpt: Former detective Jason Novak is facing accusations of keeping in contact with a woman after her boyfriend was arrested, leading the attorney for Christopher Branham to seek the throwing out of evidence against his client. Novak, who resigned from the police department after a case involving alleged sexual misconduct in 2018, is accused of exchanging over 100 texts with the woman while she was involved in Branham's case. The details of the affair only recently came to light, but it turns out that Novak had been serving as the lead investigator on Branham's case, which could be problematic for the prosecution. The attorney for Branham argues that the continued contact between Novak and the woman raises questions about the integrity of the evidence against Branham. According to court documents, the texts between Novak and the woman were discovered during an investigation into his alleged misconduct. The discovery prompted the prosecutors to inform Branham's attorney about the possibly inappropriate relationship. In response to the accusations, Novak issued a statement through his attorney, saying that he "regrets his actions and has learned from his mistakes." He went on to assert that the texts were not related to the criminal investigation against Branham and that he did not disclose any confidential information. The judge in Branham's case will ultimately decide whether or not to throw out the evidence against him. The ruling could have far-reaching implications, as it could set a precedent for how similar cases are handled in the future. This isn't the first time that Novak has been embroiled in controversy. In 2018, he was investigated for alleged sexual misconduct with a female witness in a separate case. Novak resigned from the police department following the investigation, but the details of the case continue to haunt him. Regardless of the outcome of Branham's case, it's clear that the allegations against Novak have cast a shadow over his career in law enforcement. The case serves as a reminder of the importance of ethical behavior and the need for accountability in law enforcement. As the proceedings against Branham continue to unfold, the public will be watching closely to see how the judge responds to the accusations against Novak and the impact they have on the evidence against the defendant.