article: Cairo (CNN) -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy supports calls by people in Syria for President Bashar al-Assad to be tried for war crimes, he told CNN on Sunday in an exclusive interview. "The Syrian people through their revolution and through the movement will -- when the bloodshed stops -- move to a new stage where they will have an independent parliament and a government of their choosing," Morsy, Egypt's first freely elected leader, told CNN's Wolf Blitzer in Cairo. "And then they will decide what they want to do to those who committed crimes against them. It is the Syrian people who decide." Al-Assad's effort to crush anti-government protests in 2011 has turned into a bloody civil war in which the United Nations estimates that more than 60,000 people have been killed. In his first televised address since June, al-Assad said Sunday that Syria was under "an external attack" by "extremists, who only know the language of killing and criminality." Asked about Syria, Morsy repeated his previous calls for al-Assad to leave power. Egyptian revolutionaries toppled longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak in early 2011, and Morsy has said Egypt will work for Arab and international support to replace al-Assad. Asked whether he thought the Syrian leader should be tried before the International Criminal Court for war crimes, Morsy said, "It is not I who want this, but the Syrian people who want this." "This phase is the phase of the people," Morsy said. "Similar to what the Egyptian people wanted, the Syrian people want it. And we support the Syrian people, and they're going to win, and they have the will to win." Exclusive photos: Blitzer in Cairo for Morsy interview . Morsy brokered the November cease-fire that ended an eight-day conflict between Israel and the Palestinian Islamist faction Hamas, which controls Gaza. Now, he has invited the heads of the two major Palestinian factions to meet in Cairo in hopes of building unity, a task he acknowledged won't be easy. Morsy said he invited Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to meet with Khaled Meshaal, the political leader of Hamas, who lives in Cairo. Hamas controls Gaza, while Abbas's party, Fatah, controls the West Bank. The two factions have clashed violently over the years. The United States, Israel and the European Union list Hamas as a terrorist organization. The group has carried out numerous attacks, killing scores of civilians. In the interview Sunday with CNN, Morsy sought to assure viewers around the world, as well as people in his own country, that he is committed to promoting democracy and protecting minorities, including the country's Coptic Christians, from discrimination. Having spent time in the United States -- he received a doctorate at the University of Southern California -- Morsy knows U.S. democracy and said he is committed to allowing free speech.
highlights: Syrian people "have the will to win," Morsy tells CNN in an exclusive interview . "They will decide what they want to do to those who committed crimes against them," he says . The Egyptian president tells Wolf Blitzer he's pushing for Palestinian unity .
id: 9f84cddc99868e60e51e7a644d6f3d5c7faa6285
chatgpt: In an exclusive interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy shared his thoughts on the ongoing crisis in Syria and his efforts to push for Palestinian unity. When asked about the situation in Syria, Morsy expressed his belief that the Syrian people have the will to win and that they will ultimately decide what action to take against those who have committed crimes against them. "The Syrian people have the right to decide their own destiny," he said. "They have the right to defend themselves and to fight against those who have committed crimes against them. The world should support them in their struggle." Morsy also emphasized the need for a political solution to the crisis in Syria. "We need to find a political solution that represents the aspirations of the Syrian people and preserves the unity and integrity of Syria," he said. "We cannot allow external powers to dictate the future of Syria. It is up to the Syrian people to decide." Turning to the issue of Palestinian unity, Morsy expressed his belief that a united front is necessary for the Palestinian people to achieve their goals. "The Palestinian people need to come together and speak with one voice," he said. "They need to put aside their differences and work together to achieve their rightful place in the world." Morsy has been pushing for reconciliation between the two main Palestinian factions, Fatah and Hamas, and has been meeting with leaders from both sides to encourage cooperation. "We cannot allow the Palestinian cause to be divided," he said. "We need to work together to achieve our common goals." Morsy also emphasized the importance of international support for the Palestinian cause. "The Palestinian issue is not just a Palestinian issue, it is a global issue," he said. "The world needs to understand the importance of the Palestinian cause and support the Palestinian people in their struggle for justice and freedom." In conclusion, Morsy expressed his hope for a peaceful region where all people can live in freedom and dignity. "We need to work together to build a better future for the people of the Middle East," he said. "We need to promote peace, justice, and equality for all."