article: (CNN) -- The CEO of GoDaddy.com on Friday defended an online video that shows him shooting and killing an elephant in Zimbabwe. "It takes a guy like me" to protect villagers' crops from rogue elephants, he said. Bob Parsons, founder of the Scottsdale, Arizona-based web-hosting service, posted the graphic video on his Twitter account on March 14. The footage, shot March 8, shows him hunting an elephant on a farm and posing with a shotgun beside its corpse. Then, it shows locals crowding around the dead animal and cutting off pieces of its meat. Parsons said he killed the animal for the good of local farmers whose crops are often destroyed by elephants. "They would say 'please come back,' " he said, arguing the measure is an effective way to protect crops and feed hungry local residents. The video shows him walking through a field of flattened sorghum plants, which he said had been crushed by roaming elephants. The reason he posted the video, Parsons said, is because he wants "people to know what goes on over there." "There were people who walked 25 miles to get to that elephant," he said, referencing a food crisis that has often plagued developing countries. But critics call his methods extreme. The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals initiated an online boycott of GoDaddy.com and its services until Parsons "stops shooting animals," according to the organization's website. Parsons' own website has also been inundated by negative comments about the video. "A lot of the people who are upset about this are animal lovers," Parsons said. "Their heart is in the right place but they just don't understand the situation." He called the fact that the elephant meat provided food for the people "a bonus." "They literally have nothing and they're on the brink of starvation," he said. Parsons has traveled to Zimbabwe for several years, but only last year began hunting elephants at the request of local farmers, he said. Elephant experts say it is not illegal to kill rogue elephants in Zimbabwe. Parsons said he has killed five elephants. PETA rejected Parsons' explanation, with the organization's president, Ingrid Newkirk, releasing a statement saying, "If Bob Parsons really wanted to help African villagers, he would use his money to promote one of the many effective, nonlethal methods available to protect crops -- not act like a little boy with a gun." In a press release, PETA said it is pulling its business from GoDaddy.com, and the group labeled Parsons "Scummiest CEO of the Year." Meanwhile, asked if the PETA boycott had affected GoDaddy.com's business, company spokeswoman Elizabeth Driscoll said, "There has been no significant change in business."
highlights: NEW: "It takes a guy like me" to protect villagers' crops from rogue elephants, Parsons says . GoDaddy founder Bob Parsons posts a video showing him shooting an elephant . Parsons says the kill, in Zimbabwe, gave local farmers meat and protected their crops . Animal rights group PETA launches an online boycott of GoDaddy .
id: 4e29ed2d39a47378af24885ca33f938a3ced916d
chatgpt: GoDaddy founder Bob Parsons is facing backlash from animal rights group PETA after posting a video showing him shooting an elephant in Zimbabwe. In the video, Parsons can be seen firing multiple rounds at the animal before it falls to the ground. Parsons defended his actions, stating that it was necessary to protect local farmers' crops from rogue elephants. "It takes a guy like me to solve problems like this," he said in a statement. He also explained that the elephant meat was distributed to nearby villagers who were in need of food. However, PETA called for a boycott of GoDaddy following the release of the video. "There's nothing romantic about killing an innocent animal," PETA vice president Lisa Lange said in a statement. "Parsons has shown himself to be a savage, and GoDaddy has shown itself to be a company without conscience." Many social media users also spoke out against Parsons and GoDaddy, with some calling for the company to sever ties with its founder. This is not the first time that GoDaddy has faced criticism for its founder's actions. In 2011, Parsons was criticized for participating in a "kill contest" in which he hunted and killed a leopard in Zimbabwe. Despite the criticism, Parsons remains unapologetic about his actions. "I have no regrets about what I did," he said in a recent interview. "I did what needed to be done to protect the crops and feed the people." The controversy surrounding the video has also thrust the issue of elephant conservation into the spotlight. According to the World Wildlife Fund, African elephants are classified as "vulnerable" due to habitat loss and poaching. In recent years, there has been a growing movement to protect elephants and other endangered species from human activities. Many organizations are working to promote conservation efforts and reduce the impact of human activities on wildlife. The incident involving Parsons and the elephant has sparked a debate about the role of hunting in conservation efforts. While some argue that hunting can be used as a tool to control wildlife populations, others argue that it is a cruel and unnecessary practice that should be phased out in favor of non-lethal methods. Regardless of where one stands on the issue, it is clear that the controversy surrounding Parsons and GoDaddy is unlikely to go away anytime soon. As the debate over elephant conservation continues, it remains to be seen how companies and individuals will navigate the complex and sensitive issues surrounding wildlife and human activities.