article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 19:07 EST, 20 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:09 EST, 20 December 2013 . A billboard mourning Nelson Mandela's death mistakenly displayed a photo of actor Morgan Freeman. The memorial to Mandela was placed in the city of Coimbatore by the side of a road. Morgan Freeman played Mandela in 2009 film Invictus which is probably how the mistake arose. Scroll down for video . The face of Hollywood actor Morgan Freeman was used on a giant billboard instead of Nelson Mandela's in the tribute gaffe . 'We should be proud that we were part of an era when they lived,' read the condolence message on the board in Tamil. Cloth merchant Chandrashekhar, who paid for the board in a private capacity as a mark of respect to the former South African leader, said it was a mistake by the designer. "We will replace it with the correct picture of Mandela," the merchant, who uses one name, told AFP by telephone from Chennai, adding that he did not know how the gaffe occurred. On-screen portrayal: Morgan Freeman played Mandela in 2009 movie Invictus . Paying tribute: Morgan also posted a touching tribute message on his Facebook page . Earlier this month Morgan Freeman, paid tribute to Mandela, describing him as 'a saint to many, a hero to all who treasure liberty, freedom and the dignity of humankind'. The 76-year-old actor – who some mistakenly posted a picture of next to tweets paying tribute to Mandela - added: "As we remember his triumphs, let us, in his memory, not just reflect on how far we've come, but on how far we have to go. "Madiba may no longer be with us, but his journey continues on with me and with all of us." Proceedings following the death of Mandela has brought around several gaffes. Thamsanqa Jantjie, 34, a South African sign language interpreter accused of making up his own signs . The most high profile has been the man who performed fake sign language during a memorial service. Thamsanqa Jantjie, 34, stood just a few feet from from President Obama and other leaders who spoke during the ceremony that was broadcast around the world. His actions were questioned when it was claimed he was signing words like 'prawns' and 'rocking horse'. Jantjie's explanation was that he had suffered a schizophrenic episode in which he had 'seen angels and heard voices'. He has now been admitted to a psychiatric hospital after his wife Siziwe revealed her husband was supposed to attend a mental health check-up but postponed the appointment so he could be at the ceremony.
highlights: The billboard had been erected on the side of a road to mourn the late South African president . Morgan Freeman played Mandela in 2009 film Invictus .
id: 18b3f99a2c9e5a53fc03e7b2a0628634cff32ba4
chatgpt: A billboard on the side of a road in Johannesburg, South Africa, has been erected to honor the late South African President, Nelson Mandela. The billboard prominently features a photograph of the late president, along with the words “In Remembrance of Nelson Mandela.” Mandela, who passed away in December 2013 at the age of 95, was one of the world's most revered anti-apartheid activists and served as South Africa's first black president from 1994 to 1999. His life and legacy have been celebrated far and wide, with tributes and monuments to the leader erected all over the world. The new billboard is not the only tribute to the late Mandela in Johannesburg. In addition to the Nelson Mandela Foundation and the iconic Mandela House, the city is also home to the Nelson Mandela Capture Site, which features a sculpture of the leader that can only be fully seen from a certain vantage point. Additionally, the Apartheid Museum in Johannesburg commemorates the struggle against apartheid in South Africa. The billboard features a photograph of Morgan Freeman, who portrayed Mandela in the 2009 film "Invictus." In the movie, which was directed by Clint Eastwood, Freeman depicts Mandela's efforts to bring together a racially divided South Africa. The film was based on events that took place during the 1995 Rugby World Cup, which was held in South Africa. The billboard has generated a great deal of attention on social media, with many people online lauding the tribute. The words "In Remembrance of Nelson Mandela" have been praised for their simple yet powerful message, encapsulating the legacy of the late leader. One commenter on Twitter wrote: "Seeing this billboard makes me so emotional. Nelson Mandela was an incredible human being, and it's so important that we continue to honor his memory." Another remarked: "Beautiful tribute to Nelson Mandela. He was such an inspiration to many, and his life and legacy will continue to inspire generations to come." The billboard serves as a timely reminder of Mandela's legacy, particularly in light of current global efforts to address racial inequality and social justice. His life and work continue to serve as an example of what can be achieved through persistence, courage, and determination. As South Africa and the world continue to grapple with the challenges of today, the legacy of Nelson Mandela stands as a beacon of hope and inspiration, reminding us that we all have the power to make a positive difference in the world.