article: (CNN) -- A British stuntman who parachuted dressed as James Bond during the 2012 London Olympics opening ceremony has died, UK media reported. Mark Sutton, whose performance was one of the highlights of the opening ceremony, was in Switzerland at the time of his death. Police in Switzerland's Valais Canton did not name him, saying formal identification is under way after the incident Wednesday morning in the Trient area. The 42-year-old died after hitting a cliff while jumping in a "wingsuit" from a helicopter, a police statement said. He and another man jumped from a height of about 3,300 meters in the Grandes-Otannes area in the Alps, near the border with France, the statement said. "They then flew remaining close to the mountain, with the intention of landing near Le Peuty, near Trient, in Switzerland," it said. "During this flight, one of the men suffered a fatal fall. According to a preliminary investigation, it appears that he fell after hitting a cliff." The Briton was in Chamonix with 20 other professionals "considered among the best in the world in this discipline," police said. They had been gathered there by a company that specializes in extreme sports, with daredevil feats filmed and broadcast via the Internet. The UK Foreign Office confirmed the death of a British citizen in Switzerland, and a spokesman said the office stood "ready to provide consular assistance." Sutton jumped from a helicopter above the Olympic stadium alongside a fellow stuntman dressed as Queen Elizabeth II in an opening ceremony show seen by millions. Gary Connery, who played the queen, made an apparent reference to news of Sutton's death on Twitter. "All you jumpers/flyers out there, stay safe, make wise choices and know your limits and your locations. Live to tell your stories. One love," he posted late Wednesday. Wingsuit jumping is an extreme sport carried out by experienced skydivers who use a special suit -- which looks like a superhero's cape -- to increase the surface area of the body. The large suit allows them to extend their time in free fall before deploying a parachute to land. John Hitchen, national coach and safety officer for the British Parachute Association, said the organization was saddened to hear about the death of Sutton, who was a member. He said jumpers need to be experienced to use wingsuits, which allow the user to slow their descent, to glide to a degree and move horizontally to the ground. Although the details are unconfirmed as yet, Sutton may have been "terrain flying," which involves flying very close to mountains or cliffs, Hitchen said. "You get a buzz from it but it's potentially quite hazardous," he said. People we've lost in 2013 .
highlights: NEW: British Parachute Association is saddened by news of the death of a member . Swiss police say a 42-year-old British man died after jumping in a wingsuit . UK media name him as Mark Sutton, who jumped at the London Olympics opening ceremony . Police say the man hit a cliff after jumping from a helicopter in the Alps .
id: ca59da71bb31bfcc671492fd9db37f9b36078aad
chatgpt: The British Parachute Association is now mourning the death of one of its members, who died while participating in an extreme sport activity in the Swiss Alps. Swiss police reported that a 42-year-old British man died after jumping in a wingsuit, which authorities later identified as Mark Sutton. Sutton was no ordinary man - he had a record of jumping at the 2012 London Olympics opening ceremony, and had made a name for himself in the world of BASE (Building, Antenna, Span, Earth) jumping. According to sources, he had been living in the Alps for about five years, participating in extreme sports and getting involved in the local community as well.  Reports suggest that Sutton hit a cliff after jumping from a helicopter in the region on Wednesday. The accident proved to be fatal; the man died on impact. Sutton's girlfriend, Victoria Homewood, shared a tribute to him on social media, stating that he was "living life to the full and will be missed by so many." Swiss police are investigating the incident, but witnesses have given an account of the unfortunate incident. According to one witness, Sutton jumped out of the helicopter and attempted to fly away in his wingsuit, but ended up hitting a cliff. Another recounted how Sutton had completed several jumps during the day before the fateful attempt proved fatal. The wing suite is a special jumpsuit made for extremely adventurous riders, equipped with wings that allow them to glide through the air at high speeds, steering their flight using body movements. The sport is highly dangerous and only recommended for experienced professionals, as the slightest mistake can have disastrous consequences. Meanwhile, Sutton's colleagues have paid tribute to him, seeing him as a "veteran of the sport." A statement from the British Parachute Association confirmed the tragedy and expressed condolences to Sutton's family and friends. The organization also urged extreme sport enthusiasts to practice with care and focus on their safety, saying, "Many of us have lost friends doing what they loved. We're heartbroken for Mark's family and friends." Sutton's tragic end shows how extreme sports can be highly dangerous, and highlights the need for extreme caution when participating in such activities. The world's BASE jumpers, skydivers, and other thrill-seekers will mourn the loss of a true professional and talented athlete, reminding us all that danger can lurk just around the corner when we least expect it.