article: By . Kieran Corcoran . Two fraudsters who stole more than £1million from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in a taxi expenses scam have been told they need only pay back £300,000. Lisa Burrows, 41, and Tahir Mahmood, 50, worked for the state prosecutor in the West Midlands, and stole money from their employer by billing fake taxi journeys for court witnesses to their own bank accounts. They spent the money paying down a huge chunk of the mortgage on a house, while splurging on designer clothes and upmarket hotels in Dubai. Fraudsters: Lisa Burrow, left, and Tahir Mahmood, right, set up a fake taxi . Both of pleaded guilty to fraud by abuse of position in Birmingham Crown Court last March and given six year prison sentences for taking a total of £1,147,101. It was discovered the swindlers were still sitting on £600,000 of taxpayers' money on their first day in prison. Shortly after they were imprisoned it emerged that the two were still holding around £600,000 of the haul - but a court hearing designed to recover the money for the public purse offered them a more lenient repayment. Burrows, a former finance manager at the CPS, was ordered to repay £73,213 by January 1 or have her sentence lengthened by 18 months. Mahmood, a junior member of staff in Burrows' office who was also her lover, was told to return £233,991 by January or have his sentenced extended by two years. During the fraud - which continued for five years - he had operated the bank account, withdrawing money which had been fraudulently sent to bogus company B&M Taxis. The company - named after Burrows and Mahmood themselves - supposedly ferried witnesses to and from court cases, but in fact the journeys were invented and the cash spent on high living. Jailed: Burrows and Mahmood were given six-year jail sentences as Birmingham Crown Court, pictured . Brett Wilson, defending, said both of his clients would have to sell properties to pay back the cash during the hearing at Birmingham Crown Court on Friday. He added: 'For Mr Mahmood, while there is some cash that can be used and some from a sale of a property, it does leave him a balance to find from either borrowing or the sale of another property.' Burrows, of Oldbury, and Mahmood, of Hodge Hill, accused each other of launching the scam after they met in 2008. When they were sentenced originally, Judge Davis QC condemned the pair for the serious breach of public trust, saying they were driven by 'pure greed'. He said: 'That money went on high living – expensive holidays in Dubai and New York, designer clothing, jewellery... It is difficult to envisage a more serious fraud of its type that the one you committed.'
highlights: Lisa Burrows, 41, and Tahir Mahmood, 50, carried out five-year scam . They set up fake taxi firm and billed CPS for court trips for 'witnesses' The pair stole £1,147,101 and were given six-year jail terms in 2013 . Court hearing designed to recover money asked for just £300,000 . If Burrows and Mahmood repay the money they will avoid extra jail time .
id: 3ee588d0f28408038f2e254f5d708824b67e3570
chatgpt: A pair of scammers who stole over £1 million from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) have been given a chance to avoid extra jail time if they repay the money they stole. Lisa Burrows, 41, and Tahir Mahmood, 50, worked together for five years to carry out a complex scam. They created a fake taxi firm and submitted fake bills to the CPS for court trips that they claimed were for 'witnesses'. Burrows and Mahmood are believed to have submitted countless invoices for non-existent trips, and were able to steal over £1,147,101 from the government department. After their scheme was uncovered in 2013, Burrows and Mahmood were given six-year jail terms. However, a court hearing designed to recover money from the scammers has revealed a surprising outcome. Despite stealing over £1 million, prosecutors at the hearing only asked for £300,000. If Burrows and Mahmood repay this lower amount of the stolen money, they will avoid extra jail time. Many see this as a lenient punishment for the pair, who carried out a long-term and elaborate scam against a government department. The CPS, which is responsible for prosecuting criminal cases in England and Wales, has faced criticism for being easy prey for fraudsters. The CPS has emphasized that it took swift action when the fraud was discovered and that it is committed to protecting taxpayers' money. However, many are questioning why more wasn't done to prevent such a large-scale fraud from taking place. There are now concerns that this case will set a precedent for future frauds against the CPS, with some highlighting the need for greater transparency and oversight within the department. As for Burrows and Mahmood, they must now decide whether to repay the stolen money and avoid extra jail time, or face the possibility of remaining behind bars for a longer term.  While the CPS would no doubt prefer to recover the full amount stolen, the outcome of this case will serve as a warning to all who would seek to defraud government departments. Those who are caught out may face significant jail time - unless, of course, they are willing to take responsibility for their actions and return what they have stolen.