article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 12:12 EST, 30 October 2013 . The court battle between two girls and . their Pennsylvania school over 'I ♥ Boobies' bracelets could be settled . by the US Supreme Court. The . Easton Area School District board voted 7-1 Tuesday night to appeal a . federal appeals court's decision that rejected its claim the bracelets . are lewd and should be banned from school. The . case started in 2010 when two girls, then ages 12 and 13, challenged . the school's ban on the bracelets designed to promote breast cancer . awareness among young people. Students Brianna Hawk and Kayla Martinez said they merely hoped to promote awareness of the disease at their middle school. Instead their school is fighting their right to wear them . The students, Brianna Hawk and Kayla . Martinez, said they merely hoped to promote awareness of the disease at . their middle school. They filed suit when they were suspended for . defying the ban on their school's Breast Cancer Awareness Day. In . August, the 3rd US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court's . decision in favor of the girls, saying also that the district didn't . prove the bracelets are disruptive. Superintendent John Reinhart told The Express-Times of Easton he supports the board's decision. 'The . Third Circuit Court has compromised administrators' abilities to . intervene in what is and what is not appropriate in school,' he said. In court sessions, Reinhart had called the bracelets 'cause-based marketing energized by sexual double-entendres.' An . attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, which helped the girls . challenge the rule, said Tuesday night the school had been hinting that . it would petition the Supreme Court. Stand up to cancer: Other . offending breast cancer awareness bracelets include these two versions sold . by The Keep A Breast Foundation, which works to mobilize youth to raise . awareness for cancer . 'I'm . just really surprised that they're so determined to fight this speech . case of all speech cases,' said Mary Catherine Roper. '(The bracelets) didn't cause any problems in the school.' School . district solicitor John Freund said the district had the backing of the . National School Boards Association and the Pennsylvania School Board . Association. He said they and other organisations are 'concerned about . the implications of a hyper-sexualised environment,' The Express-Times . reported. The lone board member to vote against the appeal said the district should just drop the matter. 'I think we should be done with it. Let it go. We lost 20, 30 times, I don't even know anymore,' Frank Pintabone said. Easton . is one of several school districts around the country to ban the . bracelets, which are distributed by the nonprofit Keep A Breast . Foundation of Carlsbad, California.
highlights: Case started in 2010 when two girls, aged 12 and 13, were suspended . They challenged Easton Area, Pennsylvania school's ban on the bracelets . Rubber bands designed to promote breast cancer awareness . Girls won right to wear bracelets under freedom of speech laws . School is fighting back and has hinted it will take case to Supreme Court .
id: adc2ea4d114f3db12f379d8067d79a5be95d935c
chatgpt: The Easton Area School District in Pennsylvania is currently embroiled in a legal battle with two former students over a ban on bracelets promoting breast cancer awareness. The case began in 2010 when two girls, aged just 12 and 13 at the time, were suspended for wearing the rubber bands in question. The girls, Brianna Hawk and Kayla Martinez, argued that the bracelets did not disrupt the learning environment and were a form of freedom of speech. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) took up their case, leading to a lengthy legal battle that went all the way to a federal appeals court. The federal appeals court issued a ruling in favor of the two girls, stating that the bracelets were a form of symbolic speech protected by the First Amendment to the US Constitution. The girls were granted the right to wear the bracelets, and the school was ordered to pay damages to the ACLU. However, the Easton Area School District has not backed down. It is now preparing to take the case to the Supreme Court, arguing that the bracelets were a distraction and could be seen as indecent or inappropriate. The school district believes that the First Amendment does not protect all forms of speech, especially when it is disruptive or could be seen as promoting a controversial issue. The district's lawyer, John E. Freund III, argues that "speech can be regulated in schools if it falls outside the bounds of taste and decency, is substantially disruptive, or invades the rights of others." Freund also believes that the court needs to provide more guidance on how to balance the First Amendment rights of students with the need to maintain a safe and productive learning environment. The ACLU, however, maintains that the school district's ban on the bracelets is a violation of freedom of speech. Witold J. Walczak, the legal director of the ACLU of Pennsylvania, argues that "no one lost class time or was negatively impacted by these bracelets. The district's only interest was to censor the message." The case is being closely watched by civil liberties groups and schools across the country who are grappling with how to balance First Amendment rights with the need to maintain a safe and productive learning environment. Supporters of the girls argue that allowing students to express themselves through harmless symbols is an important aspect of free speech, while opponents worry that allowing such forms of expression could lead to distractions and disruptions in the classroom. As the case heads to the Supreme Court, the outcome could have far-reaching implications for schools nationwide. It remains to be seen whether the Supreme Court will hear this case or how it will rule, but the fight against the Easton Area School District's ban on breast cancer awareness bracelets has captured the attention of the nation.