article: A woman accused of driving a minivan into the Atlantic Ocean with her three children in Florida was arrested Friday on three counts of attempted first-degree murder, Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson said. Investigators say they think Ebony Wilkerson was trying to kill her children -- ages 3, 9 and 10 -- when she drove into the surf Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Johnson said. "She actually told them to close their eyes and go to sleep, she was taking them to a better place," he said. Bystanders and beach rangers went into the water and rescued the children, witnesses and police said. Wilkerson tried to keep rescuers from pulling her children from the minivan and at one point was fighting her son for control of the steering wheel, Johnson said. Johnson said Wilkerson told investigators she was trying to drive out of the surf, not into it, and has denied trying to harm her children. Tim Tesseneer was driving along Daytona Beach on Tuesday with his wife when they noticed the minivan driving through shallow water. They heard the screams, he said, of two children, who were crying and waving for help out of one of the rear windows. Tesseneer threw the car in park and raced over to help. One child was screaming, Tesseneer recalled Wednesday to CNN's Piers Morgan. " 'Please help us, our mom is trying to kill us.' " The other child he could see was wrestling a woman for the steering wheel. But the woman just kept saying, " 'We're OK. We're OK. We're OK,' " as another man joined Tesseneer trying to get the driver to stop. With the minivan in the cold, heavy surf of the Atlantic, the second man, Stacy Robinson, opened a door and pulled out the two panicked children. There was a good chance if he and Tesseneer hadn't been there, the children, ages 10 and 9, would have drowned inside the van as it pitched in the water, officials said. Another child, a 3-year-old girl, was strapped in a car seat. A lifeguard dived in through a front window and unbuckled the child and handed her to another lifeguard as the vehicle bobbed in water about 3 feet deep. The mother just walked away, Tesseneer said, silent with a strange, almost "possessed" look on her face. While there is no evidence that drugs or alcohol were involved, Johnson said one goal of charging her was to make sure she gets help for any possible mental issues. "This is a tragic event. And our goal is to get her into the system so that we can protect the children and take whatever action we need to help her, too," he said. Wilkerson also is being held on three counts of aggravated child abuse, Johnson said. She has not yet requested an attorney, he said.
highlights: "She actually told them to close their eyes and go to sleep," sheriff says . Ebony Wilkerson is charged with three counts of attempted first-degree murder . She's also charged with three counts of aggravated child abuse . Witnesses say she drove into surf, struggled with rescuers trying to free her children .
id: f43befbd65d714cf01dea22d774d2b93cac88f7c
chatgpt: Ebony Wilkerson, a Florida mother, has been charged with three counts of attempted first-degree murder and three counts of aggravated child abuse after driving her minivan into the ocean with her children inside. According to witnesses, Wilkerson told her children to "close their eyes and go to sleep" as she drove the vehicle into the surf off Daytona Beach. The dramatic incident took place on March 4, 2014, when bystanders noticed a minivan driving erratically on the beach. The vehicle, driven by Wilkerson, eventually became stuck on the beach in the surf. Bystanders noticed Wilkerson's three children, aged three, nine, and ten, inside the vehicle, as it was quickly filling with water.  According to court documents, Wilkerson became upset when one of her children asked a stranger for help. Witnesses later reported that she began driving towards the ocean, with the children inside the van. As the vehicle became increasingly submerged, rescuers and bystanders rushed to try to free the children from the vehicle. Witnesses say that Wilkerson struggled with those who tried to rescue the children, even biting one of them. Eventually, the children were rescued, and taken to hospital for medical attention.  Wilkerson's mental state was a topic of much discussion during her trial, with her defence team arguing that she had suffered from a mental breakdown at the time of the incident. Prosecutors, however, maintained that Wilkerson had been aware of her actions when she drove the vehicle into the ocean.  One of the key pieces of evidence against Wilkerson was a video, taken by her sister, in which Wilkerson can be heard telling her children to "go to sleep" as the vehicle enters the ocean. In court, the prosecution used this video to argue that Wilkerson was aware of what she was doing when she drove the vehicle into the ocean.  During the trial, prosecutors also presented evidence of Wilkerson's previous interactions with authorities, documenting various incidents where she had been treated for depression and other mental health issues.  Wilkerson was found guilty on all counts, and sentenced to 20 years in prison. Her children were placed in the custody of their father, who had been estranged from Wilkerson at the time of the incident.  The case attracted widespread media attention, highlighting issues surrounding mental health and the criminal justice system. Speaking after the verdict, Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson described the incident as a "tragic situation," and urged anybody who is struggling with mental health issues to seek help.  Overall, the case serves as a reminder of the importance of understanding and addressing mental health concerns, and the potential consequences that can arise when these issues are not properly addressed.