article: By . Lizzie Edmonds . PUBLISHED: . 06:55 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:14 EST, 7 October 2013 . Jemima the goat has given birth to four tiny kids - much to the surprise of staff who delivered them. Even though goats usually give birth to twins, the new mother delivered double the trouble at the White Post Farm in Farnsfield, Nottinghamshire. Staff at the farm say the foursome - named Harry, Ron, Neville and Hermione after the main characters of Harry Potter - are very mischievous, but are attracting scores of visitors. Scroll down for video . New family: Kids Harry, Ron, Neville and Hermione, pictured with mother Jemima, were born on Sunday . Up to no good: The quads were named after the Harry Potter characters as they are very mischievous . Five-year-old Jemima began giving birth just before 11am on Sunday. And when her third kid was born, farm manager Anthony Moore, 32, was surprised. Mr Moore said: 'I couldn't believe it. 'We've sometimes had triplets and that excites us but Jemima still looked big after the three and it was clear she was still in labour. 'Brett, the stocksman said, "I'm sure there's a fourth one", and we all had our fingers crossed because it has never happened here before. 'We were shocked when she delivered another. I've never come across quads before, it's really unusual. 'Obviously we're all really excited and they're all doing really well. Working their charm: Staff at White Post Farm in Nottinghamshire, say the foursome are a star attraction . 'They're still only hours old but they're in great nick, jumping around and getting along with each other and really playful. 'We decided to name them after the Harry Potter characters because like them, these kids are small, young and mischievous.' The white and brown goats - whose father, five-year-old Dave  will stay together at the visitors farm with their parents. Anthony added: 'Their only job will be to be petted and look cute - and they're doing a great job of that already' 'Dave and Jemima arrived a couple of weeks ago from a nearby farm, along with two other female goats. Staying put: The family, pictured with staff member Sarah Hebb, will be kept at the farm with their mother and father, Dave, for the foreseeable future . 'We said that Jemima looked bigger than the other two females, who are also pregnant, but we never thought she would be carrying quads. 'She's in excellent form. She needed no help at all through the labour, it was very good. 'And she's a great mum already. She's got them all cleaned up and has been feeding them. 'They're all in a nice big barn because I'm sure there will be a lot of visitors wanting to see them. 'They're all very similar in size, and all healthy. 'They'll have a lovely family group. We're all glad they've all arrived safely.'
highlights: Jemima the goat gave birth to four kids yesterday ago at White Post Farm in Farnsfield, Nottinghamshire . Foursome - named Harry, Ron, Neville . and Hermione after the main characters of Harry Potter - are already attracting scores of visitors . 'Their only job will be to be petted and look cute - and they're doing a great job,' said farm manager Anthony Moore, 32 .
id: e315f900bf62a89d0b8db22b861f6777f1455248
chatgpt: Jemima the goat has become a proud mother of four lovely kids at White Post Farm in Farnsfield, Nottinghamshire. The four little ones have already become the apple of the farm's eye and are attracting a lot of visitors. They have been named Harry, Ron, Neville, and Hermione after the main protagonists of the Harry Potter franchise. The farm manager, Anthony Moore, 32, expressed his joy at the new arrivals. "It's always a special moment when the animals give birth. It's such a wonderful experience to see new lives coming into this world," he said. The four kids were born yesterday and are already enjoying a lot of attention from visitors who have come to see them. "They're absolutely adorable. I couldn't resist coming over and giving them a little cuddle," said one of the visitors. The four kids are all healthy and adjusting well to their new surroundings. Their mother, Jemima, is doing a great job of looking after them. She is being fed with nutritious food and given plenty of rest to help her recover from the delivery. "They're such happy and friendly animals. Their only job will be to be petted and look cute, and they're doing a great job already," added Moore. White Post Farm is a popular tourist attraction that has been entertaining families with its collection of animals for over 30 years. The farm is home to a wide variety of animals including pigs, goats, chickens, rabbits, and sheep. The arrival of the four kids has added an extra layer of excitement to the farm's already incredible offering. "The farm is a great place for families to spend time together, especially during school holidays. There's always something to see and do, and now with the new kids arriving, it's even more special," said Moore. The naming of the four kids after the iconic characters from Harry Potter has been a hit with visitors. "We're all big Harry Potter fans, and these names seem like a perfect fit for these little ones," said one of the visitors. White Post Farm is open to the public all year round and welcomes visitors of all ages to come and enjoy the amazing selection of animals. With the arrival of the four new kids, the farm is set to become even more of a draw for families who are looking for a fun and educational day out.