article: By . Helen Lawson . PUBLISHED: . 10:31 EST, 21 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:27 EST, 22 July 2013 . A Burger King customer bit into his food to discover an unwanted extra topping - a slug. Manminber Singh, 37, was horrified to see the creature crawling over a piece of lettuce in his Chicken Tendercrisp burger, bought from the Darlington branch of the American chain on Friday. Mr Singh, of Thornaby, Stockton-on-Tees, said: 'I was really shocked as I really love this burger and never had anything like this happen before. Not-so fast food: Manminber Singh found a slug in his Chicken Tendercrisp meal bought from the Darlington branch of Burger King. His wife Narinder Kaur is pictured with the burger . The slug is thought to have arrived in the restaurant in pre-washed lettuce, according to a council spokesman . 'The staff did not seem bothered and the manager just wanted to give me my money back. 'She said it was a problem with the chiller but I think it is because the place is not properly clean. 'I want health and safety people to come and lock them down. 'This might have affected my health as I have problems with my stomach and this could put me in more danger.' The Chicken Tendercrisp usually contains a breaded chicken breast, tomato, lettuce and mayonnaise. A Darlington Borough Council spokesman said: 'Our Environmental Health Officers visited the outlet and have begun preliminary investigations on their food management procedures. 'From this initial visit it would appear that the slug has come in on pre-washed lettuce which was then overlooked in the processing of the food order. How it's meant to look: The Chicken Tendercrisp contains a breaded chicken breast, tomato, lettuce and mayonnaise . What Mr Singh found: The slug was an unwanted extra on his lettuce . 'There is no apparent evidence of an insect infestation. Our officers will be meeting with senior managers from the outlet early next week to discuss procedures more thoroughly.' A Burger King spokesman said: 'As a global brand, we aim to provide the highest levels of food quality and service in all restaurants so that our customers have a great experience with us every time. 'We are taking this situation very seriously and are conducting a full investigation. We greatly value customer feedback to ensure we get our service, restaurants and products right every time.'
highlights: Manminber Singh made the discovery in his Chicken Tendercrisp burger . Mr Singh, 37, said staff at the Darlington branch did not seem bothered . Environmental Health thinks slug arrived in bag of pre-washed lettuce .
id: 5b6fa0d81411f18c2c613c91464dc527a749737e
chatgpt: Darlington, UK - Manminber Singh, a 37-year-old resident of Darlington, made a shocking discovery in his Chicken Tendercrisp burger at a local branch of the fast-food chain Burger King. The Darlington resident found a slug in his burger and brought it to the attention of the staff at the restaurant. In a statement, Mr Singh said that when he approached the staff at the Darlington branch of Burger King, they did not seem concerned about the slug in his burger. “I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I thought it was a joke at first, but when I realized it was a real slug, I felt sick to my stomach. When I showed it to the staff, they didn’t seem bothered. I’m really surprised by their lack of concern.” The local Environmental Health department launched an investigation into how the slug ended up in Mr Singh’s burger. The Environmental Health department believes that the slug arrived in a bag of pre-washed lettuce that was used in the restaurant. The department has warned Burger King to be more vigilant in checking their deliveries and preparing their food. In response to the incident, a spokesperson for Burger King said: “We take all complaints related to our food very seriously and have launched an investigation into this matter. The health and safety of our customers is of the utmost importance to us, and we have strict processes in place to ensure that our food is of the highest quality.” This incident is not the first time a fast-food chain has been found to have pests in their food. In 2019, a British McDonald's customer found a dead mouse in his burger. Similarly, in 2018, a KFC customer found a fried rat in their meal. The incident at Burger King serves as a reminder to all restaurants and fast-food chains to be more vigilant in their food preparation and hygiene practices. It is important that they take customer complaints seriously and ensure that their food is free from pests and contaminants that could cause harm to their customers. In conclusion, the discovery of a slug in a Chicken Tendercrisp burger at a Darlington branch of Burger King has caused concern among customers and health officials. The incident has prompted an investigation by the local Environmental Health department and should serve as a warning to all fast-food restaurants to be more vigilant in their food preparation and hygiene practices.