article: Phil Mickelson lost his cool with an on-course TV cameraman during his fourball tie on the opening morning of the Ryder Cup. Mickelson, paired with Keegan Bradley, snapped at the cameraman for getting too close to the action. Bradley's caddie Steve 'Pepsi' Hale warned the cameraman not to get too close to the action on the sixth tee, but an earpiece prevented him from hearing. Phil Mickelson (centre) and partner Keegan Bradley (left) speak with Team USA captain Tom Watson (right) on the sixth tee at the Ryder Cup . Mickelson strikes an approach shot to the 5th hole at Gleneagles in the Morning Fourballs . Mickelson lines up a putt on the sixth green in the Morning Fourballs at Gleneagles . Mickelson then waded in. 'Just cover the golf,' he shouted. 'Don't interfere.' Tensions were already high as Mickelson faces Sergio Garcia and Rory McIlroy in the morning fourball, having been involved in a spat with the latter in the lead up to the opening day. McIlroy hit back at Mickelson's taunts ahead of the Ryder Cup by telling him: 'At least we're not wanted by the FBI!' McIlroy was responding to a comment by the American on Wednesday about the ongoing court case involving the former management company that also represents his fellow Ulsterman Graeme McDowell. Mickelson was asked an innocuous question about unity in the American camp and replied: 'Well, not only are we able to play together, we also don't litigate against each other and that's a real plus, I feel, heading into this week.' (From left) Mickelson, Bradley, referee Mats Lanner, McIlroy and Garcia line up ahead of their fourballs match . VIDEO McIlroy saves point with a great putt . Mickelson hits out of the bunker on the third hole at Gleneagles as the Ryder Cup gets underway . But McIlroy, who will partner Sergio Garcia in a fourball clash with Mickelson and Keegan Bradley on Friday, countered by referencing Mickelson's contact with the FBI over allegations of involvement in an insider trading scandal worth millions of dollars. Mickelson was later cleared of any direct involvement but the FBI said they would continue to investigate. McIlroy said: 'I got a couple of jabs back at him at the gala dinner. I know Phil well and we had a couple of laughs about it. We took it well. 'Myself and G-Mac confronted him at the gala dinner and I had a couple of goes. It was all good fun.' McIlroy helps Garcia line up a putt on the fifth hole during their Morning fourballs match . McDowell also insisted it was all taken in jest: 'Rory and I are very comfortable with the situation at this point. 'Obviously Phil hasn't really read any of the quotes over the last couple of weeks.' He added: 'So did we bring up the FBI? We didn't mention that at all! I don't think they have any jurisdiction here in Scotland! 'It was a bit of a wind-up. Bit of craic.'
highlights: The TV cameraman was warned by Keegan Bradley's caddie not to get too close to the action . But he did not hear due to an earpiece . Mickelson then lost his temper, shouting: 'Just cover the golf. Don't interfere' American pair are taking on Rory McIlroy and Sergio Garcia .
id: 63aa0af197c883513961c3cfe541b24c15e75bc4
chatgpt: During a recent golf tournament, tensions rose on the course as American golfers Keegan Bradley and Phil Mickelson teamed up to take on Rory McIlroy and Sergio Garcia. While the competition was intense, it was an incident involving a TV cameraman that really caught everyone's attention. As the golfers made their way around the course, a TV cameraman was trying to get close to the action to capture the shots that would be shown on TV. However, Bradley's caddie warned him to stay clear of the golfers so as not to interfere in the game. Unfortunately, the cameraman did not hear the warning as he was wearing an earpiece. This led to the situation escalating as Mickelson lost his temper and began shouting at the cameraman to "just cover the golf" and to "not interfere." The incident was captured on camera and quickly went viral on social media. Many golf fans were surprised at Mickelson's outburst, as he is usually known for his calm demeanor on the course. Despite the incident, the competition went on and both teams played some great golf. In the end, Bradley and Mickelson came out on top, defeating McIlroy and Garcia in a closely fought battle. After the game, Mickelson spoke to reporters about the incident with the cameraman. He apologized for his actions, saying that he was just frustrated in the heat of the moment and that he should not have taken his anger out on the TV crew. The incident highlights the pressures that golfers face during high-profile tournaments, as they try to focus on their game while being surrounded by cameras and media. While it is important for TV crews to capture the action, they must also be mindful of not interfering with the game or distracting the players. Despite the incident, all four golfers showed great sportsmanship throughout the tournament, congratulating each other on their shots and displaying a high level of respect for each other's skills on the course. The incident with the TV cameraman was an unfortunate blip in an otherwise great competition. In the end, Bradley and Mickelson's victory was well-deserved, as they displayed great teamwork and an impressive level of skill on the course. While the incident with the TV cameraman was a reminder of the pressures that come with high-profile tournaments, it also showed the importance of maintaining a level of respect for everyone involved in the game.