article: By . Toni Jones . Deciding whether or not to stay friends with an ex can be an emotional minefield. But straight-talking Samantha Brick has some simple advice: Move on, ladies! Writer Samantha was asked to share her opinions on relationships with ex partners for Bella magazine this week, and the feisty 42-year-old didn't hold back, singling out Simon Cowell's long-term ex Sinitta for some tough talking. Samantha says: 'I scoff at Sinitta, hanging on for dear life to remain friends with Simon Cowell. He has a new partner, who is five months pregnant with his son. Who is Sinitta kidding? Move on, girl! How on earth can you look to the future when you haven’t closed the door on your past?' Writer Samantha Brick claims that staying friends with an ex is always a bad idea and wants Sinitta to 'move on' from her relationship with Simon Cowell . Samantha is famously living in domestic bliss in the Midi-Pyrénées, south west France, with her French husband and a litter of puppies. Sinitta, who has married and divorced as well as adopted two children since splitting with fiance Simon in 1984, allegedly burst into tears after learning the shock news that he was expecting a child with married US socialite Lauren Silverman, 36. The couple dated on and off for twenty years and remain particularly close, with Sinitta, 50, a constant fixture on the multi-millionaire's Caribbean jaunts. Sinitta and Simon split in 1984 but continued dating on and off for 20 years afterwards. Sinitta allegedly burst into tears when she heard that Simon was to have a child with Lauren Silverman, saying: 'It should have been me!' Journalist Samantha lives in south west France with her husband Pascal Brick . Samantha says: 'Sinitta is living . proof that you really can’t be friends with an ex, and I genuinely take . issue with those platonic ‘mates’ who simper and smile sweetly when . they’re no longer the first on their former lover’s call list . Read the full story in this week's Bella magazine . 'I . scoff when they claim the green-eyed monster is something out of a . kids’ cartoon. If they’re being honest with themselves, when they look . in the mirror they’re the ones who are coursing with full-blown jealous . envy.' Recently the two women appeared on the Alan Titchmarsh show to debate this issue and Samantha claims that while Sinitta put on a brave front as she defended her relationship with TV mogul Simon, 54, she was clearly hurting when the cameras stopped rolling. Samantha says: 'When you’ve had a sexual relationship with someone – and they’ve seen you naked – it’s the most intimate and vulnerable you can be with another human being. 'Given that, it’s impossible to turn back the clock. Most of us in modern life struggle to keep up with our real mates, so why hang on to an old relationship unless you’ve got a hidden agenda?'
highlights: Samantha Brick was writing about the perils of staying friends with an ex . Singles out Sinitta as one a breed of simpering women standing by . Sinitta has famously remained close friends with ex Simon Cowell . Was reportedly devastated though when he announced a baby on the way .
id: 951e8dc07df84018e1b34aa3217d9274c10e0599
chatgpt: In a recent article about the challenges of staying friends with an ex, Samantha Brick took aim at what she called "a breed of simpering women" who she feels are overly devoted to former partners. One of the women Brick singled out by name was singer and TV personality Sinitta, who has famously remained on good terms with ex-boyfriend Simon Cowell despite their romance ending years ago. Brick's article suggests that Sinitta, and those like her who continue to interact with exes regularly, are putting themselves in a precarious position. Even if two people have parted amicably and are genuinely interested in maintaining a friendship, there are often residual feelings that can lead to confusion, jealousy or hurt. For example, Brick points to a recent situation involving Sinitta and Cowell, in which the latter announced he was expecting a baby with his current girlfriend. According to reports, Sinitta was "devastated" by the announcement, despite the fact that she and Cowell have not been together romantically for many years. While some might argue that Sinitta's reaction was understandable, given the long history she shares with Cowell, others might question why she was so upset. After all, Cowell has made no secret of his desire to start a family, and if anything, one could argue that Sinitta had been given plenty of warning that this news might be coming. Moreover, some might argue that Sinitta's continued closeness with Cowell has ultimately done her more harm than good. By maintaining a close friendship with her ex, she has kept herself in a position of vulnerability, one where any news of his love life or family planning could come as a blow. Of course, Sinitta is hardly alone in having to navigate the tricky terrain of ex-partnership. Many individuals find themselves in similar positions, wondering how to extricate themselves from confusing or painful situations without cutting off ties completely. Some may choose to remain friends with exes out of loyalty or nostalgia, while others may feel that maintaining some level of contact is necessary for the sake of children or shared assets. Whatever the reasons behind Sinitta's ongoing friendship with Cowell, one can't help but wonder whether perhaps it's time to let go. While it's certainly possible for exes to remain friendly and even cordial, it's also clear that there are risks involved, and that trying to recapture the past can sometimes lead to more heartache than it's worth. For Sinitta, this latest episode with Cowell may serve as a stark reminder that emotions are complicated, and that even the most well-intentioned of connections can backfire. Whether she decides to distance herself from Cowell now or to weather the storm and continue on as before, one thing is clear: the perils of staying friends with an ex are very real indeed.