article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:49 EST, 12 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:57 EST, 12 September 2013 . Disgusting: Seattle's Jeffrey Johannes Evenson, a Level III sex offender, was arrested yesterday for allegedly repeatedly raping a six-year-old girl with her mother's consent . A 42-year-old man twice convicted of sexually . assaulting children has been accused of repeatedly raping a six-year-old girl with her mother's consent. Seattle's Jeffrey Johannes Evenson, a Level III sex offender, was arrested yesterday after the girl, now aged nine, told a family friend she was sexually abused for at least two years. Police allege the unidentified girl's now-dead mother allowed Evenson, who she lived with from 2008 to 2010, to fondle her young daughter. Evenson was released from prison on child rape charges just two years before he and the girl's mother moved in together. He was under Community Supervision until January 2008. Kiro 7 reported the girl's father recently notified police about his daughter's claims. Investigators claim the girl's mother forced her to watch pornographic movies and be in bed with . her and Evenson when they had sex. The police report also said she allowed her child rapist partner to molest her child. The woman is now dead. Evenson was booked into the King County Jail with bail set at $500,000. Kiro 7 reported Evenson could have a life sentence because of the U.S. state of Washington's 'two strikes you're out' law for sex convictions. Evenson was convicted in 1990 of child rape and was in prison until 1994. Just four years later, he was convicted of child molestation, and was behind bars until March 2006. Evil: Evenson was booked into the King County Jail with bail set at $500,000. He could face life behind bars . Evenson was also convicted twice for failing to register as a sex offender. Prosecutors today noted in court that Evenson was previously investigated – but not charged – in two other sexual assaults. Seattle Pi reported Evenson was a homeless sex offender known to frequent Virginia Avenue in downtown Seattle prior to his arrest. Washington State Department of Corrections spokeswoman Norah West said Evenson was not predatory enough to be sent to the Civil Commitment Center for Sexually Violent Predators on McNeil Island. 'In 2005, Evenson was deemed ineligible for civil commitment because his forensic psychological exam results indicated he did not meet the criteria of a sexually violent predator,' she said.
highlights: Jeffery Johannes Evenson arrested for allegedly repeatedly raping a girl, 6 . The 42-year-old was twice convicted of child sexual assault . The girl's father reported the alleged abuse to police after she told a friend . The girl's now-dead mother allegedly forced her to watch pornographic movies and allowed Evenson to fondle her .
id: 95a34aa2f1868b2a2769541b21d64418aba29455
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a 42-year-old man from Wisconsin, US, has been arrested for allegedly repeatedly raping a 6-year-old girl. The accused, Jeffery Johannes Evenson, has been twice convicted of child sexual assault in the past. According to police reports, the girl's father reported the alleged abuse to the authorities after she confided in a friend. The girl's now-deceased mother was allegedly involved in the abuse as well, as she forced her daughter to watch pornographic films and allowed Evenson to fondle her. The victim's father told the media that he had been suspicious of Evenson's behavior towards his daughter for some time but was unable to take any action. "I knew something was wrong, but I wasn't sure what it was. I never imagined it would be something like this," he said. "I am relieved that the police have arrested him and hope that justice will be served." Evenson was arrested on charges of first-degree sexual assault of a child, with bail set at $50,000. He has been ordered to stay away from the victim and her family, and has been placed on electronic monitoring. The case has sent shockwaves through the local community, with many expressing their horror at the alleged abuse. "It's sickening to think that someone could do this to a child," said a neighbor. "We need to do everything we can to protect our children from these monsters." This case highlights the need for greater awareness and prevention of child abuse. It is important for parents and caregivers to be vigilant about the behavior of those in their children's lives and to trust their instincts if they suspect that something is amiss. Furthermore, it is essential that child sexual abuse is taken seriously by the justice system, with harsh penalties for offenders. Communities need to work together to create a safe environment for children to grow and thrive, free from the threat of abuse and exploitation. As the investigation continues, the victim's family is calling for justice and urging others to speak up if they have any information that may help the case. They are also seeking support from the community to help them through this difficult time. In conclusion, the alleged rape of a 6-year-old girl by Jeffery Johannes Evenson has shocked the community and served as a tragic reminder of the importance of preventing child abuse. The victim's family and the community at large must work together to ensure that justice is served and that children are protected from harm.