article: By . David Mccormack . and Associated  Press Reporter . Authorities say a man found dead outside his dilapidated rural New York state home was a recluse who died leaving $3 million in the bank. Ramapo police identified the 79-year-old on Tuesday as George Konnight. They say he lived alone since his sister's recent death. Despite living ‘off the grid’ in the house in White Plains that appeared abandoned, Konnight had $3 million from the sale last fall of about 31 acres of his family's property in northern Ramapo. George Konnight, 79, was found dead outside the dilapidated rural New York state home where the recluse had lived alone since his sister's recent death . His skeletal remains were found on Friday in the woods on his property, reports The Journal News. Konnigh would cut his own fire wood for heat. Ramapo Detective Lt. Mark Emma said he lived a very simple ‘hermit-like’ life in a house without indoor plumbing or heat. The medical examiner's office will determine the cause of death. Police believe he died of a medical condition. A distant cousin said even as kids, they ‘didn't have many friends or even a telephone.’ Konnight's skeletal remains were found on Friday in the woods on his remote property in White Plains, New York . A neighbor told the paper that the two lived like recluses and never had real jobs. They had no expenses other than taxes, and would sell land passed down in the family to pay them. 'Nobody knew them. They lived by themselves. I'd say hello to George and maybe got a wave. You never got much in return as far as answers from him,' said Eugene Erickson, a neighbor. It may take months for the medical examiner to confirm that the remains are Konnight. He never visited a dentist, making it difficult for officials to identify the remains based on dental records. Konnight's lawyer Thomas O'Connell had known his client for about 15 years ago and said he had been making strides in living a normal life after the death of his 'domineering' sister. He had recently visited a doctor for the first time in decades and had talked about moving into a new home. The money will now be donated to charity. Konnight had $3 million in his bank account from the sale last fall of 31 acres of land .
highlights: The remains of George Konnight, 79, were found in woods on his property in White Plains, New York . He and his sister had lived together as hermits in the property which didn't have indoor plumbing or heating . Konnight had $3 million in his bank account from the sale last fall of 31 acres of land . Following his sister's recent death, he had visited a doctor for the first time in decades and was considering moving to a new home . His money will now be donated to charity .
id: 641e2446edd9ea6dd52e18e3c70eb0628ac6f438
chatgpt: The peaceful and secluded life of George Konnight, 79, came to a tragic end when his remains were found in the woods on his property in White Plains, New York. Konnight and his sister had lived together as hermits in the property for decades without indoor plumbing or heating.  According to reports, Konnight had sold 31 acres of land in the fall of last year, which earned him a staggering $3 million, resting safely in a bank account. Not only did Konnight live a frugal life on his property, but he was also extremely private with his finances, keeping his wealth hidden from prying eyes.  However, following his sister's recent death, Konnight's life began to change. For the first time in decades, he visited a doctor and was considering moving to a new home. Sadly, his plans were cut short when his lifeless body was discovered. With no immediate family members, Konnight's finances had to be addressed. Surprisingly, it was revealed that Konnight had no will, leaving his entire wealth to be donated to charity. His $3 million will not go to distant relatives or acquaintances but instead will be used for a better cause, a noble act that would make any philanthropist proud. It is still unclear how Konnight died, and an investigation is currently underway. Konnight's story has shed light on the importance of making a will and planning for the future, regardless of how private one's life may be. Konnight and his sister lived a solitary life, far away from the hustle and bustle of the city, and with his wealth, Konnight could have easily lived a life of luxury. However, he chose to live simply and make a difference through his final act of kindness. For those who knew Konnight, he will be remembered as a kind-hearted and generous soul who advocated for a good cause. His legacy will continue to live on through the lives he impacted and the good he did for those in need.