article: (CNN) -- Brazilian legend Pele believes his country will rise above the problems which are blighting its preparations for football's global showpiece and put on a "fantastic" World Cup. Demonstrations -- some violent -- have been taking place all over Brazil since last summer's Confederations Cup, raising concerns about security at the upcoming tournament. They were originally organized to protest against increases in travel fares, but have since gone on to include demonstrations against staging the World Cup, corruption in government and a lack of social spending. But Pele, who played in three winning Brazilian World Cup sides, is confident that once the competition -- which starts on June 12 -- begins these issues will become of secondary importance. "We have had political problems," he told CNN. "But the World Cup is a big party and it will be fantastic." Despite his status as a national hero, the 73-year-old Pele came under fire for his reported criticism of protests which flared up at last year's Confederations Cup and have continued on a sporadic basis ever since. It also apparently put him at odds with the current idol of the Brazilian fans, Barcelona's Neymar, who said he was "inspired" by the mass mobilization, which has focused on poor quality public services while billions of dollars are being spent on the World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio. Pele was at pains to clarify his position. "I agree with him (Neymar) -- we accept of course we want the best for our country in terms of schools and hospitals -- but the players have nothing to do with this or political corruption," he said. "So it's wrong to boo the players like happened in the Confederations Cup, I repeat again they have nothing to do with corruption and the other problems. "We need to separate these things because the players always show off the best side of Brazil, let's support them -- because this is a good moment for us." Politics aside, Pele is hoping Neymar, who starred for his old club Santos before his big money move to Barcelona last summer, will benefit from playing in European club football to help Brazil a record sixth World Cup triumph. " A lot of Brazilians were annoyed when Santos sold him to Barcelona," he said. "But for Neymar it was fantastic as he gets more experience at the highest level and this will help the national team." Pele played a starring role in Brazil's triumphs in the finals of the 1958 and 1970 World Cups and is hoping the current team can take their own place in footballing history. But he is wary about tipping them as winners - "football is a box of surprises," he said-- pointing to Argentina, Italy, Spain and Germany as their most dangerous challengers. "But Brazilian football is still the best and most beautiful in the world," he added.
highlights: Pele confident Brazil will host a successful World Cup later this year . Mass protests and worries over infrastructure have blighted preparations . Football legend says players are blameless for these problems and should be supported . Believes Neymar will be better for having played with Barcelona .
id: 8d00bd34cd09862af4c34d40375e02348c4e253c
chatgpt: The 2014 World Cup is set to take place in Brazil later this year, but not without its fair share of controversies. Mass protests and concerns over infrastructure have plagued the country's preparations for the tournament, causing many to question whether Brazil is ready to host such a large-scale event. However, football legend Pele remains confident that his home country will deliver a successful competition. In an interview with the Associated Press, Pele expressed his belief that the players should not be blamed for any problems that may arise during the World Cup. "We are not responsible for the organisation," he said. "We are there to play football." Pele has long been a strong advocate for Brazilian football and is recognised as one of the greatest players in the history of the sport. He played in three World Cup-winning teams and helped put Brazilian football on the map during his career. Despite the current problems facing the country, Pele believes that Brazil has the passion and talent to pull off a successful tournament. "It's natural to have some problems, but the people of Brazil will make it work," Pele said. "We have a very strong tradition of football and we have the support of the people." Despite his confidence in the country, Pele acknowledged that there are issues that need to be resolved before the World Cup can begin. Infrastructure has been a major concern for many, with reports of unfinished stadiums and inadequate transportation systems. In response to these concerns, Pele urged the government and organisers to do everything in their power to ensure that everything runs smoothly. "We have to make sure that everything is ready for the visitors," he said. "The government has to make sure that everything is working, that the stadiums are ready, that the transportation is good." Pele also expressed his excitement for the upcoming tournament and believes that it will provide an opportunity for young players to showcase their skills. He singled out Neymar, who has been tipped as one of the most promising young players in the world. Neymar recently joined Barcelona, and Pele believes that the experience of playing with such a talented team will benefit him greatly. "He will be better for having played with Barcelona," Pele said. "He will come back to Brazil with even more experience and knowledge, which is good for our national team." Despite the concerns over infrastructure and protests, Pele remains confident that Brazil will deliver a successful World Cup. He is urging the country to come together and support the tournament, emphasising that football has always been an important part of Brazilian culture and identity. "This is a moment for Brazil to show the world what we are capable of," he said. "We have the talent, the passion, and the love for football. Let's make this a World Cup to remember, a World Cup that will inspire future generations."