article: (CNN) -- Ohio's governor on Friday signed an executive order covering ownership of dangerous wild animals, which will strengthen enforcement of existing laws, and said he will push for tighter regulations through legislation. Gov. John Kasich spoke to reporters just days after authorities in his state used lethal force against exotic animals on the loose. Police believe the animals' owner, Terry Thompson, 62, freed the animals -- lions, tigers, leopards and grizzly bears -- at his preserve near Zanesville before dying from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. "Fortunately, today, I'm able to sign an executive order that will have teeth, that is founded in the law, and gives power to people," the governor said. Among other directives, the executive order instructs the departments of agriculture, natural resources and health to work with local health officials, humane societies and law enforcement to identify locations where dangerous animals might be, investigate and enforce laws that are already on the books, Kasich said. It also directs agencies to work with the zoos to safely house animals that are captured or confiscated, and orders the agriculture department to identify unlicensed auctions of dangerous animals and take appropriate action. Finally, the order instructs the state's department of natural resources to develop a framework for legislative change by the end of November. According to the governor, state officials do not currently have the authority to track down exotic and dangerous animals that are not native to Ohio. "Let me be clear on this. We will seek statutory authority. Changes must be made in the law," said Kasich. Ohio authorities were called to the area around Thompson's house Tuesday night. Of the 56 animals released, only a grizzly bear, two monkeys and three leopards were taken alive, Muskingum County Sheriff Matt Lutz said. Killed were two wolves, six black bears, two grizzly bears, nine male lions, eight lionesses, one baboon, three mountain lions, and 18 Bengal tigers. One monkey remained unaccounted for Wednesday night, though Lutz, and conservationist Jack Hanna, said the animal may have been eaten by one of the big cats. The Humane Society of the United States has said it does not fault authorities for using deadly force in such a situation. However, on Friday, the group criticized the governor's response by saying the order he signed "is inadequate and sidesteps the central problems created by the exotic animal trade in Ohio. "The Humane Society of the United States agrees with him (Kasich) that the legislature should enact a statute that addresses the problem, but in the interim, we need an executive order that bans the sale and acquisition of dangerous wild animals as pets or roadside attractions," said Wayne Pacelle, president and CEO of the group.
highlights: Humane Society calls the governor's response "inadequate" Ohio Gov. John Kasich says the law must change . He talks just days after authorities shot exotic animals on the loose . Of the 56 animals released, only six were taken alive .
id: b0c434d6736e888d3effcc2677c944a9e5449621
chatgpt: The Humane Society of the United States is condemning Ohio Governor John Kasich's response to the recent animal escape debacle. Just days after authorities were forced to take drastic measures to protect the public from exotic animals on the loose, Governor Kasich made a statement insisting that the state's laws on animal ownership must change.  56 animals were released from a private estate near Zanesville, Ohio, earlier this month. The owner of the animals, Terry Thompson, had apparently set them free before killing himself. In the ensuing chaos, authorities were forced to shoot and kill nearly all of the animals. Only six were taken alive.  In the aftermath of the incident, Governor Kasich and the Ohio Department of Natural Resources have come under fire for their slow and inadequate response. Though the Governor has now acknowledged that Ohio's laws on exotic animal ownership are too lax, the Humane Society is calling for immediate action.  "Governor Kasich's statement is too little, too late," says Wayne Pacelle, President and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States. "This tragedy should never have happened in the first place. Ohio's laws on exotic animal ownership are some of the weakest in the country, and until they are changed, incidents like this will continue to occur."  Pacelle and other animal rights advocates have been pushing for stricter laws on animal ownership across the country. They argue that privately owned exotic animals pose a significant threat to public safety, and that comprehensive regulations are needed to prevent such incidents from occurring.  Ohio's current laws allow individuals to own dangerous wild animals if they obtain a permit and meet certain minimal standards. Critics argue that these standards are insufficient and that Ohio's regulators are not equipped to deal with the threats posed by exotic animals.  Governor Kasich's recent statements indicate that he now agrees with these critics. He has called for a review of Ohio's animal ownership laws and for the creation of a task force to address the issue. However, many animal rights advocates say that this is not enough.  "Governor Kasich's response is inadequate," says Pacelle. "We need immediate action to ensure that no more lives are lost. Ohio's legislature must act swiftly to enact tough new regulations, and Governor Kasich must take a leadership role in making that happen."  The tragic incident in Ohio has drawn national attention to the issue of exotic animal ownership. Critics say that lax laws and weak enforcement have created a situation where private individuals are able to keep dangerous animals with few safeguards in place. Animal rights advocates are calling for comprehensive regulations to ensure that such incidents are never repeated.  Governor Kasich's recent statements suggest that he is now willing to take action. However, many believe that more needs to be done to ensure that Ohio's animal ownership laws are strengthened and that the public is protected from the dangers posed by privately owned exotic animals. The Humane Society of the United States says that it will continue to work on this issue until comprehensive regulations are put in place across the country.