article: President Obama has again refused to call the battle with terrorism in the Middle East a war against radical Islam. In his latest interview, the Commander-in-Chief agrees certain factions have perverted the religion having embraced a 'nihilistic, violent, almost medieval interpretation of Islam' But he insists that such labels hurt efforts to root out radical ideologies in Muslim communities which have been tainted by groups such as ISIS and Al Qaeda. Scroll down for video . Defiant: President Obama has once again refused to state that the fight against terror in the Middle East was a religious war because the 'overwhelming' majority of Muslims do not support that interpretation . Speaking to CNN's Fareed Zakaria, he said: 'There is an element growing out of Muslim communities in certain parts of the world that have perverted the religion. 'They are doing damage in a lot of countries around the world. 'But I reject a notion that somehow creates a religious war because the overwhelming majority of Muslims reject that interpretation of Islam. They don't even recognize it as being Islam. 'I think for us to be successful in fighting this scurge it's very important to align ourselves with the 99.9 per cent of Muslims.' In January, during a visit from British Prime Minister David Cameron, Obama also refused to call ISIS terrorists Muslims. Following the speech is spokesman released a statement saying:  'Let’s call them what they are. These terrorists are individuals who would like to cloak themselves in the veil of a particular religion. Reasoning: Speaking to CNN' s Fareed Zakaria, he said: 'There is an element growing out of Muslim communities in certain parts of the world that have perverted the religion'. But he rejected the notion it was driven entirely by religion . 'But based on the fact that the religious leaders of that religion have roundly condemned their actions, those religious leaders have indicated that their actions are entirely inconsistent with Islam,' he said. The U.S. President said he does not consider the threat from ISIS an 'existential' one. Earlier this month Senator Lindsey Graham told Fox News: 'We are in a religious war with radical Islamists. When I hear the President of the United States and his chief spokesperson failing to admit that we're in a religious war, it really bothers me . On Tuesday, during a speech in India, Obama told an audience the country could succeed if it wasn't divided by religious lines.
highlights: Speaking to CNN he agreed some factions had 'perverted' the religion . But he said 'overwhelming majority' of Muslims ignore interpretations . In the fight he insisted the US needed to align itself with the 99.9% . It's his administration's policy not to refer to them in religious terms .
id: 93c5cab3b4ccddffd7c38ddcd5d118330a815450
chatgpt: President Joe Biden has spoken out about the current fight against terrorism, and in particular, the importance of distinguishing between extremists and the majority of the Muslim community. During an interview with CNN, he acknowledged that some factions had “perverted” the religion and carried out violent acts in its name. However, he also emphasized that “the overwhelming majority” of Muslims ignore such interpretations of the faith. For Biden, it is crucial that the United States aligns itself with this majority, rather than alienating them through demonizing or discriminatory policies. He noted that this was also part of his administration's policy, which does not refer to Muslims or any other religious group in such terms. The president's comments come amid ongoing global efforts to counter terrorism and violent extremism. Throughout the years, the issue has been a major topic of concern for governments around the world. Biden emphasized that in order to fight effectively, it is essential not to lump all Muslims together but to make a clear distinction between those who support extremist ideologies and those who reject them. The vast majority of Muslims fall into the latter category, he explained. In fact, most Muslims want nothing to do with the violent interpretations of their faith espoused by extremist groups. Instead, they seek to practice their religion peacefully, just like members of any other faith. Biden further went on to argue that the US is a country of immigrants, built on diversity and the acceptance of people from all walks of life. This inclusive outlook, he maintained, is essential to tackling the complex issues of terrorism and extremism. He pointed out that the fight against terrorism requires a joint effort, with countries around the world working together to make the world a safer place. It cannot be done by demonizing or ostracizing any particular community or using discriminatory policies. The President’s comments are a reminder of the importance of clear thinking in relation to terrorism and extremism, and the dangers of painting entire communities with the same brush. As policymakers and leaders work toward creating a more secure and peaceful world, they must make sure they do not alienate the many peaceful and law-abiding individuals within those communities who are just as committed to those same goals as anyone else.  Ultimately, the fight against terrorism and extremism requires a united front that encompasses diverse nations, peoples, and beliefs. By working together and embracing diversity, we can create a safer and more just world for all.