article: Ferguson, Missouri police officers were shot at Tuesday night, as they tried to investigate a burglary call at one of the town's many buildings burned down in anti-cop riots. Officers were called to the shell of the old Beauty Town store on West Florissant Avenue on Tuesday night around 6pm, and found several suspects stealing hair products from the building's basement. While trying to arrest the suspects, the officers heard gunfire coming from the Park Ridge Apartments located behind the store. Scroll down for video . Violent: Police officers responding to a burglary at the burned down Beauty Town in Ferguson, Missouri were shot at Tuesday night as they tried to arrest the six suspects found looting the store.  Above, a picture of the building burning down on November 24, 2014 . They ducked for cover and then heard another round of fire coming from another location across the street. 'It was a volley of rounds,' Ferguson police Sgt Harry Dilworth told St Louis Post-Dispatch. They called for back-up and 15 to 20 minutes later, the area was cleared out and no one was injured. The shots appeared to be directed at the officers at Beauty Town (circled) from the apartments behind the lot . Before: No one was injured Tuesday night, and no suspects found. Above, what Beauty Town looked like before it was burned to the ground in the November anti-cop protests in Ferguson, Missouri . Above, another before and after picture of the damage done to the Beauty Town store . A search of the area did not result in any weapons or suspects being found. Police do not believe the shooting was planned. The six looters arrested at the scene were charged with attempted burglary. The suburb of St Louis has been embroiled in turmoil ever since local teen Michael Brown was shot dead this past summer in an altercation with police officer Darren Wilson. Tensions in the community became even more heated in November, when a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson on any charges related to the teen's killing. The night the grand jury decision was announced, rioters took to the streets of Ferguson and burned down about a dozen buildings and destroyed ever more cars as police tried to combat the crowd with tear gas. Beauty Town was one of the several stores destroyed in the fire and looting, and the owner has set up a fund to raise money to rebuild. So far the fund has raise $6,015 of its $30,000 goal. The city of Ferguson has been the scene of several violent protests ever since a grand jury decided not to indict Police Officer Darren Wilson (right) on charges for shooting dead black teen Michael Brown (left) this past summer . Above, a violent scene from the night the grand jury announcement was made in Ferguson, Missouri .
highlights: No officers were injured in the incident, which happened outside the former Beauty Town store Tuesday evening . Gunfire from nearby apartments was heard just as the officers were trying to arrest the suspects . The area was cleared, but no suspects or weapons were found .
id: b27340cc01bb8f659d93d31879839b2935825008
chatgpt: Police officers narrowly escaped being injured in an incident that happened outside the former Beauty Town store on Tuesday evening. The officers were trying to arrest suspects when gunfire erupted, believed to be from nearby apartments. Thankfully, no officers were injured in the incident. According to eyewitnesses, the officers were attempting to arrest the suspects when gunshots rang out. The officers scrambled for cover, with some taking refuge behind their cars. A nearby resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said that she heard multiple gunshots and immediately called 911. Emergency services arrived within minutes, and the area was quickly cleared. However, despite an extensive search, no suspects or weapons were found. The police have appealed to anyone who witnessed the incident or has information to come forward. The officers involved in the incident are being hailed for their bravery and dedication to their duty. Speaking to reporters, a police spokesperson said that incidents such as this highlight the dangers that officers face in the line of duty. The police have vowed to continue their efforts to bring those responsible to justice. Residents in the area have expressed their shock and concern over the incident. Many have expressed worry about the safety of the community and called for increased police presence in the area. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said that incidents like this are becoming all too common in the area. The former Beauty Town store has been the focus of attention in recent weeks, with reports of criminal activity in the area. Local business owners have expressed concern about the negative impact that such incidents could have on their businesses. The police have urged residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity in the area. Gun violence is a growing concern in many communities across the country. With incidents like this becoming all too common, there is growing pressure on lawmakers to take action. Many advocates for gun control argue that stricter laws are needed to prevent such incidents from occurring, while others argue that the issue is more complex than that and needs to be addressed at a societal level. Regardless of the solution, there is no denying that incidents like this have a profound impact on the communities in which they occur. For the officers involved, it is a stark reminder of the dangers that they face every day in the line of duty. As the investigation continues, residents of the affected community are left to pick up the pieces and try to move forward.