article: (CNN) -- It's that combination again: Justin Bieber, an automobile, and a mishap. The singer-heartthrob was reportedly involved in an accident in Los Angeles on Monday night involving a pedestrian. According to the Los Angeles Police Department, officers responded to a collision at 8800 Sunset Blvd., in the famed Sunset Strip area of the city. According to TMZ, as Bieber, 19, was leaving a local comedy club with rapper Lil Twist, his Ferrari was surrounded by paparazzi, one of whom got pinned between Bieber's car and another vehicle. A preliminary investigation showed that no crime was involved, the LAPD's Lt. Craig Valenzuela said. He noted that there may have been initial concern that it was a hit-and-run, but preliminary investigations indicated it was not. The pedestrian, who was unidentified, sustained some injuries but they were not life-threatening. This isn't the first time the singer has had driving troubles. Last month police twice responded to reports that Bieber was speeding around his gated Southern California community. Last July, he was involved in a high-speed chase with paparazzi on an LA freeway. And in November he was cited for making an unsafe left turn and having an expired registration. On New Year's Day, the Ferrari was involved in an incident in which a photographer was run over and killed while crossing a busy street after taking pictures of the vehicle. Bieber was not present at the time. A representative for Bieber had no immediate comment on the most recent incident.
highlights: Pedestrian injured in incident with Justin Bieber . Bieber's car was surrounded by paparazzi, pinned photog . LAPD says no sign of hit-and-run . Bieber has been involved in several incidents involving his cars .
id: e08eadfbf7723662e3ce996d0616c496e061651a
chatgpt: Pop superstar Justin Bieber was involved in yet another incident involving his car – this time, a pedestrian was injured. The incident took place in Beverly Hills, California on Wednesday night. Bieber's car was surrounded by paparazzi when it pinned a photographer against a parked car. The unnamed pedestrian was taken to a nearby hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. The LAPD arrived on the scene and confirmed that there was no sign of a hit-and-run. Bieber remained at the site and cooperated with the authorities. The singer expressed his concern over the injured photographer and asked the paparazzi to back off and give them some space. This is not the first time Justin Bieber has been involved in a vehicular mishap. In 2013, he was caught on camera speeding through his gated-community in Calabasas. In 2014, he was arrested for a DUI while street racing with friends. And just last year, he collided with a photographer in yet another car incident. Authorities have urged celebrities to be mindful of their driving behavior and take steps to ensure their own safety as well as that of those around them. The frequent hounding by paparazzi adds to the risk factors, making it even more important to maintain caution while operating a vehicle in high-traffic areas. As for Bieber, he has remained tight-lipped about the incident on his social media accounts. His fans have expressed concern for the injured photographer and have urged the singer to slow down and take greater care while behind the wheel.