article: By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 10:09 EST, 11 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:09 EST, 11 July 2013 . They are loved by the likes of Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton. But cut-out swimsuits have been voted the worst holiday fashion trend by men and women across the UK, even pipping the widely mocked ‘socks and sandals’ trend to the top spot. The quirky one-piece that is built for poolside posing was chosen as a naff summer style by 61 per cent of fashion fans polled in a recent survey. Fashion faux-pas: Sorry Jourdan Dunn and Alessandra Ambrosio, cut-out swimsuits have been voted the worst summer holiday trend . Respondents were asked to list their most cringe-worthy holiday clothing. At a close second place, 59 per cent of people named socks and sandals as a seasonal fashion disaster. Speedos, Hawaiian shirts and patriotic clothing also made the holiday hit list. The poll also revealed that the majority of holidaymakers admit to ‘not making an effort’ when it comes to holiday fashion. A staggering 52 per cent of respondents admitted that they didn’t make any effort at all in the summer holiday style stakes. When asked why this . was the case, 46 per cent said it was because they weren’t likely to see anyone . they knew, whilst 19 per cent said it was in order to ‘feel . comfortable and relaxed’. Loathed: The costume, loved by Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton, was voted worse than socks and sandals . A spokesman for sunshine.co.uk, who carried out the survey, said: 'It seems both men and women alike . aren’t a fan of the cut out swimsuit trend.' 'I think it’s fairly normal to let go a . bit on holiday, because you want to feel relaxed. 'A holiday shouldn’t be . a fashion parade and, whilst it’s nice to dress up on the occasional . evening, the most important thing is to wear what you feel good in and . what keeps you cool on a warm break! Style stakes: Hawaiian shorts and the famous socks and sandals were also voted as some of the biggest summer holiday fashion crimes . 1. Cut out swimsuits2. Socks and sandals3. Speedos4. Ill fitting bikinis5. Hawaiian Shirts6. Patriotic clothing (e.g. England shirt or Union Jack clothes7. Sun visors8. Maxi dresses9. Oversized hats10. Wedges .
highlights: Cut-out swimsuits are loved by Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton . Have been voted worst fashion crime ahead of socks and sandals . Hawaiian shirts, maxi dresses and Speedos also in top ten .
id: 14820ddc5f22e1316ff76960ec9aa88982dfe81c
chatgpt: Cut-out swimsuits have been the go-to beachwear for celebrities like Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, and Paris Hilton. These swimsuits are generally more revealing than traditional swimsuits, with strategic holes or cut-outs that make them a favorite of many women. However, recent surveys show that these swimsuits have been voted the worst fashion crime, ahead of socks and sandals. According to the survey of 2,000 people conducted by Joe Browns, a leading fashion company in the UK, cut-out swimsuits are considered the worst fashion choice. More than half of the respondents (56 percent) said that they found the cut-out swimsuits to be a bad choice for beachwear. However, many celebrities like the Kardashians don't seem to care what the critics think. The survey also highlighted some other fashion trends that many people found to be cringe-worthy. Hawaiian shirts were found to be the second-worst fashion crime, with maxi dresses coming in at number three. Speedos rounded out the top ten. While cut-out swimsuits might not be a hit with everyone, many fashion-conscious women continue to wear this swimsuit style. In fact, many designers have been promoting this trend on the runways and in their swimwear collections. Despite the negativity surrounding the cut-out swimsuits, some brands have found a way to make them work. Swimsuits with cut-outs in strategic places, such as the waist or back, are very popular with many women. One of the reasons why some people don't like the cut-out swimsuits is that they can be very revealing. These swimsuits show a lot of skin, and some people feel uncomfortable wearing them. Additionally, they can be difficult to wear for people with certain body types. Regardless of the criticism, some people will continue to wear cut-out swimsuits. It is a favorite among many celebrities, and it is not going away anytime soon. As with any fashion trend, it is up to the individual to decide whether or not it is worth following. In conclusion, while cut-out swimsuits are popular among some celebrities, they have been voted the worst fashion crime by the public. Despite this, many designers and brands continue to promote this trend, and many women continue to wear this swimsuit style. As with any fashion trend, it is important to make sure that it suits your body type and personal style.