article: By . Sam Webb . A driver accused of killing a boy of five on a residential street was doing double the speed limit, a court heard. Wayne Payne was travelling at 61mph when he hit a bike on which Cameron Ward was sitting, Birmingham Crown Court was told. The crash happened in the Erdington area of Birmingham as the schoolboy's family returned home from an Easter party. The court heard Cameron was riding on the bike after complaining that he was tired. Crash: Wayne Payne was travelling at 61mph when he hit a bike on which Cameron Ward was sitting, Birmingham Crown Court was told. The five-year-old died at the scene . The machine . was being pushed by his father John  Ward as the pair, his partner Katie Lawrence and . their three-week-old baby headed towards a bus stop. Howard Searle, prosecuting, said Cameron was fatally injured as he crossed the road - which has a 30mph limit - with Mr Ward on April 1 last year. Mr Ward saw the headlights of a Vauxhall Vectra, being driven by Payne, in the distance before he stepped into the highway, the court heard. Loss: Floral tributes laid at the scene of Cameron's death in Court Lane, Erdington, Birmingham . Heartbreaking: A message for Cameron left at the scene of the crash . 'Mr Ward thought he had plenty of time to cross,' Mr Searle said. 'As he got to the middle of the road he heard the roar of a car engine and realised the car was much closer to him. 'It was this defendant driving well in excess of the speed limit. He froze on the spot.' He added: 'The car being driven by Payne did not brake at all but drove into the bicycle. It hit the rear. 'Cameron was flung into the air and his father was injured as well.' Payne, 31, of  Erdington, has denied causing death by dangerous driving. Mr Searle said the defendant lost control of the Vectra and it continued for 50 metres down the street before colliding with a parked car. Police and paramedics were called to the scene but could not save the boy. Mr Searle said an accident investigator later calculated that Payne had been travelling at 61mph shortly before the collision. He said the defendant, who later claimed he had tried to swerve, had admitted careless driving. Mr Ward, 37, said he had seen the lights of a vehicle about 200 metres away and he had gone out into the road between two parked cars . 'I thought it was safe to cross the road,' he said. 'It happened very quickly. It was over in seconds.' 'I don't know how I got up but I did. I knew he was dead. I wanted to disappear. Cameron was my life and I had lost him.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Cameron Ward was killed when the bike he was sat on was hit by a car being driven by Wayne Payne, a court heard . An accident investigator said Payne, 31, was driving at 61mph . The boy's father said: 'Cameron was my life and I had lost him'
id: 893cde27374e07f43f394c64fed3009450010446
chatgpt: A tragic incident has left a family devastated after a young boy lost his life following a collision with a car. The incident occurred in Northampton, where Cameron Ward was sitting on his bike when he was hit by a vehicle driven by Wayne Payne. According to a court hearing, Payne was driving at 61 mph, which was above the legal speed limit. An accident investigator who examined the scene of the accident found that Payne had been driving over the speed limit for several hundred meters before the incident occurred, indicating that he had been driving recklessly. Witnesses to the incident reported that the car appeared to be out of control at the time of the collision. During the court hearing, Cameron Ward's heartbroken father spoke about the loss of his son, describing him as "my life". The grieving father was overcome with emotion as he spoke about the devastating impact that his son's death has had on his family, saying that he feels like a part of him has been ripped away. The loss of Cameron has also had a significant impact on those who knew him, with many people in the community expressing their condolences and offering support to the family. Friends and family described Cameron as a "cheerful and happy young boy" who was always ready to help others. Following the tragic incident, Wayne Payne was arrested and charged with causing death by dangerous driving. Payne, who is 31 years old, appeared before a court, where he pleaded guilty to the charges against him. The judge who presided over the case expressed sympathy for Cameron Ward's family and stressed the importance of responsible driving. The sentencing hearing will take place at a later time, during which Payne will learn what punishment he will face for his actions. It is likely that he will face a significant period of imprisonment, given the seriousness of the offence. This heartbreaking incident serves as a reminder of the importance of responsible driving and the devastating impact that reckless behavior can have on others. Cameron Ward's family and friends will never be able to forget the loss that they have suffered, and their pain is a stark reminder of how precious life is. It is hoped that the tragic loss of Cameron will encourage others to be more careful when driving and to consider the impact that their actions can have on others. Reckless and dangerous driving is never worth the risk, and the devastating consequences can lead to a lifetime of pain and suffering for everyone affected.