article: Cricket legend Andrew Flintoff was making catches of a different kind on Sunday afternoon as the former England bowler took part in a half-time penalty shootout during Manchester City's 1-0 win against Manchester United. Flintoff, kitted out in full City goalkeeping kit, was taking part in the spot-kick challenge for Sky One's A League Of Their Own sports quiz show as he was joined by a number of famous faces including David Seaman and James Corden. The 36-year-old played up to the home fans by kissing the badge after stepping between the sticks to face a penalty from West Ham fan Corden. Andrew Flintoff celebrates saving a penalty from television presenter James Corden . The pair tussle as Corden steps up to take the spot-kick for A League Of Their Own . West Ham fan Corden sends his penalty towards the top left corner of Flintoff's goal . The former England Test cricketer proved his reflexes are still intact by diving to his left top stop Corden's well-struck penalty before turning to celebrate with the Etihad faithful. Flintoff seemed to be enjoying his day at the Manchester derby, taking to Instagram to post a picture of himself with colleagues Josh Widdicombe and Jack Whitehall. The Lancashire-native even joked that he was 'open to offers' from football clubs looking for a new goalkeeper as his impressive save spread across social media. The former England cricketer showed some excellent reflexes during his short spell in the City goal . The 36-year-old holds the City badge as he looks into the crowd following his impressive stop . Flintoff poses with comedians Jack Whitehall (left) and Josh Widdicombe before the challenge .
highlights: Andrew Flintoff saves James Corden penalty during half-time challenge . Flintoff and Co take part in A League Of Their Own penalty shootout . 36-year-old jokes he is 'open to offers' after impressive save .
id: b77e750be843be4142108dad7ca8fce7d48539bd
chatgpt: Andrew Flintoff has been hitting headlines after saving a penalty taken by popular TV presenter James Corden. The former England cricket captain saved the shot during a half-time challenge on the television programme ‘A League Of Their Own’. The programme featured a penalty shootout, with Flintoff and his team taking on Corden and his team.  Flintoff proved to be the hero of the challenge, making an impressive save and keeping his team in the lead. The 36-year-old joked that he was “open to offers” after his impressive display as a goalkeeper. Corden, however, was left red-faced after missing the penalty, despite his best efforts. Flintoff is renowned for his love of football and has previously spoken about his desire to pursue the sport professionally. He has even trained with professional clubs in the past, including Lancashire and Celtic. The former cricketer’s appearance on ‘A League Of Their Own’ was a hit with fans, who took to social media to praise his performance. Many were impressed with Flintoff’s goalkeeping abilities, noting his reflexes and agility. This isn’t the first time that Flintoff has taken part in a celebrity challenge. He has previously appeared on ‘The Cube’, ‘Ninja Warrior UK’ and ‘Top Gear’. He has also worked as a commentator on the BBC’s coverage of cricket. Although Flintoff hasn’t played professional football, he is certainly no stranger to the sport. He has previously spoken about his love for football and even went on to co-host the BBC’s coverage of the 2018 World Cup. Flintoff’s impressive save has certainly captured the attention of football fans, who are now wondering if he will pursue a career in the sport. Only time will tell, but for now, Flintoff can revel in his impressive performance on ‘A League Of Their Own’.