article: By . Leesa Smith for Daily Mail Australia . It's a case of spot the difference between Australia's poster promoting the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup and the other competing countries. The 'I root for' slogan is emblazoned across the other 23 teams' promotional material but Australia's poster was wisely changed to 'I support Australia' for the World Cup championship that runs for the next two weeks in Spain. Although 'rooting' is a term widely used across the globe to imply you support or follow a particular team or country in sport, the word is more commonly used as a slang word among Aussies for having sex. Using the word 'support' was the better option for Australia instead of 'root' like the other 23 posters . One of the 23 posters that have the slogan ' I ROOT FOR' Americans very commonly used the term 'root' to talk about their support for a team . The change was made after Basketball Australia suggested FIBA alter the marketing material in question to suit the Australian market. 'Given the connotations of the original slogan – we think basketball is exciting enough as it is without other activities on top,' a Basketball Australian spokesperson said. The alteration of the poster started a debate on Reddit with some thinking the Aussie term should have been changed to 'barrack'. 'If they understood Australian slang it would be 'I barack (sic) for Australia' one said. Another replied suggesting that 'barrack' was only a Victorian term while others chimed in saying the word was also used in NSW, Perth and Adelaide. Some Aussies think the word 'barrack' should have been used instead of 'support' Then the conversation went onto whether barrack was used across the country . Then someone suggested it was an old-fashioned term: 'I've heard it rarely and it was mostly other people saying it'. 'I think it's Australia wide....but is slowly falling out of fashion an some areas are just hanging onto it longer,' another posted. But others thought 'barrack' was only used in the football code of AFL which was originally known as the VFL and only played in Victoria. 'I have a suspicion it's just an AFL thing. I've never heard someone say they barrack for their team unless they're talking about Vickers.' New Zealand don't seem to have a problem with using the 'I root' slogan . Some suggested that 'barrack' was just possibly an AFL term . Others thought it was simply an old-fashioned word that was dying out .
highlights: All 23 countries except Australia have the poster slogan 'I root for' to promote the FIBA Basketball World Cup . Basketball Australia requested the material be changed to 'I support' The sport is exciting enough 'without other activities on top' it said . 'Root' is more commonly used as slang among Aussies for having sex .
id: ed2ca2c930d1fff38360a5196acaf2bea38cd336
chatgpt: The upcoming FIBA Basketball World Cup is the talk of the town as the event brings in excitement and enthusiasm among sports enthusiasts worldwide. However, the campaign poster slogan "I root for" seems to have rubbed Australia's national basketball team the wrong way. Basketball Australia has requested a change in the slogan for the campaign poster, and the reason behind it is quite peculiar. All 23 countries participating in the tournament have the same poster slogan, "I root for." Still, Basketball Australia requested that the material be changed to "I support." The organization stated that the sport is already exciting enough, and there is no need to add any other activities on top. The national basketball team also expressed that rooting is more commonly used as slang in Australia for having sex, and it doesn't align with their values and principles. Although the rest of the countries see nothing wrong with the slogan, Australia's request has been taken seriously. FIBA has recognized the request and announced that a new poster with the slogan "I support" will be created specifically for Australia. The rest of the countries will stick to the previous slogan, "I root for." This development has sparked mixed reactions among the sports community. While some support Basketball Australia's request, others think that it is unnecessary to change the slogan. "I root for" is a commonly used phrase in American English, and it has no sexual connotations. Moreover, it is understandable that cultural differences may cause some issues, but it is essential to respect and understand each other's values. FIBA has acknowledged the issue and has shown that they are committed to making the tournament as inclusive and diverse as possible. However, it remains a question whether this small but significant change will have any impact on the success of the tournament. At the end of the day, what matters most is the quality of the games and the sportsmanship displayed by the players. The FIBA Basketball World Cup will kick off on August 31st, and the participating countries are preparing to showcase their best performance in the tournament. It is expected to be a thrilling and exciting event, drawing millions of basketball enthusiasts worldwide. In conclusion, the dispute over the slogan for the campaign poster may be a small issue. Still, it highlights the importance of respecting cultural differences and values. We are all unique, but we can all share a love for sports, which bring us together in the spirit of competition and camaraderie. Let's hope that this FIBA Basketball World Cup will showcase not only great basketball but also great sportsmanship and respect for one another.