article: The FBI and Justice Department . prosecutors have recommended bringing criminal charges against . former CIA chief David Petraeus. He has been accused of improperly providing . classified information to a female Army Reserve officer with . whom he was having an affair, the New York Times reported on . Friday. The Justice Department investigation focuses on whether Petraeus gave his biographer Paula Broadwell, access to his CIA email account and other highly classified information. Scroll down for video . Investigation: The FBI and Justice Department prosecutors have recommended bringing criminal charges against former CIA chief David Petraeus . The . Times said officials have recommended felony charges. Mr. Petraeus, a four-star general who served as commander of the U.S. Forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, resigned from the C.I.A. in 2012 when the affair became public. He has consistently denied giving Ms. Broadwell any access to classified material and, according to the paper, has told the judge he will not accept a plea deal. Petraeus was credited with helping pull Iraq from the brink of an all-out civil war as commander there and President Barack Obama turned to him to lead U.S. forces in Afghanistan before moving to him to the CIA in 2011. Affair: The Justice Department investigation focuses onwhether Petraeus gave the woman, Paula Broadwell (right), access to his CIA email account and other highly classified information . In May 2013, Paula Broadwell finally issued an apology for the first time since her affair with former CIA director David Petraeus was exposed. 'I have remorse for the harm that this has caused, the sadness it has caused my family and other families,' she told her local station WSOC in Charlotte. 'I'm very blessed. Blessed with an awesome family, a wonderful community that's been a great part of my rehabilitation, if you will. 'Even when you've made mistakes in life you can still contribute and pick up the stuff and move on.' Broadwell met Petraeus, 60, while she was a graduate student at Harvard University and working on a dissertation about him. She then wrote his biography called All In: The Education of General David Petraeus, for which she was able to spend large portions of time with him. In a statement in the aftermath of the scandal, Petraeus said: ‘I am very pleased to join such a great team. I have watched KKR evolve as it adapted to the post-financial crisis world and became a go-to partner for companies worldwide. 'I look forward to supporting the investment teams in their pursuit of the best opportunities for clients and also being a part of a new initiative to provide additional insights to KKR's clients and companies.’
highlights: FBI and Justice Department have recommended bringing felony charges . Is accused of letting Paula Broadwell have access to his CIA email account . He resigned in 2012 after the affair was disclosed to the public .
id: 5305994dc79a343615ffd392435dd56af5fc4caf
chatgpt: The FBI and Justice Department have recommended bringing felony charges against former CIA Director David Petraeus. The charges stem from accusations that Petraeus allowed his mistress, Paula Broadwell, access to his CIA email account, which contained classified information. Petraeus resigned from his position as CIA Director in 2012 after news of his affair with Broadwell became public. The scandal rocked the intelligence community and raised serious concerns about national security. The recommendation to bring felony charges against Petraeus comes after a lengthy investigation into the matter. It is unclear at this time what specific charges will be brought against him, but sources have indicated that they will likely center around his mishandling of classified information. Petraeus' attorney, David Kendall, has declined to comment on the matter. However, Petraeus has previously admitted to "mistakes" and apologized for his actions. The case against Petraeus is just the latest in a string of high-profile cases involving the mishandling of classified information. In recent years, several government officials have faced charges for mishandling sensitive information, including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. The Petraeus case, however, is unique in that it involves an individual who was at the top of his field – a respected military leader and intelligence officer – and it raises important questions about the responsibilities and obligations of those in positions of power. The recommendation to bring felony charges against Petraeus will likely be met with controversy and debate. Some will argue that Petraeus' actions were simply an error in judgment, while others will argue that he should be held to a higher standard given his position and the nature of the information he was entrusted with. Regardless of the outcome of this case, it serves as a stark reminder that the mishandling of classified information is a serious offense with serious consequences. It is incumbent upon those who are entrusted with sensitive information to uphold the highest standards of integrity and responsibility, and to take all necessary precautions to safeguard that information from those who would seek to use it for nefarious purposes. As the Petraeus case moves forward, it will be closely watched by those in the intelligence community and beyond, as it has the potential to set important precedents and raise important questions about the intersection of national security and personal responsibility.