article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . 'Birdman' Steve Elkins faces ruin after unsuccessfully suing the organisers of the Worthing International Birdman Competition . A birdman who was inches from winning a £30,000 prize in a contest to fly 100 metres faces ruin after unsuccessfully suing the organisers. Hang-glider designer Steve Elkins, 51, of Hope, Derbyshire, claimed to have flown the required distance from Worthing Pier in West Sussex during the annual birdman contest in 2009. But organisers Worthing Town Centre Initiative said he was short by 14cm – less than 6in – and denied him the prize. Judge Jonathan Simpkiss ruled at Brighton County Court that they had been correct not to pay out and ordered Mr Elkins to pay WTCI’s £60,000 court costs – £20,000 of it within 28 days. 'I'm quite surprised and quite shocked,’ Mr Elkins said. ‘I have been a fool in some ways.’ WTCI said it had to fight the case or it would not be able to get insurance for the prize, putting the event in jeopardy. The dispute has been ongoing since 2009 when Steve claimed to have flown the 100 metre distance required to claim the prize at the Worthing International Birdman competition. The organisers claimed he was 14 centimetres short and ruled his flight was 99.86 metres. The total cost of TCI's legal fees was £60,000, made up of solicitor and QC costs and expert witness costs. Sharon Clarke, manager of the TCI said: 'We are certainly not rejoicing, it's been a torrid time for all of us. 'Mr Elkins chose to take these actions and he should have been aware of the implications.' Judge Simpkiss said: 'It's one of those things that's happened that would have been much better if it hadn't.' He claimed to have flown the required distance from Worthing Pier during the annual contest in 2009. But the organisers Worthing Town Centre Initiative said he was short by 14cm and denied him the prize. A judge upheld that decision and Mr Elkins now faces paying WTCI's costs of £60,000. Pictured is Tony Hughes taking part in last year's competition .
highlights: Steve Elkins took part in the Worthing International Birdman contest . He claimed to have won after jumping from the pier . But organisers said he was short by 14 cm and denied him the £30k prize . A court has upheld that decision leaving him with a £60k bill .
id: 6562939a12cefdec31f8ab2ec16c4da02a882389
chatgpt: Steve Elkins' dreams of winning the Worthing International Birdman contest were cut short when he was denied the £30k prize for not meeting the required distance. Mr. Elkins insisted that he had successfully jumped from the pier and covered the required distance, but the organisers thought otherwise. The dispute ended up in court, and unfortunately for Mr. Elkins, the decision not to award him the prize was upheld. Mr. Elkins had participated in the contest with the hope of winning the top prize of £30k. The contest, which involves jumping from the pier and flying for as far as possible using a self-made aircraft or costume, attracts participants from all over the world. Mr. Elkins' attempt at the contest was successful, with him making a safe and impressive jump from the pier. However, things took an unexpected turn when the organisers measured the distance covered by Mr. Elkins' craft, and it fell short of the required length by 14 cm. Despite Mr. Elkins' protests and claims that he had indeed covered the required distance, the organisers remained adamant that the rules were not followed, and the prize money could not be awarded. The matter was then taken to court, where the decision not to award Mr. Elkins the prize was upheld. As a result, Mr. Elkins was not only stripped of his chance at winning the coveted prize but was also left with a hefty bill of £60k to cover the legal costs of the dispute. This has been a significant blow to Mr. Elkins, who had invested a lot of time, effort and resources into his attempt at the contest. The decision has caused an uproar among some contest enthusiasts and fans of Mr. Elkins, who believe that he was unfairly treated. However, the organisers and the court have both stressed the importance of following the contest's rules, and Mr. Elkins' failure to meet the required distance meant he was not eligible for the prize money. Despite the outcome of the case, the Worthing International Birdman contest continues to attract participants and fans from all over the world. The contest remains an exciting and unique event, and participants will continue to strive to win the top prize in the years to come, ensuring that the competition remains a thrilling and entertaining spectacle.