article: (CNN) -- Spider-Man may be getting a female counterpart. Sony -- the studio behind the "Spider-Man" films -- has confirmed it's at work developing a project for a female superhero in the Spider-Man universe, a source close to negotiations told CNN. The female superhero film would likely come out in 2017, according to Deadline.com and The Hollywood Reporter. The trade publications report that Lisa Joy has been tapped to write the script and Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach are producing. The decision is driven by a number of factors, according to the industry publications. First, female superheroes are becoming more common, what with Wonder Woman joining the "Batman v Superman" cast, Scarlett Johansson's popular turn as Black Widow in Marvel's "Avengers" film and Marvel's recent announcement of a female Thor. New Wonder Woman draws mixed reaction . Moreover, audiences have responded to women-led action films. Johansson's "Lucy" debuted at the top of the box office its opening weekend and stayed strong in its second week, finishing No. 2 behind "Guardians of the Galaxy" and ahead of "Get on Up" and the Dwayne "Rock" Johnson-led "Hercules." No word on which character will be the protagonist in the new film, though there has been a Spider-Woman, an identity adopted by several characters. The next "Spider-Man" film has been pushed back to 2018, so Sony is filling the gap with other films from the character's world. According to the trades, first up will be "Sinister Six," which puts the Spider-Man villains together in one film. Drew Goddard -- who oversaw "The Cabin in the Woods" -- is writing and directing the film, which has a release date set for 2016. Though Spider-Man is a Marvel character, Sony's Columbia Pictures has released the Sam Raimi and Marc Webb films featuring the webslinger, including 2014's "The Amazing Spider-Man 2." CNN's Joan Yeam contributed to this report.
highlights: Sony is working on a female superhero film, source says . Character will likely come from the Spider-Man universe, reports say . Other female superheroes and action heroes have been in the news . Sony film is expected in 2017 .
id: b3898a1661054a542d05267ac57cb736fcb2ec17
chatgpt: Sony is set to take on the male-dominated superhero film industry with the announcement of a new project believed to center on a female hero. According to sources, the upcoming film is currently in the works, and insiders suggest that the heroine is likely to come from the Spider-Man universe. The highly anticipated release is slated for 2017. The trend of strong female lead roles in action flicks has been growing steadily over the past few years. The success of recent productions like The Hunger Games series, Lucy and Mad Max have shown that movies with women in the lead role can be a hit with audiences. There has been a growing demand for more female superheroes in the world of cinema, with characters such as Wonder Woman and Black Widow becoming household names. It was only a matter of time before one of the big players such as Sony decided to give the movie-going public what they want. This is not the first time that Sony has attempted to break away from the conventional superhero formula. In 2014 they announced plans for a Sinister Six movie, which would focus on some of the villains from the Spider-Man universe. Unfortunately, the project was shelved when Sony decided to reboot the Spider-Man franchise again. The details of the upcoming project are still shrouded in secrecy, but the possibility of the female hero being based in the Spider-Man universe has set tongues wagging. The Spider-Man universe is rich with strong female characters that could easily hold their own as the lead in a movie. Fans have started speculating who the female hero could be. Some have suggested Gwen Stacey, who has been portrayed as Spider-Man’s love interest in various incarnations of the comic book series. It’s clear that Sony is betting heavily on the success of the upcoming project. The film industry is in dire need of more movies with female leads, and this could be Sony’s chance to stand out from the crowd. The release date of the movie is fast approaching and many are eagerly waiting to see who will be cast as the lead and how the movie will perform.