article: By . Chris Cutmore for MailOnline . Follow @@Chris_Cutmore . Slaven Bilic has warned Arsenal that his Besiktas side will not be starstruck in their Champions League qualifying tie and are fully focused on ruining Arsene Wenger's European dream. The Gunners are bidding to reach the group stages of the continent's premier club competition for the 17th consecutive year but must get past the Turks over two legs, starting with Tuesday night's first game at the fearsome 76,000-capacity Ataturk Stadium. Wenger's men kicked off their Premier League season with victory against Crystal Palace and boast some world-famous players in their ranks, but Besiktas boss Bilic said that Alexis Sanchez, Aaron Ramsey and Co hold no fear for his players. VIDEO Scroll down for Besiktas Manager Slaven Bilic: We're not here for a jolly up . Familiar face: Alexis Sanchez is the leading star in Arsenal's squad playing in Istanbul on Tuesday . 'We are not here to take selfies with Arsenal on the pitch, we are here to battle to the end,' Bilic said at his pre-match press conference. 'Don't expect our players to take selfies with Alexis Sanchez, (Olivier) Giroud and (Mikel) Arteta or be in a hurry to swap shirts at half time, we believe we can qualify and will do everything we can to make it happen. 'We know who we are playing very well, Arsenal may be favourites however, this doesn't mean we are going to lay down and roll over. Up for the challenge: Arsene Wenger (left) is aiming to lead Arsenal into the Champions League once again . 'Look at the Champions League logo behind me, they say a picture tells a thousand words, well look at that logo, that is where we want to be, that is our plan, that is our dream and we will do everything we can to get there.' Bilic may have to beat Arsenal without defender Atiba Hutchinson and attacking midfielder Gokhan Tore, who are both injury doubts for the game. 'Tore may not be ready we will decide tomorrow,' Bilic said. 'Atiba isn't 100 per cent yet either, both players will be a game time decision.' Fighting talk: Ersan Gulum (centre) is among the Besiktas players hoping to spoil Arsenal's party .
highlights: Besiktas host Arsenal in final Champions League qualifying tie . First leg is in Istanbul's Ataturk Stadium on Tuesday night . Besiktas boss Slaven Bilic says his team do not fear Alexis Sanchez and Co . Arsenal bidding to reach Champions League for 17th successive year .
id: f32722d2523d6c0b8d57e160cebd6bcf45a56b11
chatgpt: In what is expected to be a pulsating encounter, Besiktas and Arsenal will face off in their final qualifying match to determine who will progress to the group stages of the UEFA Champions League. The first leg will be played at Istanbul's Ataturk Stadium on Tuesday night, with the return leg scheduled for the following week. The Turkish side, managed by former Hammers boss Slaven Bilic, have already dispatched Feyenoord and Partizan Belgrade to reach this stage of the qualifying process. Despite facing an Arsenal side boasting the talents of Alexis Sanchez, Mesut Ozil and Aaron Ramsey, Bilic says his team are not intimidated and are fully focused on getting the job done on the pitch. The Gunners, meanwhile, are bidding to reach the Champions League for the 17th successive year. Manager Arsene Wenger is no stranger to the competition, having guided Arsenal to the final in 2006, before losing out to Barcelona in Paris. His team will be eager to go one step further this time around, but will be mindful of the potential banana skin that awaits them in Istanbul. Speaking ahead of the match, Wenger said his players were fully aware of the threat posed by Besiktas, and stressed the importance of not underestimating their opponents. "We know that Besiktas are a strong team, particularly at home, and we will need to be at our best to get a positive result," he said. "But we are confident in our ability and are fully focused on the task at hand." The two sides last met back in 2008, when they were drawn together in the group stages of the same competition. Arsenal emerged victorious on both occasions, winning 1-0 in Istanbul before triumphing 5-0 at the Emirates Stadium. With the likes of Sanchez and Ramsey in their ranks, Arsenal will undoubtedly fancy their chances of scoring away from home, but will need to be wary of a Besiktas side that boasts a number of attacking threats of their own. The onus will be on the likes of former Chelsea striker Demba Ba to lead the line for the hosts, while veteran goalkeeper Tolga Zengin will be hoping to keep the Gunners at bay at the other end. As ever in football, anything can happen on the day, and both sides will be fully aware of the importance of getting their Champions League campaign off to a positive start. With a place in the group stages up for grabs, Tuesday's match is sure to be a tense and hard-fought affair, with both teams desperate to claim victory and take a step closer to European glory.