article: (CNN) -- Tiger Woods has apologized after he was fined by the European Tour for spitting on the 12th green during the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic. The world number three endured a torrid Sunday and was caught on camera spitting near the hole after missing a par putt when playing with Sergio Garcia, from Spain. Woods has been fined an undisclosed amount after European Tour officials reviewed footage of the incident. The former world number one took to Twitter on Monday to express his remorse: "The Euro Tour is right -- it was inconsiderate to spit like that and I know better. Just wasn't thinking and want to say I'm sorry." Woods flops as Quiros aces his way to Dubai victory . He added: "Everyone was terrific all week, fans especially. Dubai is always a fantastic host. Just wish the week could have ended better." A spokesman for the European Tour told CNN: "The tournament director, Mike Stewart, feels there has been a Breach of the Tour Code of Conduct and consequently Tiger Woods will be fined." Woods went into the final round on Sunday just one shot off the lead but struck a three-over-par 75 to sink down the leaderboard. It was his worst round as a professional on a regular European Tour event and he finished in 20th place. He was visibly irritated as it became clear his 14-month title drought was set to continue and afterwards described his play as "very frustrating" on the European Tour's official website. "I got off to such a poor start -- I was two-over through three early and just couldn't make it up from there. "But there were quite a few positives this week. Also a couple of glaring examples of what I need to work on, which is good. I'll go to work next week." The tournament was eventually won by Spain's Alvaro Quiros, who carded a hole-in-one during his round of 68 to finish on 11-under. Woods' next appearance will be at the Accenture World Match Play Championship in Tuscon, Arizona. Meanwhile, D.A. Points recorded his first PGA Tour victory Sunday, taking the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am title alongside playing partner, actor Bill Murray. Points finished with a five-under-par round of 67 to finish on 15-under for the tournament -- two clear of Hunter Mahan.
highlights: Tiger Woods is fined by the European Tour for spitting during the Dubai Desert Classic . Woods spat near the hole on the 12th green after missing a par putt . Woods apologizes on Twitter saying he should have 'known better' World number three endured a torrid final round sinking from tied second to 20th place .
id: 67095b0ed7097274f5854636f6917fa877405f4e
chatgpt: Tiger Woods, former world number one golfer, has been fined an undisclosed amount of money by the European Tour for spitting on the 12th green during the Dubai Desert Classic. Woods, who had a disappointing final round, missed a par putt on the 12th green and visibly spat near the hole.  The incident was picked up by television cameras and subsequently reviewed by the European Tour. Woods was found to be in breach of the tour's code of conduct, which prohibits "disrespectful or abusive behaviour".  Following the announcement of the fine, Woods took to Twitter to apologize for his actions. "The Euro Tour is right - it was inconsiderate to spit like that and I know better. Just wasn't thinking and want to say I'm sorry," he tweeted.  Woods, who is currently ranked number three in the world, had a disappointing final round at the Dubai Desert Classic. He began the day in tied second place, but struggled on the course and eventually finished in 20th place.  The incident has divided opinion among fans and commentators. Some feel that Woods' actions were disrespectful and that he should have shown more self-control, given his status as a role model for younger players. Others have pointed out that spitting is common in golf and that Woods should not be singled out for criticism.  This is not the first time that Woods has been fined for his behaviour on the golf course. In 2019, he was fined $5000 by the PGA Tour for club-throwing during the Northern Trust tournament.  The incident has cast a shadow over what was otherwise an entertaining tournament. The Dubai Desert Classic is a popular event on the European Tour, attracting some of the biggest names in golf. The tournament was won by Paul Casey, who clinched victory with a birdie on the final hole.  As for Woods, it remains to be seen whether he will face any further disciplinary action from the European Tour. Some commentators have suggested that the incident could harm his chances of being selected for the upcoming Ryder Cup, which pits the best golfers from Europe against the best from the United States.  In any case, Woods' actions serve as a reminder of the importance of sportsmanship and respect on the golf course. While spitting may be common in the sport, it is clear that it is not acceptable behaviour, and that players should set a better example for younger fans.