article: A St Louis woman was dragged out of her car, attacked and threatened with murder because she is Bosnian, police claim. Officers called in the FBI to investigate the case as a hate crime five days after a Bosnian man was hammered to death nearby. Police said the victim, 26, was driving around a gang of black teenagers at 5.25 on Friday morning when one pulled a gun and ordered her to stop. Scroll down for video . Emotional: The 26-year-old victims parents said they fled the Bosnian war now fear targeted attacks in the city . One struck the windshield with a crowbar and another pulled her out the car. The gang, believed to be all-male, then went through her empty purse and threw her cell phone on the ground, St Louis Post Dispatch reported. They asked where she was from and she said she was European, she claims. 'You're a [expletive] liar,' one man allegedly shouted at the woman. 'You're Bosnian. I should just kill you now'. They then pushed her back to the ground and kicked her. She was found unconscious by passers-by but opted not to go to hospital. Killing: Police said that Zemir Begic was driving in Bevo Mill early Sunday morning when a group of juveniles surrounded his car and began banging on it, beating him when he stepped out of the vehicle . Scene of crime: Flowers at an impromptu memorial to Zemir Begic in South St Louis on Sunday . The reported encounter prompted St Louis police to call the FBI to investigate the case as a hate crime. It comes five days after Zemir Begic, 32, a South City resident of Bosnian descent, was driving home with his newlywed wife at around 1.15am when police say a group of teenagers approached his car and began vandalizing it. Begic emerged from his vehicle to try and stop them, at which point the teenagers allegedly attacked him with hammers, striking him in the head, face and abdomen. The motorist was taken to an area hospital, where he died from his injuries a short time later. His wife escaped unharmed after her husband reportedly shielded her from the attackers with his body. Suspect Robert Mitchell, 17, turned himself in Sunday night after two of his alleged accomplices, ages 15 and 16, were arrested by police, reported St Louis Post-Dispatch. The 17-year-old is being charged as an adult with first-degree murder and armed criminal action.
highlights: Gang in St Louis, Missouri, dragged Bosnian woman from car, said: 'You're Bosnian. I should just kill you now' It comes five days after Zemir Begic was hammered to death in the city . FBI called in to investigate the case as a hate crime .
id: 27bf3beca6830781f7f9e28519efe94c467fe487
chatgpt: St. Louis, Missouri – An alleged hate crime took place in St. Louis, Missouri, when a group of gang members dragged a Bosnian woman out of her car and threatened to kill her because of her nationality. The incident was reported just five days after the fatal hammer attack on Zemir Begic, another Bosnian man, in the same city. The woman, who has not been identified, was driving in the Bevo Mill neighborhood of St. Louis when her car was stopped by a group of teenagers who surrounded it. According to police, the group started smashing the vehicle's windows and trying to force their way inside. They then dragged her out of the car and threatened to kill her while shouting racial slurs. The victim managed to escape and call the police, who launched an investigation into the incident as a hate crime. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has also been called in to help with the case. The attack has caused outrage and fear in the Bosnian community in St. Louis, which has a large presence in the Bevo Mill neighborhood. Many have voiced concerns about the rising anti-immigrant sentiment in the area. The incident follows the murder of Zemir Begic, who was beaten to death by a group of men with hammers just a few blocks away from where the latest attack took place. The suspects in that case have been charged with murder and are currently being held without bail. The Bosnian community in St. Louis has been vocal about their desire for justice in both cases, with some calling for more protection from law enforcement. Many have also taken to social media to express their anger and frustration over the attacks and to demand an end to hate crimes. St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson has condemned the attacks, saying that they "have no place in our city or society." She has also pledged to work with the Bosnian community and law enforcement to ensure that justice is served. The incident has also garnered attention from national and international media, bringing attention to the problem of hate crimes against minorities in the United States. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, there has been a significant rise in hate crimes in recent years, with immigrants and people of color being the most frequently targeted. As investigations continue and outrage grows, many are hoping that justice will be served in both cases and that measures will be taken to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.