article: By . John Hall . PUBLISHED: . 06:48 EST, 6 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:23 EST, 6 January 2014 . A would-be Spiderman had to be pulled to safety after climbing 150ft up the outside a block of flats in order to ‘party’ on the roof. Wesley Coulding, 36, became stuck for around two hours at the 12th floor of the disused tower block in Hattersley, Greater Manchester after climbing from the ground floor using air conditioning units. It is thought he had drunk a significant amount of alcohol before scaling the building early on Sunday morning, and he has since been detained under the Mental Health Act. Rescue: Wesley Coulding was lifted to safety by firefighters after becoming stuck while scaling the outside of a disused tower block in Manchester. His sister said her brother had 'wanted to party on the roof' Mr Coulding reportedly told fire crews who came to his aid: ‘I was high and wanted to get higher’, adding that he was cold and that at no time had he intended on jumping from the ledge. His sister Kelly, who lives nearby, told reporters that her brother had scaled the building because ‘he wanted to party on the roof’. Witnesses looked on in horror, many of them in tears, as Mr Coulding became stuck on a ledge at around the 12th floor of the disused tower Tameside Court tower block on Hattersley Road East at around 9.30am on Sunday morning. Trapped: Wesley Coulding used air conditioning units on the outside of the building to climb to the 12th floor. He told rescuers he 'was high and wanted to get higher'. It wasn’t until two hours later that . firefighters from the local Technical Rescue Unit were able to set up a . rope system on the roof of the building and pull Mr Coulding to safety. Mr Coulding was taken to Tameside General Hospital by ambulance for check-ups after being lowered to safety. A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police confirmed the incident had taken place but added that no action was being taken against Mr Coulding.
highlights: Wesley Coulding, 36, climbed to the 12th floor of a disused tower block . He used air conditioning units to help his ascent but became stuck at 150ft . Mr Coulding 'drunk significant amount of alcohol' before scaling building . His sister Kelly told reporters her brother had 'wanted to party on the roof'
id: 9e2f261cd1411c38b88901daf7f4be2c350ec0f9
chatgpt: In the early hours of this morning, emergency services were called to a disused tower block in the heart of the city after reports of a man stuck at a height of 150ft. Wesley Coulding, 36, had attempted to climb to the 12th floor of the building using air conditioning units to help his ascent. However, he became stuck and was unable to move any further. According to reports, Mr. Coulding had consumed a significant amount of alcohol before attempting to scale the building. His sister, Kelly, spoke to reporters and said that her brother had been drinking with friends and had expressed a desire to party on the roof of the tower block. Emergency services arrived at the scene and immediately began to assess the situation. The operation to rescue Mr. Coulding was complicated due to the height at which he was stuck and the precarious nature of his position. After an intense rescue operation lasting several hours, Mr. Coulding was brought down to safety. Despite suffering from mild hypothermia and other minor injuries, he was said to be in good spirits and relieved to be back on solid ground. This incident has once again highlighted the dangers associated with excessive alcohol consumption and reckless behavior. Climbing a disused tower block is extremely risky and can cause serious injury or death. Emergency services have urged the public to remain vigilant and to report any similar incidents as soon as possible. The authorities are also investigating the incident to determine whether any criminal charges will be brought against Mr. Coulding. Climbing buildings without proper safety equipment is illegal and can result in a prison sentence or hefty fines. In conclusion, this incident serves as a warning to others. Drinking alcohol and attempting to climb buildings is a dangerous and foolish activity that can have serious consequences. It is vital that people exercise caution and responsibility to avoid putting themselves and others in harm's way.