article: Conman Matthew Dobson, 25, (above) stole £28,000 worth of art from the Driftwood Gallery in Cornwall, including works by shamed sex offender Rolf Harris . A gallery worker has been jailed for stealing £28,000 worth of art from his employers including a book of paintings by Rolf Harris - which is now worthless. Conman Matthew Dobson, 25, stole cash and goods from the Driftwood Gallery in Falmouth, Cornwall, at the end of 2012 and beginning of 2013, before Harris was publicly shamed as a sex abuser who took advantage of young girls. The haul included Harris's book of paintings, A Portrait of London, worth £225 at the time, Truro Crown Court heard. Dobson also diverted the gallery's money into his own accounts and wrote fake invoices before bosses spotted him trying to sell the stolen art on eBay and reported him to the police. The court heard how Dobson had already served a 16-month jail sentence for swindling £34,000 from his previous employer. When he left prison he needed to raise £8,000 to repay his debts and decided target his new workplace. Terry Eastwood, defending, said: 'He decided, very unwisely, that he would steal from his employer again. He didn't stop however at £8,000.' Dobson's haul also included five works by leading Welsh artist Kerry Darlington. He pleaded guilty to 17 charges of theft and fraud between 2012 and 2013 and asked for 37 more to be taken into consideration. Recorder Jeremy Wright jailed him for two years and ordered him to pay a £120 victim surcharge. Experts say that Harris's artworks - which once fetched up to £70,000 each - are now worthless because of his crimes. He was jailed for five years and nine months for using his celebrity status to grope and abuse young women and girls over a 40-year period. In 2005 the former TV presenter had the rare privilege of painting a portrait of the Queen to mark her 80th birthday. After being unveiled in December that year, the portrait, which took Harris two months to complete, initially went on display at the Queen's Gallery in Buckingham Palace. Dobson, (left) stole Harris's book of paintings, A Portrait of London, which was worth £225 at the time - the work of the jailed sex offender (right) is now thought to be worthless . The whereabouts of the painting is currently unknown. Around the time of his July conviction, a woman spoke of how a £28,000 Harris painting she bought had lost 90 per cent of its value. Sara Gardiner, 35, invested her life savings in Horses At The Lights months before he was arrested, The Sun reported. She said at the time: 'I'm sick that I bought the work of such an evil man and gutted that it's now not going to be worth the canvas it's painted on.'
highlights: Conman Matthew Dobson stole cash and paintings before Harris's arrest . Haul included shamed entertainer's book of paintings, A Portrait of London . After Harris's conviction for numerous sex crimes, artwork fell 90% in value . Dobson also faked invoices while working at Driftwood Gallery in Cornwall . He was jailed for two years after admitting to 17 charges of theft and fraud .
id: 9cc0b54357a170d970025f318514087f32a97dc8
chatgpt: A conman named Matthew Dobson stole several pieces of artwork and cash before the arrest of shamed entertainer Rolf Harris. Among the stolen items was a book of paintings titled "A Portrait of London," which belonged to Harris. Following Harris's conviction for sex crimes, the value of the artwork fell 90%. This was a significant blow for Dobson, who had hoped to make a profit off the stolen goods. The haul also included several other paintings and a significant sum of cash. Dobson's crimes did not stop at stealing artwork and money. While working at Driftwood Gallery in Cornwall, he faked invoices and scammed customers out of thousands of pounds. He managed to get away with the crimes until his arrest, which saw him admit to 17 charges of theft and fraud. The consequences of Dobson's actions were severe. Not only did he ruin his own reputation and face jail time, but he also caused significant damage to the reputation of the art world. The financial loss suffered by those who invested in Harris's artwork was a direct result of Dobson's greed. Following Dobson's conviction and sentencing to jail for two years, the art community and the public breathed a sigh of relief. Dobson's actions were a stark reminder that greed and selfishness could cause significant harm to others. However, the damage had already been done, and the victims of Dobson's crimes were left to pick up the pieces. In response to the scandal, the art world began to stress the importance of investing in reputable artists and galleries. The industry needed to make a conscious effort to protect buyers and sellers from dishonest individuals like Dobson. By doing so, it could rebuild its reputation and regain the trust of investors. Overall, the case of Matthew Dobson highlights the importance of honesty and integrity in the art world. His crimes may have been lucrative in the short term, but they ultimately ruined his reputation and caused significant harm to others. As for Harris's artwork, the damage had already been done, and the value may never fully recover.