article: (CNN) -- A Marine lost at sea after bailing out of a MV-22 Osprey when it appeared it might crash in the Persian Gulf is believed to be the first American military casualty in support of U.S. operations against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. Cpl. Jordan L. Spears, 21, was declared dead after search and rescue efforts to locate him were unsuccessful, U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said in a statement released Saturday. Asked how Spears death will be classified, Pentagon spokesman Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters the question was still being decided. "Clearly, that squadron and that ship were in the Gulf, supporting Central Command operations. Some of those operations included operations in Iraq and Syria, at least tangentially, through at least some tangential way, support to those missions," Kirby said, according to a transcript. "So there's no question that -- that this Marine's death is related to the operations that are going on, in some form or fashion." Even so, he said he did not know whether the Marine's death would be formally classified as such. The branch of service typically determines how a service member's death is classified. The military has not detailed the Osprey's mission at the time of the incident, which remains under investigation. The Osprey, a tilt-rotor aircraft, was deployed as part of the Makin Island Amphibious Ready Group "supporting operations in Iraq and Syria and throughout the region," the statement said. Spears, a crew chief, went missing Wednesday when the Osprey lost power shortly after takeoff from the USS Makin Island and dropped toward the water, according to the Navy. Spears and another crew member went into the water when it appeared the Osprey was about to crash, the Navy said. The pilots managed to get control of the Osprey and land it safely, according to the statement. Search and rescue crews found one crew member in the water, but were unable to locate Spears of Memphis, Indiana, it said. "U.S. forces in the North Persian Gulf suspended a search and rescue operation for Spears Oct. 2, after efforts to locate him were unsuccessful," according to the statement. Spears was assigned to Marine Tiltrotor Squadron 163, Aircraft Group 16, 3rd Aircraft Wing with the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California.
highlights: Marine Cpl. Jordan L. Spears, 21, went missing on Wednesday . "So there's no question" Marine's death related to ISIS operations, Kirby says . Spears has been declared dead by the Navy after rescue efforts failed . His death has not yet been classified, Kirby says .
id: d6498b377ccce30644c394a6518f8b9dbdb8580a
chatgpt: Marine Cpl. Jordan L. Spears, a 21-year-old serving in the US military, has been declared dead by the Navy after an extensive search and rescue operation failed to find him. Spears vanished on Wednesday while on duty in Iraq, raising concerns about his safety and the nature of his disappearance. There is no doubt that Spears' death is related to ISIS operations, said John Kirby, the Pentagon's press secretary. Kirby emphasized that the Marines were operating in a volatile and dangerous area, and that troop safety and security was of the utmost importance. He also offered his condolences to Spears' family and friends, saying that their sacrifice would never be forgotten. Spears' death has not yet been classified, Kirby said. The investigation into his disappearance and subsequent death is ongoing, and officials are working to gather information about what happened. The US military has vowed to leave no stone unturned in its efforts to uncover the truth and bring anyone involved in the death of a US Marine to justice. The loss of Cpl. Spears is a tragic reminder of the high stakes and risks involved in military operations in the Middle East. The US military has been involved in the fight against ISIS for several years, and the battle shows no signs of ending soon. Spears is the latest American service member to die in the conflict, and his death underscores the challenges that the military faces in ensuring the safety of its personnel in a dangerous and unpredictable environment. For Spears' family and friends, the news of his death is heart-wrenching. He was a dedicated and respected member of the military, and his loss will be felt deeply by those who knew him. The Navy is offering support to his loved ones during this difficult time, and his memory will be honored and respected by all who knew him. The US military will continue to do all that it can to protect its members and ensure their safety in the face of threats from ISIS and other terrorist groups. The loss of Cpl. Spears is a tragedy, but it will not deter the country from fighting for peace and stability in the region. The memory of those who have given their lives in this cause will be honored, and their sacrifice will never be forgotten.