article: One student in a dog agility class is drawing a lot of attention, and not just for her athletic skills. Amy Trotter is a pig. Amid the barking of corgis, collies and Labradors, visitors at the Family Dog Training Center in Kent, Washington, will sometimes hear a snort. And before they know it Amy comes trotting along, jumping through the hoop, balancing on the teeter-totter, retrieving the dumbbell and zipping through the play tunnel. Scroll down for video . Coming through: One student in a dog agility class is drawing a lot of attention, and not just for her athletic skills. Amy is a pig . Causing commotion: Amid the barking of corgis, collies and Labradors, visitors at the Family Dog Training Center in Kent, Washington, will sometimes hear a snort . Lori Stock, Amy's owner, already had  five dogs and two rats but she wanted a new animal to train. She says the porker is a quick learner and very motivated by food rewards. 'She is the smartest dog I've ever trained,' Stock told KOMO News. 'She is quite eager to participate in class and do the homework outside of class.' Five-month-old Amy has already graduated from a puppy manners course on to agility and obedience classes. Training center president Kathy Lang says it's not the first non-dog she has seen on site. A few years ago a pygmy goat attended several classes. Amy appears to have settled in well, although she did get some funny looks from her classmates at first. 'The first time [my dog] saw and heard Amy, she kind of looked at me, and looked back at Amy like, "what kind of dog is that,"' said Paula Kurtz. Amy will demonstrate her new skills during the Seattle Kennel Club dog show next month. She and some of her classmates are also set to perform a 'freestyle musical dance'. She'd better remember not to hog the limelight. Go fetch! Lori Stock, Amy's owner, used to keep to keep dogs in the past but she wanted a new animal to train . Sniffing out treats: She says the porker is a quick learner and very motivated by food rewards . You lookin' at me? Five-month-old Amy has already graduated from a puppy manners course on to agility and obedience classes . Ready for action: Amy will demonstrate her new skills during the Seattle Kennel Club dog show next month . Time to shine: She and some of her classmates are also set to perform a 'freestyle musical dance' - She'd better remember not to hog the limelight .
highlights: The porker is attending classes at the Family Dog Training Center in Kent, Washington . Her owner Lori Stock, used to own dogs but wanted a new animal to train . She says Amy is a quick learner and very motivated by treats . The pig will demonstrated her skills at the Seattle Kennel Club dog show next month .
id: 9fd27822a4e1f01c7e2ee538c28a9646ce067165
chatgpt: In a bizarre twist of events, a pig is now attending obedience classes at the Family Dog Training Center located in Kent, Washington. The porker, lovingly named Amy, is owned by Lori Stock, who previously owned dogs but wanted a new challenge in training an unconventional pet. Amy has proved to be a quick learner and a good student, always motivated by the promise of treats. Stock believes that with the proper training and enough motivation, any animal can be trained. "Amy is like any other animal, she just needs consistency and patience," she said. "She's constantly trying to please me, and that makes her a fantastic pupil." Amy is not only attending classes for fun - she has an important showcase coming up. Next month, the Seattle Kennel Club is hosting a dog show, and Amy is set to perform her newly acquired obedience skills in front of a live audience. According to Stock, the pig's performance will include basic commands like sitting, staying, and rolling over. While some may find it odd to train pigs like dogs, the practice of training non-canine animals for obedience competitions and events is becoming increasingly popular. From goats and cats to horses and parrots, people are discovering that with patience, repetition, and positive reinforcement, nearly any animal can acquire new skills. Of course, not everyone is completely on board with the idea of pigs attending dog training classes. Some believe that it's unfair to the other canine students, who may find interacting with a pig to be a confusing and distracting experience. However, Stock is confident that with careful handling and preparation, Amy will be able to hold her own in the competitive world of dog obedience. She believes that the pig's presence at the Seattle Kennel Club show will not only add a touch of novelty to the event, but also serve as evidence of the remarkable intelligence and versatility of pigs. With the spotlight on her, Amy is sure to hog the limelight next month, dazzling spectators with her obedience and cleverness. Whether she wins any prizes or not, she's already a star in the eyes of her owner and the rest of the training class. Only time will tell if more people will follow in Stock's footsteps and start training non-canine animals for these events - perhaps we'll even see an entire team of pigs competing at the next Olympics!