article: Everton defender Bryan Oviedo is ready to make his return from an horrific double leg break in Tuesday's Capital One Cup tie at Swansea. The Costa Rica international suffered the injury against Stevenage in an FA Cup fourth round game in January and was forced to miss the World Cup. Everton boss Roberto Martinez said: 'The really good news is that Bryan Oviedo is in the squad for the first time since breaking his leg.' Everton defender Bryan Oviedo trains at Finch Farm, Liverpool last week ahead of his return to action . Striker Aroune Kone could also play at the Liberty Stadium following an 11-month layoff with a knee injury, but Seamus Coleman and Steven Pienaar are definitely out. Everton are looking to bounce back from Sunday's 3-2 home Barclays Premier League defeat to Crystal Palace. The result means that, ahead of Saturday's derby trip to Liverpool, the Toffees have conceded 13 goals in the opening five games of their league campaign, the worst defensive record in the division. But Martinez insists there is no problem with his players' attitude towards defending. 'We had two very good performances defensively (a 4-1 Europa League home victory over Wolfsburg and 2-0 Premier League win at West Brom) previous to that (the Palace match), so it is not that there is a problem that has been developing,' Martinez said. Oviedo suffered a double leg break in January but is now ready to return against Swansea on Tuesday . 'I do think that the performance and clean sheet against West Brom brought our defensive intensity back to our play. 'I think it was back against Wolfsburg as well, and yesterday was just a bit different. 'Unfortunately we made a couple of bad decisions and errors which cost us goals. But I don't think it's the case of a lack of a defensive attitude of the team. 'It was a very rare game. The spooky side of it was that we replicated against Crystal Palace the performance we had in April, with the same scoreline. But we will learn from it.' Everton manager Roberto Martinez (left) watches on as his side lose 3-2 to Crystal Palace . Martinez once again dismissed the idea that his side had any kind of Europa League hangover following their clash with Wolfsburg on Thursday. He said: 'No, it wasn't that. If it had been that we couldn't find our rhythm or our normal way of playing because we were tired or didn't have the energy, I would say that was down to the fact we played an extra game on Thursday. 'But that wasn't the case at all - if anything, it was the opposite. If you watched the first 15 or 20 minutes, we were the ones with the real intent on the ball. We looked fresh and were penetrating. 'All in all, I felt the players who came in were ready.'
highlights: Bryan Oviedo is back in the Everton squad for Tuesday's Capital One Cup match away to Swansea . The Costa Rica defender missed the World Cup after suffering a double leg break in January . Arouna Kone could also play following an 11-month layoff with a knee injury .
id: 969e6402d1c394f3fa0f25c283ed366f72dc03d1
chatgpt: Everton fans have been given a double boost after the news that Bryan Oviedo and Arouna Kone could feature in Tuesday's Capital One Cup match against Swansea. Oviedo, who missed out on Costa Rica's World Cup campaign after suffering a double leg break in January, returned to training with the Toffees two weeks ago and has now been included in the squad for the trip to Swansea. The 24-year-old defender will be keen to make up for lost time after spending eight months on the sidelines, but manager Roberto Martinez has warned that he will not rush Oviedo back into action. "We have to be patient with Bryan because he has been out for a long time," said Martinez. "But he's worked really hard to get back to this level and we're delighted to have him available again." Oviedo was one of Everton's most consistent performers last season, scoring three goals in 21 appearances before his injury setback. Meanwhile, Kone could make his long-awaited comeback against Swansea after 11 months on the sidelines with a knee injury. The Ivorian forward, who joined Everton from Wigan Athletic last year, suffered the injury in the same game that Oviedo broke his leg. Kone underwent surgery and has spent the last year battling back to fitness, but Martinez says he is now ready to play a part for the Toffees. "Arouna is in the same situation as Bryan in that he's been out for a long time, but he's trained really well and he's ready to play if needed," said Martinez. Despite their injury problems, Everton have made a solid start to the season, winning three out of their first six Premier League matches and drawing the other three. But Martinez knows that their trip to Swansea will be a tough test, with the Welsh side unbeaten in their last five matches in all competitions. "Swansea are a very good team and it's always difficult to play against them," he said. "But we're confident that we can go there and put on a good performance." The Capital One Cup has taken on extra importance for Everton this season, with the Toffees looking to end their 20-year trophy drought. Martinez's men reached the semi-finals of the competition last year before losing to Manchester City, and the Everton boss will be hoping that Oviedo and Kone can play a big part in this season's campaign. The Toffees face a tough run of fixtures over the next few weeks, with matches against Liverpool, Manchester United and Arsenal coming up, but the return of two key players will be a major boost for Martinez and his squad.