article: Sam Burgess will make his first start in an England shirt when he lines up for the Saxons against Ireland Wolfhounds on Friday night. The former rugby league superstar switched codes to join Bath in October and just three months on he'll wear the No 12 shirt for Jon Callard's England second-string in Cork. Burgess will be joined in midfield by Wasps' Elliot Daly and starts outside Exeter's promising young fly-half Henry Slade. Sam Burgess poses in his England shirt as he prepares to make his debut for the Saxons . Burgess prepares for England Saxons training in Teddington, Surrey earlier this week . Burgess joined Bath from Australian rugby league side South Sydney Rabbitohs . Pennell (Worcester); Ashton (Saracens), Daly (Wasps), Burgess (Bath), Yarde (Harlequins); Slade (Exeter), Dickson (Northampton, capt); Mullan (Wasps), Webber (Bath), Thomas (Bath); Garvey (Bath), Gaskell (Wasps); Ewers (Exeter), Waldrom (Exeter), Kvesic (Gloucester). Subs: Cowan-Dickie (Exeter), Waller (Northampton), Cooper-Woolley (Wasps), Itoje (Saracens), Fearns (Bath); Simpson (Wasps), Devoto (Bath), Wade (Wasps) The Saxons will be captained by Northampton scrum-half Lee Dickson, who is one of nine full internationals in the starting XV, with a further two on the bench. Saxons head coach Callard said: 'I've watched Sam from afar in how he's evolving in the game, he's an impressive character,' said Callard of Burgess, who only joined Bath in late October. 'We're all excited for Sam, but we're taking it very, very calmly. 'There's plenty of time for him to develop. 'There's huge expectation obviously, but it's an opportunity to test the waters at this level, see where he is, then reassess and put another plan together. 'He's certainly capable of playing international rugby: we'll know a little more after Friday night. 'He won't be fazed by it, none of these guys are fazed by it.' Burgess, 26, will be hoping to force his way in to head coach Stuart Lancaster's England training squad announced in May ahead of the World Cup in September. The Yorkshireman, seen here chatting with Saxons captain Lee Dickson, will start at inside centre .
highlights: England Saxons take on Ireland Wolfhounds in Cork on Friday night . Rugby league convert Sam Burgess named in Saxons XV . Jon Callard names nine full England internationals to start .
id: 7220328fb943395391974b0343f9b80ebbb87648
chatgpt: On Friday night, the England Saxons will square off against the Ireland Wolfhounds in Cork in what promises to be an intriguing rugby matchup. The Saxons, who have named a strong team for the encounter, will be hoping to continue their recent impressive form.  One notable inclusion in the Saxons lineup is Sam Burgess, the rugby league convert who has been making waves in union over the past year. Burgess has been named in the starting XV, and his presence is sure to add an extra dimension to the Saxons' attacking play.  In addition to Burgess, Saxons coach Jon Callard has also named a number of other experienced campaigners in his starting team. Among them are nine full England internationals, including Christian Wade, Alex Goode, and Matt Kvesic.  The Wolfhounds, by contrast, have named a relatively inexperienced side for the clash. However, they will be looking to make a statement against their more fancied opponents and prove that they are a team to be reckoned with.  Both sides have been training hard in the lead-up to the game, and there is a sense of anticipation in the air among fans and players alike. The Saxon's recent good form, combined with their strong lineup, makes them the bookmakers' favourites for the match. However, as any rugby fan knows, anything can happen on the night, and the Wolfhounds will be determined to cause an upset.  The game promises to be a bruising encounter, with both teams expected to play an expansive, attacking brand of rugby. The Saxons will be hoping to continue their recent run of good form, while the Wolfhounds will be out to prove that they can mix it with the best.  Whatever the outcome, rugby fans can expect an exciting, hard-fought game between two evenly matched teams. The action kicks off at 8pm local time at the Irish Independent Park in Cork, and fans around the world will be tuning in to see which team comes out on top.