article: (CNN) -- Last year's world champion Lewis Hamilton has claimed pole position for Sunday's inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix while his successor as Formula One's top driver, Jenson Button, qualified fifth. Hamilton will be looking to end a disappointing year for McLaren with victory in the season finale at the new Yas Marina circuit, but even with a win can do no better than hold onto his fifth overall placing in F1's first day-night event. The 24-year-old will start a race from the front of the grid for the 17th time in his career, and the fourth in the last seven races, after setting the fastest time in all three sessions. He clocked a best lap of one minute 40.948 seconds as the sun set on Saturday evening to head off the Red Bull duo of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber. Vettel, whose bid to prevent Button clinching the world title ended last time out in Brazil, timed 1:41.615 while Webber recorded 1:41.726. "The car is the best it has been all year. It was a smooth lap, and it just kept getting better and better," Hamilton told reporters. "The place is just stunning. They all said it would be a great event, but it's mind-blowing. It's a great place to come to, a great country. The weather has been great and the people are so respectful and so welcoming. I hope we can put on a great show tomorrow." Button's bid to ensure the first all-British front row since 1995 came to nothing as he was out-qualified by teammate Rubens Barrichello for the 10th time this season. The Brazilian is expected to be making his final race outing for world champions Brawn, who are expected to sign Nico Rosberg from Williams. The German, who announced during the week that he will be leaving the British team, qualified ninth as Toyota's Jarno Trulli and BMW Sauber duo Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld took sixth, seventh and eighth places. Kimi Raikkonen, who will be making his final race appearance for Ferrari, finished outside the top-10 for only the third time this season, and will start in 11th behind Toro Rosso's Sebastien Buemi. Heikki Kovalainen's chances of keeping his drive with McLaren took a blow as he finished 15th after suffering gearbox problems. The Finn, fastest in Friday's practice sessions, was just ahead of two-time world champion Fernando Alonso, who along with Renault teammate Romain Grosjean failed to make it beyond the opening 20-minute session. Alonso, at least, can look forward to joining Ferrari as Raikkonen's replacement, but Frenchman Grosjean faces an uncertain future as he has failed to take his chance since taking over from the sacked Nelson Piquet Jr. Former world champions Ferrari will prop up the grid as veteran Giancarlo Fisichella again struggled ahead of what could be the final race of his career as he will be the team's reserve driver next year when the injured Felipe Massa returns.
highlights: Last year's world champion Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . His successor Jenson Button qualifies fifth behind Brawn teammate Rubens Barrichello . Red Bull duo Sebastien Vettel and Mark Webber second and third for F1's first day-night race . Button has an unassailable lead going into the final race of the 2009 season .
id: fba169943fba1da200cb0817039928c524c120fa
chatgpt: Last year's Formula One world champion, Lewis Hamilton, claimed pole position for the inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Saturday, edging out his rivals in a fiercely competitive qualifying session. The British driver, who has been in terrific form of late, produced a scintillating lap time of 1 minute, 39.2 seconds to beat Red Bull duo Sebastien Vettel and Mark Webber, who qualified in second and third place respectively. Despite securing pole position, Hamilton is likely to face stiff competition in Sunday's race from his fellow drivers, particularly his own McLaren teammate, Jenson Button. The Brawn GP driver, who has already secured the 2009 Championship, qualified in fifth place, just behind his teammate Rubens Barrichello, and will be eager to pick up his first win in six races. Vettel and Webber, meanwhile, will be looking to build on their impressive qualifying results as they seek to secure a one-two finish for Red Bull. The team has been in fantastic form over the past few weeks, and both drivers will be confident of delivering a strong performance in F1's first ever day-night race. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix promises to be a thrilling end to what has been a memorable season of Formula One racing. While Button has an unassailable lead going into the final race, the battle for second place is still open, with three drivers - Mark Webber, Rubens Barrichello and Sebastian Vettel - fighting for the runner-up position. Hamilton, who won the championship last year, has had a difficult season, especially compared to Button's dominance. However, the young Briton is a gifted driver and he is sure to give Button a tough fight on Sunday. Speaking after securing pole position, Hamilton said he was delighted with his performance, but warned that the race would be tough. "The car felt really good out there today, and I was able to push hard and find some really fast lap times," he said. "But the race is a different story altogether, and I know I'll have to be at my very best to win here tomorrow." With Button already crowned champion, the focus will be on the other drivers as they seek to end the season on a high note. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix is the last race of the year, and there is plenty at stake as the drivers seek to finish the season in style. For Hamilton, a victory in Abu Dhabi would represent a fitting end to what has been, for him at least, a somewhat disappointing season. He will be looking to prove his critics wrong and deliver a performance that reminds everyone of his tremendous talent. As for Button, the Briton will be looking to cap an extraordinary season with a strong showing in Abu Dhabi. He has been the best driver on the circuit this year, and he will be eager to cap off an unforgettable year with his sixth win of the season. All eyes will be on the Yas Marina Circuit on Sunday as the drivers line up for the first ever Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. With so much at stake, the race promises to be an unforgettable event, packed with thrills and spills as the season draws to a close.