article: (CNN) -- On Thursday, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced the Defense Department would lift the ban on women serving in combat, marking another significant milestone for equality in our nation. Taking this critical step forward to include women in combat strengthens our military by reducing the burden of the disproportionate number of soldiers who are making sacrifices. I sincerely hope that this will spark a national debate about who is fighting our wars and whether all of America can say that we're sharing the sacrifice. Since January 2003, at the height of the debate on the possible unilateral strike against Iraq, I have advocated for a reinstatement of the military draft to ensure a more equitable representation of people making sacrifices in wars in which the United States is engaged. In the past decade, more than 2 million soldiers have served in Iraq and Afghanistan. The Iraq war took more than 4,422 lives and wounded some 32,000 in nine years; to date, 2,168 American soldiers have died and 18,215 have been wounded in Afghanistan. Opinion: Women in combat a dangerous experiment . Currently the burden of defending our nation is carried by less than 1% of the American population. The 2.2 million members of the armed forces in active duty, the National Guard and the Reserve have become a virtual military class that makes the ultimate sacrifice of laying down life and limb for our country. As a result of high combat exposure, combined with multiple deployments, we have seen unprecedented incidences of veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury and veterans committing suicide. Since we replaced the compulsory military draft with an all-volunteer force in 1973, our nation has been making decisions about wars without worry over who fights them. I sincerely believe that reinstating the draft would compel the American public to have a stake in the wars we fight as a nation. That is why I wrote the Universal National Service Act, known as the "draft" bill, which requires all men and women between ages 18 and 25 to give two years of service in any capacity that promotes our national defense. Opinion: Will infantry men accept women as peers? I commend President Barack Obama for allowing women and members of the LGBT community to serve our country. I was pleased to hear in the inaugural speech on Monday of his commitment to ending a decade of war and to using diplomacy as a means to promote peace in the world. Inevitably, however, as in the past, there will be times in the future when America will be faced with the question of whether we need to place thousands of our young men and women in harm's way. When that time comes, I hope all of America will be forced to stop and think twice about it. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep. Charles B. Rangel .
highlights: Charles Rangel: Allowing women in combat is a critical advance that bolsters military . He says for real equality, the U.S. should reinstate the draft for shared sacrifice in U.S. wars . He says less than 1% are in U.S. service. We choose war without worry over who fights . Rangel: With draft, America would be forced to think twice about involvement in wars .
id: 37f99231a92c6060d3aab5d9270a2f0d32432db7
chatgpt: Former U.S. Representative Charles Rangel has spoken out in support of allowing women to serve in combat roles in the military. In an interview on Sunday, he called it a "critical advance" that would bolster the military and provide a pathway to greater gender equality. Rangel has long been an advocate for a more equitable draft system, arguing that the current system disproportionately affects young people from lower-income families. He has suggested that reinstating the draft could help to create a sense of shared sacrifice in U.S. wars, and force the country to think more carefully about its involvement in conflicts. "Less than 1% of the population is currently in the U.S. service," Rangel said in the interview. "We choose war without worry over who fights. But if we had a draft, if every family had skin in the game, I think we'd be more inclined to think twice about going to war." Rangel seems to suggest that part of the problem with U.S. wars is that too few people are directly impacted by them. With the draft, he says, the country would be forced to confront the reality of military service and the true costs of war. This, in turn, might lead to a more cautious approach to military intervention. "It's one thing to ask other people's children to fight," he said. "It's another thing to ask your own children to fight." The idea of reinstating the draft is, of course, controversial. Many Americans are wary of such a system, which they see as emblematic of an era of U.S. history marked by unpopular and divisive wars. But Rangel argues that a more equitable draft system would help to address some of the issues that plague the current all-volunteer military, such as a lack of diversity and a lack of representation from lower-income families. "We need to make sure that everyone has a chance to serve their country, regardless of their background," he said. "We can't have an army that's made up of only one segment of society." In the interview, Rangel also touched on the role of women in the military. While he supports their inclusion in combat roles, he acknowledged that there are still issues that need to be addressed, such as sexual harassment and assault. "Women should be able to serve in any capacity they're qualified for," he said. "But we have to make sure we're providing them with the support and protections they need." Rangel's positions on the draft and women in combat are part of a broader vision for a more equitable and just military. While his ideas may be controversial, they are also a reminder of the ongoing need for dialogue and debate about the role of the military in American society.