article: New York (CNN) -- The stage musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" will have new safety protocols when it reopens Wednesday night, following an accident in which a performer fell and suffered serious injuries during a preview, officials said. Christopher Tierney, 31, is listed in serious condition, said Bellevue Hospital spokesman Steven Bohlen. Jonathan Dealwis, a tourist from New Zealand who was in the audience, said Tierney fell "about 6 meters," or about 20 feet, Monday night. Reeve Carney is the actor who plays Spider-Man, but nine people perform Spider-Man's stunts when the character is masked, according to show spokesman Jaron Caldwell. Dealwis said the accident happened near the end of the show. "Spider-Man was on a bridge, and Mary Jane was dangling from it," Dealwis said. "I think he was meant to sort of swoop over there, but he just fell off. ... The harness, you could see it just flick off his back and fly backward." Afterward, Dealwis said, "it just went black, and the producer came on and said we're going to pause for a moment. You could hear Mary Jane weeping." A producer then came out and said the show was over, Dealwis said. Some people "clapped awkwardly," and one girl "laughed mockingly," drawing "disapproving glances" from others. Dealwis said the performer was wheeled away in a neck brace and was alert when he was taken to Bellevue Hospital. Rick Miramontez, another spokesman for the show, issued a statement confirming that the performer fell from a platform and the show was stopped. "All signs were good as he was taken to the hospital for observation," said Miramontez. Wednesday's matinee performance was postponed after the incident, Miramontez said, but all subsequent performances will proceed as scheduled. The Spider-Man company met Tuesday with officials from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Actors Equity and the New York State Department of Labor to discuss additional safety protocols, he said. The new unspecified measures will be enacted immediately, he added. Show director Julie Taymor said the accident was "obviously heartbreaking for our entire team and, of course, to me personally." "I am so thankful that Chris is going to be all right and is in great spirits," Taymor said in a statement Tuesday. "Nothing is more important than the safety of our Spider-Man family and we'll continue to do everything in our power to protect the cast and crew." The show, with music and lyrics by U2's Bono and The Edge, is the most expensive in Broadway history, but production has been beset by cast injuries and technical problems. CNN's John Roberts, Ethel Bass and Logan Burruss contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: Show's director calls incident "heartbreaking" Wednesday's matinee performance has been postponed, a spokesman says . 31-year-old Christopher Tierney is listed in serious condition . The New York Fire Department says the man fell 20 to 30 feet .
id: 13c2120556b0db25c9e2250b1605c670e3e75906
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a performer fell nearly 30 feet during a high-flying stunt on Tuesday night during a performance of Broadway's "Spider-Man: Turn off the Dark." The show's director, Julie Taymor, called the incident "heartbreaking" and said the safety of the cast and crew was always paramount. The performer, identified as 31-year-old Christopher Tierney, was rushed to the hospital after falling during the final moments of the show. Tierney was reportedly in serious condition as of Wednesday morning, according to a spokesperson for the hospital. The New York Fire Department said Tierney fell 20 to 30 feet and landed on a ramp beneath the stage. Emergency personnel used a harness to lift him to safety, as cast members and fellow performers crowded around to offer support. A statement from the show's production company, 8 Legged Productions, confirmed that the Wednesday matinee performance would be postponed, but did not specify whether future shows would be affected. "Tonight's performance of Spider-Man: Turn off the Dark has been postponed due to an incident at the show's final dress rehearsal today where a performer was injured," the statement read. "The performer is now at the hospital and undergoing medical treatment. We are aware of how it happened, and we are taking care of all cast and crew members. Further information will be made available tomorrow." The show, which set a record for the highest box-office gross in Broadway history during its first week of previews, has run into numerous problems during previews and rehearsals. Critics have called the production a "cursed" project, with unusually high costs and multiple injuries to performers. The incident marks the latest setback for the troubled production, which has been beset by delays, budget overruns, and numerous accidents. In addition to Tierney's fall, a performer was injured during a preview performance in December, and several others have suffered minor injuries during stunts. Despite the setbacks, the show has earned a devoted following among fans of the beloved comic book hero, and its producers are hoping that it will become a long-running, profitable hit on Broadway. As investigations into Tuesday night's incident continue, fans and industry insiders are hoping that the show will be able to proceed as scheduled, and that Tierney will make a swift recovery from his injuries. The show's producers have not commented on whether or not they plan to make any changes to the production in light of the accident.