article: (CNN) -- Controversial Italian striker Mario Balotelli was sent off as English club Manchester City crashed out of the Europa League at the hands of Dynamo Kiev. The Premier League side trailed 2-0 from last week's first leg in Ukraine and though they won the game 1-0 with a goal from Aleksandar Kolarov, they couldn't overturn the deficit to make the quarterfinals. Their task was made much harder by the dismissal of Balotelli, who caught Kiev defender Goran Popov with his studs after a high challenge. It is the second time the 20-year-old striker has been sent off since he joined City from reigning European champions Inter Milan for a reported fee of $36 million in August last year. Kolarov's shot from 20 yards gave City's ten men a lifeline but though they went close through Argentina striker Carlos Tevez and Spain international David Silva, they couldn't force the tie into extra time. After the match City manager Roberto Mancini told reporters he thought his side would have won if Balotelli had stayed on the pitch. He said: "The problem for Mario is that he thinks he could be a fantastic player. But when he does something stupid like that, it is difficult for me, difficult for him and difficult for the team.'' Liverpool made it a dismal night for English clubs when they crashed out to Portuguese side Braga. Despite missing a clutch of opportunities a 0-0 draw at Anfield meant Kenny Dalglish's side lost 1-0 on aggregate. Braga's fellow countrymen Porto beat CSKA Moscow 2-1 thanks to goals from Hulk and Fredy Guarin, to progress 3-1 on aggregate. Santi Cazorla and Giuseppe Rossi were on target for Spanish side Villarreal as they disposed of Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on aggregate. Portuguese side Benfica advanced to the last eight after they held Paris St Germain to a 1-1 draw in France to go through 3-2 on aggregate. Nicolas Gaitan's away goal was canceled out by Mathieu Bodmer's strike eight minutes later but PSG couldn't break down a determined defence. Spartak Moscow thrashed Dutch side Ajax 3-0 to progress 4-0 on aggregate. The Russians ran out comfortable winners thanks to goals from Dmitri Kombarov, Welliton and Alex. Dutch champions FC Twente fared better as they restricted Zenit St Petersburg to a 2-0 victory in Russia, to ensure a 3-2 aggregate victory. Goals from Roman Shirokov and Alexander Kerzhakov weren't enough to see the 2008 UEFA Cup champions through. Scottish champions Rangers were knocked out by Jeremain Lens' goal as Sporting Lisbon won at Ibrox.
highlights: Mario Balotelli is sent off as Manchester City go out of the Europa League . Ukrainian side Dynamo Kiev make last eight after beating City 2-1 on aggregate . Liverpool go out after Braga hold them to a 0-0 draw at Anfield . Benfica hold on to beat PSG while Spartak Moscow beat Ajax .
id: a26ec29f5e71a6d1d8fc3bc1350cc9c9b1ffafe5
chatgpt: Manchester City's Europa League campaign is over after a fiery 2-1 aggregate defeat to Ukrainian side Dynamo Kiev, which was punctuated by the sending off of striker Mario Balotelli. The Italian forward was sent off in the 36th minute after receiving his second yellow card, having already been fouled twice. This left City with 10 men for the remainder of the match, making it difficult for them to mount a comeback. Dynamo Kiev held on to their one-goal lead from the first leg, thanks to a goal from Andriy Yarmolenko. Despite creating chances throughout the match, City failed to capitalize on them, with Sergio Aguero and Carlos Tevez both going close. The Ukrainian side's defense held firm, and they were able to shut City out for the second time in the tie, to secure their place in the quarter-finals. In another match, Liverpool's Europa League journey also came to an end after they were held to a goalless draw by Braga at Anfield. Despite having a number of opportunities, the Reds were unable to find the back of the net. Braga keeper Artur Moraes produced a string of impressive saves to keep Liverpool at bay, while Dirk Kuyt saw his penalty saved in the 82nd minute. Over in Lisbon, Benfica managed to hold on to their 2-1 aggregate lead over PSG to secure a place in the quarter-finals. The French side had a number of chances to level the tie, but were unable to convert any of them, and were left to rue their missed opportunities. Meanwhile, Russian side Spartak Moscow managed to beat Ajax 3-0 on aggregate, thanks to a 2-0 victory in Amsterdam. Jonjo Shelvey's goal gave the Dutch side hope, but Demy de Zeeuw's red card in the 79th minute ended any chance of an Ajax comeback. Spartak held on for the win and will now progress to the quarter-finals. Overall, it was a disappointing night for English sides as both Manchester City and Liverpool were sent crashing out of the Europa League. Meanwhile, Dynamo Kiev, Benfica, and Spartak Moscow will join the likes of Porto, Villarreal, and Valencia in the draw for the quarter-finals, which will take place on March 19.