article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:01 EST, 12 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:59 EST, 14 January 2013 . As Britons braved sub-zero temperatures yesterday, Zara Phillips was sunning herself Down Under – on the same day she admitted that being Royal has its perks. The Queen’s eldest granddaughter teamed a patterned dress with an eye-catching beige fascinator at the Magic Millions horseracing event on Australia’s Gold Coast, where temperatures reached a blistering 35 C. Zara, 31, who is ambassador of the event’s Racing Women initiative, beamed as she presented the Fashion On The Field award to an elegant female racegoer. Hats off to you! The Queen's granddaughter Zara Phillips kept cool in a loose dress and beige fascinator at the Magic Millions racing carnival at the Gold Coast Turf Club . Keeping comfortable: Zara recommended that ladies simply wear a great hat and comfy shoes to the races . Perks of the job: Zara Phillips admitted that being a Royal helps her sponsor as her name is more recognisable . Her appearance came as she admitted that her own equestrian career has been boosted by her status. She told an Australian newspaper: ‘It is better for my sponsors that I am a Royal because my name is more noticed than anyone else’s.’ Zara, who won a silver medal in last year’s Olympic Games, added: ‘My best tip for ladies going to races would just be to wear a great hat and some comfy shoes.’ However, she didn’t appear to have followed her own advice for yesterday’s event, and was pictured in towering heels. Style queen: Amongst the many tasks Zara had to do, judging a fashion line up was one of them . Head and shoulders: The royal was the ambassador for the event and she had plenty of duties to perform . Thanks for coming: Zara made a final speech before heading off to enjoy the rest of her day . And they're off: From left organisers Katie Page-Harvey, Michelle Lang-McMahon, Gerry Harvey and Zara pose for a final photograph .
highlights: Zara Phillips, 31, was at the Magic Millions horseracing event on Australia’s Gold Coast where temperatures reached 35C . The Royal managed to stay cool in a patterned dress and beige fascinator . Zara is the ambassador of the event’s Racing Women initiative .
id: 2147984428fbe9dd9b39a119e232b61d632be633
chatgpt: Zara Phillips, the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and wife of retired rugby player Mike Tindall, recently attended the Magic Millions horseracing event held on Australia's Gold Coast. Despite soaring temperatures that reached up to 35C, the Royal appeared cool and collected in a stylish outfit consisting of a patterned dress and a beige fascinator. Zara, who is also an accomplished equestrian like her mother Princess Anne, was not just a mere spectator at the event. She attended the event as the ambassador for the Racing Women initiative, a program aimed at promoting and supporting women in the male-dominated sport of horseracing. The initiative was launched in 2016 and since then, Zara has been actively involved in promoting its goals. This year, she attended the event along with other female jockeys, trainers, and breeders to promote the cause and encourage more women to get involved in the sport. As the temperatures soared, Zara appeared unfazed and comfortable in her outfit. Her patterned dress with its floaty silhouette and breathable fabric was perfect for the warm weather. She accessorized with a beige fascinator to keep the sun off her face and completed the look with a pair of beige espadrille wedges. The Racing Women initiative has been successful in increasing female participation in horseracing. The program offers scholarships, mentorship opportunities, and a support network for women in the industry. Zara has been an active supporter of the initiative and has participated in several events promoting it. Speaking to the press, Zara said, "I'm thrilled to support the Racing Women initiative and encourage more women to get involved in the sport. It's a great opportunity for women to showcase their skills and be a part of something truly special." Zara's presence at the Magic Millions horseracing event was a testament to her commitment and passion for promoting the Racing Women initiative. Her effortless style and cool demeanor in the scorching temperatures were an inspiration to all the female participants in attendance. With her support and the continued success of the Racing Women initiative, we can expect to see more women breaking barriers in the sport of horseracing.