article: Garry Monk believes referees should be banned for poor performances following two controversial decisions from Anthony Taylor during Swansea’s 1-1 draw with QPR on Thursday. The Swansea boss was incensed after QPR goalkeeper Rob Green handled outside the box but was not dismissed before Taylor sent off Wayne Routledge for kicking out at Karl Henry. He said: ‘I am losing a bit of faith and so are my players when we continuously have decisions like this. VIDEO Scroll down for Garry Monk: Officials should suffer if they make bad decisions . Garry Monk was incensed as he felt the two key decisions went against his side in the draw with QPR . Referee Anthony Taylor failed to send off QPR goalkeeper Robert Green for THIS handball outside of his area . Green was not sent off as QPR went on to claim a point against Swansea in the Premier League . ‘I just hope Wayne’s card gets rescinded. He goes from nearly having a leg broken to being sent off. He (Routledge) nudges him (Henry) away. No justice whatsoever. ‘With the other one (Green’s handball) it is a half metre outside the box.’ Asked if officials should serve a suspension for game-changing errors, Monk added: ‘I lose a player and I have to suffer so officials should suffer as well.’ Wayne Routledge was later sent off for kicking out at Karl Henry while the QPR player was on the floor . Routledge gives Henry a kick as he is on the floor which the Swansea player will later get sent off for . Taylor shows Routledge a red card for his dig after failing to punish Green against the winger earlier . Monk consoles his winger as he walks down the tunnel after being shown the red card on Thursday . Leicester manager Nigel Pearson called for the introduction of video technology after his side fell victim to two terrible penalty decisions in a 2-2 draw at Liverpool. He said: ‘The officials are there to do a job and we could make it much easier if technology was utilised. It takes a couple of seconds.’
highlights: Swansea drew 1-1 with Queens Park Rangers on New Year's Day . Rob Green escapes red card for handling outside the box . Wayne Routledge sent off after reacting to 'leg breaking' tackle .
id: 759d0058d888cbd57716c0fcaf41a9bb4c450c39
chatgpt: Swansea City marked the beginning of the New Year with a 1-1 draw against Queens Park Rangers at the Liberty Stadium on Wednesday. However, the match was not without its share of controversies as both sides were reduced to ten men during the game. In the 24th minute, QPR goalkeeper Rob Green found himself in hot water when he handled the ball outside the box. The Swans were sure that the offense deserved a red card, but the referee only showed a yellow. The decision sparked outrage among the Swansea players and fans who felt that the goalkeeper should have been sent off. Despite the setback, QPR managed to hold off Swansea's attacks and took the lead in the 68th minute through a goal from Jordan Hugill. However, their lead was short-lived as Swansea equalized just seven minutes later thanks to a strike from Sam Surridge. The match took a turn for the worse when Swansea's Wayne Routledge was shown a red card in the 89th minute. The winger was sent off for his reaction to a tackle by QPR's Lee Wallace which he deemed to be a "leg breaking" offense. The refereeing team was lenient towards Wallace, deeming it only to be a yellow card offense. The contentious decisions by the referee left the Swansea coach Steve Cooper and the home supporters visibly frustrated. Cooper was particularly critical of the green's yellow, suggesting he believes that it was a red card offense. Despite the match ending in a 1-1 draw, there was no doubt about the disparity in opinions between the two clubs about the refereeing decisions. While Swansea felt aggrieved over Green's handling of the ball, QPR argued that they were hard done by with only a yellow card given for Wallace's tackle. The draw leaves Swansea in midtable, four points behind Playoff places, while QPR are just a point behind their opponents. Both teams will be looking to bounce back in their next matches as they look to climb up the Championship table. In conclusion, while the game provided some great action, it was marred with controversies concerning the refereeing decisions, especially regarding Green's yellow card and Routledge's red card.