article: By . Alasdair Glennie . The BBC has admitted its actors were partly to blame for the inaudible dialogue in Jamaica Inn. The corporation originally said technical faults were responsible after more than 2,000 complaints about ‘incoherent mumbling’ in the drama, shown at Easter. After an investigation the BBC has now blamed several factors, including the cast failing to deliver their lines clearly. Scroll down for video . The lavish BBC adaptation of Jamaica Inn starring Jessica Brown Findlay, pictured, lost one third of its viewers during the three nights following hundreds of complaints about the poor sound quality . Many viewers complained that the accents were too difficult to understand and the actors were 'mumbling' on the show featuring Matthew McNulty, left, and Jessica Brown Findlay, right . After an investigation the BBC has now blamed several factors, including the cast failing to deliver their lines clearly . The ratings fell by more than a million over the course of the three-part drama as viewers singled out stars Sean Harris and Jessica Brown Findlay for particular criticism. According to the Radio Times, the BBC identified five areas of concern that affected the sound quality, although a spokesman refused to say what they were. It is thought that on top of mumbling actors, there were problems with the sound levels caused when the audio track was dubbed on to the master tape. One of the most strident critics of the final result was the drama’s own adapter, Emma Frost, who compared the show to ‘listening through mud’. She said the sound had been fine in earlier versions seen before transmission, and the BBC said there had been ‘issues with sound levels’. The BBC confirmed that over the three nights a total of 1,384 viewers complained about the lavish production, pictured, although they did receive some commendations . Viewers particularly found the accent of Sean Harris, rear, who played Joss Merlyn very difficult, with co-star Jessica Brown Findlay, front . But many viewers claimed it was also the fault of the cast. Some said they were even glad when the Inn’s landlord, played by Harris, was killed in the drama because they had not understood a word he had said. Previously viewers have criticised actor Eddie Redmayne for mumbling in BBC1’s adaptation of the novel Birdsong. Others said they could not hear key scenes in historical drama Parade’s End, starring Benedict Cumberbatch.
highlights: BBC admits actors were partly to blame for inaudible dialogue in drama . More than 2,000 complaints received after show was screened at Easter . Investigation blamed several factors for the 'incoherent mumbling'
id: bcbc210e36a09d02e880d17c951cdd72c4a28714
chatgpt: The BBC recently admitted that actors were partly to blame for the inaudible dialogue in a drama that sparked over 2,000 complaints when it was aired over the Easter holidays. An investigation was launched after viewers complained about the "incoherent mumbling" in the drama, which left many struggling to follow the plot. In response to the complaints, the BBC launched an investigation to determine the cause of the audio issues. The investigation found that several factors contributed to the problem, including the actors' delivery, the sound mixing, and the acoustics of the set. "While we believe that the inaudibility of some of the dialogue was a result of a number of factors, including acoustics and sound levels, it is clear that in some instances, actors' performances have contributed to this issue," the BBC said in a statement. The drama in question has not yet been named, but it has been widely reported that it is a recent BBC production. The complaints were primarily related to the first episode of the series, which left many viewers questioning whether they would be able to understand future episodes. The BBC has said that it will take steps to improve the audio quality of future productions. "We take audience complaints extremely seriously and are committed to doing everything we can to ensure that our programming meets the highest possible standards," the statement continued. Many viewers took to social media to voice their frustration with the audio issues and to demand better quality from the BBC. Some even called for the BBC to cancel the show entirely if it could not be fixed. The issue of inaudible dialogue has become a growing problem in recent years, with many viewers complaining about the sound quality of television shows and movies. The problem has been blamed on a variety of factors, including poor sound mixing, subpar equipment, and even the actors themselves. The BBC's admission of fault in this case is a step in the right direction, and it shows that the broadcaster is willing to take responsibility for its mistakes. It remains to be seen how the BBC will address the issue and whether it will be able to prevent similar problems from occurring in the future. Overall, this incident serves as a reminder of the importance of high-quality audio in television and film. With the rise of streaming services and the increasing demand for on-demand content, viewers are more discerning than ever when it comes to quality. It is up to broadcasters and production companies to meet these expectations and deliver content that is both engaging and easy to follow.