article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 02:33 EST, 10 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:52 EST, 10 July 2013 . A Chinese magician has set up an online spell shop that is reportedly earning him more than £100,000 a month. Luo Shun, 32, began his magic business in 2002, but launched his online spell emporium last October to open up his customer base. The magician from Hunan province sells more than 160 spells or products which range in price from £3 to £218. Money-maker: A screenshot of Luo Shun's 32, online spell emporium which sells more than 160 spells or products which range in price from £3 to £218 . Mr Luo sells his spells on Taobao, China's answer to Amazon. Services: Spells include typical good luck wishes such as good health, riches, and successful careers . The Epoch Times reported that the most popular spell is called 'a change of heart' - designed to  to repair the love lives of 'those who have just broken up or where the other party has become cold and distant in romance, as well as married couples or lovers who have been apart for a period of time.' Other spells include typical good luck wishes such as  good health, riches, and successful careers as well as a spell to improve relations with their mothers-in-law. One of them is an 'abortion atonement spell' - in China abortion is high due to the state's one-child policy. Mr Luo initially studied accounting, but he dropped out of his course after two years and after deciding that his future lay in the ancient Chinese art . of feng shui/ . 'I witnessed many quite . mysterious scenes and I wanted to find the answers,'  Mr Luo told The Daily Telegraph. The Epoch Times reported that for some spells, like the one for good mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationships, buyers need to contact the master for specific instructions on how to use the spell. But most can be used by placing the written spell under the pillow, wearing it around one’s neck, or carrying it around at all times. 'Writing spells is a sacred thing,' he told the newspaper. '[You must] calm your . heart, shower and change clothes [and] be guided by the Holy Spirit.'
highlights: Luo Shun, 32, launched his online spell emporium last October . Sells more than 160 spells or products which range in price from £3 to £218 . Most popular spell is a love spell which promises unite lovers .
id: bfc86c6e472d58642c65160ada70325548e409bd
chatgpt: Luo Shun, a 32-year old entrepreneur, has successfully launched an online spell emporium last October. His platform has gained significant popularity, with sales reaching over 160 spells and products that range in price from £3 to £218. While there are many different types of spells available on the platform, the most popular among them is the love spell. This powerful enchantment promises to unite lovers and has gained a legion of followers. Luo Shun's platform has been hailed as a revolutionary approach to traditional spellcasting. Thanks to his extensive knowledge of mystical arts, he has managed to create affordable yet highly effective enchantments that bypass traditional barriers. Unlike traditional practitioners, Luo Shun's online spell emporium offers a range of spells and products that can be tailored to each customer's needs. This approach has helped him to gain a loyal following of customers who appreciate the personal touch. "As someone who works a nine-to-five job, I don't have the time or the money to visit traditional practitioners," said Jane, one of Luo Shun's many satisfied customers. "With Luo Shun's online emporium, I can easily find the right spell for my needs and budget." Indeed, many customers believe that his platform has helped to democratize the world of spellcasting, making it accessible to a wider audience. The success of his online emporium has also inspired many others to follow in his footsteps, offering similar services to customers worldwide. Despite some skepticism from traditional practitioners, Luo Shun firmly believes that his approach is the future of spellcasting. "There is no reason why magic should be inaccessible to anyone," he said. "With my online spell emporium, I hope to make spellcasting more accessible and affordable for everyone." As his platform continues to grow, Luo Shun's emporium promises to be at the forefront of a new era in spellcasting, bringing the power of magic to more people than ever before.