article: Daley Blind has signed for Manchester United to play as a defensive midfielder, according to his former coach Frank de Boer. The Holland international confirmed a £14million deal to Old Trafford on deadline day where he will be reunited with former national team manager Louis van Gaal. Van Gaal largely used the 24-year-old as a left-sided defender during Holland's run to the 2014 World Cup semi-finals, but the versatile player has been used in several positions for his previous club Ajax. Stck in the middle: Daley Blind has his sights set on a central midfield position at Manchester United . High five! Blind has been reunited with former national manager Louis van Gaal following his £14m move . Fast tracked: The Dutchman is set to make his United debut against QPR after arriving on deadline day . De Boer, who has led Ajax to four successive league titles, claims that Blind has his preferred position is as a central holding midfielder. 'He [Blind] started as a full-back but I think now he prefers to be a controlling midfielder,' De Boer told ITV. 'He'll have two or three options [at United] - either at wing-back or on the left in a central midfield pairing. Mr Versatile: The 24-year-old was largely used in defence by Holland en route to 2014 World Cup semi-finals . Going Dutch: Ajax manager Frank de Boer has backed his former player to be a success at Old Trafford . 'For Daley it's a great transfer. He's been playing for Ajax since he was 10 years old and now he can hopefully show his qualities at United. 'He'll have to get used to the rhythm of the league first, but he's a really quick thinker and nowadays that's very important.' Blind is expected to make his United debut against QPR on Sunday, where he could be joined by three other summer signings making their bows - Luke Shaw, Marcos Rojo and Radamel Falcao. You can like our Manchester United Facebook page here . The wait is over? Radamel Falcao is one of four players who could make his United debut on Sunday .
highlights: Manchester United signed Daley Blind from Ajax for £14m on deadline day . Holland international will be reunited with former manager Louis van Gaal . The 24-year-old can play in several positions across defence and midfield . Ajax boss Frank de Boer says Blind's preferred position is central midfield . Blind, Radamel Falcao, Luke Shaw and Marcos Rojo could all make debuts against QPR on Sunday .
id: 6a9f72c4cf546edb06af11f565c49ef958aa2ba6
chatgpt: Manchester United have bolstered their squad with the signing of Dutch international Daley Blind from Ajax for £14m on deadline day. The 24-year-old versatile player will be reuniting with former national team coach and current United manager Louis van Gaal. With the ability to play in several positions across defence and midfield, Blind will provide much-needed versatility to the Red Devils. Ajax boss Frank de Boer revealed that Blind's preferred position is central midfield, but he can seamlessly fill in at left-back, centre-back or even as a defensive midfielder. The acquisition of Blind could prove to be a crucial one for United, who are in desperate need of defensive reinforcements. Furthermore, his presence will add depth to the midfield, which is currently lacking after the departure of some key players. Blind joins an already formidable United squad that has made a number of signings this summer. Striker Radamel Falcao, left-back Luke Shaw and defender Marcos Rojo are all in contention to make their debuts against QPR on Sunday. The addition of Blind will only add to the strength and depth of the squad. On the possibility of playing against his former Ajax teammate, United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar, Blind said: "I will definitely speak to him before the game, but when we're on the pitch it's every man for himself." Van der Sar is currently a director at Ajax, and his experience and knowledge of Blind could prove to be useful in United's upcoming game against QPR. The Red Devils have had a mixed start to the season, securing a win against Tottenham but losing to Swansea and being held to a draw by Sunderland. The arrival of Blind and other new signings will be crucial in helping the team find their form and compete at the top of the Premier League once again. United fans will be hoping that Blind can replicate the success he had at Ajax, where he played an instrumental role in helping the team win the Eredivisie last season. With his versatility, experience and technical ability, Blind could prove to be an invaluable asset to United as they look to secure their place among the top teams in England and Europe.