article: Washington (CNN) -- A former commander of the elite Blue Angels is being investigated by the Navy for allegations that he tolerated a work environment that violated military policies against sexual harassment, the Navy said in a news release Wednesday. Capt. Gregory McWherter left the Navy's elite flight demonstration squad, based in Pensacola, Florida, in 2012. More recently, he was relieved of his duties as second-in-command at a California naval base and reassigned as the Navy looks into the allegations that reportedly occurred more than two years ago, the Navy said. McWherter is being investigated for allegedly allowing -- and sometimes encouraging -- "lewd speech, inappropriate comments, and sexually explicit humor" at work, the statement said. There were also allegations that pornographic pictures were shared at the office and in electronic correspondence. CNN has reached out to McWherter for comment but had not heard back early Thursday morning. The case is the latest involving a U.S. military commander being investigated for violating sexual harassment policies and comes at a time when many have accused the military of not doing enough to address sex crimes and harassment targeting women. "All Navy leaders, whether assigned to a highly visible unit like the 'Blues,' or to our installations, squadrons, ships and submarines, are held to the highest standards," said Vice Adm. David Buss, commander of the Naval Air Forces. The Washington Post first reported McWherter's reassignment Wednesday. The Navy's statement said someone filed a complaint with the Navy inspector general, though it didn't specify when. McWherter was relieved as executive officer of Naval Base Coronado in San Diego on Friday after the investigation "revealed additional details" about the alleged atmosphere around the Blue Angels while McWherter was their leader. The McWherter investigation comes to light about a month after a former top U.S. commander in Afghanistan was ordered to pay thousands of dollars but avoided prison time in a case that put a spotlight on the military's handling of sexual misconduct among troops. Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair was told in late March that he'd get a reprimand, and he must forfeit $20,000 and pay restitution of $4,157 related to travel fraud charges, his lawyer, Richard Scheff, told CNN. The most recent Pentagon report on sexual assaults showed that there were estimated to be 26,000 incidents of assault and unwanted sexual contact in 2012, and just over 10% of those were reported.
highlights: Capt. Gregory McWherter was at a naval base in California as a commander . He was relieved of duty as an investigation moved into a new phase . He's accused of allowing an atmosphere of lewd language, sexual jokes, pornography . The U.S. military has been accused of not doing enough to fight sex crimes .
id: b9a2aa89352be2ab4b8b801d238e3fb4585f78d9
chatgpt: The U.S. Navy has relieved Capt. Gregory McWherter of his duty as a commander at a naval base in California. This comes as an investigation moves into a new phase regarding a culture of lewd language, sexual jokes, and pornography onboard the squadron he led. McWherter, who served as the Blue Angels flight demonstration team's leader from 2008 to 2010 and again from 2011 to 2012, had been in charge of Training Air Wing Two since November 2014. The decision to remove him from his position was made Tuesday by Rear Adm. James Bynum, commander of Naval Air Force Atlantic. The allegations against McWherter are serious and damaging to the U.S. military's reputation. According to reports, McWherter was accused of tolerating an atmosphere of lewd language, sexual jokes, and pornography. Further investigations are expected to reveal the extent of the problem within the ranks of the U.S. military. Sexual harassment and assault have been a significant issue within the U.S. military for many years, with several high-profile cases. These incidents have led to criticism of the U.S. government for not doing enough to tackle such crimes. There have also been questions raised as to why women in the military remain disproportionately represented in cases of harassment and assault. The U.S. military has taken steps to address these issues, including offering more support and resources to those affected by sexual harassment, abuse, and assault. However, it is clear that more needs to be done to eradicate this culture from within the military. The removal of McWherter from his position as commander is a signal that the U.S. Navy is taking these allegations seriously and is committed to investigating it further. It also underscores the importance of creating a culture of respect, professionalism, and accountability within the military. In conclusion, the allegations against Capt. Gregory McWherter are serious and deeply concerning. The decision to relieve him of his duty as a commander at a naval base in California sends a clear message that such behavior will not be tolerated within the military. It is time for the U.S. military to take strong actions to address the issue of sexual harassment and assault and create a culture of respect and professionalism.