article: Washington (CNN) -- Federal and state governments should move to a single lethal drug for executions instead of complex cocktails that can be botched, a group of criminal justice experts said in a new review of the death penalty in the United States. The experts also recommended that governments should let the public know more about their processes in carrying out the death penalty. The report comes as the Justice Department conducts a review of federal and state death penalty procedures, including the drugs used, following a botched execution in Oklahoma last week. Documents: Not enough left to finish botched execution . The Constitution Project published the report called "Irreversible Error," the work of bipartisan group of experts, including former elected leaders who oversaw executions, and anti-death penalty activists. The study was already in the works before the failed execution in Oklahoma. The group doesn't take a position on whether the death penalty should be used, but rather suggests ways to improve the system, the Constitution Project says, to ensure it is being carried out fairly. "Without substantial revisions -- not only to lethal injection, but across the board -- the administration of capital punishment in America is unjust, disproportionate and very likely unconstitutional," former Virginia Republican Attorney General Mark Earley, a member of the committee that produced the report, said in a statement. Former Texas Gov. Mark White, a Democrat and death penalty supporter who co-chaired the committee, said in a recent opinion piece in Politico that he regrets airing an election ad in which he boasted of overseeing the executions of 19 people during his time in office. Among its 39 findings, the report warns that executing people convicted of felony murder violates the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution, which bans cruel, unusual and excessive punishment for crimes. In some states, someone could be convicted of felony murder without killing or even intending or attempting to kill, the report says. "Including accidental and non-intentional murderers among the death-eligible creates perverse outcomes — those least "deserving" of a death sentence can be sentenced to die while premeditated and intentional murderers may avoid capital punishment," the report says. The report suggested improving clemency procedures and better access to the courts for defendants on death row. The report also takes on the issue of executing people suffering from mental retardation, which the Supreme Court banned in 2002. Some states, the report says, have overly stringent standards for people to be declared mentally handicapped. The move to a single lethal drug, the report says, would make sure the government is using "the most scientifically reliable methods to minimize pain and suffering during an execution." States also should make public what drug is used and allow the public to have input on the process. Currently, some states do not identify the drugs they use for lethal injections. Some manufacturers refuse to allow their drugs for such use. Court rules to keep lethal-drug sources secret . The full report can be seen here.
highlights: Bipartisan group makes recommendations on how to administer death penalty . Report follows botched execution in Oklahoma last week . Experts say a single lethal drug should be used instead of "cocktails" Panel also said governments should be more open about the process .
id: a8bb29799ef47c3984eb186a0fbc6f72815f1745
chatgpt: A bipartisan panel has made recommendations on how the death penalty should be administered in light of the recent botched execution in Oklahoma. The panel of experts suggested that the use of a single lethal drug would be a more effective and humane method of execution than the "cocktails" currently being utilized. The report comes just one week after the execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma. Lockett's execution was botched and he died in agony after being given an untested combination of drugs. The incident sparked outrage and raised concerns about the methods used to administer the death penalty. According to the panel report, using a single drug would eliminate the risk of complications that arise when multiple drugs are used in the execution process. The panel also recommended that governments be more transparent about the process, including the source of the drugs used in executions. "The use of a single drug is a more effective and efficient way of carrying out the death penalty," said the panel's spokesperson. "It eliminates the need to use multiple drugs and reduces the risk of complications, such as what happened in Oklahoma." The report also highlighted the need for governments to be more open about the death penalty process. "There needs to be greater transparency about the process, including the source of the drugs used," said the spokesperson. "The public has a right to know how the death penalty is being carried out in their name." The use of the death penalty continues to be a controversial issue in many states. In recent years, there has been an increasing amount of scrutiny on the methods used to carry out executions. This has led to a number of legal challenges and calls for greater transparency. The panel's recommendations are likely to be welcomed by those who support the use of the death penalty. However, they are likely to face opposition from those who oppose capital punishment altogether. The use of the death penalty remains one of the most contentious issues in American politics. While some believe it is a necessary tool for punishing heinous crimes, others argue that it is an ineffective and inhumane practice. The panel's report is likely to ignite further debate on the subject. However, it is clear that there is a growing consensus that measures need to be taken to ensure that the death penalty is carried out in a more humane and transparent way. As the debate continues, many are calling on state governments to take action and ensure that the use of the death penalty is carried out in a responsible and transparent manner. Whether or not the panel's recommendations will be implemented remains to be seen, but it is clear that change is needed if the death penalty is to continue to be used in the United States.