article: (CNN) -- An ALS Ice Bucket Challenge went terribly wrong in Campbellsville, Kentucky, when four firefighters were seriously injured after participating in a group event, according to Campbellsville Police Chief Tim Hazlette. Electricity from a power line shocked the firefighters after they had sprayed water on students. Crews from the Fire and Rescue Department were helping the Campbellsville University band with their video "Challenge" around 11 a.m. Thursday. A photo obtained by CNN and taken by witness Tyler Arterburn shows the firetruck's aerial ladder hovering over the challenge participants as firefighters inside the ladder's bucket spray them with water. After the water spray ended, the students left and the firefighters began moving back the ladder, according to Hazlette. This is when the bucket at the top of the ladder came close enough to power lines to shock the firefighters with electricity. There were two men inside the bucket and two on the ground. Captain Tony Grider, 41, and firefighter Simon Quinn, 22, were inside the bucket. They were taken to Taylor Regional Hospital and then transferred to the University of Louisville Medical Center Burn Unit. "One is in critical condition, the other is fair. Both have been admitted to the hospital's Level 1 burn unit," said KentuckyOne Health spokesperson, David McArthur. Two other firefighters, Captain Steve Marrs, 37, and Alex Johnson, 28, received electric shocks when they tried to lower the bucket and an electric current traveled down the extended ladder, said Hazlette. Marrs and Johnson were taken to Taylor Regional. Marrs was released and Johnson was admitted for observation, said Hazlette. Friend of man behind challenge dies . The incident remains under investigation but according to Hazlette, the ladder never touched the nearby power lines. "From talking with the power company, if you get within a distance of 3 to 4 feet, the energy that surrounds the high-voltage wire will actually arc over another object, in this case being the personnel occupying the bucket," said Hazlette. In a statement posted on their website Campbellsville University asked for prayers. "We express heartfelt sympathy and prayers for the families of the two firefighters who were injured," said university President Michael Carter in the statement. The university's Baptist Campus Ministry held a prayer service on Thursday evening. The Ice Bucket Challenge is a social media campaign that aims to raise awareness and money to fight Lou Gehrig's disease, also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS. The ALS Association has received over $41.8 million in donations compared to $2.1 million during the same time last year. Celebs embrace Ice Bucket Challenge .
highlights: Firefighters were participating in group ALS Ice Bucket Challenge . One firefighter remains in critical condition . Electricity arc shocked firefighters in extension ladder . Ice Bucket Challenge organized by Campbellsville University band .
id: d6be28b731e26accc555bd3ab52534ed0d2e0336
chatgpt: A group of firefighters in Campbellsville, Kentucky participated in the popular ALS Ice Bucket Challenge on Thursday. However, the good-natured event turned tragic when one of the firefighters was seriously injured in an accident. According to witnesses, several firefighters were standing on an extension ladder, which was being supported by a fire truck, when an electricity arc suddenly shocked them. One firefighter, identified as Tony Grider, was critically injured in the incident, while another, Simon Quinn, suffered less severe injuries. Emergency responders were called to the scene and Grider was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was reported to be in critical condition. Quinn was also taken to the hospital for treatment and was later released. The firefighters had been participating in the Ice Bucket Challenge, which has become a popular way to raise money and awareness for ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. The challenge involves participants dumping a bucket of ice water over their heads, then nominating others to do the same and making a donation to ALS research. The event was organized by the Campbellsville University band, which had challenged the fire department to take part in the challenge. The band was reportedly present at the time of the accident and witnessed the shock that injured the firefighters. The incident has shocked and saddened many in the community, who had gathered to watch and participate in the event. The mayor of Campbellsville, Tony Young, spoke to reporters about the incident. "This was supposed to be a fun event for a good cause, and it's turned into a tragedy," Young said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the injured firefighters and their families, and we will do everything we can to support them." The Campbellsville Fire Department released a statement expressing their sadness and asking for privacy for the families of the injured firefighters. "We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred during today's Ice Bucket Challenge," the statement read. "Our thoughts and prayers are with our injured brothers and their families, and we ask that their privacy be respected during this difficult time." The accident has sparked concern about the safety of the Ice Bucket Challenge and other similar events. However, many have emphasized that accidents are rare and that the challenge has been successful in raising millions of dollars for ALS research. As for the Campbellsville firefighters, they will continue to be in the thoughts and prayers of their community as they recover from their injuries.