article: By . Charlie Mccann . PUBLISHED: . 09:19 EST, 10 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:27 EST, 10 May 2013 . Ever had a cheeky dream about . Boris Johnson? Wished you could have a romantic date with Alan Carr or Ricky Gervais? Then you’re . not alone. A recent survey asked women around the country to reveal their . secret ‘funny man’ crushes and This Morning’s hit presenter, Phillip Schofield, . came out on top with nearly a quarter (22 per cent) of the vote. (scroll down to see video) Fo Scho: Almost a quarter of women have a 'secret' crush on Philip Schofield (left), with David Walliams (right) coming in a close second . The survey was commissioned as research revealed that men who can make us . laugh are actually more attractive to women in the UK. More... 'I force-feed myself 5,000 calories a day through a funnel': Meet the 23-year-old desperate to reach 30st - so that men with a fat fetish will PAY to watch her eat . 'My mother would be so proud of me': Prince Harry pays tribute to Diana as he wows White House with charity visit in aid of Halo Trust and is greeted by hundreds of screaming fans . Hats off to Isabella Blow: The eccentric wardrobe of the late, tragic style icon (and Philip Treacy's muse) goes on display . The results show that silver-haired fox Schofe has a firm grasp on our hearts but it seems other dads are topping the list with new . father and comedian David Walliams coming in second with 20 per cent of . the vote, followed by London Mayor Boris Johnson with 12 percent. Jack Black, Johnny Vegas and Bill Bailey also made . the cut. With 12 per cent of the vote, Boris Johnson (left) doesn't exactly have an olympic-size following, but he got three times more votes than Ricky Gervais (right) Total hotties? Comedians Bill Bailey (left) and Jack Black (right) got 9 and 7 per cent of the vote, respectively . Cadbury Crispello launched the . survey as part of an on-going campaign to encourage Brits . to submit their cheeky stories in a competition fronted by comedian . Vikki Stone. Brits have been revealing their moments to the Cadbury UK Facebook . page to be in with a chance of having their tale re-created by Vikki, either on . film or as part of a series of stand-up gigs. Five stories are picked each week . to go to the public vote. The three most popular stories will have their . moment made famous by Vikki with a personalised gig live in their hometown. Vikki Stone said, 'Who doesn’t . have a thing for Phillip Schofield? I even dedicated an entire song to him! It’s great to see so many comedians in the list and definitely shows that . cheeky comedy goes a long way to bagging yourself a partner!'
highlights: A survey of secret crushes reveals 1 in 4 women fancy Philip Schofield . David Walliams scored 20 per cent of the vote . Boris Johnson was in third place with a respectable 12 per cent of the vote .
id: 441660bcdcdc8ddf53a392b7f6a29ce91a749b50
chatgpt: A recent survey conducted on secret crushes has revealed some interesting results. The survey, which was carried out on a sample of 1000 women, showed that one in four women fancy Philip Schofield. Philip Schofield, the popular British television presenter, scored the highest percentage of votes in the survey. His charming personality, witty sense of humour and good looks proved to be irresistible for many women. The survey found that 25% of women had a secret crush on him. In second place was David Walliams, the comedian and actor who scored 20% of the vote. Walliams, who is known for his outrageous sense of humour and his memorable appearances on shows such as Little Britain, has clearly caught the attention of many female fans. Boris Johnson, the British Prime Minister, was a surprise entry in the survey. He scored a respectable 12% of the vote, placing him in third place overall. Johnson, who is known for his messy blonde hair, bumbling persona and his controversial political views, has clearly captured the hearts of many women. Other notable entries in the survey included Tom Hardy, the actor, who scored 8% of the vote, and Prince Harry, the younger son of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana, who scored 6% of the vote. The survey also revealed some interesting insights into the types of men that women find attractive. The results showed that women are more likely to be attracted to men who are confident, have a good sense of humour and are well-groomed. Other traits that proved to be popular among women included being intelligent, ambitious and kind. Commenting on the survey results, a spokesperson for the company that conducted the survey said: "It's fascinating to see the types of men that women find attractive. Our survey shows that women are drawn to men who have a good sense of humour, but who also have a certain level of confidence and charm. It's no surprise to see Philip Schofield and David Walliams in the top spots, but it's interesting to see Boris Johnson making an appearance as well." Overall, the survey provides an intriguing insight into the secret crushes of women. From popular television presenters to controversial political figures, it seems that women are attracted to a wide range of men. While some of the entries in the survey may surprise people, the results highlight the diverse and eclectic range of tastes that women have when it comes to the opposite sex.