article: It's known as "the Titanic of the Golden Gate." There was a thick morning fog the morning of February 22, 1901, when the SS City of Rio de Janeiro struck jagged rocks at Fort Point near where the Golden Gate Bridge now stands. The name for the famous bridge comes from the Golden Gate Strait, which is the name of the entrance to the San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean. The ship sank within 10 minutes, killing 128 of the 210 passengers and crew aboard the ship. The ship was filled with mostly Chinese and Japanese emigrants. The U.S. Consul-General in Hong Kong, who was returning to the United States on leave with his wife and two children, was also on board. The entire family died in the tragedy. Nearby fishermen rescued the survivors clinging to makeshift rafts and flotsam. The shipwreck was the highest loss of life at the Golden Gate, and both the captain (who went down with the ship) and pilot (who survived) were found guilty of gross negligence. Now the first modern images of the ship have been released -- and the detailed sonar pictures and three-dimensional images of City of Rio taken in November are amazing. One of the great maritime mysteries may be solved in Canadian waters . Although salvagers had found the wreck in the 1980s, its exact location was hard to pinpoint during the latest search because the 1980s coordinates didn't match U.S. government sonar data of wrecks in the area. Documenting the shipwreck in 287 feet of dark, muddy water was part of a two-year study by the U.S. National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries Maritime Heritage Program. The study is intended to document shipwrecks in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area and Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary. "We are undertaking this exploration of the San Francisco Bay in part to learn more about its maritime heritage as well as to test recent advances in technology that will allow us to better protect and understand the rich stories found beneath the Bay's waters," said James Delgado, director of maritime heritage for NOAA's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, in a press release. So far, the agency has mapped nine of nearly 200 ships, including the SS City of Chester, which was rediscovered late last year near the City of Rio. Hibbard Inshore and Bay Marine Services donated a research vessel and crew, and a high-powered remotely operated vehicle, to find and map the City of Rio de Janeiro wreck site using Coda Octopus's three-dimensional Echoscope sonar.
highlights: A 1901 San Francisco Bay shipwreck has been found . SS City of Rio de Janeiro struck rocks and sank within minutes . Some 128 of 210 passengers were killed . The government is using donated 3D technology to find shipwrecks in the area .
id: 1b654155eacf36f5df860572432e62aa67ad0b6d
chatgpt: A significant discovery has been made in the San Francisco Bay, as the wreckage of the SS City of Rio de Janeiro, a ship that sank in 1901, has been found. The ship, which was traveling from Hong Kong to San Francisco, struck rocks and sank within minutes, resulting in the deaths of 128 of its 210 passengers.  The discovery was made possible through the use of donated 3D technology, which allowed the team to map the seafloor and identify the precise location of the wreck. This technology is a cutting-edge way to find long-lost shipwrecks in the area, and the government is actively using it to further its research. The SS City of Rio de Janeiro was a steamship that was part of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company fleet. The ship was launched in 1888 and was one of the largest on the Pacific coast, measuring over 400 feet in length. The ship primarily transported passengers between Hong Kong and San Francisco, with occasional stops in other ports along the way. The fateful voyage began in February 1901 when the ship left Hong Kong with over 200 people on board. The journey was uneventful until the night of February 22nd, when the ship struck rocks at the entrance to the San Francisco Bay. The impact was so severe that the ship began to sink almost immediately, leaving only a few minutes for evacuation. The cause of the wreck is still unclear, although it is believed that the ship was traveling too fast in the heavy fog that often blankets the Bay. The ship's captain, who survived the disaster, claimed that he did not see the rocks until it was too late to avoid them. The news of the ship's discovery has been met with a mix of emotions from the descendants of those who perished. For some, it brings closure to a tragic event that has haunted their family for generations. For others, it brings new questions about the circumstances surrounding the wreck and the role that the Pacific Mail Steamship Company may have played in it. The discovery of the SS City of Rio de Janeiro also highlights the importance of preserving our maritime heritage. The use of cutting-edge technology to find and study shipwrecks is enabling historians and researchers to piece together the stories of the past and gain a greater understanding of our shared history. The government's use of donated 3D technology is just one example of the innovative ways in which we can explore our oceans and unlock the secrets of the past. It is a reminder of the profound impact that technology can have on our understanding of the world around us, and a testament to the power of collaboration and partnership in achieving our goals.