article: By . Rehema Figueiredo . It all started with American hipsters  but now the bizarre trend has hit Tyneside, with Geordie men adorning their beards with a beautiful array of colourful flowers. The peculiar movement first gained popularity on Tumblr and has since blossomed elsewhere. Though these models will never gain hipster street cred, their floral endeavours are in aid of a more serious cause, raising money for men's health charity Orchid. The beautiful creations are the work of 48-year-old  florist Sue Shone who says: 'We had recently had people close to us die of cancer, and so we wanted to do something creative to raise money for Orchid, a men's health charity. Graham Jenkins (left) and local resident Lee Kelly (right) answered florist Sue Shone's social media plea for local men willing to model their flower-adorned beards in a 2015 charity calendar . Sue Shone trained in art design, which is clear from the tasteful and original arrangement she created in Liam Gallisent's beard . 'I had been looking at pictures of men in the 1960s with flowers in their hair and thought that it would be great to being the trend back, and get some local lads involved.' Sue, from Gosforth, set about recruiting as many local lads as she could and soon had a group of willing bearded and moustached men posing in front of local photographer David Williams. The brave calendar boys include fishmonger Blake Fletcher, van driver Jason Halls and heating engineer Michael Sweeney. Brave calendar boy Steve Cunningham (elft) and heating engineer Michael Sweeney (right) wern't put off by the unusual idea, which florist Sue says was inspired by pictures of men in the 1960s with flowers in their hair . Fishmonger Blake Fletcher  and van driver Jason Halls strike an arty back-to-back pose with matching floral arrangements in their facial hair . She says: 'I put out an appeal on Facebook and was astounded by the response I got. The men who volunteered were fantastic, they really got into it despite the fact they were by and large big, macho men.' With the help of her partner Fleming Anott, 42, Sue hopes to expand her  enterprise to photos of women's bikini hair and men's chest and underarm hair interwoven with floral arrangements. She says 'My daughters are both in their twenties and always removing their hair but I think it should be celebrated.' To pre-order the calendar go to www.fleursute.com . Local lad and fishmonger Blake Fletcher sports small pink flowers in his beard in this shot taken by  photographer David Williams (left) while van driver Jason Halls' delicate beard arrangement is tastefully juxtaposed with his tattoo. Sue says responses to her request were 'by and large from big, macho men' (right)
highlights: Local florist Sue Shone, 48, put out plea on Facebook for big bearded men willing to model . Calendar is in memory of Sue's friends who died of cancer and in aid of men's health charity Orchid . Volunteer models include fishmonger Blake Fletcher, van driver JasonHalls and heating engineer Michael Sweeney . Bizarre floral facial hair trend started with hipsters in Brooklyn, Portland and San Francisco .
id: 64b2f7e2cc35c1ce7614b2af6b52dfc1f5c9af89
chatgpt: Local florist Sue Shone, 48, has taken her skills in creating beautiful floral displays to a new level. She has put out a plea on Facebook for big bearded men willing to model for a calendar in aid of men's health charity Orchid. The calendar has been created in memory of Sue's friends who died of cancer and aims to support research into prostate and testicular cancer. Sue's call for volunteers has been answered by a diverse range of men, including fishmonger Blake Fletcher, van driver Jason Halls, and heating engineer Michael Sweeney. These volunteers are lending their faces (and their facial hair) to the cause and bringing a playful edge to the serious subject matter. One of the most striking things about the calendar is the inclusion of Sue's signature floral touch. The bearded men have been styled with an array of floral facial hair decorations, which are sure to turn heads. This trend for unique facial hair styling has been gaining momentum in recent years, with hipsters in Brooklyn, Portland, and San Francisco leading the way. Speaking about the project, Sue said "I lost friends to cancer and saw how it affected them and their families. Our hope is that this calendar will raise awareness and help support Orchid's research into men's cancers. And who doesn't love seeing big bearded men dressed up in flowers?" The calendar will be available for purchase from Sue's florist shop, with all proceeds being donated to Orchid. The charity, which is dedicated to improving the lives of men affected by prostate, testicular, and penile cancer, will be able to put these funds towards vital research and support for patients and their families. The response to the project has been overwhelmingly positive, with many people praising Sue's creativity and dedication to the cause. Some even expressed that they would be willing to try the floral facial hair trend themselves. Sue's calendar is just one example of the power of social media in bringing people together for a good cause. It is heartening to see so many people, from all walks of life, coming together to raise awareness and funds for such an important issue. And who knows – this unique trend for floral facial hair may just catch on even more.