article: Thierry Henry says that Costa Rica showed England how to combat Andrea Pirlo and proved that team ethic triumphs over individual quality. The unfancied Central Americans booked their place in the last 16 and condemned Roy Hodgson’s side to an early exit following their 1-0 victory over Italy. England had been beaten 2-1 by the Italians in their Group C opener having allowed midfield playmaker Pirlo to dictate the contest. Circle of life: Costa Rica celebrate their 1-0 victory over Italy which sends them through to the last 16 . Joy: Costa Rica have booked their place in the knockout rounds with a game to spare . Grounded: Andrea Pirlo did not inspire Italy as he had done against England . But Costa Rica subdued the Juventus man as Bryan Ruiz’s first-half header gave them an unlikely but deserved win. Henry also believes Costa Rica were good value for their success and drew comparisons with England’s failure to deal with Pirlo. ‘Costa Rica went forward and were pressing Pirlo. He never had one chance to turn and pick a pass. If you let Pirlo play he will expose you,’ said the BBC pundit. ‘They did not show Pirlo any respect during the game.’ Out: England will be heading home after the group stage . Flying Bryan: Fulham flop Bryan Ruiz celebrates the goal which gave Costa Rica a first-half lead . Verdict: Thierry Henry was full of praise for Costa Rica and critical of England . The former France international added: ‘I’m sure you didn’t know one player from Costa Rica. But if you have a good team, sometimes you don’t need names. ‘Costa Rica showed us that without the quality that England, Italy and Uruguay have, if you are well organised and have an idea of what you need to do then you can win.’ Fellow pundit Clarence Seedorf echoed Henry’s sentiment. ‘I think Costa Rica are better tactically (than England) because the (Italy) midfield was completely blocked,’ said the former Holland midfielder. ‘I agree with Thierry, it’s about having a team.’ Rio Ferdinand, meanwhile, says that England did not deserve to remain in the competition on the evidence of their defeats to Italy and Uruguay. ‘You have to earn the right to stay in a tournament and England have not done that,’ he said. ‘They have been a bit naïve in situations. When they got back into it against Uruguay at 1-1 we had a chance to get a point and say “right, we’re ready for the last game” and they didn’t.’ And ITV pundit Patrick Vieira said: ‘You can't say that England have played badly over the 2 games. But you need to score when you have momentum.’
highlights: Former international stars say Three Lions were not as good tactically as Costa Rica . Henry believes they showed what team work and organisation achieves . Their 1-0 victory over Italy means England are eliminated at World Cup group stage for first time since 1958 .
id: 94ba871745738aeeb4a252bec5bd2e6218d95d5b
chatgpt: Former international stars have criticized England for their poor tactical performance during their World Cup campaign in Russia. Speaking to media after the Three Lions crashed out of the group stage for the first time since 1958, several former players suggested that England did not possess the same level of tactical prowess as their opponents. Former Arsenal and France striker Thierry Henry commented, "There were teams like Costa Rica who showed us what great team work and organization can achieve. They weren't necessarily better than us individually, but they were better as a team." Henry's remarks reflect the concerns of many English football fans who have long lamented the country's inability to produce a cohesive, tactically astute national team. England's campaign ultimately came to an end with a 1-0 defeat to Italy in their final group game. The result was not only a disappointment for fans, but a damning verdict on the team's current state. It was a performance that showed clear deficiencies in several areas, including tactical awareness. Former England midfielder and current BBC pundit Danny Murphy highlighted these shortcomings in his post-match analysis, saying, "We didn't really have a plan B. When things weren't going well, there didn't seem to be any coherent way of changing things up. That's something we need to address if we're going to compete at the highest level." Indeed, many pundits have argued that this World Cup exposed the need for a major overhaul of English football, from grassroots development to the highest levels of management. Former Manchester United and England defender Gary Neville argued in his post-Italy analysis that the sport's leaders need to take a hard look at how players are trained and developed, saying, "We need a culture change in this country. We need to take a step back and look at how we're preparing our players, from the youngest age. We need more emphasis on technique, tactics and fitness." Given England's rich footballing history, it is understandable that fans demand success at the highest level. However, the current state of the national team suggests that this will require significant changes to the way the sport is structured and managed in the country. This means a willingness to think critically about what has worked in the past, and what needs to be done differently in the future. In the short term, England fans will be disappointed that their team failed to progress beyond the group stage in Russia. However, many will take heart from the performances of teams like Costa Rica, who demonstrated that tactical awareness and organizational skills can make all the difference in the modern game. It remains to be seen how England will respond to this latest setback, but it is clear that major changes are required if the Three Lions are to compete successfully on the world stage once again. As former Arsenal and England midfielder Paul Merson put it, "We need to stop thinking about the past and start planning for the future. It's time for a new era in English football."