article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A tell-all book by a former "Girls Gone Wild" photographer alleges that Paris Hilton once smuggled illegal drugs into Europe using a cigarette box hidden inside her body. Hilton's representative did not comment on the book's allegation when contacted by CNN Wednesday. A copy of "Flash! Bars, Boobs and Busted -- 5 years on the Road with Girls Gone Wild" was filed as an exhibit in the publisher's response to a lawsuit aimed at stopping its sale on Tuesday. The lawsuit described the "Girls Gone Wild" video series as "filming real college coeds reveling in spring break." The video series' founder, Joe Francis, filed suit in Los Angeles Superior Court in July accusing his former employee, Ryan Simkins, of violating confidentiality agreements with the book. "Simkins agreed orally and in writing not to disclose confidential information or speak publicly in a manner that could harm the reputation of Mr. Francis or the Girls Gone Wild enterprise," his suit said. Simkin's legal response contended he was not bound by any confidentiality agreement. "To the extent the parties previously may have agreed that the defendant would not write about plaintiffs, that agreement was waived by plaintiffs," the response said. The book became available online Tuesday despite the lawsuit, according to the publisher's lawyer. Publisher 4th Street Media, named as a co-defendant, submitted the book as an exhibit in a court filing on Tuesday. An excerpt of the filing obtained by CNN described a purported encounter between Simkins and Hilton, who was naked in her dressing room during a photo shoot in Los Angeles. Hilton was about to fly to Europe to meet Francis, whom she was dating at the time, he wrote. Simkins wrote that he was delivering a Camel cigarette package filled with cocaine and Ecstasy to Hilton at the request of Francis: . "I took out the Camel box and handed it to her, and she thanked me. We talked for a minute or two about the apparent difficulty of procuring those drugs in Europe. I asked if she was flying private, and she said, 'No, commercial.' And then as politely as I could, I asked her how she planned on traveling with that amount of blow and X. "She held the box in her right hand, and then with an underhand swoop like a lower case J, she demonstrated exactly how she intended to beat airport security. She even whistled as she did it." He then describes how she placed the box between her legs and into her body. Hilton was arrested in Las Vegas, Nevada, on a cocaine possession charge last month.
highlights: The book was written by a former "Girls Gone Wild" cameraman . The "Girls Gone Wild" creator is suing the book's author and publisher . Hilton has not responded to the drug allegation .
id: ef80719a77f41972a6f0163f12a86736bc84f56e
chatgpt: A former "Girls Gone Wild" cameraman is facing legal trouble from the creator of the infamous adult entertainment franchise. Joe Francis, who founded "Girls Gone Wild" in 1997, is suing the author and publisher of a book written by a former cameraman, Ryan Simkin. Simkin's book, titled "Flash! Bars, Boobs, and Busted: 5 Years on the Road with Girls Gone Wild," chronicles his time working for Francis and the company. In the book, Simkin details the partying, drug use, and salacious behavior that were supposedly rampant during his tenure. However, Francis claims that the book is riddled with false and defamatory statements. He alleges that Simkin made up stories about Francis and other "Girls Gone Wild" employees engaging in illegal activities and drug use. Francis further alleges that these false statements have damaged his reputation and caused him emotional distress. The lawsuit, which was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, seeks unspecified damages and a court order prohibiting the further publication of the book. The publisher, Bird Street Books, has not yet commented on the lawsuit. As for the drug use allegations in the book, there is at least one other person named who has remained tight-lipped. Socialite and heiress Paris Hilton is referenced in the book as allegedly using cocaine during a party at the Cannes Film Festival. So far, Hilton has not responded to the allegations, despite being named specifically in the book. It remains to be seen whether she will issue a statement or take any legal action. Simkin has not yet commented on the lawsuit, but his book has received mixed reviews from readers. Some have praised it for offering a behind-the-scenes glimpse into the wild world of "Girls Gone Wild," while others have criticized it for being poorly written and lacking in substance. It's unclear at this time what the outcome of the lawsuit will be, but it's clear that Francis is determined to clear his name and protect his reputation. As for Simkin, he may find himself in legal trouble if the allegations against him are proven to be false. Regardless of the legal proceedings, the controversy surrounding "Girls Gone Wild" and its former cameraman has brought the company back into the spotlight. The franchise had lost some of its notoriety in recent years, but this lawsuit may be just the thing to reignite public interest.