article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A single father serving in the Air Force surprised his daughter with a heartwarming early return home on Friday. Air Force Sgt. Wil Alteus was raising daughter Lyrique in New Jersey when he was called to active duty in August 2013, People reports. Lyrique was sent to live with Alteus' sister Kinley in Florida. Both Lyrique and Kinley did not know when Sgt. Alteus would return home -- and were shocked when Lyrique received an amazing surprise at school that was captured on video. Top marks: Lyrique spelled out the game's final message 'Lyrique's dad is home'...only to see her father just moments later . Good speller: Lyrique was stunned by the surprise gesture as her classmates and teachers looked on . Emotional: students and staff cheered as Lyrique embraced her father Sgt. Wil Alteus, who returned from active duty in southwest Asia . Sweet relief: single father Sgt. Wil Alteus (center) embraces daughter Lyrique (left) and sister Kinley (right) Sgt. Alteus found out he could return to the United States after serving nine . months overseas at an undisclosed location in southwest Asia. He then contacted officials at Mount Dora Bible School where Lyrique is a second-grade student to plan the surprise, according to Daily Commercial. Lyrique was chosen along with two students to play in a trivia game similar to Wheel of Fortune. When all of the letters were chosen, Lyrique read aloud the phrase 'Lyrique's dad is home.' Overcome with joy, Lyrique is seen in the video running down an aisle to embrace her father standing at the back of the room in uniform. Alteus' sister Kinley was also present at the big reveal. Sgt. Alteus specially asked the school to have her attend the special day as well. Surprise party: Lyrique was shocked when father Sgt. Wil Alteus returned home early . Happy to be home: Sgt. Alteus and sister Kinley are all smiles at their reunion . Never let me go: Lyrique and her father, Sgt. Wil Alteus, hold tight while they hug . Happy together: Lyrique Alteus looks on as her father and aunt embrace . Now that her father is home, Lyrique 'doesn't want to let him go,' Kinley Alteus told People. 'My brother wanted to make this special for Lyrique because it was so hard leaving her for those months ... it was a huge surprise for both of us!' she also said. This isn't the first time Sgt. Alteus and the school have worked together to make special memories for Lyrique. In November 2013, the Orlando Sentinel reported that Sgt. Alteus skyped with Lyrique and over 800 staff and students in the school auditorium on Veterans Day.
highlights: Sgt. Wil Alteus had served overseas for 9 months when he found out he could return home to his daughter Lyrique . He had left Lyrique in the care of his sister Kinley and his daughter's school to arrange a special surprise . Lyrique competed in a school trivia game similar to Wheel of Fortune . When she spelled out the game's final message, 'Lyrique's dad is home,' she was shocked to see her father at school .
id: efc9f10132653cd18eeb01ebd588d993570e781a
chatgpt: Sgt. Wil Alteus had been serving overseas for the past nine months, away from his beloved daughter, Lyrique. The separation was difficult for both of them, and Sgt. Alteus longed for the day when he would finally be reunited with Lyrique, whom he had left in the care of his sister Kinley, and Lyrique's school. Wanting to make his return extra special, Sgt. Alteus decided to arrange a surprise for his daughter's return. He enlisted the help of Lyrique's school to create a trivia game similar to the popular television show, Wheel of Fortune. Sgt. Alteus worked with the school to ensure that the game's final message would reveal the biggest surprise of them all: Lyrique's dad was finally home. As the game unfolded, Lyrique answered question after question, her anticipation growing with every correct answer. She had no idea what the final puzzle would be, but she was determined to solve it. And when she did, she was stunned to see her father standing in front of her. For Lyrique, the moment was overwhelming. Tears streamed down her face as she ran to her father's open arms. After being apart for so long, the two of them clung to each other, not wanting to let go. Sgt. Alteus was equally emotional. He had dreamed of this moment for so long, and it was finally here. The joy he felt at being reunited with his daughter was indescribable. The surprise reunion was a moment that no one at the school would soon forget. The staff and students cheered as the two embraced, overjoyed that they could be a part of such a special moment. For Sgt. Alteus, the reunion was also a welcome respite from the rigors of his job overseas. As a member of the armed forces, Sgt. Alteus had been stationed in a dangerous part of the world, putting his life on the line every day. Being reunited with his daughter was a reminder of why he was fighting at all – to protect his beloved family and the country that he loved. The reunion was brief but sweet. Sgt. Alteus left soon after to spend some quality time with his daughter, having missed out on so many memorable moments over the past nine months. Lyrique, for her part, was thrilled to have her dad back, and the two spent the rest of the day catching up, laughing, and simply enjoying each other's company. The surprise reunion was a testament to the bond between a father and a daughter, and to the sacrifices that military families make every day. Sgt. Alteus and Lyrique's story serves as an inspiration to those who serve and those who support them.