article: (CNN) -- More used to walloping cricket balls than opponents, Andrew Flintoff successfully swapped batting gloves for boxing gloves on Friday night beating American opponent, Richard Dawson in their heavyweight fight at the Manchester Arena, England. Despite being knocked to the floor in the second round, the former England cricketer recovered to win on points (39 to 38) in the four-round bout witnessed by a 5,000-strong crowd which included former teammates Steve Harmison and Rob Key. "As a personal achievement, this tops the lot," Flintoff said. "The crowd made a massive difference tonight. I'll appreciate I was sloppy at times, but it was a humbling moment." Flintoff, who entered the ring wearing the shirt of his county cricket club Lancashire, had the better of the exchanges in the opening round, but was knocked to the canvas by the 23-year-old Dawson during the second. The 34-year-old was quick to recover though and made the referee's count comfortably before going on to dominate the final two rounds and secure the points victory. Flintoff announced his intentions to start boxing professionally in September and trained with former Irish world featherweight champion Barry McGuigan and his son Shane in preparation for his first fight. But his decision has caused controversy. British boxing promoter Frank Warren, whose BoxNation channel showed the fight, said in September that it would be "car-crash television," while Frank Maloney, who managed former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis, described the bout as "dangerous nonsense." Despite a successful start, Flintoff remains uncertain about his future in the sport saying he will delay a decision until the new year. "I want some time off, have a nice Christmas. After Christmas I will start to decide what to do. It is quite fresh, still quite raw what happened." Flintoff maybe unsure what course to take, but many may agree with the comments of his friend and fellow paceman Steve Harmison. "Great win @flintoff11!!!" Harmison tweeted, "But please don't do it again mate!!!" Flintoff played 79 Tests and 141 One-Day Internationals for England in an international career spanning 11 years and was a key member of England's Ashes-winning teams against Australia in 2005 and 2009. He retired from all forms of cricket in 2010.
highlights: Former England all-rounder makes winning debut in the boxing ring against American Richard Dawson . Flintoff recovers from being knocked down in the second round to win on points in four-round bout . The 34-year-old's entry into boxing has been controversial, one promoter calling it "dangerous nonsense" Former teammate Steve Harmison tweets: "Great win @flintoff11!!! But please don't do it again mate!!!"
id: d24227350d536d484845fd3679a7165215798d34
chatgpt: Former England cricket all-rounder Andrew Flintoff has made a winning debut in the boxing ring, much to the surprise of his fans and the cricket fraternity. He faced off against American Richard Dawson in a four-round bout, which saw Flintoff being knocked down in the second round. However, he recovered well to win on points and secure the victory.  Flintoff's entry into the professional boxing world has been met with controversy, with some promoters labeling it as "dangerous nonsense." Many felt that the 34-year-old should not be risking his health and reputation with such a risky career move. However, Flintoff appeared determined to prove his detractors wrong by putting up a good performance in his first fight. Following Flintoff's victory, one of his former teammates, Steve Harmison, tweeted his congratulations, but also urged Flintoff not to risk his health again by stepping into the ring. Harmison's tweet read, "Great win @flintoff11!!! But please don't do it again mate!!!" Speaking after the fight, Flintoff admitted that he found boxing to be a tougher sport than cricket. He said, "I didn't expect him to catch me with a left hook, but I've got a good chin so I got back up again." Flintoff also revealed that he took up boxing to prove himself, and not necessarily to become a professional boxer. Flintoff's debut fight was watched by a packed audience in Manchester, many of whom were cricket fans who turned up to see a former cricket legend take on a new challenge. Despite his lack of experience in the boxing ring, Flintoff appeared to be in top physical condition, with his stamina and endurance being credited as key factors in his victory. While some have criticized Flintoff's decision to step into the ring, others have praised him for his courage and determination. Many feel that his victory will encourage others to take up challenges and explore new opportunities. One thing is for sure - Flintoff has demonstrated that he is not afraid to take risks and push boundaries, whether on the cricket pitch or in the boxing ring.