article: By . James Rush . This public toilet is clearly not for everybody desperate to spend a penny. The local council has been flooded with complaints from larger locals who say they are unable to get through the 20-inch doors to access the facility. Authorities in the city of Chengdu in southwest China's Sichuan province, said they decided to install the toilet there more than 20 years ago because of an urgent need for more public facilities. A city council in China has been flooded with complaints from larger locals who have said they are unable to get through the thin doors of these toilets . But they claim it has only become more of a problem because people are now more overweight. There is only enough space in the corridor for a single person to go in and out of the toilet at any one time, while queues can form during winter as people try to force themselves in while wearing thick jumpers and woolly coats. Local council official Guang Yao, whose department operates the toilet, said they had decided to put the toilet there two decades ago because there was an urgent need for more public facilities but there was very little space. He said: 'It was less of a problem then because people were not so overweight as they are now, and there was not so many people using it so they had time to come in and go out. There is only enough space in the corridor for a single person to go in and out of the toilet at any one time, while queues can form during winter as people try to force themselves in while wearing thick jumpers and woolly coats . 'We have tried several times to modify the toilet to make it more convenient but there really is not space to do very much, and we decided to leave it because it's better to have a facility that some people can use occasionally rather than nothing at all. 'The bottom line is that land is very scarce here in the district and our options are very limited. 'Because there are a lot of residential properties here in the area a lot of people walk past, and the toilet is in great demand even if it's not available to everyone.'
highlights: Authorities in Chengdu, China, decided to install toilet there 20 years ago . They say it was less of a problem then as 'people were not so overweight' 'It's better to have a facility that some people can use occasionally rather than nothing at all', they claim .
id: 7b15a209c3c211567daa09094b3c26f116f8bff9
chatgpt: Chengdu, China - Authorities have decided to install a new toilet facility in the city after 20 years, citing the increasing number of overweight people. According to officials, the installation of the toilets was not a priority back then as the number of overweight people using public facilities was much lower. However, with the steady growth of China's economy and an improved standard of living, the number of overweight individuals has also increased significantly. This has caused problems with the existing facilities as they are not equipped to handle larger people. Officials in Chengdu have acknowledged the issue and are taking steps to address it by installing a new toilet facility. "It's better to have a facility that some people can use occasionally rather than nothing at all", they claim. They also believe that the new installation will alleviate the strain on existing facilities, which have been overloaded due to the increase in visitors to the city. The new toilet facility is set to be equipped with larger stalls and wider doors to accommodate overweight people. Additionally, it will be located in a central area of the city where it can easily be accessed by both locals and tourists. The decision to install a new toilet facility has been met with approval by many of the city's residents. "It's about time they did something about this problem," said one local resident. "It's not just about overweight people, but also about people with disabilities who need access to public facilities." The move is also in line with China's efforts to improve accessibility to facilities for persons with disabilities, which is enshrined in its Disability Law. The law requires the government to provide barrier-free access to public buildings, transportation, and other facilities for persons with disabilities. The installation of the new toilet facility is a positive step forward in ensuring accessibility for all individuals in Chengdu. It not only addresses the issue of overweight individuals but also serves as an indication of the government's commitment to providing equal opportunities for all, regardless of their size or ability.