article: David Cameron last night urged wobbling European leaders not to go soft on Vladimir Putin in the wake of a ‘ceasefire’ in Ukraine. At an EU summit in Brussels, the Prime Minister insisted Europe must stand firm in maintaining sanctions against Russia. His comments came after the leaders of Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany reached a deal to end the spiralling bloodshed in the region after a tense 17 hours of negotiations. Scroll down for video . Standing firm: Prime Minister David Cameron poses with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko ahead of an European Union summit in Brussels where he called on fellow leaders not to go soft on Vladimir Putin . Spiralling bloodshed: Ukrainian soldiers ride on armoured personnel carriers (APC) near Debaltseve, eastern Ukraine, after the leaders of Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany reached a ceasefire deal . Devastation: A man cooks on an open fire in Debaltseve, on the front line of Ukraine's civil war . Under the agreement in Minsk, a ceasefire will begin on Sunday and heavy weapons will be pulled back from the conflict zones in eastern Ukraine, with a buffer zone created between the frontlines. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the deal offered a ‘glimmer of hope’. However Mr Cameron adopted a more sceptical tone on last night’s apparent diplomatic breakthrough. 'If this is a genuine ceasefire, then of course that would be welcome,’ he said. ‘But what matters most of all is actually actions on the ground rather than just words on a piece of paper. ‘I think we should be very clear that [Russian President] Putin needs to know that unless his behaviour changes, the sanctions we have in place won’t be altered.’ However former British army chief Lord Dannatt told the Mail the deal was a ‘huge gain’ for Putin. He said there will now be two days of ‘frantic land grabbing’ from the separatists in Ukraine, who have ‘established territory’. UK officials agreed the ‘ceasefire’ should be treated with caution until there was proof that Putin meant to pull back. ‘We need to send a clear signal,’ said one British diplomat. Human cost: Civilians wounded by Ukrainian artillery shelling recover in a hospital in Donetsk . Several countries – including Greece, whose new far-Left government has been cosying up to Moscow – are understood to be seeking to unpick the embargoes put in place when Putin invaded Crimea. Meanwhile, fighting continued in eastern Ukraine last night as 50 tanks and 40 armoured vehicles crossed the border, Ukrainians claimed. █ Two Ukrainian MPs yesterday traded blows in the country’s parliament building. Yegor Sobolev was left with a bloody nose after the 30-second brawl with Vadim Ivchenko, which was allegedly over an anti-corruption bill being discussed.
highlights: Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany agreed ceasefire terms in Minsk . Fighting will stop on Sunday and heavy weapons will be pulled back . But David Cameron says 'only actions on the ground will matter' Former  army chief Lord Dannatt says the deal was a ‘huge gain’ for Putin .
id: b981ba7caa0bcb4838de8157c12e4507b08e6f45
chatgpt: Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany have finally agreed to ceasefire terms after months of violent clashes in the eastern region of Ukraine. The agreement was made on Thursday night during a summit in Minsk. The deal was hailed by many as a major breakthrough, however, British Prime Minister, David Cameron said that "only actions on the ground will matter".  The ceasefire agreement will come into effect on Sunday, and both the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebels have promised to stop fighting. In addition, both sides have agreed to pull back heavy weapons from the frontline. The hours of talks in Minsk resulted in a 13-point peace plan being agreed, which includes the creation of a 50km buffer zone, Ukraine regaining control of its borders and the release of prisoners of war.  Although many have praised the ceasefire agreement, some experts have expressed skepticism. Lord Dannatt, former British Army Chief, called the deal a "huge gain" for Russia's President, Vladimir Putin. According to Lord Dannatt, Putin had achieved his aim of legitimising the actions of the pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.  Meanwhile, leaders of Ukraine, France and Germany welcomed the ceasefire agreement. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said he hoped this would be the start of a "window of opportunity" to bring lasting peace to the region. French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the ceasefire offered a chance for peace based on respecting Ukraine's territorial integrity. The ceasefire agreement comes at a time when the Ukrainian government forces were making significant gains in the eastern region, with the capture of a strategic rail hub. Thousands of people have been killed in the conflict in eastern Ukraine, which started in April 2014, shortly after Russia annexed Crimea.  This agreement has raised hopes for peace in the region, but after months of fighting, many are still skeptical. The ceasefire needs to be monitored closely, and any ceasefire violations must be rapidly addressed.  In conclusion, the ceasefire agreement in Minsk marks a potential turning point in this months-long conflict. Hopefully, it will provide a glimmer of hope for a peaceful resolution. However, only time will tell if this agreement will be successful in achieving lasting peace in eastern Ukraine.