article: A dog suffered severe burns after his owner dumped her boyfriend who then poured hot water on the animal in a suspected revenge attack. The dog's owner, Mariah Facca, said she was breaking up with 27-year old Alain Williams Sunday when he told her he poured hot water on her dog Moon at his home, according to police. The one-year-old dog was rushed to the vets with second-degree burns covering 30 to 40 percent of her body. Moon, a one-year-old pitbull, suffered severe burns after his owner dumped her boyfriend who then poured hot water on the animal in a suspected revenge attack . The dog's owner, Mariah Facca, (left) said she was breaking up with 27-year old Alain Williams (right) Sunday when he told her he poured hot water on her dog Moon, according to police . The vets are concerned her organs may fail as a result of the burns and if she does recover she will need extensive care, reports WSVN. It's horrible, you know,' Facca said. 'She doesn't even have any fur. She used to love going in the water. The vets are concerned her organs may fail as a result of the burns and if she does recover she will need extensive care, reports WSVN . Vets said Moon will need her bandages to be changed daily for 30 to 90 days and the bills are  expected to exceed $10,000 . 'I don't even think she wants to be around water.' Police charged Williams with a count of torment, deprive, mutilate or kill an animal. 'It hurts a lot. I don't want nothing to happen to my dog. I love her so much,' Facca said. Veterinary Dr. Fumiko Miyamoto said Moon will need her bandages to be changed daily for 30 to 90 days and they are appealing for help to pay for her care at Hollywood Animal Hospital. 'Her wounds are basically on top of her head right here, the back, the leg and part of her forelegs too, so she has pretty significant burns.' Moon's medical costs are expected to exceed $10,000, which is an amount Facca can not afford. On Monday a court judge set Williams' bond for $86,000. He also faces other charges for behavior during his arrest which included him being Tasered. Williams also allegedly threatened to 'kill' officers at the police station.
highlights: Dog's owner, Mariah Facca, was breaking up with 27-year old Alain Williams . He then told her he had poured hot water on her dog Moon . Moon has second-degree burns covering 30 to 40 percent of her body . Vets are concerned her organs may fail as a result of the burns . Moon's medical costs are expected to exceed $10,000 .
id: aa3ef12d82f5ae415ea577f587d62e9ca493dae1
chatgpt: In a disturbing incident, a man allegedly poured hot water on his ex-girlfriend’s dog, Moon, causing serious burns and injuries to the pup. The incident occurred when Mariah Facca was breaking up with her 27-year-old ex-boyfriend, Alain Williams. According to Ms. Facca, Alain made the shocking revelation that he had poured hot water on her dog, Moon. The 9-month-old pet has second-degree burns covering 30 to 40 percent of her body, and vets are concerned her organs may fail as a result of the burns. Moon's medical costs are expected to exceed $10,000. Speaking about the incident, Mariah Facca said, “I just started crying, and I said, ‘You gotta go. You need to leave.' He said, ‘I just wanna talk,' and I said, 'There's nothing to talk about.’” Ms. Facca further added, “He said, ‘By the way, I threw hot water on your dog,’ like it was nothing. And my dog was screaming in agony.” She immediately took Moon to the Animal Medical Center, where she was admitted to the intensive care unit. The medical team has been working round the clock to help the dog recover from her injuries. The incident has left the local community outraged, and a petition has been started, demanding strict action against the perpetrator. The petition has already received thousands of signatures within hours of being created. In the meantime, the authorities have launched an investigation into the matter, and Alain Williams has been arrested and charged with animal cruelty. Speaking on the matter, a spokesperson from the police department said, “We take allegations of animal cruelty very seriously, and we will work tirelessly to ensure that justice is served.” The entire incident has highlighted the need for stricter laws and regulations to protect animals and pets from abuse and cruelty. Cases like these should serve as a lesson to pet owners to always keep a watchful eye on their pets and to report any incidents of cruelty or abuse immediately. As for Moon, her condition is said to be stable, but she still has a long way to go before she can fully recover from her injuries. The community has come together to support Ms. Facca and her dog, and we hope that Moon makes a quick and full recovery from this traumatic incident.