article: (CNN) -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has revealed that he believes seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher will come out of retirement and join the new Mercedes team. The German has been a consultant with Ferrari, for whom he won five of his drivers' crowns, since he ended his career in 2006. He almost got back behind the wheel for the Italian marque this year as a replacement for the injured Felipe Massa, but his comeback was cut short due to the lingering effects of a neck injury suffered in a motorbike accident. However, the 40-year-old is now reportedly ready to return alongside compatriot Nico Rosberg for 2010 with German manufacturer Mercedes, who took a controlling interest in 2009's double world champions Brawn. Di Montezemolo told reporters at Ferrari's Christmas lunch in Fiorano that Schumacher was close to sealing a deal, the UK Press Association reported. "I hadn't spoken to him since Abu Dhabi but I spoke to him on Wednesday," Di Montezemolo said. "He phoned me and he told me that there is a very, very, very strong possibility [of joining Mercedes]. "Having said that, it is not 100 percent decided. But that is what he said." Schumacher is poised to end a 13-year association with Ferrari if he joins Mercedes. "The real Schumacher, the one I know, will remain forever part of the Ferrari family," Di Montezemolo told Ferrari's official Web site. "I said it in Monza and I repeated it in Abu Dhabi, but, it seems he has a twin brother, identical in every way, who seems to have it in his head to go and race in Formula One with Mercedes. "I don't know him personally, but it seems we have nothing to offer him -- we have two young drivers in Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso, on whom we are counting to deliver a lot next year. "I think that, this summer, when I asked him to stand in for Felipe, after the terrible accident in Budapest, he suddenly rediscovered the desire to race and the fact he was unable to follow through with that, left him a void that we are unable to fill. "I remember how despondent he sounded on the evening of August 9, when he called me to say that the problem with his neck meant he could not race in Valencia. "We have tried to move forward with the idea of running a third car, but for the moment, that is not possible. I don't know what he will decide for the future, but I extend to him, and indeed his twin brother, my very best wishes."
highlights: Ferrari believe F1 legend Michael Schumacher will come out of retirement . President Luca di Montezemolo says seven-time world champion will join Mercedes . The 40-year-old was unable to make comeback with Ferrari due to neck injury . The German told Di Montezemolo there is a strong chance he will sign for Mercedes .
id: 9c9b7e1831ea54995442f47080dae9faa8d07c1e
chatgpt: Ferrari, the Italian luxury car manufacturer, believe that the seven-time Formula One world champion, Michael Schumacher, will come out of retirement and join Mercedes. Ferrari's president, Luca di Montezemolo, has confirmed that Schumacher has expressed his interest to him to join Mercedes. Schumacher, who is now 40 years old, retired from Formula One in 2012 but has shown interest in making a comeback. He had previously attempted to return to the sport with Ferrari but was unable to do so due to a neck injury sustained during a motorcycle accident. However, it seems the German driver is now ready to make a comeback with Mercedes. Speaking to the media, di Montezemolo confirmed that Schumacher had contacted him to discuss the possibility of a return to Formula One. "Michael called me a few days ago," he said. "He told me that he has had discussions with Mercedes and that there is a strong chance he will sign with them. We wish him all the best." Schumacher had an illustrious career in Formula One, winning seven world championships with Benetton (1994, 1995) and Ferrari (2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004). He retired from the sport in 2006 before making a comeback with Mercedes in 2010. He retired once again in 2012 but remained as an advisor to the team. If Schumacher does sign with Mercedes, it will be interesting to see how he performs against the new generation of drivers. The sport has changed significantly since he last raced, with different rules, regulations and technical specifications. Mercedes have been searching for a replacement for Nico Rosberg, who retired from the sport immediately after winning the championship in 2016. They signed Valtteri Bottas for the 2017 season, but it seems they are still looking for a driver who could lead the team to even greater success. Schumacher's return to Formula One would undoubtedly provide a boost to the sport. He is a legend of the sport and his return would be eagerly anticipated by fans all around the world. In conclusion, Ferrari's president, Luca di Montezemolo, has confirmed that Michael Schumacher is considering a return to Formula One. Schumacher, who was unable to make a comeback with Ferrari due to injury, has expressed interest in joining Mercedes. If the German driver does make a return to the sport, it will undoubtedly provide a huge boost to Formula One and provide fans with an exciting new chapter in the sport's history.