article: By . Jim Norton . Insurers and banks are sending customers reems of terms and conditions, with more words than Shakespeare's Macbeth, which is 19,000 words long . Insurers and banks have come under attack for sending customers reams of unnecessary policy documents that are even longer than Macbeth. Nearly three quarters of consumers admitted to not reading all of their policy documents or T&Cs because they were too long. While only 17 per cent of people who did read it in full said they understood it, according to the survey of more than 2,000 people. Consumer group Fairer Finance, who commissioned the survey, has launched a campaign against the book-length policy documents that are riddled with legalese and jargon. Several terms and conditions sent out to customers were found to be nearly twice the length of Shakespeare’s Macbeth - which is 19,000 words long. Analysis by Fairer Finance found HSBC topped the table for the longest bank account T&Cs at just over 34,000 words long - almost 5,000 words longer than John Steinbeck’s Of Mice and Men. The shortest in the sector was Nationwide’s, though it still weighed in at a hefty 11,000 words. In car insurance, Endsleigh has the dubious honour of longest motor policy with more than 37,000 words - just a few hundred words shy of Joseph Conrad’s Heart of Darkness. While Sheila’s Wheels, Esure and M&S Bank all had policy documents of over 30,000 words - longer than George Orwell’s Animal Farm. The shortest in the sector was LV with just under 7,000 words. James Daley, founder and managing director of Fairer Finance, said all banks and insurers should make documents more accessible and do away with small print that is riddled with legalese and jargon. He said: ‘If next to no one is reading terms and conditions, and even those who do are struggling to understand them, then what exactly is the point of these documents? ‘Of course it’s important that customers know what’s covered and what isn’t in their insurance policy, but if one company can do the job in less than 7,000 words, there’s no excuse for insurers who are producing documents that are five times as long. HSBC's terms and conditions were among the longest, the survey found, totalling 34,000 words .
highlights: Nearly 75 per cent of customers admit not reading policy documents . Consumer group has launched campaign against length of T&Cs . HSBC was worst offending bank with more than 34,000 words . Shakespeare's play Macbeth is 19,000 words long in comparison .
id: 2c4cb3ef9008e324ddc8d2603f6c845f7535e75c
chatgpt: A recent study of customer behavior revealed that nearly 75% of all customers admit to not reading policy documents. Whether it's the terms and conditions for new cell phone service or the complex agreements associated with a new bank account, these documents are often long, complicated, and difficult to understand. This revelation has led a consumer group to launch a new campaign aimed at reducing the length of these legal documents. The group, known as the Consumer Advocacy Alliance, is calling for companies to streamline their policies and make them more palatable for consumers. The Alliance's research revealed that one of the worst offenders when it comes to convoluted policies is HSBC, the international banking giant. Their policy document was measured to be over 34,000 words in length, putting it on par with a novella or a short book. By comparison, William Shakespeare's play Macbeth is only 19,000 words long. The Alliance has launched a new website designed to help customers better understand complex policies. The site features simplified summaries of a variety of agreements, along with tips on how to read and interpret legal language. Many industry experts have welcomed the Alliance's campaign, saying that overly complicated policies can lead to misunderstandings and disputes down the line. They also agree that policies can be hard to read, with language often written in legalese that is difficult for non-lawyers to parse. There is, however, some resistance to the notion of simplifying policies. Proponents of lengthy policies argue that they are necessary to provide customers with all the information they need to make informed decisions. They say that shortening policies could lead to a lack of transparency and an increase in legal disputes. Despite the potential challenges, the Consumer Advocacy Alliance remains committed to its mission of simplifying policies and educating consumers. They argue that customers should not have to wade through thousands of words of legalese just to understand the terms of a contract. Instead, policies should be clear, concise, and readily accessible to everyone. As industries around the world continue to grapple with the complexities of policy language, it remains to be seen whether the Consumer Advocacy Alliance's campaign will be successful. But one thing is certain – the issue of overly complicated policies is one that is unlikely to go away anytime soon.