article: By . Chris Paine . Well you don't see THIS every day. A hybrid part-sheep, part-goat animal - or 'geep' - has been born on a farm in Ballymore Eustace in Ireland's County Kildare. The proud lamb/kid's owner, Paddy Murphy, has described his farm's newest addition as 'unbelievable' and 'an unusual character'. Scroll down for video . The as yet un-named geep, left, with its mother on Paddy Murphy's farm in Ballymore Eustace, Co Kildare . Not planned, and certainly 'unusual': Farmer Paddy Murphy is the proud owner of a new hybrid part-sheep, part goat . Mr Murphy didn't plan rare geep, either, and said it was the accidental product of a union between a goat and a Cheviot ewe - something he spotted with his own eyes five months ago. But he forgot all about it - until now. 'I've never seen anything like him before,' he said, BBC World reports. '[It's a] pure shock to the system... a one-off.' The little geep is quick, too, Mr Murphy says, and the other farm animals are struggling to keep up with the little guy. 'He's so fast you'd have to get him into the pen to catch him,' he said. Mr Murphy says he plans to raise the 'geep' more as a lamb than a goat, though it's developing horns . The little geep is quick, too, Mr Murphy says, and the other farm animals are struggling to keep up with the little guy . 'There's no chance you would catch him otherwise. 'He's unbelievable.' You can say that again. Mr Murphy says he plans to raise the 'geep' more as a lamb than a goat, though it's developing horns. And for now, he's just calling him the 'geep'. 'We've no name set up yet, no,' he added. 'We might look for one.'
highlights: Paddy Murphy raising a part-sheep, part-goat on farm in Ballymore Eustace . Murphy saw a goat mating with a ewe months ago but forgot... until now . The 'geep' is healthy and quicker than the farm's other lambs .
id: 0b76041d1e5d5d4f97601c829f7050c6c8f9e199
chatgpt: A farmer in Ireland has surprised his neighbours and colleagues by raising a part-sheep, part-goat on his farm in Ballymore Eustace. Paddy Murphy has been farming for more than 20 years and has never seen anything like the “geep” he discovered in his flock. Murphy says he saw a goat mating with a ewe several months back, but forgot about it until recently. When he noticed the unique animal mixing in with his other lambs, he was startled. He had to consult with other farmers to figure out what the animal was. While a rare occurrence, it is not unheard of for a sheep and goat to mate. However, it is unusual for the offspring to survive. Murphy's geep, which is mostly sheep apart from a goat's feet, is healthy and quicker than the farm's other lambs. The gender of the geep could not be determined at the time of writing, but should it be a female and able to reproduce, experts say it is unlikely the lamb/goat hybrid would name a new breed. In fact, such creatures typically can't produce offspring like themselves. The farm is situated in a rural landscape and provides a secluded area for the rare animal to grow in safety. Murphy admits that he has never seen or heard of anything like this before in his life, and it is a cause for great curiosity in his hometown. The geep is becoming famous! Though not considered valuable for its commercial appeal, geeps are subject to curiosity and interest from visitors and curious onlookers. According to reports, Murphy intends to keep the geep as a pet on his farm, where he can be sure the animal will have a long and happy life.