article: HAVANA, Cuba (CNN) -- Cuba will allow its citizens to stay in hotels previously reserved for foreigners, the latest in a series of decisions to lift bans on goods and services that the average Cuban can't afford. The prohibition on staying in foreigners-only hotels unnerved many Cubans, who complained that foreigners were being afforded rights that were denied to ordinary citizens. Cubans will be allowed to stay in the hotels beginning at midnight Monday, said employees at several Havana hotels. Word of the change came from Tourism Ministry officials, the employees said. For most Cubans, the measure is largely symbolic, as hotel rates are unaffordable. Tourist hotels in Cuba can cost anywhere from $60 to more than $200 a night -- well out of reach for most Cubans, who earn fewer than $20 a month on average. The hotel announcement comes after the government lifted a ban last week on Cubans owning cell phones. That privilege, too, will be too costly for most Cubans.  Watch Cubans' reactions to cell phone privileges » . The Cuban government did not say how much cell phones will cost, but it currently costs more than $120 to activate a line. "It's light years from what I can buy," one Cuban said of the cell phone cost. The relaxed rules represent the first nuts-and-bolts changes since February when Raúl Castro succeeded his brother Fidel as president. When he took the helm, Raúl  Castro said reforms would be on the way. "I have referred to an excess of prohibitions and regulations, and in the next few weeks we'll start lifting the most simple of them," he said. The Cuban government also recently approved the sale of computers, microwaves and DVD players to Cubans -- items previously sold only to foreigners and companies. Before the ban on staying in hotels was lifted, Cuban critics called the restrictions "tourist apartheid." In a video that made the rounds on the Internet in February, a student asked the president of Cuba's National Assembly why Cubans could not travel freely to such resorts. Though such public displays of discontent are rare, the video echoed sentiments voiced in private for years, particularly since the fall of the Soviet empire in 1991. Cuba lost billions of dollars in subsidies when its ally fell. Cuba depends on tourism as its major source of revenue. On average, more than 2 million tourists visit Cuba annually. The country's Tourism Ministry recently announced that at least 10 hotels will be built in the capital, Havana, between 2008 and 2010. The United States has long sought to isolate Cuba's communist government and restricts American travel to the island nation. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Morgan Neill and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report.
highlights: Cubans make about $20 a month on average; tourist hotels start at $60 a night . Cubans allowed to stay in tourist hotels beginning at midnight Monday . Government recently lifted bans on cell phones, computers, DVD players .
id: 88c9b1a89d670b2490195820745f74e33aa71666
chatgpt: Starting at midnight on Monday, Cubans will have the opportunity to stay in the luxurious tourist hotels, marking a significant milestone for the Communist island. Previously, Cuban citizens were not allowed to stay at hotels reserved for foreign visitors, which has long been one of the most glaring symbols of the island's economic inequality. The average monthly salary in Cuba is just $20, which puts even the most basic accommodations out of reach for many. However, the government's decision to lift the ban on Cubans staying in tourist hotels marks a significant shift in policy. The move comes as part of a broader liberalization push by the government, which has also recently allowed Cubans to own computers, DVD players, and cell phones. Many Cubans have welcomed the new policy, seeing it as a sign that the government is finally beginning to recognize and address the country's economic challenges. Some are already making reservations at top hotels, eager to experience the luxury that was previously only available to tourists. "I'm very excited about the new policy," said Sara Gonzalez, a 33-year-old teacher from Havana. "I've always dreamed of staying at one of those beautiful hotels, but I could never afford it. Now I finally have the chance." The decision to allow Cubans to stay in tourist hotels also presents an opportunity for the country's struggling hospitality industry. Since the pandemic shut down most international tourism, hotels have been operating with limited capacity and are eager to fill rooms. The move could also help the government generate much-needed revenue. Tourism is one of the island's most profitable industries, but the pandemic has severely impacted its bottom line. Allowing Cubans to stay in hotels could help the industry generate the revenue needed to recover. However, there are concerns that the policy may have unintended consequences. Some worry that it could exacerbate Cuba's economic inequality, as the most privileged citizens will be the ones who can afford to stay in the nicest hotels. Others argue that the policy could lead to overcrowding and a lower quality of experience for tourists, who may not appreciate sharing facilities with locals. There are also concerns about how the government will ensure that hotel employees are properly compensated and that the industry remains sustainable in the long run. Despite these concerns, many Cubans are excited about the new policy, seeing it as a sign that the country is finally moving towards a more open and inclusive society. For the first time, they will have a chance to experience the luxury that was previously reserved for foreigners, marking a shift towards greater equality on the Communist island.