article: By . Freya Noble . After a game of schoolyard football took a nasty turn last week, one teenager was left with such a severe injury he had to be rushed to hospital. The school maintain when James Webb disfigured his right arm after he snapped the two bones in his forearm, it was an unfortunate accident, but the 13-year-old's mother thinks something more sinister was at play. Photographs show James' forearm completely warped and bent as though it was made from play-doh. James Webb snapped both bones in his forearm after a game of schoolyard football turned nasty . The x-ray revealed the teenager had completely snapped both his radius and ulna, the two main bones that make up the forearms. Vikki Webb told The Northern Star her son was targeted by bullies who had set out to deliberately injure him during a game of 'grab football' last Tuesday. A group of year 7 students at Ballina High School were taking part in the game at recess, when they began swinging James around by his arm, Ms Webb said. James was then apparently pinned to the ground while another boy jumped on top of him, which is when onlookers are said to have heard the loud snap of his arm breaking. The teenager's mother said her son was a victim of a violent and unprovoked attack from bullies . While still on James' back with his arms around his neck, the boy then allegedly kicked the victim's broken arm - sending it flying in the opposite direction. Ms Webb said her son doesn't remember anything about the incident, which is where the conflicting stories arise. However after speaking to onlookers the boy's mother reached the conclusion that the attack was deliberate and unprovoked. One student told Ms Webb the attacker laughed during the incident and said the whole ordeal was 'fun'. The x-ray revealed James had snapped his forearm after another student allegedly jumped on his back and kicked his broken arm . A spokesman for the Department of Education, on behalf of Ballina High School, told the publication that the accident occurred when James was pushed over and other student fell on top of him. 'The evidence of student and staff reports does not suggest a deliberate attempt to break the victim's arm,' the spokesperson said. A formal complaint had been made to police and the investigation is ongoing, while James' alleged attacker had been suspended for four days.
highlights: James Webb snapped his forearm in a schoolyard football game last week . The teenager's mum says he was targeted by bullies and it was no accident . Ballina High School maintains the injury was not deliberately inflicted . Onlooker told James' mother the alleged attack said incident was 'fun'
id: 5906e805040528d8f559ffca0e182860a48ff146
chatgpt: A seemingly innocent football game in the schoolyard turned traumatic for a 14-year-old boy, James Webb, who snapped his forearm during the game. As the news of the incident made the rounds, his mother alleged that he was deliberately targeted by bullies, and it was no accident. The incident occurred last week at Ballina High School, where James, a freshman, was playing football with his classmates during their lunch break. While many students engaged in the game, things took a turn for the worse when James was tackled while trying to score a goal, resulting in a severe injury to his forearm. According to James' mother, he was targeted by bullies who intentionally aimed for his arm. The horrified mother claimed that the incident was not an accident and that her son had been singled out as the victim of bullying. The school administration, however, maintains that the injury was not deliberately inflicted. In a statement, the school confirmed that an incident had occurred and that James had been immediately attended to by the school nurse. "Ballina High School is aware of an incident that occurred on our school grounds last week, which resulted in a student being injured during a lunchtime football match. We can confirm that the student was attended to immediately by our school nurse and then transported to a nearby hospital," the statement read. Nevertheless, the incident has raised concerns about bullying in schools and the safety of students on campus. James' mother has told the media that she will not let the matter rest until the perpetrators are identified and brought to justice. She also alleged that an onlooker told her that the alleged attack was "fun," adding weight to her suspicion that the incident was deliberate. The school, on the other hand, has stated that it takes all allegations of bullying seriously and will investigate the matter thoroughly. However, it has also called for calm and restraint while the investigations are being conducted. "We take all allegations of bullying very seriously and will investigate this incident fully. However, while the investigations are underway, we ask for calm and restraint from all parties involved," the school said. The incident has once again raised questions about the safety of students in schools and the measures that need to be put in place to ensure their well-being. Parents and teachers alike are calling for more vigilance and stricter rules to prevent such incidents from happening again in the future. As for James, he is recovering from his injuries and is reported to be in good spirits. However, the emotional scars of the incident may take longer to heal as he tries to come to terms with what happened to him.