article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:53 EST, 6 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 00:11 EST, 7 March 2014 . A Georgia Tech graduate student who set himself on fire while apparently experimenting with bomb-making elements in his apartment last month has died, officials confirmed Thursday. Saamer Akhshabi, an Iranian national, had burns on more than 90 percent of his body following the February 4 explosion in his apartment near the university, where Akhshabi was studying in the College of Computing. Law enforcement officials investigating the case found in Akhshabi's apartment an apparent Molotov Cocktail and multiple plastic bottles filled with gasoline and kerosene. Mystery: Authorities still don't know what Saamer Akhshabi was doing with bomb-making materials in his apartment . Charred: This was the scene outside of Akhshabi's apartment after an explosion caused by materials used to make Molotov Cocktails . Following the explosion, 26-year-old Akhshabi was taken in critical condition to Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, where he died on Thursday. 'We have worked closely with other law enforcement agencies during the . investigation of this tragic incident,' Robert Connolly, interim police . chief for Georgia Tech, said in an emailed statement to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. 'The FBI has . relayed that, to date, they have not developed any information or . evidence indicating criminal intent in this investigation.' Law enforcement officials determined that Akhshabi wasn't a threat to the Georgia Tech community, but it remains unclear what he planned to do with the explosive material found in his apartment. Fuel: Authorities found multiple containers filled with gasoline and kerosene inside of Akhshabi's apartment . According to his page on the Georgia Tech website, Akhshabi has been enrolled at the university since 2009 and was scheduled to graduate in May. Akhshabi earned his undergraduate degree at the University of Tehran ins his native Iran. Boom: Molotov Cocktails are made of bottles filled with a flammable fuel with a wick typically made from rags . 'Saamer's initial prognosis was very bad, but he fought for more than a month,' Zvi Galil, dean of the college of computing, said in a story on the Institute's website. 'Our faculty and students visited him regularly, often staying for hours at a time. This was an excellent, promising student, and all of us in the college deeply mourn him.' According to the AJC, the College of Computing at Georgia Tech is raising money to help Akhshabi's parents return his body to Iran.
highlights: Saamer Akhshabi was a graduate student in the university's College of Computing . Authorities found gasoline and kerosene in several plastic containers in Akhshabi's apartment after the February 4 explosion . Akhshabi had burns over 90 percent of his body . Authorities aren't sure why he had the bomb-making materials in his apartment .
id: d2aa1cc9a30fd8ddedfcc8aa23e4573c264f7385
chatgpt: A graduate student at the College of Computing in the University has been involved in a tragedy that has shaken the entire community. Saamer Akhshabi was discovered with severe burns on over 90 percent of his body on February 4. The authorities that had rushed to his apartment found gasoline and kerosene stored in several plastic containers. It is believed that the containers containing the gasoline and kerosene were used in the making of a bomb. However, the authorities are yet to ascertain what made Saamer want to create such an explosive in his apartment. He was a graduate student who had been pursuing studies in Computing and was seen as a diligent and intelligent prospect in the field. The explosion occurred in the early hours of February 4, and it caused significant damages to the apartment complex, where Saamer lived. The blast was so intense that it could have caused multiple deaths, but the fact that it was early in the morning, when most of the residents were asleep, saved them from harm. Saamer was taken to the hospital right after the explosion, and authorities have been trying to establish why he had the bomb-making material in his apartment. They believe that he might have been working on a project that involved the use of such materials. However, they have also not dismissed the possibility of foul play, as they continue their investigation. The tragedy has left the College of Computing in shock, as students and faculty members mourn the loss of one of their own. A memorial service was held in honor of Saamer, where friends and colleagues remembered him as a brilliant student who had a bright future ahead of him. The University has also reached out to the family and friends of Saamer, offering support and counseling to deal with the loss. The incident has raised questions about the safety of students and the need for stricter security measures in the housing facilities provided by the University. The authorities are continuing their investigation into the incident, and they hope to unravel the circumstances that led to the creation of the bomb that caused the tragic explosion. As they work to uncover the truth, the community at the University remains somber in the wake of this great loss.