article: By . Kate Lyons For Daily Mail Australia . Another suspected jihadist has been able to leave the country using his brother's passport, in an embarrassing blunder for Sydney border security. A 19-year-old man from Kellyville in Sydney's west was able to leave Sydney airport last week on his brother's passport, boarding a plane for the United Arab Emirates. It is believed he was going to join jihadist fighters in the Middle East. Khaled Sharrouf (left) who posted a photograph of his young son holding a decapitated head (right) was able to leave Australia to join jihadist fighters in Syria last December using his brother's passport . The blunder is reminiscent of the security lapse that allowed Khaled Sharrouf, the terrorist currently fighting with jihadists in Syria who has posted horrifying photographs of himself and his seven-year-old son holding up decapitated heads to social media, to leave the country. He departed Sydney airport last December using the passport of his brother Mostafa Sharrouf. The 19-year-old Kellyville man was arrested by police upon arrival in the United Arab Emirates and deported to Australia, where he was met by Federal Police, reported The Daily Telegraph. He faced court on Wednesday where he faced was charged with using a passport not issued to him, but he was not charged with any terrorism-related crimes. The man, who is believed to come from Afghanistan, remains in custody and has not applied for bail. His case has been adjourned until October. It is believed that up to 150 Australians are currently fighting in Iraqi and Syrian warzones. Prime Minister Tony Abbott yesterday visited Australian forces in the United Arab Emirates, who are involved in dropping aid into northern Iraq as part of an international humanitarian effort. A Sydney teenager, believed to be on his way to join jihadist fighters in the Middle East, was able to leave the country last week using his brother's passport . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Sydney man left Australia using his brother's passport last week . He flew to the United Arab Emirates and it is believed he was going to join jihadist fighting in the Middle East . He was arrested and deported to Australia, where he faced court this week . Incident is similar to blunder that allowed Khaled Sharrouf to leave the country in December using his brother's passport to join fighting in Syria .
id: 3642bac73cb7ef28047dc29bb9298334d2635ad8
chatgpt: A Sydney man who attempted to join jihadist fighting in the Middle East has been deported back to Australia. It is believed that he left the country using his brother's passport and flew to the United Arab Emirates. The incident bears striking similarities to the case of Khaled Sharrouf, who also used his brother's passport to leave Australia in December in order to join fighting in Syria. The man's attempts to travel to the Middle East were thwarted when he was arrested in the United Arab Emirates. He was then returned to Australia, where he appeared in court this week. It is not yet known what the man's intentions were in joining the jihadist fighting in the Middle East, but authorities are taking this incident very seriously. The fact that he managed to leave the country using his brother's passport is also of great concern. The use of false identities is believed to be a common tactic of those seeking to join extremist organizations. It allows them to travel unnoticed and evade detection by law enforcement agencies. Australian authorities have been working to tighten up passport regulations in order to prevent this type of incident from occurring, yet it appears that more needs to be done. This latest incident comes just months after the case of Khaled Sharrouf, who also used his brother's passport to leave Australia and join fighting in Syria. Sharrouf was a notorious figure who gained international notoriety for his actions in the Middle East. He was believed to have been killed in a drone strike in 2017, although his death has never been officially confirmed. The Australian government has been taking steps to crack down on citizens who attempt to join extremist groups, but the use of false identities makes this a difficult task. The fact that another individual has managed to leave the country undetected is clearly a cause for concern, and authorities will need to redouble their efforts to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. In the meantime, the man who attempted to join jihadist fighting in the Middle East using his brother's passport will face a trial in Australia. It remains to be seen what the outcome of this trial will be, but the incident serves as a sobering reminder of the ongoing threat posed by extremist groups and the challenges facing law enforcement agencies in preventing their spread.