article: By . Lydia Warren For Mailonline . A quick-thinking state trooper has saved a suicidal man after spotting him just as he was about to jump off a bridge. Video taken by the camera on Maryland State Trooper Joshua Kim's cruiser recorded the dramatic moment he ran towards the man and pulled him away as he tried to climb over the edge. The heroic rescue came after Kim saw the man walking along the road while he drove across the Millard E. Tydings Memorial . Bridge over the Susquehanna River on Saturday. Kim also saw a parked car so he turned around to check on the man. Scroll down for video . In danger: A Maryland State Trooper spotted this man standing near the edge of the Millard E. Tydings Memorial Bridge and approached him. The man can be seen trying to wave him on . Quick thinking: But as the trooper climbs out of his cruiser, the man goes to jump off the side of the bridge . As the cruiser slows down, the video shows the man apparently dismissing him with his hand before starting to climb over the wall. But Kim is quick on his feet and runs towards the man, grabbing him around the chest and pulling him backwards away from the edge. 'Most of what you see in that video is me . thinking on my own, because I didn't want to go over the bridge with . him, so I got down on my knees and pulled him back,' Kim told WBAL. Both men fall on the ground and Kim is able to put handcuffs on him for his own safety, the video shows. The man, who told Kim he had been thinking about jumping off the bridge for about an hour after struggling with medical issues and problems with his daughter, was not charged. Tackle: He grabs him and pulls him back from the edge just moments before the man would have jumped . Saved: He pulls the man to the ground. He later revealed he was suffering medical problems and was having problems with his daughter and had been thinking about jumping off the bridge for an hour . The trooper took him to Hartford Memorial Hospital, where he is being evaluated. Kim has been a trooper for two years and this is the first time he has saved a person's life, Maryland State police spokeswoman Elena Russo told the Havre De Grace Patch. 'It could have been tragic for both of . them,' Russo said. 'It took a lot of courage putting his own life in danger.' The video was shared on YouTube and the Maryland State Police's Facebook page, where viewers praised the trooper for his work. 'Our heroes at work!!' one wrote. 'Fantastic response and reaction. Trooper, thank God you were in the right place at the right time. I pray for this gentleman - I pray that he receives the help that he needs.'
highlights: Maryland State Trooper Joshua Kim spotted the man on the Millard E Tydings Memorial Bridge on Saturday and turned around to check on him . As he approached him, the man can be seen trying to climb over the edge but Kim pulls him back and to the ground just in time . The man said he had been struggling with health issues and problems with his daughter; he was taken to hospital for evaluation . For confidential support in the U.S., call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-825 . In the UK, contact the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch. See www.samaritans.org for details .
id: f87b5f88d909a820238ac14619aea672f2b477df
chatgpt: Maryland State Trooper Joshua Kim was on patrol on Saturday when he spotted a man on the Millard E Tydings Memorial Bridge. Acting quickly, Kim turned his vehicle around and drove back to check on the man who appeared to be in a dangerous position.  As he approached, the man could be seen trying to climb over the edge of the bridge. Without hesitation, Kim pulled the man back and to the ground, preventing a potential tragedy. It was a split-second decision that saved a life. In an interview with a local news outlet, Trooper Kim described the incident as "scary" and said that he was just glad that he was able to help the man. The man, whose identity has not been disclosed, told authorities that he had been struggling with health issues and problems with his daughter. The Maryland State Police department issued a statement praising Trooper Kim for his bravery and quick thinking. "Troopers are called upon to respond to all types of incidents and situations, and it takes a special kind of person to be able to handle them all with the calm and professionalism displayed by Trooper Kim on this occasion," the statement read. The man was taken to the hospital for evaluation and treatment. Thankfully, he is now receiving the help he needs to recover from his struggles. It serves as a reminder that help is always available for those who need it, and that there's no shame in seeking it out. According to statistics from the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, suicide is the tenth leading cause of death in the United States. It's a serious issue that demands attention and action from individuals and communities. It's important to remember that suicide can be prevented, and that there are resources available for those who may be struggling. In the United States, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by calling 1-800-273-8255. In the UK, the Samaritans can be reached by calling 08457 90 90 90 or by visiting a local Samaritans branch. For more information on suicide prevention and support, visit www.samaritans.org. In conclusion, Trooper Joshua Kim's heroic actions on the Millard E Tydings Memorial Bridge saved a life and serves as a reminder of the importance of quick thinking, bravery, and compassion in times of crisis. We can all learn from his example and seek to support those who may be struggling with their own challenges. Together, we can work to prevent suicide and create a safer, healthier world for all.