article: By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 07:03 EST, 16 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:58 EST, 16 May 2013 . Farmer Val Gunn was left horrified when she discovered Nelson the lamb after his ears had been hacked off by thugs . A farmer was left 'shocked and horrified' after a newborn lamb had its ears hacked off by cruel yobs. Val Gunn, 71, discovered the injured baby sheep in a field when she went to check on her flock yesterday. RSPCA investigators believe that thugs used a knife or scissors to deliberately chop off the animal's ears. The little lamb, named Nelson, has been left deaf by the attack at Highthorn Farm near Gotham, Nottinghamshire, and has also been abandoned by its mother. He is now being hand-rearerd by Val and her husband Kenneth, 73, but has been left in shock and is refusing to drink any milk. Mrs Gunn said: 'We were looking around the farm and checking the sheep for any problems and we came across this poor lamb with no ears. 'We were completely shocked and horrified by it. 'There was no ragged bits or other tears on his body so it had obviously been done with a knife or scissors. 'He's not drinking any milk at all, he's just a little weak, sad thing. 'Nelson's body must have been in such shock, we're plodding on with him and we're hopeful he can pull through. 'He is completely deaf though - he only reacts when he sees you and doesn't hear you coming. 'He has started to eat a bit of hay now but he is still in a bad way. 'I would like to get hold of the people responsible for this and chop their ears off and see how they would like that.' The RSPCA yesterday slammed the thugs who inflicted the 'horrific' attack on little Nelson. Scroll down for video . Nelson is being hand-reared by Val and her husband Kenneth after he was abandoned by his mother following the attack . Mrs Gunn has said Nelson is completely deaf and only reacts if he sees someone approaching . Inspector Susan Hammond, who was called to attend the incident, said: 'This is absolutely horrific and I cannot believe that someone would deliberately cause such an awful injury to an innocent animal. 'Sadly as a result of the injury the mother abandoned the lamb.' The attack took place in a remote field with no public right of way anyone with any information about the incident is asked to contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018. The RSPCA has slammed the thugs who inflicted the 'horrific' attack on little Nelson .
highlights: Nelson the lamb left deaf after his ears were hacked off by yobs . Investigators believe thugs used a knife or scissors in the attack . Farmer Val Gunn discovered the injured animal while checking flock . The lamb has also now been abandoned by its mother following attack .
id: 28ede6eeb8236b4a621d54875f0ab92b1c41cf55
chatgpt: Nelson, a young lamb on a farm in the rural area of County Durham, has been left completely deaf after his ears were brutally hacked off by unknown assailants. The incident has shocked the farming community and horrified animal lovers around the world. According to investigators, it is believed that the thugs responsible for the attack used either a knife or scissors to remove Nelson's ears. The brutality of this attack has left many people outraged and questioning what could motivate someone to inflict such pain on an innocent animal. Farmer Val Gunn, who owns the farm where Nelson was attacked, discovered the injured animal while checking on her flock. She immediately contacted local authorities and animal welfare organizations, who rushed to the scene to offer assistance. "The sight of poor Nelson with his ears hacked off was absolutely heartbreaking," Gunn said in a statement. "This kind of senseless violence towards animals is simply unacceptable and we will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice." Unfortunately, the trauma of the attack has not only left Nelson deaf but also caused his mother to abandon him. This has left him vulnerable and in need of round-the-clock care, which the farm's staff is providing. The attack on Nelson has sparked outrage on social media, with people around the world expressing their disgust at the cruelty of the individuals responsible for the attack. Many have called for stricter punishments for those who engage in animal cruelty, and for more measures to be taken to protect vulnerable animals like Nelson. In response to the attack, local police have launched an investigation and are appealing to anyone with information to come forward. They have also increased patrols in the area in an effort to deter any further attacks on the farm's animals. "This kind of attack is not only cruel but also illegal, and we will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice," a police spokesperson said. The attack on Nelson has shone a light on the issue of animal cruelty, and serves as a reminder of the importance of protecting vulnerable creatures. While Nelson may never fully recover from his injuries, he has shown remarkable resilience and has become an inspiration to many in the local community. As for the thugs responsible for this vicious attack, the authorities are confident that they will be brought to justice, and that their actions will not be tolerated in a civilized society. In the meantime, Nelson will continue to receive the love and care he deserves, and will serve as a symbol of hope in the fight against animal cruelty.