article: Utah cancer researcher Uta von Schwedler was found dead with wounds that pointed to a homicide, but she also had a fatal level of the anti-anxiety drug Xanax in her system that made her death a mystery, a medical examiner testified Monday. Prosecutors charged her 51-year-old ex-husband John Brickman Wall with murder after saying he killed von Schwedler during a bitter custody battle in 2011. However, assistant medical examiner Erik Christensen stopped short of ruling her death a homicide or suicide. Accusations: John Brickman Wall, pictured center in court on Monday, is currently standing trial for the murder of his ex-wife Uta von Schwedler . Suicide or homicide? Von Schwedler was a cancer researcher. She was found dead in her bathtub in 2011 from knife wounds and a Xanax overdose . Mystery: Assistant medical examiner Erik Christensen said in court on Monday that the Xanax in Von Schwedler's system was a mystery - no pill fragments were found in her stomach and there were no wounds on the skin to suggest she was injected . 'If she had no Xanax in her system I would have certified this death a homicide,' Christensen testified at the murder trial of Wall. Xanax is generally difficult to overdose on and isn't available in a liquid form that could be forcibly injected, he said. Suspicious: In court on Monday, the medical examiner testified that it's difficult to overdose on Xanax - suggesting she was force fed the depression drug . 'She just happened to take this and happened to be killed the same night? That doesn't really make sense,' the medical examiner said. Von Schwedler didn't have a history of anxiety or depression, or a prescription for Xanax. Other experts said the drug could make someone more relaxed and less likely to fight back while taking up to an hour to have an effect. In the months after von Schwedler's death, her family called for more investigation, and the couple's oldest son fueled speculation by saying he thought his father killed his mother. Wall was arrested and charged with murder in April 2013, nearly 18 months after her death. His trial, expected to last a month, began last week. Wall's defense attorneys say von Schwedler took the Xanax herself, and cut her own arms and legs before her death. Under questioning from defense lawyer G. Fred Metos, Christensen acknowledged that it's possible the cuts were self-inflicted, and that the leg is an unusual place for a defensive wound. He also said he would typically expect more wounds if she was fighting for her life. Christensen had enough doubts about the case that he went to back to police to ask what else they had found during their investigation, but he was initially told the case was closed. Other officers did go back and do more investigation, but the case against Wall remains largely circumstantial. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: John Brickman Wall is currently standing trial for the murder of his ex-wife, cancer researcher Uta von Schwedler . Von Schwedler was found drowned in a bathtub in the midst of a bitter custody battle with Wall in 2011 . On Monday, the assistant medical examiner Erik Christensen explained why he didn't rule the woman's death a suicide or homicide . Says fatal amounts of Xanax in her system was suspicious - since it's difficult to overdose on the anti-anxiety drug . Other experts said the drug could make a victim more relaxed and less willing to fight back during the hour or so it takes to kill .
id: a4ba19cb58643eccd86842030e2c1b6ccc037a24
chatgpt: The trial for John Brickman Wall, the man accused of murdering his ex-wife, cancer researcher Uta von Schwedler, is currently underway. Von Schwedler was found drowned in a bathtub in 2011 amidst a bitter custody battle with Wall. On Monday, the assistant medical examiner, Erik Christensen, testified in court as to why he didn't rule von Schwedler's death a suicide or homicide. Christensen explained that the presence of fatal amounts of Xanax in von Schwedler's system was suspicious. Xanax is an anti-anxiety drug, and it is difficult to overdose on it. Other experts testified that the drug could make a victim more relaxed and less willing to fight back during the hour or so it takes to kill. Prosecutors in the case have argued that Wall forced his ex-wife to take the Xanax before drowning her in the bathtub. Wall's defense team, however, has maintained that von Schwedler took the drugs herself. The trial has already included testimony from a number of medical experts. Last week, a forensic toxicologist testified that von Schwedler had ingested a large amount of Xanax, and that the drug was the cause of her death. The toxicologist also noted that von Schwedler had a higher than normal level of alcohol in her system at the time of her death. Wall and von Schwedler's custody battle was reportedly a bitter one. Von Schwedler had accused Wall of being abusive towards her and their children. Wall, however, denies these claims. If convicted of von Schwedler's murder, Wall could face life in prison. The trial is expected to continue for several more weeks, with more witnesses set to testify. Von Schwedler's death shocked her colleagues in the scientific community. She was a respected cancer researcher who had received grants from the National Institutes of Health and the American Cancer Society. Her colleagues described her as a dedicated researcher who was committed to finding a cure for cancer. The trial for John Brickman Wall is one that has captivated the public's attention. As the trial continues, the world will be watching to see what happens next.