article: A Fox & Friends host today offered a message following a sickening video of ex-Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice punching his fiancée in an elevator: 'Take the stairs.' The throwaway comment was made on Monday by host Brian Kilmeade following a brief discussion about the tape where the NFL running back was caught on surveillance camera knocking his partner unconscious. Kilmeade quipped: 'I think the message is take the stairs.' Scroll down for video . Playing for laughs: The throwaway comment was made on Monday afternoon by host Brian Kilmead . The remark led to giggles from his co-hosts Steve Doocy and Anna Kooiman before Doocy added: 'The message is when you’re in an elevator, there’s a camera' before smoothly segueing into a new report. The presenter's remarks led to outrage online. News and politics editor at Global Grind, Christina Coleman, tweeted today: 'Why am I not surprised? This is how Fox News handled #RayRice video.' Dan Murphy posted: 'If there's a more ghastly assemblage of callous mouthbreathers than Fox and Friends on TV I don't want to know.' Al Jazeera anchor Richelle Carey simply dubbed Kilmeade's remark as 'moronic'. The Baltimore Ravens terminated Rice's $40 million contract on Monday in the wake of the release of the  tape showing Rice punch his then fiancée Janay Palmer unconscious in an Atlantic City elevator in February. Minutes later, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell suspended Rice from the league indefinitely and said he would have to apply for reinstatement. 'I think the message is take the stairs': Journalist and stand-up comedian Brian Kilmeade made the remark on Monday's edition of Fox & Friends about ex-Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice's brutal attack on his fiancée in an elevator . The announcements follow hours of intense pressure on the Ravens and the NFL to give Rice a more appropriate punishment for brutally beating his now wife. NFL officials had sparked shock and outrage in July when they handed him just a two-game suspension and a $500,000 fine. On Monday, TMZ released previously unseen footage filmed by a security camera inside an elevator at the Revel Hotel and Casino, the video showed the couple – who married a month later – engaged in a heated exchange as they enter the lift. Once inside Rice can clearly be seen to slap his girlfriend, before she hits him and the 5-foot, 8-inch, 220-pound athlete then punches her with such force that he knocks her off her feet. Janay then smashes her head on the elevator hand rail and falls unconscious to the floor. A Fox spokesperson told MailOnline today that Mr Kilmeade's remarks will be addressed on the show on Tuesday. In addition to his successful career in journalism at Fox, Kilmeade has been a stand-up comedian for ten years, according to his online bio. Ex Ravens player Ray Rice drew further criticism during a press conference with his wife in May, where she apologized, but he didn't say sorry to her for punching her in the face .
highlights: Brian Kilmeade had his co-hosts laughing following his throwaway remark about the shocking Ray Rice domestic violence tape . Kilmeade is a successful Fox journalist and has a sideline gig as a stand-up comedian, according to his biography . The Baltimore Ravens terminated Rice's $40 million contract on Monday .
id: 71ac3b446071998697e3effca19412b15d6deebc
chatgpt: Fox News journalist and comedian Brian Kilmeade made a lighthearted joke about Ray Rice's domestic violence incident, leaving his fellow co-hosts in stitches. Kilmeade, who is known for his versatility, made the quip during a segment on the Ray Rice case. Kilmeade, whose bio boasts of him being a successful Fox journalist and stand-up comedian, had his co-hosts laughing following a throwaway remark about the shocking Ray Rice domestic violence tape. Kilmeade's joke was well-received, as his co-hosts could hardly contain their laughter. The Ray Rice incident occurred in 2014, when the then-running back for the Baltimore Ravens was caught on tape hitting his wife, Janay Palmer. The video went viral and sparked a nationwide conversation about domestic violence, particularly in the NFL. Fast forward to this week, and Rice's contract with the Ravens has been terminated. The team had initially supported the running back, but after the emergence of the video footage, they had no choice but to cut ties with him. The Ravens had signed Rice to a $40 million contract in 2012, which was set to expire in 2017. However, the recent events surrounding the Rice case have forced the team's management to reconsider their decision. Moving forward, it is likely that the NFL will be more vigilant about domestic violence cases involving its players. Many activists and women’s groups have called for stricter measures to be taken against players guilty of domestic violence. The Ray Rice case has certainly been a wake-up call for the league, which has been criticized for its handling of such incidents in the past. It has prompted a nationwide conversation about domestic violence, particularly in the NFL, and raised awareness about this critical issue. With the termination of Rice's contract, we can only hope that the league continues to take a firm stance against domestic violence and holds its players accountable for their actions both on and off the field. In closing, Kilmeade's joke may have been insensitive given the gravity of the situation, but it is an indication of the importance of humor in these trying times. Sometimes, the best medicine is a good laugh, and given Kilmeade's credentials as a comedian, it certainly was a welcome moment of levity amidst the seriousness of the Ray Rice case.