article: A quick-thinking bus driver rescued a man trapped in a blazing building – by using his double-decker as an emergency platform. Andy Waterman manoeuvred his vehicle alongside the inferno so the man could jump on to the roof from the second floor. The 48-year-old then drove off with his passenger – naked from the shower – balancing on the roof. Yesterday he was hailed a hero after the unusual rescue in Braintree, Essex. Hero: Bus driver Andy Waterman was praised for saving the mystery man's life. He moved his vehicle into position alongside the inferno so the man could jump on to the roof from the second floor . Blaze: Firefighters tackle the fire in Braintree, Essex. Andy said: ‘I manoeuvred my bus alongside the building until I was just four or five feet away and the man realised what I was doing and waited to jump onto my roof' Mr Waterman was driving back to the depot after dropping off his last passengers when he was flagged down by a group frantically waving. He said: ‘I could see a bloke through all the smoke and I decided I had to do something because the fire brigade hadn’t arrived at that point. ‘I manoeuvred my bus alongside the building until I was just four or five feet away and the man realised what I was doing and waited to jump onto my roof.' He added: 'It was about six feet lower than the building but he managed it alright – the problem was that he had been in the shower and was naked. 'I drove the bus away from the burning building and when the first of the emergency services arrived they threw him some clothes. ‘He was shivering pretty badly then – from fear and the freezing cold. But otherwise he was uninjured and the paramedics took him away for a check-up after firemen got him down from the roof of my bus.’ Inferno: A spokesman for Essex Fire and Rescue praised Andy's actions and added: ‘Without the quick-thinking of Mr Waterman this incident could have had a very different outcome and the man who managed to get onto the roof could well have lost his life’ Battle: Firefighters worked for approximately three hours to extinguish the fire . A spokesman for Essex Fire and Rescue said: ‘Without the quick-thinking of Mr Waterman this incident could have had a very different outcome and the man who managed to get onto the roof could well have lost his life.’ Andy’s boss at First Essex bus company Adrian Jones last night said: ‘We are very proud of him – he was in the right place at the right time and knew what to do. 'We are pleased to know that the man is OK and we all wish him a speedy recovery.’
highlights: Alert bus driver Andy Waterman saved man from blazing building . Manoeuvred vehicle into place to allow desperate man to jump on to roof . Terrified man forced to sprint naked from shower to leap from inferno .
id: 6e815ef278002c6d70a77ad8a59c2d75b9480ad8
chatgpt: A heroic bus driver has been lauded for his quick thinking and bravery after saving a man from a blazing building. Andy Waterman, who has been driving buses for over two decades, was on his usual route when he noticed smoke billowing from a nearby building. Without hesitation, Waterman immediately pulled over and ran towards the building. As he approached the inferno, he witnessed a man frantically jumping up and down at a window on the second floor, struggling to escape the flames. Thinking fast, Waterman maneuvered his bus into position beneath the window, making a makeshift bridge to allow the man to escape. The desperate man, who was completely naked after fleeing from the shower, sprinted from his room and jumped onto the bus, which was parked several feet below the window. Seconds after the man made his daring escape, the entire building was engulfed in flames. The fire, which was so intense that it destroyed the entire structure, could have easily taken the life of the trapped man if it wasn’t for Waterman's quick thinking. "I'm not a hero; I was just in the right place at the right time," said Waterman modestly after the daring rescue. "I'm just grateful that I was able to help." Witnesses have praised the bus driver for his bravery and quick thinking. One eyewitness described the scene as "absolutely terrifying," while another remarked that "it's amazing that everyone made it out alive." Meanwhile, the man who was rescued from the building, who has asked to remain anonymous, expressed his gratitude to Waterman, thanking him for saving his life. "I'm incredibly thankful to Andy for his quick thinking and bravery. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be here today," he said. Firefighters arrived on the scene a few moments after the daring rescue, but unfortunately, they were unable to save the burning building. Despite their best efforts, the flames engulfed the entire structure, razing it to the ground. However, thanks to Waterman's heroic actions, the lives of everyone trapped inside were saved. The incident has left the community in awe, with many praising the driver for his bravery and quick thinking. At a time when the world is facing so much uncertainty, it's heartening to see someone stepping up and doing something selfless to help others in their time of need. Andy Waterman is proof that even in the darkest of moments, there is still hope in humanity.