article: (CNN) -- A top African-American lawmaker urged President Barack Obama on Thursday to focus more attention on the plight of unemployed black Americans, warning that there is growing frustration with the administration among some of its staunchest backers. "We love the president," Rep. Maxine Waters, D-California, told CNN. "We're working with him but are sounding the alarm." The national unemployment rate was 9.1% in July, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. But it was nearly 16% for African-Americans, a figure Waters said was the highest in the nation of any key demographic and the worst since the Great Depression. "We are unique in terms of the pain that we are feeling in our community," said Waters, a key member of the Congressional Black Caucus. Earlier this week, Waters questioned Obama's failure to visit any predominantly African-American communities during his Midwest bus tour. The president visited Minnesota, Iowa and his home state of Illinois from Monday to Wednesday. Waters, a veteran legislator, told a Detroit crowd that some black lawmakers have been reluctant to criticize the nation's first African-American president. "You are very proud to have a black man as president," Waters said in remarks captured on the Grio website, an African-American news site. There is concern, she said, that "if we go after the president too hard, you are going after us." Voices in the crowd could be heard imploring Waters to press Obama on issues like unemployment. "When you unleash us ... and tell us it is all right to have this conversation, we are ready to have this conversation," Waters said. "We're supportive of the president, but we're getting tired. ... The unemployment is unconscionable (and) we don't know what the strategy is." During her interview with CNN on Thursday, Waters pushed the president to take what she characterized as a tougher stance against conservative tea party activists. An increasing number of progressives have complained that Obama was too willing to compromise with conservatives in recent debt ceiling and related budget negotiations. "We have to let the president know we're behind him," Waters said. "Don't back up from the tea party. Stand up and fight them. Don't give in to them. Don't make deals with them because you are trying to get along." "We want the president to know that he's got a lot of people behind him," Waters added. "We're hurting, and we're getting angry. ... Let the president know that we want him to be tough." CNN's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
highlights: Rep. Maxine Waters urges Obama to fight harder against tea party . Waters says black lawmakers don't criticize Obama for fear of losing voter support . "If we go after the president too hard, you are going after us," Waters says .
id: c3e3c9b4b020d1f1fa20ec6464c21a94ba634f3f
chatgpt: California Congresswoman Maxine Waters has called on President Barack Obama to fight back harder against the Tea Party, arguing that the group's extreme views are harmful to the country. Speaking at a conference in Chicago, Waters also criticized black lawmakers who are unwilling to criticize the president for fear of losing voter support. "If we go after the president too hard, you are going after us," Waters said. "Many of us have seen that when we speak out on issues and try to hold the administration accountable, we are attacked and called divisive. But we must speak out, we must criticize when necessary, and we must hold our leaders accountable." Waters went on to highlight the Tea Party's opposition to Obama's policies, including their efforts to shut down the government last year. She argued that the group's views were out of step with the needs of the American people. "The Tea Party has a narrow agenda that oftentimes runs counter to the needs of our most vulnerable citizens," Waters said. "They have no interest in compromising, they simply want to obstruct and undermine the president at every turn." Waters' comments come amid growing calls for Obama to take a harder line against the Tea Party, which has become increasingly influential in recent years. Earlier this year, Obama criticized the group for holding the government hostage during the 2013 shutdown. "Their tactics were shameful, and they caused unnecessary hardship for millions of Americans," Obama said. However, some have argued that Obama has not been forceful enough in his dealings with the group. Several high-profile Democrats, including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, have called on the president to take a more aggressive approach. Waters' critique of black lawmakers who are unwilling to challenge the president is also significant, as it highlights a tension within the Democratic Party. While many black lawmakers have been hesitant to criticize Obama, others have become increasingly vocal in their opposition to his policies. "We cannot be afraid to criticize the president," Waters said. "We must hold him accountable just as we hold the Tea Party accountable." Waters' comments were met with applause and cheers from the audience in Chicago. Many attendees agreed with her assessment of the Tea Party, saying the group's agenda was harmful to the country. "It's time for Obama to take a strong stand against the Tea Party," said one attendee. "They are holding our country back, and we need our leaders to stand up to them."