article: Carey Mulligan has spoken of her pride after her Army captain brother helped save a girls’ school that had been targeted by the Taliban. Owain Mulligan was deployed to Afghanistan in 2012. While there he learnt how insurgents had deliberately poisoned a water source at a nearby school, forcing it to close. The Great Gatsby actress revealed her older brother – at that time working as a linguist for the Army, mentoring Afghan forces – set about trying to raise money to create a new well. Scroll down for video . Charity work: Carey Mulligan was inspired to become an ambassador for War Child after her brother helped save a girls' school . In doing so, he contacted the charity War Child and as a result of his actions, the school later reopened. Miss Mulligan, 29, said her brother’s efforts had inspired her to become an ambassador for the charity, which helps youngsters in war-stricken countries. She told Harper’s Bazaar: ‘When my brother was a soldier in Afghanistan, he was at a base around the corner from a girls’ school that had to be shut down because of the Taliban. They had poisoned the water source. The only way it could reopen was if a new well was built. So my brother took up the initiative, amazingly, and started raising money for this school.’ She continued: ‘War Child was a charity that responded immediately. Since then, my brother has been a big fan, and when he left the Army… we met with them and started talking about working together… War Child is just extraordinary. They counsel kids through conflict and help them for years after a trauma.’ School saviour: The actress's soldier brother Owain Mulligan was based in Afghanistan as a linguist for the Army . Carey Mulligan features on the cover of the December issue of Harper's Bazaar, out tomorrow . Miss Mulligan, who is married to Mumford and Sons frontman Marcus Mumford, also works with the Alzheimer’s Society, after her grandmother was diagnosed with the disease. Her brother’s military career began when he volunteered to serve with the Territorial Army in Iraq after graduating from Oxford University. Miss Mulligan drew on the experience of having a sibling in the forces when she played Elsie, a character who objects to her brother going to war in ITV’s My Boy Jack. According to previous reports Mr Mulligan, who is thought to be 30, spent some time with the Royal Artillery before commencing his degree in modern history. While in the Army, he taught himself Dari and Pashto – the official languages of Afghanistan. He reached the rank of captain before leaving the forces. He now works for a business consulting firm. Miss Mulligan revealed her brother’s work in Afghanistan as she promoted her latest film, Suffragette, which also stars Meryl Streep. The full interview appears in the December issue of Harper’s Bazaar, on sale tomorrow.
highlights: Owain Mulligan was deployed to Afghanistan in 2012 as a linguist for Army . There he learnt how insurgents had poisoned a water source at a school . He set about raising money to create a new well and contacted War Child . Miss Mulligan said his efforts inspired her to become ambassador for charity .
id: 2eb92b9fcf319a782c6fee738a8439c4b606aa43
chatgpt: Owain Mulligan, a linguist for the Army, was deployed to Afghanistan in 2012. During his time there, he discovered that insurgents had poisoned a water source at a local school. Horrified by this discovery, Mulligan decided to take action and help the community. Mulligan began to raise money to create a new well for the school. He contacted various organizations and eventually got in touch with War Child, a charity that supports the protection of children affected by war. Their response was positive, and through their support, Mulligan was able to make his vision a reality. The new well was constructed with the support of War Child, and it has since become a critical resource for the school and the surrounding community. The impact of Mulligan's work has been immense, and it has inspired others to get involved in charitable efforts as well. One person inspired was Miss Mulligan, the sister of Owain Mulligan. She credits her brother's efforts with inspiring her to become an ambassador for War Child. In an interview, she stated, "My brother's work in Afghanistan reminded me that we can all make a difference, no matter how small our contributions may seem. I am proud to be a part of War Child's mission to protect children affected by war." Mulligan's story is not just one of charity, but also of the power of individuals to make a meaningful difference in the world. His actions in Afghanistan have had a lasting impact and continue to inspire others to get involved in similar efforts. The issue of water contamination in Afghanistan is widespread, with many communities lacking access to clean water. The efforts of individuals like Mulligan, combined with the support of charitable organizations like War Child, are essential for addressing this problem. War Child has been working in Afghanistan since 2002 and has established several programs to support children affected by war. Their efforts include providing education, healthcare, and protection to vulnerable children and families. Mulligan's work in Afghanistan serves as a reminder of the importance of taking action and making a difference in the world. As Miss Mulligan stated, "The small acts of kindness that we do can have a profound impact on the lives of others. We should all strive to make a difference in whatever way we can."