article: New Delhi (CNN) -- Indian lawmakers cast ballots Thursday to elect a new president for the South Asian democracy, with the ruling party's candidate considered the almost-certain winner. That candidate, Pranab Mukherjee, is a veteran politician and a former finance minister. Mukherjee's rival is opposition-backed candidate P.A. Sangma, a former speaker of the Indian parliament. Indian presidents are elected through an electoral college made up of more than 4,800 federal and state lawmakers. The result from Thursday's vote are expected to be announced Sunday. Blog: What happened to 'Incredible India'? In India, the president is head of state while the prime minister heads the government. Still, the Indian presidents, in their largely ceremonial position, hold considerable power as the supreme commander of the country's armed forces and custodian of the national constitution, political commentator K.G. Suresh explained. The new president could play a key role in deciding who forms the next government in case the next general elections, due in 2014, result in a split parliament, analysts say. "Now we have a coalition era. We do not know in 2014, when the parliament election takes place, which party would be able to get a clear majority," Suresh said. "If it doesn't happen, the president of India has to then take a call as to whom to invite (to form the government) within the parameters of the constitution of India." Prime minister Manmohan Singh was among voters who cast their ballots Thursday. The new president will replace Pratibha Devisingh Patil, the first woman to hold the post. Mukherjee was named the presidential candidate by the ruling United Progressive Alliance headed by Sonia Gandhi, who is also the chief of India's Congress Party.
highlights: Results from the vote by federal and state lawmakers in India are expected Sunday . The presidency is a largely ceremonial post, but does have some power . Pranab Mukherjee of the ruling United Party Alliance is expected to win election .
id: c0229a0512547f86794a1ad67c5d19bf78fcc90b
chatgpt: India is gearing up for the results of the vote by federal and state lawmakers on Sunday to elect their next President. While the presidency is a largely ceremonial post, the position carries with it some important powers. The ruling United Party Alliance has nominated Pranab Mukherjee, and he is widely expected to secure the position. Mukherjee, a veteran of Indian politics, has been a member of Parliament for over 40 years, and he has held diverse portfolios in his long career. He has been the finance minister and foreign minister of India, among other high-ranking positions. As such, he is considered an experienced and knowledgeable politician, capable of handling the complexities of the presidency. The other nominee, Meira Kumar, is a former Speaker of the Parliament and an accomplished lawyer. However, she faces an uphill battle against Mukherjee, who has the support of the United Party Alliance and many other political parties, including some in the opposition. The election itself has been largely uncontroversial, with both nominees following the protocol and traditions of the process. However, some opposition leaders have criticized the ruling party for not reaching out to them to build a consensus about the candidate. They have also questioned the neutrality of the Election Commission, which oversees the voting process. Nevertheless, most analysts expect Mukherjee to win a comfortable victory, and he has already started receiving messages of congratulations from various political leaders. Mukherjee's election as the next President of India would be a continuation of the dominant political trend in the country, where the United Party Alliance has been in power for much of the last decade. As President, Mukherjee's role will be to represent India on the world stage, preside over key ceremonial events in the country, and exercise some limited powers in matters of national security and administration. While the position may not have any direct influence on the day-to-day functioning of the government, the President's moral authority and symbolic importance make it a coveted position for any serious politician.