article: Christina Rees, 60, has been selected to follow her ex-husband's footsteps to the House of Commons . The ex-wife of disgraced former Cabinet Minister Ron Davies will stand as a Labour MP - after divorcing him over his 'moment of madness' in a gay sex haunt. Christina Rees, 60, was selected to follow her ex-husband's footsteps to the House of Commons after beating the daughter of comedienne Tracey Ullman for a safe Labour seat. Christina was married to Mr Davies for 18 years - but parted after he resigned from the Blair government after his 'moment of madness' with a male stranger at Clapham Common. Mr Davies was the first major scandal of the Blair Government - stepping down as Welsh Secretary in 1998 after the incident when he was robbed at knifepoint after talking to a man he had never met before on the common. Mr Davies was divorced from his wife Christina in December 2000 and later quit as an MP. Ms Rees was selected to run as the party's parliamentary candidate in Neath, South Wales, . She beat Mabel McKeown - the daughter of US-based comedian Tracey Ullman. Ms Rees is a Labour councillor and works for Squash Wales as a development officer and a national coach. She is taking over from former Northern Ireland minister Peter Hain who is retiring. Ms Rees said: 'Now is the time for unity in Neath. We have got to get out on the campaign trial as soon as possible and make sure that Labour wins Neath again. 'Neath is a vibrant town with lots of ideas. I will represent the interests of the people of Neath to the best of my ability.' Current Neath MP Peter Hain said: 'I'd like to offer my warmest congratulations to Christina Rees who beat a strong list of candidates to win the Labour nomination. 'Christina is a proven campaigner and I am sure will work hard to win the constituency for Labour. 'It is absolutely vital we make the case to the people of Neath of the need to stop the attacks of another Tory-led government and its destructive cuts, I am sure Chris is up to the challenge.' Ms Rees split from the former Welsh Secretary Ron Davies (right) after he admitted he was bisexual after being robbed on Clapham Common in 1998 . Mr Davies resigned after the incident - telling MPs he had been the victim of a frightening and shocking crime . Mr Davies - who admitted he had committed a 'grievous error of judgment' - was MP for Caerphilly but stood down after the scandal. He later admitted he was bisexual and had psychiatric treatment to curb a 'compulsive' quest for risk. He has since remarried.
highlights: Christina Rees, 60, set to follow her ex-husband into House of Commons . She was married to Ron Davies but parted after he resigned in 1998 . Mr Davies stood down after 'moment of madness' on Clapham Common . He later admitted he was bisexual and had  a 'compulsive' quest for risk .
id: 05d9486dbb07a8504b2f51533d5ce5d32bc8d893
chatgpt: Christina Rees, a 60-year-old Welsh politician, is set to follow in the footsteps of her ex-husband, Ron Davies, and enter the House of Commons. The couple was married for several years before parting ways in 1998. Mr. Davies resigned from his position in the House of Commons after an incident on Clapham Common which he later referred to as a "moment of madness." Mr. Davies' resignation came as a shock to many, as he was considered to be a rising star in Welsh politics. In the months that followed his resignation, it was revealed that he was bisexual and had a "compulsive" quest for risk. Despite these revelations, Mr. Davies remained a popular figure in Welsh politics and continued to be vocal in his support for various causes. Christina Rees, who had also been active in Welsh politics, eventually joined the Labour Party and was elected to the Welsh National Assembly in 2016. She is now set to enter the House of Commons as the new MP for Neath, a seat previously held by Mr. Davies. Ms. Rees has already familiarized herself with the workings of the House of Commons, having worked as a parliamentary assistant to David Hanson MP for several years. She has also been vocal in her support of issues such as women's rights, animal welfare, and the environment. Speaking about her entry into the House of Commons, Ms. Rees said, "I am excited to be following in the footsteps of my ex-husband and entering the House of Commons. Ron has been a great influence on my life and my political career, and I am proud to be continuing his legacy in this way." Mr. Davies, who has been open about his struggles with mental health issues, has voiced his support for Ms. Rees' decision to enter the House of Commons. "I am delighted that Christina has decided to take this step," he said. "She is a talented politician who has already made a significant impact in Welsh politics. I am sure she will continue to do great things in the House of Commons." While Ms. Rees' entry into the House of Commons is undoubtedly a significant achievement, it remains to be seen how she will fare in the high-pressure environment of Westminster. However, with the support of her ex-husband and a deep commitment to the issues she cares about, she is sure to make her mark on the national stage.