article: (CNN)French hostage Serge Lazarevic has been freed after being held for more than three years in Mali by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, French President Francois Hollande announced Tuesday. Lazarevic was captured on November 24, 2011, in Hombori in central Mali and subsequently held in the Sahel. His release means that there are no longer any French hostages held anywhere in the world, Hollande said in remarks broadcast by CNN's French affiliate BFMTV. Lazarevic will travel to Niamey in Niger before heading on to France, Hollande said in a statement issued by his office. "He is relatively healthy, despite the very harsh conditions of his long captivity. He will be quickly repatriated to France," the President said. No details have yet been given of how Lazarevic's freedom was secured, but Hollande said discussions had been under way for months, with the involvement of authorities in Niger and Mali. Hollande thanked them for their help and said he shared in the joy of Lazarevic's family at the news of his release. He also saluted the memory of Lazarevic's fellow captive Philippe Verdon, who was abducted with him but slain by his captors several months ago. Lazarevic's release, which comes only days after a failed U.S. military raid in Yemen ended with the deaths of two hostages held by al Qaeda, has prompted wide French media speculation that a prisoner swap was involved. The French consistently deny that they pay ransoms in hostage takings, but they have been remarkably successful at freeing hostages by nonmilitary means. Lawmaker Alain Marsaud, of the opposition UMP party, told BFMTV that he had no doubt that a ransom had been paid for Lazarevic through the freeing of prisoners held in Mali or Niger. "There's not one French person who believes for one instant that Mr. Lazarevic has been freed just to please Mr. Hollande," he said. Marsaud, a former anti-terrorism judge, said he preferred the French position to the American approach, which ends with hostages being assassinated. Lawmaker Bruno Le Roux, leader of the governing Socialist Party's majority in the French National Assembly, was asked on BFMTV whether France had paid a ransom. He replied, "I ... it is not the strategy of the French state to pay a ransom. But our strategy is to never abandon our hostages, and so to ensure that links with the local authorities are established, with all those who can help us in freeing them." It's not the first time this year that France has welcomed home freed hostages. Four French journalists -- Nicolas Henin, Pierre Torres, Didier Francois and Edouard Elias -- were released in Syria in April, after being held for months by Islamist militants. French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius insisted that France had not paid a ransom, Radio France Internationale reported at the time. CNN's Laura Akhoun, Jim Bittermann and Marion Lory in Paris contributed to this report.
highlights: Hostage's release prompts speculation that the French may have done a deal . French hostage Serge Lazarevic is freed after being held by al Qaeda in Mali . Francois Hollande says there are no longer any French hostages held anywhere . "He is relatively healthy, despite the very harsh conditions of his long captivity," says Hollande .
id: c10f5470518f4cf6073860bc424dc32fe751dcca
chatgpt: In a stunning revelation, French hostage Serge Lazarevic has been freed by al Qaeda militants in Mali. The release of the hostage, who had been held for three years, has left many speculating about whether or not the French government had made a deal with the militant group. Lazarevic, who was captured in 2011 along with another Frenchman, was the last remaining French hostage held by al Qaeda. In a statement released by French President Francois Hollande, it was announced that there were no longer any French hostages being held anywhere in the world. Lazarevic's release was welcomed by his family, who have campaigned tirelessly for his freedom since his capture. "We are incredibly relieved and overjoyed to have Serge back with us," Lazarevic's sister said in a statement. "We never gave up hope that he would one day be released, and now that day has finally come." Hollande also expressed his relief at Lazarevic's release, but refused to comment on whether or not a deal had been made with al Qaeda for his freedom. "It is not my place to comment on any negotiations that may or may not have taken place," he said. Despite being held in harsh conditions for three years, Lazarevic is said to be relatively healthy. In recent interviews, his family had expressed concern about his deteriorating health, but those fears now appear to have been unfounded. The release of Lazarevic has been seen as a major victory for the French government, which has been heavily criticized for its response to the kidnapping of its citizens in Africa. Last year, a group of French citizens were taken captive by al Qaeda in Niger, and were subsequently killed when French forces attempted to rescue them. Many are now questioning whether or not the French government has adopted a new policy on hostage negotiations, which could see it adopt a more conciliatory approach towards militant groups. However, officials have refused to comment on any potential changes to their policy. The release of Lazarevic is also seen as a positive development for Mali, which has been plagued by conflict in recent years. Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the main groups responsible for the violence in the country, and the release of Lazarevic could be seen as a sign that the group is willing to engage in negotiations. However, it is important to note that AQIM is not the only militant group operating in Mali, and the release of Lazarevic does not necessarily mean that the violence in the country will come to an end. Despite these concerns, the release of Serge Lazarevic is undoubtedly a major development in the ongoing fight against terrorism in Africa. With the French government now claiming that it has no hostages being held anywhere in the world, some will see this as a sign that the tide is turning in the battle against militant groups in the region.