article: Nigel Farage’s wife has got another job working for Ukip – after being banned from working for her husband. Party leader Mr Farage confessed earlier this year that he was paying his wife £27,000 a year from his parliamentary allowances, funded by the taxpayer, to work as his secretary – despite declaring in 2004 that ‘Ukip MEPs will not employ wives’ and ‘there will be no exceptions’. Now, after the EU introduced new rules banning the employment of family members, his wife Kirsten has been forced to look elsewhere for work – and has found it with another Ukip MEP. Scroll down for video . Employed: Nigel Farage and his wife - and former secretary Kirsten, who is newly employed by his close ally . German-born Kirsten – the second Mrs Farage – is now employed by MEP Ray Finch, a close friend and ally of the party leader, although he lives in Winchester, Hampshire, 80 miles from the Farage family home in Kent. The move is likely to attract gibes that Mr and Mrs Farage are still managing to ‘ride the Brussels gravy train’. Kirsten, a bond broker whom Mr Farage met during a trip to Frankfurt in 1996, has defended her role as his former taxpayer-funded secretary, saying she often worked late, and that Mr Farage was virtually computer illiterate. She said: ‘I sit at my computer in my nightie and am very dutiful. ‘He has a steam-powered telephone, he can send and receive texts and that’s it. 'If I sit him down, and there is something for him to read, he can scroll up and down, he has learned that, but that is pretty much it. Ally: Ray Finch, a close friend of the Ukip leader, has taken on Kirsten, keeping her 'on the Brussels gravy train' Further controversy: Bill Etheridge MEP told youth members to copy Adolf Hitler's 'magnetic' rhetoric . ‘He honestly doesn’t know how to [use a computer] and he has missed the boat, I don’t think he ever will now.’ When asked earlier this year what would happen when the ban on employing family members came in, she claimed: ‘We have not really had time to discuss it. I think the job carries on but I just won’t get paid for it.’ Mr Farage ran into more controversy earlier this year when a former Ukip MEP accused him of also putting his ‘mistress’ on his Brussels payroll. The Ukip leader vigorously denied any relationship with Annabelle Fuller, a party spin doctor, who also refuted the claims.
highlights: Kirsten Farage forced to look for work after EU banned family employees . Came as Ukip leader revealed he paid her £27,000 a year to be his secretary . Now German-born Kirsten employed by MEP Ray Finch, close ally of Farage . Comes as MEP Bill Etheridge tells youth members to copy Hitler's speeches .
id: 85de8fba5370096a872f8c8299abbf56439f308b
chatgpt: Former UKIP leader, Nigel Farage's wife, Kirsten Farage, has been forced to find a new job after the EU banned family employees from being paid by MEPs. This comes as Nigel Farage revealed that he had been paying her £27,000 per year to work as his secretary. Kirsten Farage, who is German-born, has now been employed by MEP Ray Finch, who is a close ally of Nigel Farage. Despite the controversy surrounding the payment to Kirsten Farage, EU regulations have been in place since 2014 banning MEPs from employing family members. The ban was put in place to prevent nepotism and conflicts of interest. The decision to ban MEPs from employing family members has caused some controversy, with some MEPs arguing that they should be able to employ family members if it is in the interest of their work. However, the decision has been upheld, and those affected, including Kirsten Farage, have been forced to find other employment. Kirsten Farage's new employment with MEP Ray Finch has also attracted attention, given his close association with Nigel Farage. However, Finch has stated that Kirsten Farage was employed based on her qualifications and skills, and that her previous association with Nigel Farage was not a factor. In other news related to UKIP, MEP Bill Etheridge has caused controversy by encouraging youth members of UKIP to study and copy speeches made by Adolf Hitler. Etheridge, who is running for the leadership of UKIP, has defended his comments, stating that he was merely encouraging the study of history. The comments have been widely condemned by political figures from across the political spectrum, with many accusing Etheridge of promoting far-right views. UKIP has also faced criticism for the comments, with some accusing the party of not doing enough to distance itself from far-right views. The controversy surrounding UKIP continues, with the party still facing questions about its future direction following Brexit. The party has been struggling in recent months, with declining poll numbers and internal divisions causing concern among party members and supporters. Despite these challenges, UKIP remains a force to be reckoned with in UK politics, and its leaders and supporters continue to advocate strongly for the interests of the UK and its citizens.