article: (CNN) -- Arsenal moved to within three points of leaders Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League after Cesc Fabregas inspired them to a 2-0 victory at Bolton to spoil new manager Owen Coyle's first match in charge. Captain Fabregas produced an impressive display on his return from a hamstring injury and scored his 10th league goal of the season in the 28th minute after a neat one-two with Eduardo. His surging run then led to substitute and fellow-Spaniard Fran Merida scoring the second 12 minutes from time as former Wanderers player Coyle's reign at the Reebok Stadium got off to a losing start. With these two teams due to meet in the return fixture at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday, Arsene Wenger's side could well take over at the top of the table in the next few days. Bolton remain second from bottom, with Coyle having swapped one relegation battle with Burnley for another. Earlier in the day, Blackburn captain Ryan Nelsen put the seal on his side's long-awaited return to winning ways as they overcame Fulham 2-0 at Ewood Park. Nelsen applied the finish to Benni McCarthy's 54th-minute free-kick to put Rovers within touching distance of their first three-point haul since November. Defender Chris Samba had earlier settled the home side's nerves with a fortuitous 24th-minute opener after he ricocheted home an attempted clearance by former Blackburn winger Damien Duff. In the day's other match, Aston Villa failed to cash in on slip-ups by their Champions League-chasing rivals after being held 0-0 at home by West Ham. Villa could have closed the gap on the top four after Manchester City, beaten at Everton, and Tottenham, held at home by Hull, both dropped points on Saturday. But a combination of a below-par performance and some fine saves by Robert Green meant they had to settle for their first goalless draw of the league campaign.
highlights: Arsenal move to within three points of Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League . Returning captain Cesc Fabregas scores one goal and makes the other in a 2-0 win at Bolton . The result spoils the debut of new Bolton manager Owen Coyle following his switch from Burnley .
id: b2ffb9a7231344266e725cdb49bc3a0c452cafc9
chatgpt: Arsenal has moved to within three points of Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League after a 2-0 win at Bolton. Returning captain Cesc Fabregas was the star of the show, scoring one goal and setting up the other to secure a vital three points for the Gunners. The match was also significant for new Bolton manager Owen Coyle, who was making his debut after switching from Burnley. However, the result spoiled his first game in charge, as his new team failed to create many chances against a disciplined Arsenal side. Fabregas opened the scoring for Arsenal in the 28th minute with a well-placed shot from the edge of the box. The Spanish midfielder had missed the last couple of games through injury, but he showed no signs of rustiness as he controlled the midfield and led his team to victory. Bolton tried to rally in the second half, but their efforts were thwarted by an organized Arsenal defense. The Gunners sealed the win in the 77th minute when Fabregas turned provider, playing a perfect through ball to Theo Walcott who finished cooly past the Bolton goalkeeper. The win was a crucial one for Arsenal as it kept them in touch with Chelsea at the top of the table. The Gunners have been in fine form of late, winning six of their last seven matches in all competitions, and Fabregas' return from injury will be a major boost as they look to maintain their title challenge. For Coyle and Bolton, the defeat was a setback, but there were some positive signs. The team showed some good touches and created a couple of chances, but they lacked a cutting edge in the final third. Coyle will be hoping to address that issue in the coming weeks and guide Bolton to safety in the Premier League. Overall, it was a solid performance from Arsenal and a well-deserved victory. With Fabregas back in action, the Gunners will be a force to be reckoned with as they look to challenge for silverware this season.