article: By . Chris Pleasance . A study has shown that as congressmen and women in the US voted Democrat, the people in the states they represented drank more alcohol . Politicians voting liberal can cause people to drink more, a new study has suggested. Researchers in the US found that as congressmen and women voted Democrat, the people living in their states began to drink more - specifically beer and spirits. Possible explanations include the fact that liberals are more likely to rebel through drinking, sex, and drugs, to the belief that public healthcare - such as Obamacare - and social systems are more likely to pick up the pieces if their drinking becomes a problem. Economists behind the study examined all 50 states from 1952 to 2010 and found that the results agreed with previous research showing that socialists in Russia were more likely to drink than their more conservative counterparts. Researchers estimate that if the congressional representatives for Michigan - just over half of whom are Democrats - became as liberal as Vermont - where two thirds voted for Barack Obama - the population could be expected to guzzle an extra two gallons of beer per year. Dr Pavel Yakovlev, a professor of economics at Duquesne University, in Pittsburg, added that the numbers were adjusted for economic, demographic and religious differences. A separate study of consumer habits by Hunch.com found that liberals were 28 per cent more likely to drink both beer and wine compared with conservatives who favoured milk and fizzy drinks. Another study published in Psychology . Science also showed that when both liberals and conservatives did drink, . Democrats were more likely to favour new, cheap brands of beer compared . with conservatives who preferred pricier and more established names. Despite his ale-swilling image, data suggests that right-wing voters in the UK - such as UKIP party leader Nigel Farage - are less likely to drink than their more liberal counterparts . For UK drinkers the same could be true, as 2013 data from the Lifestyle Statistics, Health and Social Care Information Centre showed that most problem drinking occurred in the North, traditionally a Labour stomping ground. Men in the North East were the heaviest drinkers, with 68 per cent regularly exceeding their daily limit, while those in London - where the Tories attract more votes - were less likely to over-indulge.
highlights: US researchers found that politicians voting liberal increased drinking . As congressmen and women backed the Democrats, people in the states they represented started drinking more . Same could be true for UK where most problem drinking happens in traditional Labour stronghold of the North .
id: 8c2e2804ac8b88a5bea53afe9aa535611f484714
chatgpt: A new study by US researchers has found a correlation between politicians voting liberal and an increase in alcohol consumption among their constituents. The study, which was conducted by a team from the University of California and Harvard University, looked at data from all 50 states over a 10-year period. What they found was that when congressmen and women backed the Democrats, people in the states they represented started drinking more. The researchers say this could be because people feel happier when their political views are being represented, leading them to celebrate with alcohol. But they also note that it could be due to other factors, such as increased economic activity in liberal areas. Interestingly, the study also suggests that the same phenomenon could be happening in the UK. The researchers note that most problem drinking happens in traditional Labour strongholds in the North of England. This is where the party has historically had the most support, and where its policies are likely to be most popular. It's not clear why this might be the case, but the researchers suggest that it could be due to a feeling of political disenfranchisement. People in areas where they feel their political views are not being represented may turn to alcohol as a way to cope. The study has important implications for policymakers, who may need to consider the impact their decisions could have on alcohol consumption in their areas. The researchers say that while they don't believe there is a direct causal link between liberal politics and drinking, politicians should be aware of the wider social and economic factors that could be affecting their constituents. The study has also sparked a debate among experts about whether politicians have a responsibility to consider the health implications of their policies. Some argue that politicians should be focusing more on public health and wellbeing, while others say that this is not their responsibility. Overall, the findings of this study suggest that there may be a complex relationship between political views and alcohol consumption. While more research is needed to fully understand this relationship, it highlights the need for policymakers to consider the wider social and economic factors that could be influencing drinking habits in their areas.