article: By . Dan Ripley . Follow @@Ripley_77 . Former Chelsea keeper Hilario has announced his retirement after being released by the Blues this summer but has hinted he could stay on at Stamford Bridge. The 38-year-old had been with the west London outfit since signing on a free transfer from Nacional in 2006,and could extend his stay at the club in a coaching capacity. Hilario took to Instagram to announce his retirement, posting a long message with pictures of his triumphs with Chelsea down the years. End of an era: Hilario has retired following eight years at Chelsea and 20 as a professional footballer . Thanks for the memories: Hilario thanked fans on Instagram after announcing his retirement and future role . 2006/07: 18 2007/08: six . 2008/09: one 2009/10: 11 . 2010/11: one 2011/12: two . Total appearances: 39 - four as sub . Hilario said: 'Hi Everyone. After 20 years of professional goalkeeping I have made the very difficult decision to hang up my gloves!! 'It was not a sudden or easy decision and age played no part, but I simply could not refuse the offer that CFC proposed. I now have the opportunity to not only stay in the game but to pass on my experience and knowledge to a new generation of goalkeepers! I just wanted to say a big thank you to all the teams that I was so proud to represent and all the staff that works on the backstage, to all my team mates many of whom I have worked with since day one, to all the managers and coaches that have helped me become not only a better player but a better man. 'For that I will always be grateful. I have been so lucky and privileged to have worked alongside such world class players and managers. Last but defiantly not least, a massive thank you to all the fans who have supported me throughout the years. Love you all. Wishing all of you the best in life.' The Portuguese goalkeeper was brought in by Jose Mourinho during his first spell as manager as an understudy to Petr Cech. He played just 39 times in all competition throughout his eight years at the Blues - but was among the celebrations for Premier League, Champions League, Europa League, FA Cup and League Cup triumphs. Understudy: Jose Mourinho signed Hilario as back-up for Petr Cech in May 2006 . Magic moments: Hilario's debut for the Chelsea came in a 1-0 win over Barcelona in the Champions League group stage in 2006 - but he would only feature 38 more times over the next eight years for the Blues .
highlights: Hilario was released on free this summer after eight years at Chelsea . Portuguese keeper announced retirement on Instagram . But 38-year-old hints at coaching role offered at Stamford Bridge . Hilario signed by Jose Mourinho for Blues in 2006 . Played just 39 games in eight years as understudy to Petr Cech .
id: 0bfa573c695497e1bd2c0c7db04520cbe4493c2e
chatgpt: Former Chelsea goalkeeper Henrique Hilario has announced his retirement from professional football after eight years with the club. The Portuguese keeper, who was released on a free transfer this summer, shared the news on his Instagram account. Hilario, 38, played just 39 games in his time at Stamford Bridge, serving mostly as an understudy to Petr Cech. He was signed by then-manager Jose Mourinho in 2006 and remained at the club ever since. In his farewell post on Instagram, Hilario expressed gratitude for his time at Chelsea and described his experience as "an honour and a privilege". He also hinted at the possibility of a coaching role being offered to him at the club, saying that "this is just the beginning of a new chapter". The news of Hilario's retirement has been met with mixed reactions from fans and pundits. While many have praised the goalkeeper's loyalty and professionalism, others have criticised his lack of playing time and questioned his ability as a potential coach. Despite his limited appearances on the pitch, Hilario was widely respected by his teammates and coaching staff at Chelsea. He played an important role in the club's 2012 Champions League triumph, serving as a valuable backup to Cech throughout the competition. Following his retirement, Hilario is expected to focus on developing his coaching skills and pursuing a career in the sport. His former boss Mourinho has previously spoken highly of his coaching potential, saying that he has "all the qualities" needed to succeed in the role. It remains to be seen what Hilario's exact role at Chelsea will be in the future, but his retirement from playing signals the end of an era for the veteran keeper. He will now look to use his experience and knowledge to help the next generation of goalkeepers at the club. Overall, Hilario's time at Chelsea may have been relatively uneventful in terms of playing time, but his contribution to the club and his professionalism throughout his career have not gone unnoticed. As he embarks on a new chapter in his life, he leaves behind a legacy of hard work, dedication and loyalty to the Blues.