article: (CNN) -- U.S. Army Sgt. Timothy Owens will be remembered as many things. A son, a husband, a father. A victim of Wednesday's shooting at Fort Hood, Owens loved the Army and planned to make it his career. "He didn't answer the phone so I left a message on his phone. 'Son, call me so I know if you're OK or not.' Well, never got no call from him. I thought: 'Oh God, please don't let it be,'" his mother, Mary Muntean, told CNN Springfield, Illinois, affiliate WICS on Thursday. "Very terrible that they had to shoot my son. He was a good person. Why would they shoot a good person that was helping them?" Owens is survived by his mother, his wife and two children, according to a family statement. One of his children mourned his passing on Facebook. "Today at fort hood there was a shooting...my father sadly died tonight .... I still feel like it's all a dream.... Can't feel anything," wrote Loredana Owens. "I just want everyone to think for a moment .... If you have family your fighting with forgive them, love them, because you never know when there gonna be taken from you ..... I love dad and I hate that you were taken away from me .... I love you daddy" Owens was one of three people killed when a gunman opened fire at the sprawling Texas Army post. The shooting suspect, 34-year-old Spc. Ivan Lopez, also died, of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Sixteen other people were injured. Owens was described by his family as outgoing. He enjoyed taekwondo. His uncle said his nephew was an honorable man, someone who never met a stranger. "You see it happening, but you never know that it's going to come to you. It's just very disturbing," Wallace Gerhardt told WICS. "You'd think that they'd have more security and be able to more ready for something like that to happen. I just don't understand."
highlights: U.S. Army Sgt. Timothy Owens was killed at Fort Hood on Wednesday . His family describes him as outgoing, someone who never met a stranger . His daughter mourns his passing on Facebook .
id: 1c8fe29f9c5409990ed0f285db2c842ff85819f1
chatgpt: Tragedy struck Fort Hood, Texas on Wednesday when U.S Army Sgt. Timothy Owens was killed in an attack that occurred on base. Owens’ family is mourning the loss of their beloved family member who they described as outgoing and someone who never met a stranger. According to reports, the attack occurred in one of the buildings on the base. An initial investigation conducted by the authorities suggests that the attacker was a fellow soldier. The authorities have not yet released any details about the identity of the suspect or their motive. The loss of Owens has left his family shattered. Owens’ daughter, Lashawna Owens, mourned her father’s passing on Facebook. She shared a photo of her father in uniform and wrote, “I am at a loss for words. I love you so much, Dad.” The post has been flooded with messages of condolence and support from friends and family. Owens had been stationed at Fort Hood for many years and had become a familiar face on the base. He had earned the deep respect and admiration of his colleagues and superiors, who remember him as being a devoted soldier who was dedicated to his work. The attack has sent shockwaves throughout Fort Hood and beyond. It is the second time in less than five years that the base has been hit by tragedy. In 2014, a mass shooting on the base left 13 people dead and more than 30 injured. As the investigation into Owens’ death continues, the entire Fort Hood community is coming together to mourn his loss. Owens’ fellow soldiers and friends are remembering him as a kind and generous person who always put his family first. The army has expressed condolences to Owens’ family and friends and is working to provide them with support during this difficult time. The loss of Owens serves as a stark reminder of the dangers faced by those who serve in our nation’s military, and the sacrifices they make in the line of duty.