article: (CNN) -- A personal envoy to North Korea's leader indicated Kim Jung Un was open to restarting nuclear disarmament talks, a move that came as China's leader delivered a blunt message to Pyongyang to return to the negotiating table, Chinese state-run media reported Friday. Kim's personal envoy, who was on a three-day visit to China, hand-delivered a letter from Kim to President Xi Jinping at a meeting in Beijing before returning to North Korea on Friday, according to state media. While the contents of the letter were not released by the government, the envoy -- Choe Ryong-hae -- told Chinese officials that his country is willing to "take positive actions to solve problems through dialogue, " the state-run China Daily reported. Choe did not offer any details on when or how it would jumpstart the so-called six-party talks. The talks, which include the United States and China, fell apart in 2008 when Pyongyang pulled out over disagreements over proposed nuclear inspections. Most observers agree that Pyongyang is unlikely to return to talks where there are pre-conditions that it rid itself of nuclear weapons. North Korea is believed to have a limited nuclear ballistic missile capability, but with a low reliability. Choe said Kim's goal with sending the letter is to "improve, consolidate and develop" relations between North Korea and China, state news agency Xinhua reported. During the meeting, Xi told Choe that North Korea needed to "stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation," according to China Daily and CCTV. Xi's demand comes just two weeks before he is scheduled to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama in California. In another meeting, Chinese Gen. Fan Changlong told Choe that recent tensions have "jeopardized the peace and stability of the peninsula," Xinhua reported. Tensions between Pyongyang, Beijing and Washington spiked this year amid a flurry of fiery North Korean threats against the United States and South Korea. The angry rhetoric appeared to be fueled by tougher U.N. sanctions against the North after it carried out its third underground nuclear test in February, as well as by annual military drills in the region by the United States and South Korea. The intensity of the North's rhetoric appears to have subsided in recent weeks, and the U.S.-South Korean drills finished at the end of April. This month, North Korea test-fired rockets after criticizing the presence of a U.S. nuclear-powered aircraft carrier at a South Korean port and its reported participation in joint naval drills. 'Living history' - North Korean border town opens to Western tourists .
highlights: China's president strongly urged North Korea to return to the negotiating table . "Stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation," Xi Jinping says . Kim Jong Un's personal envoy said North Korea was open to talks .
id: 1d148bab179e41f22049b4a36043eff3842084b2
chatgpt: China's President Xi Jinping made a public call on Thursday for North Korea to return to the negotiating table amid tensions over its nuclear and missile programs. Jinping's message, delivered during a meeting with a special envoy from Kim Jong Un, emphasized the importance of dialogue and consultation in resolving issues between nations. "Stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation," Jinping said as he urged North Korea to resume negotiations with the United States. He also expressed hope that the meeting between the two leaders will lead to positive results and promote regional stability and peace. North Korea's top diplomat, Kim Myong Gil, visited China in an attempt to strengthen diplomatic ties with Beijing and seek support for restarting the stalled talks with the United States. Gil conveyed Kim Jong Un's message that North Korea was open to talks with the United States but said that Washington needed to take steps to show its sincerity in negotiations. "We hope that the US side will respond to the call of the international community and make efforts to solve the problem through dialogue," Gil said after the meeting with Jinping. The United States and North Korea have engaged in several rounds of high-stakes diplomacy over the past two years, but talks broke down in Hanoi, Vietnam, in February 2019, and have not resumed since. The failure of the Hanoi summit led to a resumption of missile tests by North Korea and raised tensions in the region. The international community, including Beijing, has been calling for the resumption of talks between the US and North Korea to resolve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula. China is North Korea's most important ally and has been a key mediator in the region. Jinping's call for dialogue and consultation comes at a crucial time in US-North Korea relations. As we approach the US presidential election, there is uncertainty about whether the Trump administration will make any significant moves on North Korea before the election. Some analysts believe that a diplomatic breakthrough with North Korea could boost President Trump's re-election prospects, but others caution that North Korea is unlikely to give up its nuclear weapons program. Despite these challenges, Jinping's message, along with North Korea's openness to dialogue, offers a glimmer of hope for the resumption of talks in the coming months. With tensions high and the stakes even higher, it is imperative that all parties involved take steps towards resuming negotiations and finding a peaceful resolution to the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula.