article: By . Freya Noble . and Aap . An Australian woman who served eight months in an Indonesian jail for drug charges says she is happy to be free, but doesn't want to return Down Under. Julie Anne Joseph was arrested on the holiday island of Lombok last year after she was found with crystal meth, but is now upset she is being deported from the country she has made her home. Police assisted the 32-year-old after she was involved in a motorcycle accident, but grew suspicious of her behaviour. They found 1.72 grams of crystal meth when they searched her handbag. Julie Anne Joseph, pictured with Purniawal, head of security at Mataram Prison, was released from jail on Thursday but says she doesn't want to leave Indonesia . The woman was released from Mataram Prison on Thursday and although she covered her face with a scarf as she left the premises she couldn't hide her joy. The mother of two is now set to be deported back to Australia, after she was released into immigration custody where she will remain until she can present her passport. Joseph has two young kids back home in Australia, aged four and six . Joseph says she considers Bali her home, and regrets that she is banned from returning to Indonesia for six months, despite the fact she has a two children, aged four and six, back home in Australia. 'My home, my clothes, my pet dog are all in Bali,' she said. 'But because this is an Indonesian government regulation, I'll just follow it.' Her kids are said to have visited her in jail, along with some of her friends. Joseph said she hopes to return to Indonesia some day. During her trial Joseph apologised to the court and pleaded for a short sentence for the sake of her two young children. However prosecutors pushed for charges carrying a maximum sentence of four years, despite accepting that the meth was for the single mother's personal use. The former truck driver was sentenced to eight month and given credit for time she had already served before the trial. At her trial, the court heard Joseph was in 'a state of depression' when she accepted the small package of meth from a man she had just met in a bar in the tourist area of Senggigi. The head of prison security, Purniawal, told reporters that while in prison, she had mastered the Indonesian language, attended yoga classes and Christian religious instruction. 'We believe that she will continue behaving well and hopefully, her life will improve and we will never meet again in prison,' he said. The single mum (centre) was arrested last year after police found her with 1.73 grams of crystal meth .
highlights: Julie Anne Joseph served eight months in an Indonesian jail . Arrested on Lombok last year with 1.73 grams of crystal meth in her bag . Has two young children home in Australia but said she doesn't want to leave Bali . Prison security say she is not likely to re-offend and mastered the Indonesian language while imprisoned .
id: fdb1ab635ce7ba461231224d1d24706143dbdd90
chatgpt: Australian national Julie Anne Joseph has been released from an Indonesian jail after serving eight months for drug possession. Joseph was arrested on the island of Lombok last year when authorities found 1.73 grams of crystal meth in her bag.  The mother of two young children who are currently in Australia, Joseph had expressed that she did not want to leave Bali. Prison officials at Kerobokan Prison, where Joseph was incarcerated, praised her behavior during her time in jail. According to them, she learned the Indonesian language and did not cause any trouble during her stay.  Reportedly, prison security deemed that Joseph was not likely to re-offend and would not cause any harm to society. Her case had garnered international attention, with many pleading for her release.  Speaking to reporters after her release, Joseph said, "I would like to thank everyone who has supported me throughout these tough months. I am grateful to be reunited with my family and to be given a second chance at life."  Drug offenses are taken very seriously in Indonesia, and the country has very strict laws relating to drug-related crimes. Possession of even small amounts of drugs can lead to long-term imprisonment, and even the death penalty.  Joseph's case highlights the importance of being wary of the legal implications when traveling abroad. It is essential to research the local laws and customs of a foreign country to avoid any misunderstandings or violations. Joseph's release from prison is a rare occurrence in a country where drug-related offenses attract heavy penalties. She has been given a second chance at life and is now free to return to her family in Australia. Her case emphasizes that foreign travelers must be careful and mindful of local laws when traveling abroad.