article: (CNN) -- A top drug lord has been gunned down in Mexico after two days of shootouts between armed forces and members of a criminal organization, a national security spokesman said Friday. Nazario Moreno Gonzalez, also known as "El Chayo" or "El Doctor" was killed as part of an operation in the Mexican southwestern state of Michoacan, according to spokesman Alejandro Poire. Poire also said that members of the federal police, army, air force and navy participated in the joint operation centered in the city of Apatzingan and the surrounding mountainous region. Moreno was one of the main leaders and founders of the drug cartel known as "La Familia Michoacana," according to Poire. "This drug cartel began operations under the name of 'La Empresa' (The Enterprise) around the year 2000 and has terrorized the population in Michoacan ever since, not only trafficking and producing drugs, but also extorting, kidnapping, and murdering people," he said. The national security spokesman said that five federal police officers and three civilians have died during the joint operation, still under way as of Friday afternoon. He also said that three members of La Familia were killed and three others have been captured. "During the retreat and escape of these criminals, they have been picking up those members of the criminal group who have been wounded and presumably died," said Poire, who said it is too soon to provide an accurate number of deaths and arrests. "It's time to intensify the pressure on this organization in order to diminish crime in the (Michoacan) region in an efficient and permanent way," said Poire. He said the Mexican government is sending more armed forces to the conflict zone. La Familia's stronghold is in the state of Michoacan -- also the home state of Mexican President Felipe Calderon, who sent thousands of federal troops there after declaring a crackdown on cartels at the beginning of his presidency. Gunfire from high-powered weapons greeted police when the operation began Wednesday, Poire said. From there, the violence escalated. Two minors were killed during the operation, when gunmen shot at civilian cars and later used the vehicles as barricades, Poire said Thursday. Nearby, suspected members of the cartel set trucks and buses ablaze on highways to block approaching federal police.
highlights: Nazario Moreno Gonzalez was a key leader of "La Familia Michoacana" Five police officers and three civilians have also been killed in two days of shootouts . Joint operation with police, armed forces is aimed at pressuring the cartel .
id: b6ac70891965b2d8a0d2bed272f7cdb5446fda83
chatgpt: Mexico continues to battle the ongoing war against drug cartels as violence erupted in the state of Michoacan. Nazario Moreno Gonzalez, a key leader of the notoriously cruel "La Familia Michoacana," was targeted and killed by authorities on Friday. Gonzalez, who was also known by the alias "El Chayo," was one of the most feared drug lords in the country. He was notorious for his brutal tactics and was responsible for a multitude of violent crimes, including kidnappings and murders. The operation to capture Gonzalez was part of a joint effort between Mexican police, armed forces, and intelligence agencies, which was aimed at pressuring the cartel. The operation led to a series of intense shootouts, which lasted for two days and resulted in the deaths of five police officers and three civilians. The violence that continues to plague Mexico is a result of the country's struggle against drug cartels. These criminal organizations operate beyond the law, and their impact on civilians is often devastating. High levels of criminal activity and violence have become an integral part of Mexico's society, leading to insecurity and instability. The Mexican government has been working tirelessly to counter the influence of the cartels. The joint operation in Michoacan is just one of many efforts to combat crime and bring peace to the troubled regions of the country. As part of this effort, the government has increased patrols, implemented surveillance measures, and put pressure on cartel financiers. Despite these efforts, the war on drugs continues to pose a significant challenge for Mexico's security forces. The cartels are deeply entrenched within the country, and their influence extends all the way from local communities to the federal government. The violence and corruption that they generate have had an enormous impact on Mexico's economy, society, and political stability. As the hunt for other cartel leaders continues, the Mexican government remains resolute in its fight against crime, violence, and instability. The joint operation in Michoacan is a step towards creating a safer, more secure Mexico. However, it is an uphill battle that will require a sustained effort from all levels of the government and society.