article: Jose Mourinho believes Chelsea must learn how to unpick opponents who throw 10 men behind the ball or miss out on the Barclays Premier League crown again. The Portuguese manager admits his Stamford Bridge side fell short in last term's Barclays Premier League title race due to a lack of final-third quality. Mourinho believes new recruits Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa will help solve that problem, with Chelsea opening their league campaign at Burnley on Monday. New dimension: Cesc Fabregas (second left) and Diego Costa will offer Chelsea more quality . The Portuguese boss admitted Chelsea have worked extensively in pre-season on unpicking opponents who set out solely to nullify his side's threats. 'We need more quality in our football,' said Mourinho. 'When you have matches with space and time it's much easier to play football. 'When you don't have space and time because a lot of football is based around tactics and systems: in a very simple way, everything depends on space and time. 'And when you don't have space and time to play, you need more quality. 'We are working exactly in that direction. 'We need more quality in our game, and we are working on that. 'We have worked on exactly that in training, expecting a team to be defensive and try to close every road to goal.' Touch of class: Fabregas will complement Chelsea's box-to-box midfield runners . Last term, Mourinho's first season in his second managerial tenure at Chelsea, ended with no silverware reward. Defeats like the galling 1-0 home reverse to relegation-battling Sunderland left Mourinho defending his top stars at the time. Now though the Chelsea manager has conceded only sharper build-up play will allow the west London club to break their trophy deadlock. The Chelsea boss believes Fabregas will offer a new dimension in midfield play this term to complement a host of box-to-box runners. The former Real Madrid and Inter manager said none of his midfielders will command automatic selection - but neither will any be out in the cold. Deadly Diego: Costa will offer Chelsea more clinical finishing than they had from their strikers last season . 'That is not so tough, because we play 60 matches in a season,' he said. 'In this first two weeks it's one match a week, but after that starts the cups, the Champions League and the national team. 'So you have to adapt, nobody will feel they are first or second choice. 'Mikel, Matic, Ramires, Fabregas, Schurrle, Van Ginkel: so everyone will play, everyone will feel useful, important. 'On the field we have a very good balance.' VIDEO Chelsea are title contenders - Mourinho .
highlights: Chelsea must learn how to get past teams who put 10 men behind ball . Costa and Fabregas will help to solve that problem . Mourinho admits Chelsea need 'more quality' in their football . Fabregas will offer something different to Chelsea's box-to-box midfielders .
id: 8b3234b8416927bc119c2cb6880ecfba2cae5d2a
chatgpt: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has acknowledged that his side need "more quality" to break down teams that put 10 men behind the ball, but believes that the additions of Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas will help to solve that problem. The Blues struggled at times last season against teams who came to Stamford Bridge and set up defensively, dropping points in games against the likes of West Ham and Sunderland. Mourinho, a master of the counter-attacking game, has always preferred to play on the break and soak up pressure before pouncing on the opposition. However, with teams now more aware of Chelsea's tactics, Mourinho has admitted that his side need to find other ways to penetrate defensive lines. "We need more quality, more creativity, we need players who can break the deadlock. Sometimes you cannot play counter-attack football, sometimes you need more than that," the Portuguese coach said. Mourinho believes that the arrivals of Costa and Fabregas, both signed from Atletico Madrid and Barcelona respectively, will provide that extra dimension that Chelsea require. Costa, a powerful striker, will add some much-needed physicality up front, while Fabregas can offer something different to Chelsea's box-to-box midfielders. Fabregas, who has already impressed with his passing ability and vision in preseason, is likely to slot in alongside Nemanja Matic in the centre of midfield, with Oscar playing in a more advanced role behind Costa. The Spanish international is expected to dictate play and provide Chelsea with the creativity they need to break down stubborn defenses. Mourinho has also been working on other ways to penetrate defensive walls, such as using full-backs Cesar Azpilicueta and Branislav Ivanovic to provide width and stretch teams across the pitch. Chelsea's midfielders will also be encouraged to make late runs into the box to create additional threats. Chelsea's opening game of the season against Swansea City proved to be a good test of their ability to break down a dogged defense. The Welsh side, managed by former Chelsea assistant Garry Monk, set up with a back five and frustrated the home side for long periods of the game. However, it was Fabregas who provided the breakthrough, threading a perfectly-weighted pass to Andre Schurrle, who finished with aplomb to give Chelsea a 1-0 victory. The result was a perfect start to the season for Mourinho's side, who will be looking to mount a serious title challenge this year. With the likes of Manchester City and Manchester United spending heavily in the transfer market, the pressure will be on Chelsea to deliver. However, with the additions of Costa and Fabregas, and a renewed focus on breaking down stubborn defenses, Mourinho will be quietly confident of success. As he said after the Swansea game: "We always believe in ourselves. We are ready to fight for the title."