article: The Northern Lights, the London skyline and Mont Blanc have been named the top three sights in the world to see from a plane. Sydney Harbour and the Golden Gate Bridge make up the top five best views to experience from the cockpit, according to a survey of pilots. British Airways asked captains with experience of flying 180 different routes for their favourite approaches. Scroll down for video . Top sight: The Northern Lights was named the best view in the world by pilots . On a high: London's approached into Heathrow, pictured in 2011, scooped second place . 1 Northern Lights - on North American flights2 Central London - Approach into Heathrow3 Mont Blanc - Approach to Pisa4 Sydney Harbour - Departure from Sydney5 Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz and bay - Approach into San Francisco6 Greenland - North Atlantic flights7 Venetian canals - Approach into Venice 8 Table Mountain - Approach into Cape Town9 Dubrovnik - Approach into Dubrovnik10 Mount Fuji - Approach or Departure from Tokyo (Narita) The Northern Lights, the night-time phenomenon of spectacular coloured lights in the sky during the winter months in the northern hemisphere, scooped the top slot. While thousands of holidaymakers regularly travel to places like Norway and Iceland to experience them, pilots regularly encounter them on late night North American routes. BA captain Dave Willsher said: 'If you're not already asleep this is an amazing sight three to four hours into most long North American flights. 'Well worth staying up for.' Second in the list is the view of London as planes approach Heathrow - named above a host of more exotic locations. Seat with a view! Mont Blanc was named the third best sight to see from a plane window . Views Down Under: Pilots voted the view of Sydney Harbour in Australia as the fourth best sight . Mont Blanc, seen on the approach to Pisa airport in Italy was third, followed by the view of Sydney Harbour when leaving the Australian city by air. Others to be singled out in the top ten include Golden Gate Bridge when approaching San Francisco, and Greenland as seen on most North Atlantic crossings. The canals of Venice, Table Mountain in . Cape Town, Dubrovnik in Croatia and Japan's Mount Fuji, all seen best . when approaching the destinations, make up the rest of the top 10. Top five: The Golden Gate Bridge on approach to San Francisco was voted in fifth place . British Airways' chief Boeing pilot, Captain Al Bridger, said: 'We get some spectacular views from the cockpit and many of these can be seen by everyone on board.' But his favourite sight of all was the most unusual. Capt Bridger added: 'Flying to Singapore I had the rare privilege of seeing the Soyuz 35S space craft returning to Earth.'
highlights: British Airways asked pilots that have flown 180 routes for their best views . Northern Lights was named the best sight to see from a plane window . London skyline seen as approaching Heathrow scooped second spot .
id: 57f384e92fb846075e2efeb4056bcd3ee0f99ff6
chatgpt: British Airways, the flag carrier airline of the United Kingdom, has recently asked its pilots to reveal their best views from the cockpit as part of a survey. With over 45,000 flights operated by the airline each week, it is no secret that pilots have the best seat in the house when it comes to seeing the world. What may come as a surprise, however, is that the Northern Lights topped the list as the best sight to see from a plane window. Pilots were asked to submit their favorite views after flying at least 180 different routes, meaning that the responses were based on extensive experience rather than a one-off fluke. It was found that, according to the pilots, nothing quite beats the ethereal beauty of the Northern Lights, which illuminate the skies over the Arctic and Antarctic regions. The fact that these remote regions can only be accessed by plane served only to make the experience all the more special for the pilots. On top of the list was the chance to witness the Aurora Borealis, which was described as an awe-inspiring display of color that truly takes one's breath away. The natural phenomenon, characterized by the appearance of dancing lights in the sky, is caused by the interaction between solar particles and the earth's magnetic field. To see it from above, as the pilots do, must be a truly unforgettable experience. Second on the list was an altogether different kind of view, but one that is equally as impressive. For pilots approaching Heathrow Airport, the London skyline is a sight that never gets old. In fact, pilots often take special requests from passengers to provide them with the best possible view of the capital city as they come in to land. With iconic landmarks such as the London Eye, the Shard, and Buckingham Palace visible from the air, it is easy to see why the cityscape took second place on the list. Other views that made the top 10 list included Mount Everest, Sydney Harbour, and the Grand Canyon, all of which highlight the sheer variety of incredible sights that pilots are fortunate enough to witness as part of their job. The survey comes at a time when the airline, like many others in the industry, has been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic. With passenger numbers at an all-time low, it is understandable that the company may want to take the time to celebrate some of the positive aspects of the aviation industry. The results of the survey are not only a fascinating insight into what pilots consider to be the most stunning views from their perspective but also a welcome reminder of the beauty of the world that awaits us as we begin to travel once again. In conclusion, the Northern Lights topping the list of best sights to see from a plane window, according to British Airways pilots, is a testament to the otherworldly beauty of the natural phenomenon. With the London skyline taking second place, it is great to see that pilots continue to appreciate the incredible views that their job affords them. It is also a reminder that, despite the challenges currently facing the aviation industry, there is still much to celebrate when it comes to the joy of flying.