article: By . MailOnline Reporter . A Florida mom says her 4-year-old boy was kicked out of his preschool because of a Facebook post she wrote. Ashley Habat was angry that her son Will's school, Sonshine Christian Academy in Callahan, didn't give parents enough time to prepare for picture day, WJXT reported. So she complained about the private school on Facebook. 'Why is it that every single day there is something new I dislike about Will's School?' she wrote on Aug. 21. 'Are my standards really too high or are people working in the education field really just that ignorant.' Florida mom Ashley Habat says her son Will's preschool kicked him out over a Facebook post she wrote . Habat says she wrote this Facebook post because she thought Sonshine Chrisitan Academy didn't give parents enough time to prepare for picture day. A day later, administrators told her little Will was not welcome back . The next morning, a school administrator called her into main office — and told her Will was no longer invited to go there, according to WJXT. 'They just felt like we weren't the right fit of parent relationship with the school and that they didn't want him as a student anymore,' she told the station. 'He had done nothing wrong.' In a letter reviewed by WJXT, the school said that the mom's 'relationship with Sonshine did not get off to a very good start the first day of school. 'You utilized social media to call into question not only the integrity but the intelligence of our staff,' the letter continued. 'These actions are also consistent with sowing discord, which is spoken of in the handbook you signed.' In a letter, Sonshine Christian Academy (pictured) says Habat's relationship with the school 'did not get off to a very good start' Habat was shocked. 'Why would you expel a 4-year-old over something his mom posts on her private Facebook page only people on her friends list can see?' she told WJXT. School principal Lorie Johnson told the station that the matter is private and declined to comment.
highlights: Florida mom Ashley Habat says her son was kicked out over a Facebook vent on her Facebook page . Sonshine Christian Academy in Callahan told Habat that her actions were 'consistent with sowing discord' and that 4-year-old will was not to return .
id: 0b7d1e7a3ef005e85b93938a6766b78b442b88fa
chatgpt: A Florida mom, Ashley Habat, is outraged after she claims her four-year-old son was kicked out of Sonshine Christian Academy in Callahan over a Facebook post she wrote on her personal page. According to Habat, she vented on Facebook about the school's lack of communication when it came to important school events. However, she insisted that the post was meant to be private and only for her friends, not for public consumption. Nevertheless, someone at the private Christian school saw the post and felt that it was "sowing discord" and therefore not consistent with their values. Habat was soon called into the principal's office where she claims she was told that her son, Will, was no longer welcome at the school. Habat says that the whole situation is ridiculous and that she never imagined that a private Facebook post would have such drastic consequences. She says that the school should have come to her first and talked to her about the issue rather than immediately kicking her child out of the school. Despite Habat's protests, the school stands by its decision. In a statement, Sonshine Christian Academy said, "We believe that partnering with parents to develop Christian character in our students is important. Part of that process involves nurturing communication between the school and parents. When concerns arise, we encourage our parents to dialogue with us about their concerns in a constructive and private manner. Consistent with that guiding principle, we would like to remind our parents of the importance of maintaining constructive communication and dialogue with the school administration." Habat has since enrolled her son in a new school and says that she is still in shock over what happened. She says that she had never experienced anything like this before and that she is disappointed that the school didn't give her a chance to rectify the situation before taking such drastic action. The incident has sparked a debate about the role of social media in disciplinary action at schools. While some people believe that schools have the right to take action against parents who post negative comments about them online, others argue that private Facebook posts should not be the grounds for kicking a child out of school. As for Habat, she says that she has learned her lesson about keeping personal posts private and that she hopes that other parents will do the same.