article: (CNN) -- Ford's Europe boss says the car giant is sticking with the UK despite the slumping currency and friction with European partners. Stephen Odell -- chief executive officer of the U.S. automaker's European division -- told CNN the debate over a UK referendum on EU membership is not an "inhibitor" to Ford's investment strategy in the short term. U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron is pledging to offer the British electorate a vote by 2017 on whether Europe's second largest economy remains in the 27-nation political union. In January, Cameron said the British people should have a choice about whether to remain in the EU on the basis of a renegotiated settlement -- or to leave. The referendum should not be held until it's clear how changes made after the crisis in the eurozone work out, he said. Speaking from the Geneva Motor Show in Switzerland, Odell told CNN: "I hope sense prevails as we start to move potentially towards a referendum." He added: "From a business perspective to elect and decide to vote to move away from 50% of your business partnership doesn't strike me as a very good view." Odell also said the weak pound would not deter Ford's operation in the UK. Sterling is under pressure as investors anticipate new stimulus measures from the Bank of England. "The U.K. [car] industry last year was quite buoyant because the pound was strong against the euro but I don't think that's a principle driver of our decision," said Odell. This week Ford is launching its new Tourneo Courier at the Geneva Motor Show, with the people carrier set to hit UK showrooms next spring. Odell says Ford is already beginning to see encouraging signs in sales in the European car industry. "There are some signs on supplier purchasing, on our own order banks that there are some green shoots..... we could start to see some sort of recovery slow in the second half [of 2013]."
highlights: Ford Europe CEO says UK debate on EU membership not short term "inhibitor" Odell also said the weak pound against euro would not deter Ford's operation in the UK . U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron is pledging to offer the British electorate vote on Europe by 2017 .
id: b068c43a7ee2df4d9da9da4ee934e8f5fe6f79a6
chatgpt: The CEO of Ford Europe, Steve Odell, has stated that the ongoing debate regarding the UK's membership in the European Union will not have a short-term negative impact on the company. Despite concerns about the UK's weakening currency, Odell remains confident in Ford's operation in the UK. With British Prime Minister David Cameron announcing his pledge to offer a referendum on EU membership by 2017, many businesses have been left uncertain about their future plans. However, Odell's comments suggest that Ford will continue to operate in the UK, regardless of the outcome of the referendum. Speaking at a conference in Brussels, Odell explained that while the debate on EU membership may cause uncertainty in the short term, he does not anticipate it to have a significant impact on Ford's business. "We have operated in the UK for over 100 years and we have seen a lot of political change during that time," Odell stated. "We are used to political cycles and political discussions, and their impact on businesses." Odell's comments also addressed concerns about the weakening pound against the euro. Despite the fact that the pound has reached a 5-year low against the euro, Odell made it clear that this would not have a detrimental effect on Ford's operations in the UK. Ford is a major employer in the UK, with over 11,000 employees across the country. The company has invested heavily in the UK over the past few years, including a £190 million investment in a new engine plant in Dagenham. Many other businesses and organizations within the UK have expressed concerns about the uncertainty surrounding the country's future relationship with the EU. However, Odell's comments suggest that some companies may be more resilient to the short-term impact of the debate, though long-term effects are yet to be seen. The debate on EU membership has been a hot topic for many businesses in the UK, and it seems that uncertainty will continue until the results of the referendum are known. However, Odell's comments are a reassuring sign for those who may have worried about the immediate impact of the debate on the UK's economy.