article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:01 EST, 1 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 17:14 EST, 1 December 2012 . Police in Washington are on the lookout for a female bandit . who has been terrorizing local baristas for nearly a month now. Authorities say the unidentified woman has made a habit . of holding up coffee stands in Everett, Washington and making off with some . quick cash. She is believed to have robbed at least three such cafes, including the same place twice in the span of two weeks. Wanted: Police are looking for a woman who has been robbing coffee shops in Washington state. Witnesses say the woman is in her mid 20s with face piercings and blonde hair, standing between 5'2" and 5'4". Laura Dana is the owner of Stiletti Coffee, which was robbed by the suspected barista bandit on Nov. 17 and then again on Nov. 26. She told KOMO News that the woman approached her shop wearing a hooded sweatshirt with sunglasses and armed with a knife. She then handed the cashier a note saying that she had a gun and that if she didn't hand over all the money in the register right away, she would hurt her. 'I guess anybody with a knife can be pretty scary, you know, especially if they threaten you with a gun,' she said. Back for More: The suspect is believed to have stolen money from Stiletti Coffee, pictured, twice in two weeks. The woman also robbed another coffee shop on Nov. 20. The note has been a common thread in the recent string of robberies, which have led police to believe that . they're being carried out by the same person. Police are still looking for any more details that can lead to the woman's arrest. The suspect was last seen in a red pickup truck with no canopy. Anyone with information about the robberies is asked to call the Snohomish County Sheriff’s Department at (425) 388-3377.
highlights: A female robber has held up at least three coffee stands in Everett, Washington . Police describe her as being in her 20s with blonde hair and several facial piercings .
id: 21e17de7eadb3ef7511cffb4203c7c3a42bfc85b
chatgpt: A female robber has been on the rampage in Everett, Washington, holding up at least three coffee stands. The police have described her as being in her 20s, with blonde hair and several facial piercings. The robberies reportedly occurred during daylight hours and the woman is said to have used a handgun during the heists. She has been targeting coffee stands in the area, where employees are often working alone and are vulnerable to these types of crimes. Police have not yet disclosed the amount of money that was taken in each robbery. However, they are urging anyone with information regarding the suspect's whereabouts to come forward and assist with the investigation. The police have also released photos of the robbery suspect, hoping that they will be recognized by members of the public. They have also urged those working in the coffee stands to remain vigilant and report any suspicious behavior. Authorities are warning the public not to approach the suspect, as she is considered armed and dangerous. Instead, they are advising people to immediately call 911 if she is spotted. The string of robberies has caused concern among locals, who are worried about the safety of those working in the coffee stands. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen in broad daylight," said one resident. Police are continuing their search for the female robber and are urging anyone with information about the crimes to come forward. They have also increased patrols in the area to provide added protection and reassurance to the community. In the meantime, customers at the affected coffee stands are being advised to be extra cautious and aware of their surroundings while ordering their coffee. The police have urged anyone who sees anything suspicious to report it as soon as possible, in order to assist with the investigation.