article: (CNN) -- With a parade of performers already canceling appearances at SeaWorld, now at least one school class says it's dropping a long-scheduled trip to the park over concerns about the treatment of whales as shown in the documentary "Blackfish." The overnight trip to SeaWorld has been a tradition for fifth-graders at Point Dume Marine Science Elementary School in Malibu, California, for at least a decade, according to Principal Rebecca Johnson, but concerns from parents and students including one determined 10-year-old prompted a decision to go elsewhere on this year's trip. Although Johnson mostly credited parents for influencing the change, several parents CNN spoke with said 10-year-old Kirra Kotler played a major role in the decision. The girl watched the film "Blackfish" with her parents and immediately afterward announced, "I never want to go to SeaWorld again," according to her father, Kirby Kotler. The Kotler family had taken trips to SeaWorld several times, he said. Kirby, 50, who attended Point Dume the year it first opened, said the entire family was affected by the film but Kirra became especially determined. "She's always said she's going to be a veterinarian," Kirby said. "She's very passionate about animals." 'Blackfish': A chilling doc on captive killer whales . A SeaWorld spokesman told CNN by e-mail that Point Dume "is the only instance of a camp cancellation that we've experienced." Dave Koontz, SeaWorld's communications director, also wrote that the theme park believes "Blackfish" is misleading and inaccurate. "It's disappointing that this year's class (from Point Dume) will not be participating because of the film," he wrote. "Blackfish" -- which first aired on CNN in October -- traces a 39-year history of killer whales in captivity leading up to the 2010 killing of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by the 12,000-pound orca, Tilikum, a whale previously associated with the death of two other people. At least seven entertainers and groups, from the Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies to country music singer Martina McBride, have canceled appearances at SeaWorld in the wake of "Blackfish." After seeing the film, Kirra Kirby wanted to share it with her friends, her father said. She was determined to get the school to consider other options for the annual trip. 'Blackfish' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks . "She's very shy," Kirby said of his daughter. "But she finally found her voice." Kirby said Kirra launched a word-of-mouth to campaign for the change, in some cases receiving backlash from fellow students who thought she was trying to cancel their overnight trip entirely instead of just changing the destination. Principal Johnson said she is in the process of verifying details for a new trip. Willie Nelson: 'What they do at SeaWorld is not OK'
highlights: A Malibu, California, school has sent students to SeaWorld annually . But the film "Blackfish" prompts parents and a determined student to push for change . A school trip is canceled -- SeaWorld says it's the first, and it's "disappointing" Several performers have canceled SeaWorld dates since "Blackfish" aired .
id: 53c9ac3805668460b076b8049e4e11d685aba58e
chatgpt: A Malibu, California, school has made a monumental decision to cancel its annual trip to SeaWorld. The decision came after parents and a student expressed concern in the wake of the release of the documentary film "Blackfish," which highlighted alleged mistreatment of animals at SeaWorld. SeaWorld expressed its disappointment at the move saying it was the first time in many years of association that any school had canceled a trip to the marine park. For years, students from Malibu's schools have enjoyed the opportunity to visit SeaWorld as part of their academic programs. However, after the controversial 2013 documentary film "Blackfish," which criticized the mistreatment of killer whales captive in the park, the school's annual tradition was put into question. In the documentary, various instances of animal mistreatment were highlighted, including the separation of mothers and calves, forced breeding, and the alleged use of pain-inflicting treatments on whales. The film sparked widespread protests and led to several performers canceling their appearances at SeaWorld. Earlier this year, a concerned student at the Malibu school decided to take action against the annual school trip to the park. The student started a petition and received over 100 signatures from fellow students and parents, urging the school's administration to reconsider their visit to SeaWorld. The school then conducted a poll with the students and staff, and it was decided that the annual trip to the park would be canceled. The decision was based on the school's concerns for animal welfare and the negative impact of the park's practices on marine life.  SeaWorld expressed its disappointment at the move, stating that it had been working hard to improve its commitment to animal welfare. The park emphasized its efforts to promote conservation, animal rehabilitation, and rescue work, which it said were often misrepresented in the media.  Despite SeaWorld's efforts to promote its programs, many people continue to boycott the park. The cancellation of the Malibu school trip marks a critical milestone, as it is the first institution to forgo the annual visit. The move could set a precedent for others to follow. The students of Malibu school, with the support of their parents, have shown the world that by taking a stand, they can make a difference. Their decision to question the school's annual trip to SeaWorld and push for change proves that small efforts can lead to significant developments. With the continued support of parents, students, and like-minded individuals, it is possible to help end animal cruelty and promote animal welfare awareness.