article: By . Simeon Gholam . Follow @@SimGholam . Steven Gerrard has admitted that England shouldn't have pushed for the late winner in their heartbreaking defeat against Uruguay, and instead should have settled for the draw. His Liverpool team-mate Luis Suarez gave the South American side the lead before half time, but a close range Wayne Rooney effort pulled the Three Lions level. Roy Hodgson's side then spent the closing stages pushing for a winner, only to be hit by Suarez going the other way, and Gerrard knows that England should have been more cautious in their approach. Consoled: Steven Gerrard is embraced by club mate Luis Suarez after England's heartbreaking defeat . Acceptance: Gerrard admits that England should have controlled the game better in the closing stages . 'We never managed the game well enough when we got the equaliser. We can’t give chances to Luis Suarez because he buries them from that position,' Gerrard told reporters after the game. 'I just thought we needed to be a bit more clever, a bit more cute and a bit more difficult to beat. 'Maybe accept that going for a point might have been the best option. 'At 1-1 as a team we sort of went for the second goal and maybe we should have been more experienced and gone for the draw.' The 34-year-old spoke of his disappointment about England's campaign, arguing that their performances against Italy and Uruguay have warranted better than a pointless return. Key moment: Gerrard with defenders Gary Cahill and Phil Jagielka after their defeat . Trudged: The captain walking down the tunnel deflated at the end of the game . 'I’m sort of frustrated because looking at the two games and how we have performed, we sort of deserve something out of either one of them if not both of them,' he added. 'I don’t think I am standing here saying we were poor in both games and our gameplan was wrong. 'At this level it is such a cruel level. You can’t give world class players chances – that’s one thing – and when you are still in the game you need to be more difficult to beat and that was the disappointing thing for me. 'Italy are a fantastic team and capable of winning both games but we're clutching at straws. The position we're in is the position we didn't want to be in coming into the tournament, relying on other people's results. It's very difficult at the moment.'
highlights: England should have settled for the draw against Uruguay, admits Gerrard . Luis Suarez gave Uruguay the lead before Wayne Rooney equaliser . But Liverpool forward struck late on to break Three Lions' hearts . If Italy fail to beat Costa Rica on Friday, then England will be eliminated .
id: e61b0b7d1de3a1cd146d450e7c3315335ad0b6c0
chatgpt: Steven Gerrard, the captain of the English national football team has said that England should have settled for a draw in their second match of the World Cup against Uruguay. Although England managed to equalise through Wayne Rooney, Luis Suarez scored a late winner for Uruguay that left England with no points from two games.  Speaking to the media after the match, Gerrard said, "I think a draw was a fair result, and we would have been satisfied with that. We had a lot of possession, but we didn't really create too many chances after Rooney's goal." England had dominated possession for much of the match, but lacked the creativity and cutting edge to score the winner. However, it was Uruguay's star striker Suarez who proved to be the difference between the two sides. Having missed the first match of the tournament due to injury, Suarez showed why he is one of the best strikers in the world with a well-taken goal in the first half. He then scored the winner in the 85th minute, breaking England's hearts and leaving them on the brink of elimination. Rooney's equaliser had given England hope of salvaging a point from the match. The Manchester United forward scored his first ever World Cup goal in the 75th minute, after some good work down the left-hand side by Glen Johnson. However, it was not enough to prevent England from suffering their second defeat in the competition. England's hopes of qualifying for the knockout stages now depend on other results. If Italy fail to beat Costa Rica on Friday, England will be eliminated from the tournament. Italy are currently level on points with England, but have a better goal difference. England will play their final group match against Costa Rica next Tuesday. They will need to win by a big margin and hope that Italy beat Uruguay to have any chance of progressing to the next round. However, the performance of the team so far in this competition has left fans and pundits alike questioning if they are capable of turning things around. In conclusion, England's hopes of winning the World Cup are now hanging by a thread. They will need to produce a much better performance in their final group match if they are to keep their dreams alive. With the loss to Uruguay, the chances of qualifying for the knockout stages now look slim. However, football is a game that has always been capable of producing surprises, and England fans will be hoping that their team can pull off a shock result in their final match.