article: (CNN) -- An Arkansas student says his high school is "history" after school officials pulled a profile of him from the school yearbook because he is openly gay. Taylor Ellis, 17, told CNN affiliate KATV that Sheridan High School pulled seven student profiles from the Yellowjacket yearbook rather than publish an account based on his coming out. "It's a big thing in Sheridan to be gay," the yearbook's assistant editor, Hannah Bruner, told KATV of why she profiled Ellis. "That something that doesn't get told a lot." In a statement, Sheridan Superintendent Brenda Haynes said, "We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students and for our community. We must not make decisions based on demands by any special interest group. The seven profiles will not be published in the yearbook." She added, "We have reviewed state law, court cases, and our own policies. It is clear that the adults who have the responsibility for the operation of the District have the obligation to make decisions which are consistent with the mission of our school. We have done so." The district decided to scrap the seven profiles rather than publish Ellis' story, Bruner said. To Ellis, the reason for taking out all the profiles was clear. "We have a good idea why they're not going into the yearbook," he said. "They don't want to just throw out the gay kid's interview." Ellis, who came out a year ago, said he didn't understand the decision. "I'm already openly gay," he told KATV, "so there's no reason that it should affect how people see me." Bruner's profile of Ellis said, in part, "Although the thought of coming out and the repercussions of doing so, frightened Ellis at first, he found that most of the student body, as well as the teachers, were very accepting of him." Ellis' mother said the principal, Rodney Williams, contacted her. "I didn't understand, because there had been no problems, so I ask him, 'have you had threats?' " Lynn Tiley told KATV. "He said, 'no, ma'am, just his well-being.' " On Tuesday, representatives from a national civil rights organization staged a demonstration on the State Capitol steps in support of Ellis, KATV reported. "This discriminatory exclusion by Sheridan High School administrators has nothing to do with Arkansas values," said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign. On Wednesday, Williams was to receive a petition with more than 30,000 signatures asking that the decision be reversed, KATV reported. The Human Rights Campaign urged Gov. Mike Beebe and the state's education commissioner, Tom Kimbrell, to intervene, but representatives of their offices said it was a matter for the local school district. "They're history," Ellis said of his high school. "When I'm done with Sheridan, I'm done with Sheridan. I have one more year, and after that, I'll thank God every day that I'm not there anymore." Legislators to universities: Assign gay material, see your money cut .
highlights: Taylor Ellis, 17, says officials killed the profile that told of his coming out . Yearbook's assistant editor: "It's big thing in Sheridan to be gay" Superintendent: "We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students"
id: 9067bd17c87e780440e02e72ba732ca2f1629bd2
chatgpt: In the small town of Sheridan, Wyoming, 17-year-old Taylor Ellis says he's been silenced by school officials after attempting to come out as gay in his yearbook profile. According to Ellis, the administration removed his profile from the yearbook after deeming it inappropriate. But to Ellis, the move is a clear form of discrimination. "It's a big thing in Sheridan to be gay," says the yearbook's assistant editor, Ashley Summers. "We have a couple of LGBTQ+ students, and it's important to show that we support them." But school officials say the decision to remove Ellis' profile from the yearbook was based on concerns about appropriateness and student safety. According to Superintendent Craig Dougherty, "We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students." However, Ellis and his supporters disagree. They argue that his profile, which described his experiences coming to terms with his sexuality, was entirely appropriate, given that his fellow students are likely to have similar experiences. And by removing the profile, they say, the school is effectively erasing the experiences of its LGBTQ+ students. "It's hard to feel accepted when parts of who you are get deleted," says Ellis. The controversy has sparked debate and protests in the Sheridan community, with some students and parents expressing support for Ellis and others defending the school's decision. "We need to support all of our students, regardless of their sexual orientation," says Summers. "It's important to show that we accept everyone for who they are." But others argue that the school has a responsibility to protect all of its students, including those who may be uncomfortable or unsafe around LGBTQ+ individuals. "It's not about being discriminatory," says one parent, who asked to remain anonymous. "It's about making sure all of our kids feel safe." Despite the controversy, Ellis says he plans to continue to fight for his right to express himself in the yearbook, and to advocate for LGBTQ+ acceptance in his community. "I want to show other kids that it's okay to be who you are," he says. "We deserve to be seen and heard, just like everyone else."