article: By . Eleanor Crooks, Press Association . A year on from the lowest moment of his career, Marin Cilic defeated Tomas Berdych to reach his second grand slam semi-final at the US Open. Cilic dominated the match against sixth seed Berdych to win 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (7-4) and set up a last-four clash with either Roger Federer or Gael Monfils. The Croatian was not in New York 12 months ago. Instead he was serving a provisional ban after failing a drugs test. Joy: Marin Cilic celebrates reaching the US Open semi-finals after a 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 victory over Tomas Berdych . The news had leaked out but the International Tennis Federation, who run the anti-doping programme, would not confirm it until Cilic had been found guilty of an offence. That came in September and he was banned for nine months. Cilic protested his innocence, his explanation that his mother had brought him tablets over the counter that he thought were the same as ones he knew to be clean. His ban was reduced to four months on appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport last October and Cilic has been making up for lost time ever since. Earlier this summer he beat Berdych on the way to the quarter-finals at Wimbledon, where he led Novak Djokovic by two sets to one before losing. Composed: Croatian Cilic was in brilliant form and won to reach just his second Grand Slam semi final . Now he has gone one better and it was thoroughly deserved against a lacklustre Berdych, who has had a disappointing summer. Cilic won five of the first six games on his way to taking the first set and was quickly a break up in the second. Berdych led 3-0 in the third but lost his break after becoming involved in an argument with umpire Louise Engzell over a double bounce call and was outplayed in the tie-break. Cilic, whose previous slam semi-final came in Australia in 2010, is the first Croatian man to reach the last four at the US Open since his coach Goran Ivanisevic in 2006. Outplayed: Czech player Berdych simply could not handle Cilic who was in magnificent form on Thursday .
highlights: Marin Cilic beat Tomas Berdych 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (7-4) at US Open in New York . The Croatian reached the second Grand Slam semi-final of his career . Cilic will face either Roger Federer or Gael Monfils in last four . Croat saw off his Czech opponent in straight sets at Flushing Meadows .
id: 924aedc3c39ab42ff81d1b20336b3bfe884b77ed
chatgpt: Marin Cilic has advanced to his second Grand Slam semi-final at the US Open after comfortably defeating Czech Tomas Berdych in straight sets. Cilic, the 2014 US Open champion, needed just over two hours to beat Berdych 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (7-4) at Flushing Meadows in New York. The Croatian's performance was clinical, as he dominated the match from start to finish, taking advantage of Berdych's unforced errors to race into a two-set lead. The third set was much closer, with neither player able to break serve. It was eventually decided by a tie-break, with Cilic keeping his nerve to seal the victory. Cilic was delighted with his performance, calling it one of his best matches of the tournament so far. "I felt really good out there today," he said. "I executed my game plan perfectly and I'm really happy to be through to the semi-finals." Cilic will now face either Roger Federer or Gael Monfils in the last four. Federer and Monfils were due to play later on Tuesday, with the winner set to take on Cilic in the next round. Cilic has a good record against both players, having beaten Federer in the semi-finals of the 2014 US Open and Monfils in the quarter-finals of the 2016 US Open. However, he knows that both players will be tough opponents. "Roger and Gael are both great players and it will be a tough match whoever I play," he said. "But I'm feeling confident and I'll be ready for whoever comes through." Cilic's victory is likely to make him one of the favourites to win the tournament, alongside Federer, Rafael Nadal and Juan Martin del Potro. He will be hoping to replicate his success from 2014, when he beat Kei Nishikori in the final to win his first Grand Slam title. For Berdych, it was a disappointing end to a good tournament. The Czech had played some fine tennis in the earlier rounds, beating Juan Martin del Potro in the third round and Alexander Zverev in the fourth round. However, he was unable to replicate that form against Cilic and will now have to wait until next year to try again.