article: By . Damian Spellman . Richard Keogh is desperate for a chance to make Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo pay for his play-off final heartache. The Republic of Ireland defender met up with his international team-mates last week still reflecting upon Derby's dramatic Wembley defeat by QPR, in which his late error helped Bobby Zamora to fire Rangers into the Barclays Premier League. However, the prospect of playing a part in friendlies against Costa Rica in Philadelphia during the early hours of Saturday morning, and then Ronaldo's Portugal in New Jersey next week, have proved hugely cathartic. Too late: Richard Keogh tries in vain to stop Bobby Zamora as QPR beat Derby in the play-off final . Heartache: A distraught Keogh is consoled by manager Steve McClaren at full-time . Keogh, who will hope to win his fourth senior cap against the Costa Ricans, said: 'That would be absolutely fantastic. He [Ronaldo] is one of the best players, if not the best player, in the world. 'It's a great honour to wear the green jersey and when you play against great opposition, it makes you better. 'But we are just focusing on trying to get a positive result. We had a positive result against Italy and we are looking forward to these two games. 'Training has been really sharp, really competitive and I think the boys are ready.' Keogh and Derby team-mates Jeff Hendrick and Conor Sammon met up barely 48 hours after suffering play-off heartache, but were immediately enveloped in support from not only their team-mates, but Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and his assistant Roy Keane. Real deal: Cristiano Ronaldo trains with Portugal ahead of the World Cup, where he will one of the main stars . Head boy: Richard Keogh (third right) vies for the ball with Branislav Ivanovic during Ireland's game with Serbia . Asked about O'Neill's response, the 27-year-old said: 'He was absolutely fantastic. We got in late on the Monday and he came and chatted and he just said, "Listen, it was unfortunate, what happened, but you have had a fantastic season and in time it will make you a stronger person and a better player". 'For someone like that to mention that to me, it meant a lot. It gives you a lot of confidence to want to do well and really improve, and I really appreciated it. '[Keane] said some calm words to me and when someone like that says it to you, it's really fantastic. It's something that again filled me with a lot of confidence. 'I can't thank those two too much, really, for how they have helped me since came in. 'When he speaks you listen. He's a fantastic guy, he was a fantastic player and when he gives you advice, it's great for everyone, especially the midfield players. 'He helps everyone to try to improve their game, so from our point of view, it's absolutely fantastic and it's an absolute pleasure to work with him.'
highlights: Richard Keogh at fault as Derby lost to QPR in play-off final . Defender will come up against Cristiano Ronaldo when Republic of Ireland take on Portugal in a friendly next week in New Jersey . Keogh full of praise for Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane .
id: 81dc27cd2e799178e05041a82cd60c54d6e04552
chatgpt: Derby County's play-off dreams were dashed as they suffered a heart-breaking defeat to Queens Park Rangers in the final. Richard Keogh, the club's star defender, was at fault for one of the goals in a match that will go down as one of the most thrilling play-off finals in recent memory. Despite his disappointing end to the season with Derby, Keogh is set to do battle against one of the world's best players next week. The Republic of Ireland are taking on Portugal in a friendly match in New Jersey and Keogh will have the unenviable task of trying to keep Cristiano Ronaldo quiet. Keogh, who has been a standout performer for Derby this season, is looking forward to the challenge of playing against one of the world's best players. Speaking about the upcoming match, Keogh said, "It's always an honour to play against the best players in the world. Cristiano Ronaldo is one of those players and I'm looking forward to the challenge." Keogh is no stranger to playing in big matches for his country. He has been a regular in the Republic of Ireland squad for several years now and has played in some of the country's most memorable matches. He has also been full of praise for both Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane, the current managers of the Republic of Ireland national team. "They are both great managers and have done a lot for the team. They have brought a lot of passion and enthusiasm to the squad and it's great to be a part of that. They are both legends of Irish football and it's an honour to work with them." Despite the disappointment of losing in the play-off final, Keogh remains focused on his international duty. He knows that playing against Ronaldo will be a tough challenge, but he is confident in his ability to handle the pressure. "I know Cristiano Ronaldo is a great player, but I'm confident in my own abilities. I've played against some great players in my time and I know what it takes to succeed at this level. It's important that we give it our all against Portugal and try to come away with a positive result." The match against Portugal will be an important test for the Republic of Ireland national team as they prepare for their upcoming Euro 2020 qualifying campaign. Keogh and his teammates will be hoping to build some momentum with a good result against one of Europe's top teams. For Keogh, the chance to play against Ronaldo is another opportunity to showcase his talents on the international stage. He has been a consistent performer for Derby this season and will be hoping to add to his impressive international record next week in New Jersey.