article: Marcos Rojo says he is comfortable playing in Manchester United’s defence depsite the constant changes to the back four under manager Louis van Gaal this season. Rojo has made four appearances in the United backline this season and has lined up alongside Rafael, Jonny Evans, Tyler Blackett, Chris Smalling and Paddy McNair. Boss Van Gaal has had to shake up his selection due to injuries and below-par performances, but Rojo has been impressed with his new team-mates. Marcos Rojo says he is comfortable leading Manchester United from the back despite his new arrival . Rojo praised youth stars Paddy McNair (above) and Tyler Blackett (below) who have made their debuts . United have been plagued by injuries this season so youth stars have been called upon . The Argentinian told MUTV: ‘It’s never good to have too many injuries, but this is a big club and there is a lot of depth and quality in the squad. ‘I’m happy playing alongside all the different guys because I’m very comfortable with all of them. I’ve played with Paddy and he is a player with a big future. ‘Tyler has impressed too. But I just love being on the pitch and I really don’t mind who I play with.’ ‘It’s the biggest league in the Europe and probably the world. I’ve always loved watching Premier League football and wanted to play here. ‘The football is very direct, quick and physical, which makes it attractive for the fans. I really like playing here – I’m relishing the challenge.’ Rojo has quickly established himself as a key player because of injuries to Jonny Evans and Phil Jones . The Argentine also praised boss Louis van Gaal, who is 'always telling him how to improve his game' And Rojo has been pleased with the management style of Van Gaal, who, he belieevs will bring the very best out of him. Rojo said: ‘He’s brilliant. He’s always giving me advice, telling me how to improve my game, my movement. ‘He’s a great manager who always wants to win and that’s the message he gets across to us. He wants the best and that’s what he demands from his team.’
highlights: Marcos Rojo says he is happy playing in Manchester United's defence . United have been rocked by injuries to Phil Jones and Jonny Evans . But Rojo praises youth stars Paddy McNair and Tyler Blackett . Duo have been called upon by Louis van Gaal and have partnered Rojo . Argentine praises boss for helping him settle in England .
id: 055e62ecff8a9e1028e90cd3917d4545c948b4bf
chatgpt: Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo has expressed his happiness at playing for the club's defense. In the absence of injured regulars Phil Jones and Jonny Evans, the Argentine has partnered with young stars Paddy McNair and Tyler Blackett. Speaking to the press, Rojo praised the two youngsters for their performances so far, saying, "Paddy and Tyler have done really well. It's not easy to come in and play at this level, but they've shown they can handle it." The 24-year-old, who joined United from Sporting Lisbon in the summer, went on to praise manager Louis van Gaal for helping him adapt to life in England. "The manager has been great with me," he said. "He's helped me settle in and he's always there to give advice and support." Rojo's positive outlook will be welcome news to United fans, who have seen their team suffer a string of injuries in defense this season. Jones has been sidelined since early November with shin splints, while Evans has been absent since the beginning of October with a calf strain. Despite the challenges, Rojo remains optimistic about the team's chances going forward. "We have a strong squad with a lot of depth," he said. "We know we can cope with injuries and we'll continue to work hard and improve." With United sitting in third place in the Premier League table, just five points behind leaders Chelsea, Rojo's confidence will be a boost to the team as they look to challenge for the title this season. The Argentine's solid performances at the back, combined with the emergence of young talents like McNair and Blackett, will give United fans hope for the future. As the season progresses, United will be hoping to keep up their good form and challenge for major silverware. With Rojo's positivity and the promise of young talent coming through, the future looks bright for the Red Devils.