article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:09 EST, 1 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:13 EST, 1 December 2013 . Microsoft has been accused of alienating its female customers after providing a sexist note to gamers promoting the new Xbox One. With the holidays approaching, the company released an online form letter for men to send their girlfriends in a bid to convince them the latest model console would be a good present, for the both of them. The note 'We got your back,' began: 'Hey honey, not sure if you've heard but Xbox One is now available. ...I know, I know. You'd rather knit than watch me slay zombies, but hear me out on this. Xbox One is actually for both of us. Seriously.' Outrage: Microsoft has been accused of alienating its female customers after sending the online form letter, pictured, to gamers promoting the Xbox One . The note immediately sparked a backlash on Social Media, with critics labeling it condescending and heteronormative, according to the Daily Dot. Female gamers highlighted they don't need a man to bully them into buying games and pointed out the company doesn't understand that women make up nearly half of its customers. According to a recent USAToday report, some 45 per cent of gamers in 2013 are women. Xbox: A security guard stands beside a pile of XBOX One video game consoles at a Toys 'R' Us store during their Black Friday Sale in New York November 28, 2013 . Meanwhile, Wall Street Journal numbers . show nearly 40 per cent of Xbox users are women. And the company has . actually bragged about this in the past. The letter lists five reasons why the girlfriend, who is interested in Tracy Anderson fitness videos, dancing and Skyping her sister, should buy her man, a gaming and football fanatic, the new Xbox, or at least allow it into the home. The initial outrage prompted the company to revise the original note to make it more gender-neutral and less condescending. Lines like 'You'd rather knit than watch me slay zombies,' have been replaced with 'You'd rather do your taxes early than watch me slay zombies.' The approach was perhaps unsurprising given the boys club inside Microsoft. According to a September Huffington Post article titled 'MicBROsoft,' nearly 80 per cent of the firm's employees are men, including seven of nine board members and all of the four people charged with finding Microsoft a new CEO.
highlights: With the holidays approaching, the company released an online form letter for men to send their girlfriends in a bid to convince them the latest model console would be a good present, for the both of them . The note 'We got your back,' began: 'Hey honey... You'd rather knit than watch me slay zombies, but hear me out on this . It immediately sparked a . backlash on Social Media, with critics labeling it condescending and . heteronormative . Microsoft later caved to pressure and changed the wording to make it more gender neutral .
id: 353ed2182ee9d2efe01ba471ea39183368a37501
chatgpt: The holiday season is fast approaching and with it comes the pressure of finding the perfect gifts for loved ones. Console giant, Microsoft, thought they could help out by releasing an online form letter for men to send their girlfriends in an attempt to convince them that the latest model console would be a great present, for both of them. The note, titled "We got your back," began with the phrase, "Hey honey... You'd rather knit than watch me slay zombies, but hear me out on this." However, this move quickly backfired as the online community blasted Microsoft for the letter's condescending and heteronormative tone. Critics pointed out that it was wrong to assume women were uninterested in console gaming while also reinforcing outdated gender roles. Social media was flooded with enraged tweets and posts calling out the campaign, with many outright condemning the letter, saying it was not only offensive but also perpetuated harmful stereotypes. One Twitter user commented, "What year is it? Micro$oft with an ad straight out of the 1950s! Inclusive marketing doesn't mean reinforcing gender stereotypes!" As the criticism mounted, Microsoft caved in to the pressure and changed the letter's wording to make it more gender-neutral. In a statement, the company apologized for any offense caused, saying they had made an "error in judgment." "We apologize for any unintended offense caused by the 'We got your back' campaign," the statement read. "We have listened to feedback and are making changes to ensure that our communications are more inclusive and respectful of everyone. We have updated the campaign to remove all gendered language, and we will continue to strive to make our marketing more inclusive." The move was welcomed by many online with some hailing it as a step in the right direction. "It's great to see a company take responsibility for their actions and make the effort to course-correct," tweeted one individual. This is not the first time a company has come under fire for marketing campaigns that reinforce gender stereotypes. However, it is encouraging to see that consumers are becoming more vocal in calling out these harmful practices, and companies are taking notice and taking steps to rectify the issue. In conclusion, while Microsoft's attempt to help customers convince their partners to buy the latest console may have seemed like a good idea, it was met with justified criticism that forced the company to make changes. The incident highlights the need for companies to be more mindful of their messaging and approach to marketing if they wish to remain relevant and inclusive in today's society.