article: If you're serving burgers and Bud Light at your backyard wedding, don't worry. You and your spouse may have the last laugh. A new study found that couples who spend less on their wedding tend to have longer-lasting marriages than those who splurge. The study, by two economics professors at Emory University, found a similar correlation between less-expensive engagement rings and lower divorce rates. The study's authors didn't examine why, although they floated a few theories. "It could be that the type of couples who have a ... (cheap wedding) are the type that are a perfect match for each other," said Professor Hugo M. Mialon, who co-authored the study with Andrew M. Francis. "Or it could be that having an inexpensive wedding relieves young couples of financial burdens that may strain their marriage," he said. The research was based on a detailed survey completed by 3,151 adults in the United States who are, or have been, married. The authors believe theirs is the first academic study to examine the correlation between wedding expenses and the length of marriages. Specifically, the study found that women whose wedding cost more than $20,000 divorced at a rate roughly 1.6 times higher than women whose wedding cost between $5,000 and $10,000. And couples who spent $1,000 or less on their big day had a lower than average rate of divorce. The study won't be cheered by the booming wedding industry, which encourages couples to spend freely on everything from invitations and flowers to videographers and Champagne. Couples in the United States spent an average of $29,858 for their big day in 2013 -- a record high -- according to a survey of 13,000 brides and grooms by wedding website TheKnot.com. "The wedding industry has long associated lavish weddings with longer-lasting marriages. Industry advertising has fueled norms that create the impression that spending large amounts on the wedding is a signal of commitment or is necessary for a marriage to be successful," Francis told CNN in an e-mail. "Overall, our findings provide little evidence to support the validity of the wedding industry's general message that connects expensive weddings with positive marital outcomes," he said. Planning a wedding? In addition to slashing costs, you might want to invite those extra co-workers and far-flung cousins, too. The Emory study also found that the greater the number of people who attend a wedding, the lower the rate of divorce. "This could be evidence of a community effect, i.e., having more support from friends and family may help the couple to get through the challenges of marriage," Francis said. "Or this could be that the type of couples who have a lot of friends and family are also the type that tend not to divorce as much."
highlights: Study: Couples who spend less on their wedding have longer-lasting marriages . A similar correlation was found between cheaper engagement rings and lower divorce rates . The research was based on a survey completed by 3,151 ever-married adults in the U.S.
id: 78b6e36d8f173a1fa9a6992c5e686c868f2ad489
chatgpt: According to a recent study, couples who spent less on their wedding were found to have longer-lasting marriages. The research showed a similar correlation between those who opted for cheaper engagement rings and lower divorce rates. The study, which was conducted on 3,151 ever-married adults in the United States, found that those who spent less than $1,000 on their wedding had a 53% lower likelihood of divorce compared to those who spent $20,000 or more. In addition, couples who spent less than $500 on their engagement ring had a 33% lower divorce rate than those who spent $2,000 or more. The findings challenge the notion that a more expensive wedding or engagement ring leads to a happier and more stable marriage. The lead author of the study, Andrew Francis-Tan, a sociologist at the National University of Singapore, said that “People believe that if they invest more in their wedding, their marriage will be better. But [the study] suggests that the more couples spend on their wedding, the more likely they are to divorce in the future.” There are several possible explanations for the findings. One is that couples who spend less on their wedding are often more financially responsible and are less likely to start their marriage in debt. They may also be more focused on the relationship itself rather than the material aspects of the wedding. In addition, couples who opt for a less extravagant wedding may have a stronger support system from family and friends who are more invested in the relationship than the wedding itself. This does not necessarily mean that those who spend more on their wedding or engagement ring are doomed to fail. However, it is worth considering that overspending on a wedding or ring may not necessarily lead to a happier or more stable marriage. The study has received a lot of attention and sparked a debate about the true value of an expensive wedding or engagement ring. Some have praised the findings as a refreshing reminder that a successful marriage is about love and commitment, rather than material possessions. Others, however, argue that there are other factors beyond the cost of a wedding that are more important in determining the success of a marriage. In any case, the study offers an interesting perspective on the relationship between wedding expenses and long-term marital satisfaction. For those planning to get married, it may be worth considering whether a more modest wedding could have a positive impact on their future together. And for those already married, the study is a reminder that the strength of a marriage is not necessarily determined by how much was spent on the wedding day.