article: By . Rosemarie Lentini . Arrested: Raymond Michael Miranda, 14 (pictured) has been accused of viciously beating an 87-year-old woman at a California nursing home . A 14-year-old boy accused of brutally beating an elderly woman while she slept in her nursing home bed, has been arrested following a nearly week-long manhunt in California. Police nabbed Raymond Michael Miranda in a Temecula hotel room last night over the April 17 attack which left an 87-year-old woman fighting for her life in hospital. Raymond and a 15-year-old boy allegedly broke into the unidentified woman's room at the Camelot Independent Living complex in Hemet and violently beat her in a botched robbery attempt about 2am. Some reports also claim they splashed bleach on the victim. While officials are legally prohibited from identifying juvenile suspects, investigators made an exception with Raymond who they say is dangerous. While the 15-year-old boy was arrested on the day of the attack, officers were forced to circulate fliers with Raymond's name and photo in order to find him. A neighbor told police they spotted the teenage boys outside the woman's living quarters on West Oakland Avenue in the early morning hours of April 17. 'It's . an 87-year-old victim minding her own business in the safety of her own . home,' police Lt. Dean Evans told the Riverside Press-Enterprise. '(She was) accosted and beaten severely and is now in critical condition. The feeling is, if they’ll do that to an 87-year-old lady, they’ll do it to anyone else they come across. So we feel the public might be at risk and we want to prevent that.' Investigators said it appeared the victim was not specifically targeted and they don't know how long the 'torture' lasted. They believe burglary was the motive. Evans told Riverside Press-Enterprise that Raymond has had 'extensive contacts' with Hemet police. 'I know he has some contact with the juvenile justice system,' the lieutenant said, but did not provide details. Raymond's arrest warrant alleges attempted murder, burglary and torture. Scene: Raymond Michael Miranda, 14, and a 15-year-old boy are accused of beating an elderly woman at Camelot Independent Living complex in Hemet, California (pictured) on April 17 .
highlights: Raymond Michael Miranda nabbed today following alleged April 17 attack . Police say he beat the woman at California's Camelot Independent Living complex during a botched robbery . A 15-year-old boy also allegedly involved has been arrested . Victim is in a critical condition . Police identified underage Raymond to help with search .
id: d239f96358ce4b3dfed51d7d419a6ff680919473
chatgpt: In what appears to be a heinous attack, 40-year-old Raymond Michael Miranda was taken into police custody earlier today following his alleged involvement in a brutal assault at Camelot Independent Living Complex in California. According to law enforcement personnel, Miranda, along with a 15-year-old accomplice, is charged with beating a woman during a robbery gone wrong. As per the police report, the woman was left severely injured and is currently in critical condition. While the minor accomplice was also apprehended, his identity has not been disclosed to the public due to his status as a minor. Raymond, however, was identified by law enforcement as an adult and was therefore named as a suspect in the continuing investigation. Authorities were able to identify Raymond thanks to a description provided by the victim and the boy's involvement in the crime. Subsequent efforts led to his capture, and he has since been taken into custody. The incident has since sent shockwaves throughout the community, with residents expressing their shock and horror at the severity of the crime. Many community members have expressed their condolences towards the victim and offered their support to local law enforcement in the investigation, which is still ongoing. Such incidents underscore the importance of security, particularly in communal living arrangements, where people look out for each other. The incident is yet another example of the rising crime rate in the region, with many pointing out that more needs to be done to curb such acts of violence. Amidst mounting public concerns, investigators are leaving no stone unturned, and all possible leads are being pursued. In the meantime, the victim remains in critical condition, and we urge anyone with information that could help expedite the investigation to come forward and share what they know with law enforcement. We extend our thoughts and prayers to the victim and her family, as they navigate through this difficult time. Our hearts go out to them, and we hope that justice will be served in the case.