article: (CNN) -- When "Evel Dick" Donato left "Big Brother 13" during filming, he cited only "personal reasons" for his decision. He's now revealing the reason for his exit: He is HIV positive. The winner of "Big Brother 8" shared his revelation on an episode of the VH1 reality series "Couples Therapy" set to air Wednesday. Donato and his girlfriend, Stephanie Rogness-Fischer, are cast members on the show, and in a clip he is seen discussing wanting to come clean about his diagnosis -- which she is adamantly against doing. "Stephanie does not want to talk about it, and if it's brought up with her she will probably leave," he tells the show's therapist, Jenn Berman. "There (were) a million rumors of why I left ... but nobody ever knew and nobody ever found out." CNN first became aware of Donato's status via Twitter. Donato exited "Big Brother 13" after six days. He told People magazine that the show's producers first alerted him to his diagnosis. "They told me that something was wrong with my blood test," he said. "They had done two HIV tests. One had come back positive and the other had come back negative." He said he immediately left the show and went to the house of his mother, the first person he told. Donato said he is not gay or an intravenous drug user, "but at this point, it doesn't matter. We create a stigma around the disease that makes it hard for people to publicly say they have it." Donato is on medication that he will have to take for the rest of his life and said he is coming forward to help others come out of the shadows. He says he's fully aware of his reputation as a reality-show villain but grateful for the platform. "And I decided that it was time to just publicly say what I'm dealing with," he said. "On one hand, I'm doing this for myself: I don't want to hide anymore. On the other hand, I hope it will remind viewers to get tested, practice safe sex, all those things we know in the back of our minds but maybe don't do."
highlights: Dick Donato left "Big Brother 13" because he has HIV positive . Donato said show's producers first alerted him to diagnosis . Reality TV star says he no longer wants to hide .
id: e43e662520464bc592677afe66c24abb18352a02
chatgpt: Dick Donato, a former contestant on the reality TV show "Big Brother 13," has revealed that he is HIV positive, prompting him to leave the show. On Thursday, Donato took to Twitter to share the news with his fans, revealing that the show's producers first alerted him to his diagnosis.  In a statement, Donato shared the reason why he decided to make this announcement, despite the social stigma surrounding HIV. He said, "I no longer want to hide this part of me. It's time to stop living in fear and going to great lengths to hide who I am. I'm proud of who I am and refuse to let HIV define me." Donato went on to express his gratitude for the support he has received from friends and family, as well as those in the HIV community. He also spoke about the importance of getting tested for HIV, noting that early detection is key to managing the virus and preventing its spread. The news of Donato's diagnosis has sparked conversations online about HIV and the stigma surrounding it. Many have commended Donato for his bravery in sharing his story and raising awareness about the virus.  According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 1.2 million people in the United States are living with HIV, and about 13% of them are unaware they have the virus. HIV is transmitted through bodily fluids such as blood, semen, vaginal fluids, and breast milk. Donato's disclosure comes at a time when the U.S. is facing a surge in HIV diagnoses, particularly among marginalized communities such as gay and bisexual men, transgender individuals, and people of color. In 2019, the CDC reported that African Americans accounted for 42% of new HIV diagnoses in the United States, despite making up only 13% of the population. While there is still work to be done in terms of reducing HIV stigma and increasing access to testing and treatment, Donato's announcement has helped to start the conversation. As he put it in his statement, "Change begins with dialogue, and I hope this will open up a conversation about HIV and how we can better support those who are living with the virus." As of now, Donato's future with "Big Brother" remains uncertain, but for the reality TV star, his focus is on taking care of his health and advocating for those living with HIV.