article: (CNN) -- Doctors say the discovery of a 4-year-old carrier of the H7N9 bird flu virus who shows no symptoms of the potentially lethal virus is a worrying development that could make the spread of the infection more difficult to monitor. The Beijing Municipal Health Bureau said the boy was detected from a group of close contacts of the first infection in Beijing and the laboratory results showed the boy was an asymptomatic carrier of the disease. The boy emerged after authorities screened 24 poultry owners in Naidong Village, Cuigezhuang County in Chaoyang District, taking throat swabs of those in contact with the group. The report said the boy's parents were engaged in poultry and fish trading. According to Dr. Leo Poon Lit-man, associate professor, School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong, while there is no evidence that the virus can be transmitted from human to human, medical authorities need to be on the alert. "It really depends on whether this H7N9 virus is transmissible between humans ... that key question needs to be answered," Dr. Poon told CNN. "So far, we do not know the full spectrum of the clinical presentations of these H7N9 patients. "In the beginning, we were only able to detect it because there were some severe cases and some people actually died. They are trying enhance the surveillance so that's we can detect those cases where there is only a mild infection." H7N9 is normally found in birds. Until last month, it was never known to infect people. China has invited a team of international experts to assess the spread of the H7N9 bird flu virus in the country, the World Health Organization said Tuesday. A team composed of Chinese experts on epidemiology, laboratory tests and clinical treatment, as well as experts and officials from the U.S, the European Union and the WHO, "will assess the outbreak and the response to guide further the prevention and control measures," Glenn Thomas, spokesman for the World Health Organization told reporters in Geneva. Poon said evidence of human-to-human transmission would put the H7N9 problem into a different category. "If it can (transmit human to human), then it's a very different scenario -- we would not be able to detect asymptomatic carriers and that would be a huge problem," he said. The discovery of the carrier has meant Beijing has notched up a gear in its monitoring efforts, extending its action from a passive 'syndrome surveillance' to a more active 'pathogen monitoring'. This involves actively seeking out and targeting populations at risk from the disease. Health officials in China say there have been 77 confirmed cases of H7N9 and 16 confirmed deaths. Several cities in eastern China have suspended trading in live poultry in an effort to contain the problem.
highlights: NEW: There have been 77 confirmed cases and 16 confirmed deaths . Boy was detected from a target group of poultry vendors in Chaoyang District . Authorities say there is no evidence so far of human-to-human transmission . Beijing has begun monitoring susceptible groups more intensely .
id: 3d9fd4ca052abac73ece7462bb267f16b60470bb
chatgpt: In the latest development on the outbreak front, Beijing authorities have confirmed 77 cases of bird flu and 16 deaths in the city. The virus was reportedly first detected in a young boy from a target group of poultry vendors in Chaoyang District. While there is no evidence yet of human-to-human transmission, officials are urging caution and have intensified monitoring of susceptible groups. The boy was reportedly admitted to a hospital in late March with symptoms of fever and cough. After testing positive for the H7N9 strain of bird flu, he was put under quarantine and officials traced his movements to a local live poultry market. Following the news, authorities closed the market and began testing vendors and birds for the virus. Since then, the number of confirmed cases has risen steadily. By mid-April, there were 77 confirmed cases and 16 deaths, mostly amongst those who had been in close contact with infected birds. Experts say that the virus can be transmitted through contact with infected birds or their droppings, but the risk of human-to-human transmission is relatively low. According to China's National Health Commission, the outbreak in Beijing is the first major one this year. They have warned that the virus is highly infectious and can cause severe respiratory illness, pneumonia, and even death. To contain the outbreak, authorities have put strict measures in place, including closing live poultry markets, monitoring susceptible groups, and stepping up hygiene checks. Beijing health officials have also advised residents to avoid contact with live or dead poultry, to wash their hands frequently, and to seek medical attention if they experience any symptoms of bird flu. While experts say that the risk of a pandemic is low at this stage, they warn that more needs to be done to prevent future outbreaks. The outbreak in Beijing comes just weeks after Shanghai reported its first case of bird flu in a human since 2018. As of mid-April, there have been four confirmed cases of the H7N9 virus in China this year, one of which was fatal. While the cases are still relatively low compared to previous years, officials say that they are monitoring the situation closely. The bird flu outbreak in Beijing has also raised concerns in other countries, particularly those with close ties to China. In Hong Kong, which has a history of bird flu outbreaks, authorities have stepped up surveillance and testing of live poultry. In Japan, where bird flu outbreaks are common, officials have stepped up border checks and screening of imported poultry products. Overall, while the bird flu outbreak in Beijing is a cause for concern, officials say that they are taking all necessary measures to contain it. With increased monitoring, testing, and public awareness, they hope to prevent the virus from spreading further and causing more deaths.