article: While Cristiano Ronaldo was the name on everyone's lips before kick-off, Thomas Muller was the real star of Germany v Portugal - showing his World Cup pedigree for the second tournament running with two first half goals. But the Bayern Munich forward was also criticised for his theatrics which saw Pepe sent off, making his and Germany's task much easier in the Arena Fonte Nova. The 24-year-old former Manchester United target coolly put his side in front after just 11 minutes, slotting a low penalty past Rui Patricio and scored Germany's third with a low left footed strike in first half stoppage time. VIDEO Scroll down to watch some of Muller's Bayern goals from last season . Calm: Muller confidently strokes home the opening goal from the penalty spot in Group G first game . Under attack: Muller appeared to go down easily as Pepe attempted to defend the ball . National villain: But the Bayern Munich man went down heavily under a challenge from Pepe . Conflicting views: And his reaction to the Portuguese defender's retort led to the referee handing out a red card . At the double: Muller tucked home his second goal just before half-time in Salvador's Arena Fonte Nova . His third came in 78th minute, tapping in Andre Schurrle's cross for the match-ball. That trio went some way towards matching his 2010 Golden Boot-winning total of five goals in South Africa, after just one game. But between the two first half goals, Muller made himself an enemy to the Portuguese for the wrong reasons - theatrically collapsing under Pepe's challenge and then drawing attention to the centre back's headbutt. Golden boy: Muller slotted home his third to put him ahead of the field in the race for the Golden Boot . Ronald-who: Muller outshone the Ballon d'Or winner on a difficult day for Portugal's star man . Muller now sits just one goal ahead of Arjen Robben, Robin van Persie, Karim Benzema and Neymar, who all scored twice in their respective openers. The forward's third goal also put him half-way towards overhauling record-holder Ronaldo's 15 World Cup goals. And while his dramatic fall and complaints about Pepe's headbutt won't have adhered him to Portugal fans, the 24-year-old is likely to be more concerned with his impressive goal tally. Job well done: Lukas Podolski congratulates his match-winner as he leaves the field as a late substitute . All smiles: Muller didn't seem phased by the criticism, celebrating with his team-mates after coming off .
highlights: Last World Cup's Golden Boot winner starts his new campaign with a bang . But his role in Pepe's sending off had Portugal fans fuming . Bayern Munich striker brought his World Cup tally to eight goals .
id: b9fb49e796aa8b3db8088d782a68804bffce83d0
chatgpt: Bayern Munich's striker and last World Cup's Golden Boot winner, Robert Lewandowski, has started his new campaign with a bang, scoring in Poland's opening game against Slovakia. Lewandowski, who has been in phenomenal form for Bayern Munich this season, brought his World Cup tally to eight goals with his strike in the game against Slovakia. However, the striker's role in Portugal's recent match against Poland had their fans fuming. Lewandowski was involved in the incident that led to Pepe's sending off, and many Portugal fans felt that he had played a key role in the decision. Portugal were leading 2-0 at the time of Pepe's dismissal, and the sending off proved to be a turning point in the game. Poland went on to score two late goals and earn a 2-2 draw. Many Portugal fans took to social media to express their frustration with Lewandowski's actions. Some even called for him to be banned from future matches. Despite the controversy surrounding his involvement in Pepe's sending off, Lewandowski remains one of the most dangerous strikers in world football. He scored an incredible 41 goals in 29 Bundesliga appearances for Bayern Munich this season and is expected to be a key player in Poland's World Cup campaign. Poland will be hoping to go one step further than they did in the last World Cup, where they were knocked out in the quarter-finals by eventual winners, Portugal. Lewandowski will be hoping to add to his World Cup tally of eight goals and lead his country to a long-awaited triumph on the world stage. The striker's form for Bayern Munich this season has been nothing short of sensational. He has broken numerous records in the Bundesliga, including the all-time record for the most goals scored in a single season. Poland will be relying heavily on Lewandowski to provide the goals in their World Cup campaign. The striker's ability to score from almost any angle and position makes him a constant threat to the opposition. If Lewandowski can continue his incredible form into the World Cup, Poland may just have a chance of lifting the trophy for the first time in their history. The controversy surrounding his involvement in Pepe's sending off will no doubt be forgotten if the striker can lead his country to glory on the world stage.